''Microsoft has not established itself as the Fort Knox of Internet privacy,'' he said.
AT&T Denies a Cable Deal With Time Warner Is Near
In both countries, analysts said, Wal-Mart simply failed to build operations large enough to compete with dominant local merchants -- it had just 16 stores in South Korea and 85 in Germany -- or to cater adequately to local tastes.
As a result of the publicity generated by Microsoft's move and similar efforts by other companies, America Online said it would endorse an open standard for instant messaging.
Licensing of Predecessor Operating Systems  Paragraph 8 of Microsoft's proposal would require Microsoft, after the release of a major Windows operating system such as Windows 98 or Windows 2000 Professional, to continue to license the predecessor operating system at a royalty not higher than the existing royalty for three years.
Executives at some other small companies still focused on the traditional personal computer software business said they did not see how a Microsoft breakup would create new possibilities for them.
Halliburton's stock price has fallen more than 70 percent over the last 12 months on fears that it could be overwhelmed by judgments in asbestos-related lawsuits.
A NEW line of products from companies like Gap, Armani Exchange and Motorola aims to raise money to help fight AIDS in Africa.
In addition, Mr. Shah said, Merck is now spending about $2.9 billion on research -- far less than the $5.4 billion that Pfizer, the largest pharmaceutical company, plans to spend this year.
The nine states pursuing tougher penalties for Microsoft contend that the company will do the same with new technologies, from hand-held computers to instant-messaging software, unless the court carefully regulates how Microsoft designs its code and interacts with other technology companies.
Intel said that the notebook computing segment was its strongest and that it was increasing shipments of Centrino, its new chipset that includes wireless communications capabilities.
In 1999, Amazon.com won an injunction preventing Barnesandnoble.com from using one-click technology on its Web site.
''As a general matter, many of these suits are similar, and we continue to believe they are without merit,'' said David Carter, a spokesman for Aetna.
''We can't manage what happens out there,'' said Lawrence Flanagan, executive vice president and chief marketing officer at MasterCard Worldwide.
Although Mrs. Mosch said she was aware of other forms of Nigerian fraud and thought the terms of the transaction sounded suspicious, she deposited the check -- seemingly issued by a Bank of America branch -- and asked the teller when she would know it was good.
That would suggest he has patched up a reported split in 2005 that came when Apple introduced its iPod Nano on the same day that Cingular and Motorola introduced the Rokr, an iPod-compatible phone.
Micron said operating losses for its memory chip and personal computer systems operations were partly offset in the fiscal second quarter by a one-time gain of $157 million, or 18 cents a share fully diluted, on the sale of 90 percent of the company's contract manufacturing subsidiary.
Sony and Procter will also be co-sponsors of high school tours of Sony artists.
Memo Pad column; Airports Council International North America study says airports need to spend more than $87 billion for infrastructure and other improvements by 2011 to accommodate increasing passenger and air-cargo demand; Continental Airlines, citing demand, moves up start date to Oct 1 from Oct 30 for its new nonstop service from Newark to Mumbai, India; Star Alliance, first worldwide airline alliance, recently celebrated its 10th anniversary, having grown from original 5 members to 17; alliance serves 406 million passengers annually and member airlines fly to 855 destinations in 155 countries; low-fare all-business-class carrier Eos Airlines takes delivery of its fourth Boeing 757 aircraft as it advances plans for expansion on trans-Atlantic routes; Boeing announces six new orders for its Boeing Business Jets, private aircraft that are high-performance derivatives of commercial Boeing 737-700; Virgin Atlantic Airways will offer free Wi-Fi connections in all of its Upper Class clubhouses by end of year; Delta Air Lines starts nonstop service five times per week between Atlanta and Vienna; Savoy, one of London's most famous hotels, will stop taking reservations in December, when it plans to begin $200 million renovation; hotel will be closed for about 16 months; YPB&R study finds about half of hotel guests say free breakfast as part of room rate is 'very' or 'extremely' influential in choice of lodging; AutoVantage survey finds Miami has worst drivers in American cities, followed by New York, Boston, Los Angeles and Washington; most courteous cities or city-pairs are Portland, Ore, followed by Pittsburgh, Seattle/Tacoma, St Louis and Dallas/Fort Worth (M)
Mr. High said Intel did not know whether the drop in demand was more from computers sold for businesses or for home use.
He had been with News Corporation for seven years and served as Mr. Murdoch's chief lobbyist in Washington and as a senior executive of the Fox network before heading up the satellite operations.
Corning Inc, whose name has for decades been synonymous with Pyrex, Corning Ware and other household brands, says it will sell controlling interest in its consumer products business to AEA Investors, a New York investment firm; AEA will pay Corning $975 million in cash for 89 percent of Corning Consumer Products Co (L)
''At this point, it's going to be a struggle for PeopleSoft to achieve growth without Oracle,'' said David Yockelson, an analyst at the Meta Group, a technology research firm.
There is also speculation that Verizon might pursue a national cable company like Comcast to get into the television business faster.
The Microsoft Corporation has decided ''absolutely'' to continue to support the Java programming language in the wake of a ruling on Tuesday in which a Federal judge ordered the company to change its Java software, a Microsoft executive said yesterday.
Apple Computer plans nationwide advertising drive focusing on people who have switched to its Macintosh from computers that use Microsoft's Windows operating system; chief executive Steven P Jobs says people in ads were selected from over 10,000 unsolicited e-mail testimonials (M)
''Any attempt,'' Mr. Fitzgerald said at the time, ''to influence or pressure a credit-rating agency, or to encourage government officials to do so, particularly by a creditor such as Citigroup, with a financial interest in the agency's determinations, is potentially troublesome.''
The recognition by Boeing's management of the need for a motivated work force was reflected in its recent announcement of a $1 billion stock investment trust, which will allow employees to participate in appreciation in the company's shares.
In an interview, he said he left because he was disappointed that McDonald's had not incorporated his recommendations into its recent ''Balanced Lifestyles'' campaign.
More information is available at www.motorola.com/accompli009.
General Electric's partner in MSNBC, Microsoft, is not pleased with the network's third-place status either.
Corning issued lots of stock to pay off its debt, and now has about 1.5 billion shares outstanding, up from 930 million shares in 2001.
Carnival Corp is examining ways to eliminate some of conditions attached to its hostile takeover offer for P&O Princess Cruises (S)
''In each and every one of our departments, the main channel of distribution is the traditional channel, the small and medium-size specialty stores,'' said Mr. Saldívar, president of Home Depot Mexico.
Microsoft's proposed final judgment also would provide the government with sufficient means to determine and secure compliance with the Court's judgment.
''Kohl's and TJX are the best at paying the vendors on time every time,'' said Burt Flickinger 3rd, managing director of Reach Marketing, a Westport, Conn.-based retail consulting firm.
Comcast said cash flow for the merged companies in 2000 would be about $1.9 billion after all savings had been factored in.
Sitting at a computer crowned with a soft toy shaped like the Eiffel Tower, Olivier Barre spends the day counseling French customers, in their own language, on high-ticket purchases of I.B.M.
While most students view interactive encyclopedias as something to dip into for help with reports and homework, the Encarta Reference Library 2004 from Microsoft strives to be something more.
Cheaper, more adventurous films without stars were left to companies like Miramax and New Line Cinema, which is now owned by Time Warner, as well as other studios.
Nissan Motor Corp hands over responsibility for maintenance, operations and future developoment of its information systems to IBM Japan; financial terms undisclosed (S)
Since the original agreement, Airbus has surpassed Boeing as the world's leading supplier of commercial aircraft and the two companies are now poised to compete over a new generation of aircraft.
International Paper would most likely add cash, not stock.
Mr. Albaugh, the Boeing official who oversees the American side of Sea Launch, said many other customers would doubtless join Loral and Hughes as the Zenit proved itself.
Catherine P. Bessant, global chief marketing officer for Bank of America, said in a statement: ''We are delighted that Omnicom will be our partner as we grow our company.
A.T.& T. Increases Gay and Lesbian Ads
Time Warner's cable systems have blocked the Gemstar signal, demanding separate payment for access.
China agrees to give up plan to impose its own standard for wireless technology, essentially agreeing to join rest of world rather than dividing it up; will indefinitely postpone plan, scheduled to go into effect on June 1, to impose software encryption standard for wirelesss computers that American giants like Intel and Microsoft regard as unfair trade barrier; concession is one of several made by China in daylong trade meeting in Washington between Chinese and Bush administration officials; Chinese also agree to accede to administration demands to crack down on counterfeiting and piracy of intellectual property rights, to fully open their markets six months ahead and to sign international treaties protecting intellectual property rights on Internet; photo (M)
Two other Interpublic agencies are losing Burger King assignments.
Today, the Internet continues to drive the strongest U.S. economy in history,'' John Chambers, Cisco's president and chief executive, said in a statement.
Shares of Yahoo fell to their lowest level in nearly two years in after-hours trading yesterday as it reported weak revenue from Internet search advertising in the second quarter and a delay in a critical project that is meant to increase search revenue.
Procter & Gamble, the maker of consumer products, said yesterday that its earnings in the most recent quarter rose 33 percent on the strength of products like Crest SpinBrush, Cascade Complete dish detergent and Actonel, a bone-building drug.
The Kellogg Company, the maker of Eggo waffles and Rice Krispies cereal, announced today that it would acquire the Keebler Foods Company for $3.86 billion in cash.
Under the deal, more than 260 newspapers in 44 states will carry the Yahoo search box on their Web sites.
Apple's warning also follows recent negative forecasts by rivals like Gateway and Dell Computer, both of which cited drops in demand.
Wal-Mart wants to increase its Bennington store to 112,000 square feet.
Online auctions remain one of the few raging successes of the faltering Internet economy, and eBay is by far the largest of the companies offering auctions online.
The company plans to unveil a computing device today called Microsoft Surface, featuring a 30-inch screen embedded in an acrylic tabletop.
Boeing still depends on the manufacture of commercial jets for 60 percent of its revenue, but it now also makes and launches satellites and builds fighter jets and missiles.
However, Citigroup officials, who did not learn the suit would be filed until late Monday, called the legal action ''counterproductive.''
Pfizer has reassigned creative duties on four consumer brands to Bates Worldwide in New York, part of the Cordiant Communications Group.
Recently, Intel's president, Paul S. Otellini, said the company was changing its strategy to focus less on pure chip speed and more on adding features to its future microprocessors.
Don Thompson said that McDonald's has nothing to fear from the Starbucks breakfast sandwiches.
But the process works well enough that I.B.M.
Boeing's suppliers are also increasing production and hiring aggressively, he said, adding ''at the end of the day, Boeing is going to have to pay for that.
Sony Corp's video game division says it has shipped 30 million Playstation 2 consoles since system's introduction in October 2000, hightlighting challenges facing its rivals Nintendo and Microsoft Corp; Nintendo says it shipped 12 million of its GameCube consoles (S)
But several institutional investors said that Ralph Lauren stood out among apparel companies and that they expected a good long-term return.
Both Yahoo and MySimon will also perform those functions and search larger databases of retailers.
Because the disputes at the heart of the case are between Intel and two companies that are not currently major producers of PC's -- the Intergraph Corporation and the Digital Equipment Corporation -- some industry analysts have seen the prospect of an F.T.C.
Mr. Luftman said Time Warner was taking the Fox threat very seriously.
But before getting to the good stuff, here is  Microsoft's spin on the cybersnickers:
Guests traveling with laptops equipped with a wireless network card can log on anywhere in the hotel, Mr. Dandapani said, comparing it to the wireless service offered by Starbucks.
Northrop Grumman Corp acquires Litton Industries for $3.8 billion in cash and assumption of $1.3 billion of Litton debt; Northrop Grumman chairman-chief executive Kent Kresa will lead combined company (M)
The United States Attorney's office for the District of Utah last month subsequently charged the seller, Russell Dana Smith, on 54 counts of wire and mail fraud in connection with the eBay sales.
Google is also rumored to be developing a Web browser as part of its strategy to defend itself against Microsoft, whose new Web search service will almost certainly be integrated into Internet Explorer.
In California, the MCI Communications Corporation and A.T.& T. are each seeking permission to provide toll service between nearby communities that are currently linked only by local telephone companies: San Francisco to San Jose, for example, or Los Angeles to Orange County.
Time Warner-Disney dispute prompts analysis of whether pending America Online merger with Time Warner will give merged company and a few other giants control over ever-expanding array of media; such gatekeepers will have to fight for control with content providers and power of open Internet; table (M)
''Indeed it is no exaggeration to say that the entire United States economy has benefited from Microsoft's efforts.
He said Mr. Grove ''had told me that the  openness of the architecture had helped Intel to dominate the industry and that they had no intention of changing that strategy.''
The case is one of many such suits that have been filed in the last four years against retailers including Gap, Polo Ralph Lauren, Limited and American Eagle.
Kodak must now wring profits from services -- both online and off.
In the years since the start of what was first called the Microsoft Network, Mr. Gates has tried dozens of different business models, from Internet access to Web sites to monthly software subscriptions.
But convincing the ranks of existing Ford dealers that Ford Motor should get a piece of their pie was not popular, to put it mildly.
The historical record, according to Lindows.com, supports its countersuit against Microsoft.
Last week, Citigroup disclosed that its exposure to Enron easily exceeded $1 billion, making it one of the company's biggest lenders.
Icahn Seeks Board Seat At Motorola
Ford Motor Co's decision to abandon takeover of ailing Daewoo Motor Co leads to sell-off of South Korean securities, pulling stock market in Seoul to 18-month low; Ford's decision was unexpectedly heavy blow that reduced chances of salvaging company and sent something of no-confidence message about nation's economic recovery; other Asian markets continue to slide; graph (M)
In the biggest recall in Coke history, the Governments of France, Belgium, Luxembourg and the Netherlands have ordered products from the Coca-Cola Company off their shelves after dozens of people who drank the soft drinks became ill.
This village, best known as the birthplace of I.B.M., has an unusual look these days.
The settlement, some antitrust specialists say, did little to restrain Microsoft or to foster competition.
The changes, which Wal-Mart's chief executive, H. Lee Scott Jr., plans to announce formally on Sunday before a meeting of the nation's governors, underscore how big a political and public relations threat the health care issue has become for the company, the nation's largest private employer.
Stephen Kuney, a lawyer for nine states that are seeking broad restrictions on Microsoft's business practices, suggested that Dr. Murphy's testimony flew in the face of facts already established by the appeals court.
''Lenovo wanted to be close to I.B.M., but independent,'' Mr. Carney said, explaining why the company is not moving into I.B.M.
Up to 20 percent of Motorola's semiconductors are used internally.
It was a drive-through Starbucks, a format that was also found in places like suburban Detroit and Edinburgh, Ind.
Chairman John Malone says Liberty Media will spin off Ascent Media and its 50 percent stake in Discovery Communications into separate public company; investors say they do not believe spinoff is connected to Malone's efforts to swap News Corp shares for News Corp assets; do not see any relation to Malone's efforts to help his friend, Cablevision Systems chairman Charles Dolan, who is trying to raise money to finance Voom, high-definition television business (M)
Wal-Mart said it had to go through tough negotiations with doctor networks to get such low premiums, making it impossible to roll out the program to all of its American workers in one year.
''It was an outstanding quarter -- our highest third-quarter revenue in eight years,'' Apple's chief executive, Steven P. Jobs, said.
Analysts have expected Intel to report fourth-quarter earnings of 43 cents a share on revenue of $10.6 billion.
Even so, analysts say melding NYLCare with Aetna may prove challenging, especially in light of the difficulties Aetna has had in absorbing U.S. Healthcare.
Al Goldman, chief market strategist at A. G. Edwards in St. Louis, said, ''The feeling is that Microsoft will survive and that even if the worst came to pass, the parts would be worth more than the whole.''
But yesterday's hint of a possible deal seemed to excite Digital investors -- despite the fact that many painful details would have to be ironed out -- because it held the prospect that Digital might be able to switch its customers over to Intel's chip architecture, which has become the industry standard.
A series of outside factors also played a role: the proposed merger of the Reuters agency and the Thomson Corporation changed some minds, as did a speech by the chief marketing officer for Macy's stores, in which she explained why her company was moving ad dollars to other media like TV, magazines and the Internet while she questioned the relevance of newspapers.
Interpublic's shareholders have been sorely tried since 2002, when the accounting irregularities, mostly related to bookkeeping at its largest unit, the McCann Worldgroup, were discovered.
Florida Wal-Mart Workers Stage Protest
Cases in California state court are also proceeding against Kaiser Permanente and Aetna after motions to reject the suits were dismissed.
''There have been doubters before about I.B.M.
Accordingly, there has been some speculation in the firm that Mr. Mack might select an internal candidate to sidestep the tricky issue of introducing a hard-charging executive from a competing investment bank into Morgan Stanley's prickly and sensitive culture.
Intel views the server farms as ''bit factories,'' said Gerry Parker, an executive vice president.
Citigroup Global Markets.
Mystery Grows Over Payment by Morgan Stanley
market paying price for valuing new-economy hope over profits** Since September, boom in high-tech stocks has turned into deepest bear market for technology stocks in generation, as investors worry about prospects for continued growth; Intel is down 58 percent from its high, Cisco Systems has fallen 55 percent and Lucent Technologies has dropped 80 percent; on Dec 20, stocks skid again, with Nasdaq composite index falling 178.93 points, to 2,332.78, and Dow Jones industrial average losing 265.44 points, to 10,318.93; nation's roaring economy hardly noticed last spring, when dot.com bubble burst; broad crash in tech stocks this fall is sweeping over more investors and bigger companies by far, erasing more than $3 trillion in stock market value; analysts, economists and business executives now worry that binge may take years to cure; graph (M)
''We wanted something very special for this audience; something very low key,'' said Brian Marr, Microsoft group marketing manager for Windows Vista.
A spokesman for Viacom said the aim in the compensation packages for both Mr. Dauman and Mr. Dooley was to limit cash compensation and tie most of the compensation to the performance of Viacom's stock.
That seemed less likely yesterday after Johnson & Johnson issued a press release suggesting that the deal between Guidant and Boston Scientific would greatly reduce the earnings of the merged company.
Yahoo is on the defensive in the broader fight, where Web search advertising is the biggest prize.
''The sooner the better,'' said Bryan Lamb, 27, a property manager in San Francisco, explaining why he showed up yesterday morning at Verizon Wireless's downtown store to abandon his three-year relationship with Sprint PCS.
He recalled that although AT&T initially spurned Comcast's unsolicited takeover offer in July 2001, by the end of that year the companies had agreed to a deal.
The Pentagon and Justice Department raised serious concerns about the Lockheed Martin Corporation's plan to buy the Northrop Grumman Corporation because the deal would all but eliminate competition in the manufacturing of certain radar and electronic warfare systems, senior officials said today.
The firms named in the lawsuit are J. P. Morgan Chase, Citigroup, Credit Suisse First Boston, Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, Merrill Lynch, Bank of America, Barclays Bank, Deutsche Bank and Lehman Brothers.
In our engagement letter with them, we make it clear we will not do anything illegal and they should not expect us to,'' said Joseph Rosetti, who headed up security at I.B.M.
JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America will acquire the rest and will provide the financing for the transaction.
Citigroup says it has changed lending practices at Associates since it acquired the company.
''We are able to use the platform we've been investing in for years to service their needs,'' Mr. Bezos said, referring to companies like Marks & Spencer, the British retailer, which signed on with Amazon during the quarter.
Motorola Inc's semiconductor products group is set to announce that it is developing family of multimedia components and software that will allow electronics manufacturers to rapidly design wide range of devices from postage-stamp-size core (S)
Apple Computer chief executive Steven Jobs has been participating in negotiations with executives at all major studios and wants to have deal in place by fall to add movies to its popular iTunes music store by fall; Disney, first studio to put some TV shows on iTunes, is expected to be first to put movies on Apple's online service; people involved say there are potential snags, including fears about piracy and Job's proposed price of $9.99 for movies already sold on DVD (M)
Whirlpool, nation's largest maker of home appliances, warns that its profit will be sharply lower than expected in second half of year, citing industrywide slowdown, fierce price competition and Circuit City's decision to stop selling major appliances at its retail outlets; announcement is latest blow to an industry that has been jolted by weakening housing market and changes in retail market and the Internet; analysts say distribution is a major factor in pessimism surrounding Whirlpool's stock; photo; graph (M)
After a decade-long hiatus from national advertising, the Jolly Green Giant, an 80-year-old character, returns in a campaign beginning today in print ads and broadcast commercials from General Mills.
Local union leaders at the Ford Motor Company are scheduled to meet here Tuesday to discuss a possible expansion of the employee buyout program as well as other moves the company may take to accelerate its turnaround effort.
Amgen said it was not changing its guidance for adjusted earnings for the year, which does not include the effects of a charge it will take in conjunction with the acquisition.
The Belgian health authorities ended a 10-day ban today on products of the Coca-Cola Company, permitting it to resume production in Belgium of sodas that were blamed for 249 cases of vomiting, cramps and other illnesses that shattered European confidence in the world's best-known brand.
In January, Microsoft began paying a dividend, a move investors took as more of a sign of its strong cash position than of any expectation of slower growth.
Mr. Kahl of CBS said: ''Nobody expected to be talking about 'Survivor 13' or 'Race No.
Mr. Ivester will keep an office at Coca-Cola and will be paid for consulting work for a number of years.
Charles Phillips, co-president of Oracle, told attendees at the customer conference that the Justice Department would have difficulty proving its claim that the market for business software programs that automate human resources and financial management processes is not highly competitive.
In contrast, Microsoft's player is part of an initiative aimed at pushing online services toward Microsoft's formats and packing a piece of Windows into every audio, video and information device in your home, office, pocket or purse.
Although regulations would require the combined company to offer ESPN on the same terms to other cable companies as to Comcast, Mr. Roberts may still have more to gain by raising the fees ESPN charges to other cable operators than by lowering them for Comcast.
Last month, Mr. Bryant raised guidance for the quarter, telling investors that Intel would have sales of $9.2 billion to $9.4 billion, compared with earlier projections for sales between $8.8 billion and $9.4 billion, because of improved manufacturing and lower than expected start-up costs.
Oracle insists that the market for business software is already highly competitive and likely to remain so even if it is allowed to buy PeopleSoft.
Microsoft, understandably, says a different principle is at stake.
Intel Develops A New Way To Produce Silicon Chips
Interpublic owns advertising and communications agencies that include Deutsch, Foote Cone & Belding, Initiative, McCann Erickson and Weber Shandwick.
In late composite trading, shares of Eastman Kodak fell 8.4 percent, or $5.50, to $60.
European Union regulators and Microsoft sat down for three days of closed-door hearings this month.
Yahoo's business is more stable now, she said, because the company has replaced failing dot-com advertisers with business from larger companies.
It was only the latest in a series of setbacks for Hughes, the unit of the General Motors Corporation that is the nation's largest satellite company.
They also noted that Wal-Mart had begun to insulate itself from rising fuel prices by carrying higher-price merchandise -- like $2,000 flat-screen television units -- aimed at consumers with more discretionary income.
Last year, Amgen paid $1.5 billion to buy Tularik in a move seen as a way to increase its drug discovery prowess.
U.S. Faults Depositions of Microsoft Executives
But Coke's biggest defeat certainly was the decision to replace the then 99-year-old Coca-Cola formula with New Coke on April 23, 1985.
''Aetna can virtually justify its entire stock valuation'' on these other businesses, Mr. Goulekas said, and could ''value the U.S. Healthcare acquisition at zero.''
One speaker, who said he owned 800 Interpublic shares, said a chart in the annual report tracking the share price ''only looks good if you turn it upside down.''
But Gomez's findings suggested that Amazon's problems were lingering.
Resurrecting concerns about whether managed care companies do much real managing, starting with their own businesses, Humana Inc. said yesterday that its first-quarter profit would come in well below forecasts.
Mr. Panish said that General Motors ''chose to fight the lawsuits and not spend the $8.59 it would have taken to get safer gas tanks and no fires.''
So what does the Microsoft make of the video?
While best known for his spectacular stained glass windows and lamps, which now bring hundreds of thousands of dollars at auction, Tiffany was also an accomplished landscape painter, highly successful decorator, brilliant marketer and a multifaceted designer of ceramics, jewelry, tableware, wallpaper, textiles, opalescent glass vessels, tiles and mosaics.
The Motley Fool is expected to announce today that C. Patrick Garner, a Coca-Cola Company executive, will become its new chief executive.
PeopleSoft executives said Oracle's shift in position on the J. D. Edwards deal was irrelevant.
The drug was withdrawn from the market by Merck in late September.
I.B.M.
''Microsoft is incredibly pervasive,'' said Stewart Alsop, a partner with New Enterprise Associates, a venture capital firm in Menlo Park, Calif. At the board meetings of the companies in which his firm has invested, two issues always come up, he said: ''One is the price of the company's stock, and the other is what Microsoft is going to do.''
Mr. Perik said the acquisition was still on track and would not be affected by the changes at Mattel.
Cisco Systems hires Hossein Eslambolchi away from AT&T, naming him vice president in charge of service provider businesses; photo (S)
Tom Brokaw and Peter Jennings, anchormen on NBC's and ABC's nightly news programs, are broadcasting segments from books they have written on their nightly news programs; this is part of intensifying trend in publishing industry, which by necessity is searching for new ways to grow by reaching readers through unconventional outlets or through publicity they could not afford without alliances; one of oddest corporate matches is Coca-Cola Co's campaign to give away book excerpts for six novels in 45 million packages of diet soda; Thomas B Rosenstiel, media critic, does not think ethical questions are raised about news shows being used by networks or news anchors to promote their books; photos (M)
In a move that could make it easier for record companies to sell and promote songs online, the music distributor for Wal-Mart has agreed to buy some of the assets of Liquid Audio, the troubled digital music pioneer.
This time, when Boeing demanded increased capacity, the companies were more cautious.
Most commonly, that means users who type the phrase ''airline tickets'' into a search box on Google or Yahoo will see a prominent text ad for Expedia or Travelocity, for which those companies bid more than 75 cents per click last week on Yahoo (Google does not disclose bid prices).
Coca-Cola has been in the business of making huge support payments to its bottlers.
Bernard Kouchner, the Health Minister of France, said that examiners had looked into 10 causes of people who became sick after drinking Coca-Cola, but concluded that there were no links between the illnesses and the beverage.
For most of its history, Microsoft did not pay much attention to the nation's capital.
Deutsch has worked for Pfizer since 1999, handling direct-to-consumer advertising for drugs like Bextra, Zoloft and Zyrtec, with total billings estimated at $120 million.
Microsoft Corp chairman William H Gates's obsession with digital set-top cable box he hopes will re-create computer industry by blending personal computer, Internet and television set discussed in light of Microsoft's deal to invest in AT&T as part of AT&T's acquisition of cable company Mediaone Group; Microsoft seeks monopoly on set-top box for its Windows operating system that would dwarf its PC industry monopoly; Microsoft's wealth has eroded reluctance of many in cable and phone industries to form alliances with Microsoft (M)
Many elements of the executives' pay packages are not being changed, however, including a lucrative retirement plan for John J. Dooner Jr., who was Interpublic's chairman and chief executive for only 26 months before being demoted in February.
Until yesterday analysts had said that Arcoxia had little chance of being approved because of concerns that it might have heart risks similar to Vioxx, which Merck withdrew from the market in 2004 over safety concerns.
Ford Motor Co chief executive William Clay Ford Jr says bankruptcy is not option for struggling automaker; says competition will prompt changes in business as Ford solves its financial problems in other ways; plan calls for cutting 30,000 jobs and closing 10 plants between now and 2012; Ford made his remarks in speech as Automobile Industry Action Group honors him as industry executive of year; photo (M)
And Rupert, to assure family involvement in the News Corporation, should offer Lachlan an important job with responsibility for the bottom line, reporting to nobody.
''It appears that Microsoft has carved out exemptions to protect itself in the fields it deems important for its future,'' an industry executive said.
; Christian Curry Found Trouble at Morgan Stanley
In what is known as a second request, regulators are preparing to ask Oracle to provide volumes of documents about how a combination of Oracle and PeopleSoft would affect the marketplace for business software, these people said.
''Broadband is a fat digital pipe to the home, and Microsoft desperately wants to be at end of that pipe.''
I.B.M.
He is not alone in noting Verizon's challenge.
The Studio Museum in Harlem recently received a grant of $750,000 from the Ford Foundation that depends on matching funds from individuals.
Officials of some of those companies professed only modest concern yesterday  about AT&T's move.
What's more, Microsoft, AOL's main rival in technology and Internet services, owns stakes in both AT&T and Comcast, and will wind up with a 6 percent stake in the new entity called AT&T Comcast.
Neither Microsoft nor AT&T Wireless would comment.
Neiman Marcus, luxury retail chain that owns Bergdorf Goodman, has agreed to be sold for $5 billion to group of financiers with experience in retail industry; this would be latest of host of mergers and acquisitions that are reshaping retailing industry; formal announcement of deal is set for May 2; buyers are Texas Pacific Group, firm that recently turned around J Crew, and Warburg Pincus, another private equity firm; Neiman, with 37 stores across nation, is considered gold standard for retailing industry; even as other department stores moved downscale to compete with fast-growing discounters like Target and Kohl's, Neiman successfully took opposite path: jettisoning much of its moderately priced merchandise and moving even more upscale (M)
With only a 7 percent turnover rate, Microsoft will hire 3,000 recruits this year.
Protesters take control of Nike Inc Web site and redirect visitors to site urging organizations to gather at and disrupt World Economic Forum 2000 planned for Sept 11-13 in Melbourne, Australia; Nike says its site was inaccessible for up to 7 hours; Nike site was redirected to site of organization called S11 Alliance, based in Australia; group is described as network of groups and individuals concerned about the growth of corporate power and the direction of globalization (M)
''The effect of this abusive licensing policy may be to artificially drive customers towards Microsoft server products,'' the commission said.
''This is about Microsoft trying to do everything they can to stop a competitor.''
In total dollars, General Electric was the biggest beneficiary of tax breaks, the study said, saving $6.9 billion in three years.
Both Halliburton and Dresser have branched into other fields providing oil and gas producers with what amounts to one-stop shopping in the exploration and recovery of fuels.
As part of the sale, General Electric also assumes debt of $655 million held by Greenwich and UNC.
Like many publicly traded companies, AK Steel, which makes products for cars, appliances and other uses, is the subject of a message board on Yahoo.
After two medical studies questioned the safety of its popular heart failure therapy Natrecor, the Scios unit of Johnson & Johnson turned in April to a technique government and business often use to make problems go away: it formed an outside advisory committee.
In the Bank of America conference call, Judah Kraushaar, a bank analyst at Merrill Lynch, asked Mr. Hance whether any of the bank's noninterest income designated as ''other'' included a material sale of an asset or business that would not recur in coming quarters.
A crucial goal of the settlement, originally agreed to in 2001, was to restore competition in the server market, which, at the time, Microsoft was increasingly dominating.
Frank Quattrone has never minced words about his lack of love for Morgan Stanley Dean Witter, the firm he left two years ago to head up DMG Technology Group, the technology banking arm of Deutsche Bank A.G. ''We left Morgan Stanley and showed we could do everything,'' Mr. Quattrone, an investment banker who is the group's chief executive, boasted recently.
Motorola executives said they had wanted an unfettered license, and that they were willing to pay higher royalties in return for it.
Yet even by the measure of number of visitors to its Internet sites, Microsoft trails America Online badly.
Delphi, auto parts supplier, is prepared to file for bankruptcy within days, as its chief executive of three months, Robert S Miller, has threatened to do unless General Motors, its former parent, and United Automobile Workers union agree to what would be multibillion-dollar bailout; bankruptcy filing would be painful for GM because it agreed under terms of spinoff to provide medical and pension benefits to Delphi retirees if company went bankrupt before 2007 (M)
Among the marketing programs set in motion during the first quarter was the Coca-Cola Card, which links purchases of Coca-Cola with discounts at dozens of retailers in the United States.
Johnson & Johnson had worked out that arrangement to satisfy antitrust objections.
In a statement Citigroup released, Mr. Weill apologized for some of his company's actions.
Stung by slowing personal computer sales and continuing antitrust battles, Microsoft introduced a new version of its  Windows software today, one that it hopes will help restore the company to its glory days of the 1990's.
The problem, they say, is that profits at first-tier technology companies like Cisco Systems and EMC have fallen as fast as -- or even faster than -- the companies' stocks.
To appease regulators and help restore Citigroup's reputation, Mr.
Microsoft's chairman, Bill Gates, in a speech prepared for delivery on Sunday evening at the annual Comdex computer show in Las Vegas, underscores the company's Media Center strategy; Mr. Gates describes the idea of ''seamless computing,'' emphasizing the importance of software to tie together different consumer and office systems.
Shares of Campbell rose $4.375, or 6.5 percent, to $71.875, on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday, exceeding the company's prior high of $70.50 on June 28, adjusted for stock splits.
Currently, around 25 percent of Smith Barney funds are sold through the brokerage network, and Citigroup will want a distribution deal with Legg Mason.
I.B.M.
Microsoft acquired assets of GeCAD Software, a provider of antivirus technology based in Romania, in 2003.
So have the online stores Amazon.com, Barnesandnoble.com, and Borders.com, just a year after their discounts of up to 50 percent on best-selling books escalated the price wars to a new height.
said Xerox's actions alone warranted stiff sanctions.
But the new dictionary's publishers are betting that Microsoft's commanding position in the software market can make Encarta's name and black cover even more ubiquitous.
In a report issued yesterday, Bob Hopkins, an industry analyst with Lehman Brothers, said the Guidant subpoenas might give Johnson & Johnson officials further pause on the deal.
For a while, Time Warner Cable subscribers had only 499 channels and nothing to watch.
AT&T's new campaign conjures up images from recent history.
Pfizer had planned to use the meeting with analysts yesterday to ward off concerns that its bounty of drugs under development trailed that of many of their competitors.
I.B.M.
Yahoo executives said that about 1,000 publishers are using Right Media to sell ad space on their sites.
But most analysts say that Moody's decision was a recognition that Verizon, for all its resources, is no longer head and shoulders above its peers.
Pfizer bought Pharmacia for $60 billion in late 2002, largely to gain complete control of Celebrex and Bextra, another arthritis drug.
For instance, one bottler, Coca-Cola Enterprises, announced a $5.2 billion investment plan last summer, much of which was for such equipment.
So far, Mr. Campbell, who was an early Intel executive and has since founded chip companies that include Chips and Technologies and Seeq Technology, is placing one of the largest bets yet on adaptive computing.
United Technologies makes Carrier heating and air-conditioning systems; Honeywell makes thermostats and other climate control devices.
Vioxx has never been shown to cause arrhythmias, and Merck's lawyers have made Dr. Araneta's autopsy report an important part of their defense.
Instead, Microsoft's response heavily revised the government proposal -- gutting it, in the view of some government officials.
Prince III, Citigroup's chairman and chief executive, is trying to put his own stamp on the company.
And for consumers generally, whether they now or ever subscribe to America Online or Time Warner services, yesterday's announcement is very likely to portend other mergers and alliances that could hasten the development of and availability of high-capacity information and entertainment networks.
''Microsoft is going to have to play by industry rules.''
Intel, a bellwether stock of the technology industry, earned 32 cents a share for the third quarter, compared with 30 cents a share in the year-earlier period.
Several companies cited in the report, including Boston Scientific, Medtronic and Bausch & Lomb, maintained that they had done the required studies or were in the process of doing so, and that any shortcomings must lie with the agency's administration of the program.
At best, said Mark Cooper, research director of the Consumer Federation of America, the public might benefit from seamless instant messaging across the AOL and Microsoft networks and a faster adoption of online media.
technology, or code division multiple access, which Verizon Wireless and Sprint use in the United States.
The deliberations come as MCI is under increasing pressure from some shareholders to reconsider its decision to accept Verizon's $6.75 billion cash and stock bid over Qwest's $8 billion offer.
And Hugh L. McColl Jr., who retired from Bank of America in April 2001, has the use of an office, administrative support and, for up to 150 hours a year, a company plane, according to Executive Compensation Advisory Services, a research company in Alexandria, Va.
In their complaint filed in Federal District Court in Dallas today, the Federal Government and Texas said that Aetna's acquisition of Prudential would have eliminated the competition in Houston and Dallas, ''allowing the merged entity to increase the prices and to reduce the quality'' of services.
''Immediate state action is necessary to protect consumers and ensure Microsoft does not continue to improperly collect personal information,'' the Electronic Privacy Information Center said in a letter it sent to all 50 state attorneys general.
The items billed to Tyson Foods included $38,000 in Oriental rugs and antiques, an $8,000 horse and a $15,000 London vacation; the goods were paid for either through cash advances from Tyson Foods or on three company credit cards issued in the mid-1990's to Mr. Tyson and two of his friends, the agency said.
Indeed, both Morgan Stanley and Merrill have designed new retail brokerage models around, no surprise, their brokers.
(Microsoft's MSN, which had revenue of about $1.5 billion for the fiscal year ended in June, has an average revenue per subscriber of only about $11, not enough to make the service profitable.)
(If you don't know what brand of modem is in the Mac, use the Apple System Profiler program that comes with Mac OS 9 or the More Information button on the ''About this Mac'' box under the Apple menu in Mac OS X to see what hardware and software components are inside the machine.)
In examples cited by the Government, Hasbro refused to sell Hall of Fame G.I.
The latest contributor to the trend, Motorola, plans tonight in Tokyo to announce the most powerful set of microchips yet for such receivers, which convert standard analog AM and FM broadcast signals into a digital format.
Yahoo said it had 11.4 million paying customers, up from 7 million a year ago.
Merck memos also show that another pharmaceutical company, AstraZeneca, would be asked to supply discounted or free supplies of its anti-ulcer drug, omeprazole, which the company sells as Nexium or Prilosec.
CBS charged that Mr. Stern had used ''these advertisements'' to pocket more than $200 million.
Despite America Online's assurances of continued support for open access, industry executives and public interest watchdogs fear that once it actually owns Time Warner's high-speed cable network that view may ''evolve,'' as one person close to the deal put it.
She said that while critics say 40 percent of Wal-Mart's workers do not have company health insurance, 90 percent of its employees have health benefits through some plan -- perhaps a spouse's or through state Medicaid.
As this happens, Huawei is also experiencing the same problem that Cisco complained of: intellectual property theft.
Whole Foods Chelsea will carry more organic products than do regular supermarkets and other organic markets, including meats, groceries, baby foods, pet foods, flours, grains and some prepared items.
''The I.B.M.
In the comparable quarter a year earlier, when it took big charges to reduce inventories after its cube-shaped computer sold poorly, Apple recorded a loss of $195 million.
Had the company done so, the first complaint argued, its stock price would have plunged just as Boeing was awaiting approval of its offer to buy McDonnell Douglas with Boeing shares.
Rather, he added, ''it's about engaging consumers and initiating a relationship, because when you do business with American Express, it's all about a relationship.''
Nielsen, a unit of VNU, has been the target of a coordinated and well-financed campaign by the News Corporation and black and Hispanic groups against its plans to measure ratings in big cities with electronic devices known as people meters.
CSX Corporation and its rival, Norfolk Southern Corp, increase their bids for control of Conrail and rail freight traffic in Northeast; CSX raises its friendly cash-and-stock bid for Conrail by $870 million, to $9.3 billion; Conrail directors agree not to consider takeover proposal from any other company until 1999; Norfolk Southern revises its bid: $10.5 billion cash, or $115 a share; Norfolk Southern also files suit, United States District Court, Philadelphia, seeking to dismantle lockup provision that binds Conrail to CSX for next two years (M)
Another potential obstacle to the deal is the Defense Department inspector general's investigation of whether the Air Force and Boeing engaged in anticompetitive practices while working out the tanker deal.
Still, Honeywell has not come through this year unscathed.
General Motors' China operations expect to face competition from European as well as American and Japanese manufacturers after China joins the World Trade Organization and car import duties fall.
But the stakes for both the industry and Intel, the world's largest maker of personal computer chips, are considerable all the same.
Scott Randall, who tracks semiconductor stocks and is a principal of Soundview Financial Group, says the Government must have great confidence in its case against Intel because the commission investigated the company previously, between 1991 and 1993, but took no action.
In the book, ''Competing on Internet Time: Lessons from Netscape and Its Battle with Microsoft,'' the authors, Michael A. Cusumano of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology's Sloan School of Management and David B. Yoffie of the Harvard Business School, quote a Microsoft executive as saying that only by its third version was the browser fully integrated with Windows.
Young & Rubicam Selected by AT&T
Mr. Stern said that, in contrast with CBS's claim that he had some form of ''secret agreement'' with Sirius, his departure from CBS had been widely known and publicized for 14 months before his exit.
Microsoft says its donation will help Mexico foster its national software industry by training Mexican engineers.
''If Microsoft shows up on Linux, everything would change; it would be a big enabler for Linux,'' said Michael Boiche, cofounder and chief executive of Eazel, a company designing software intended to make Linux easier to use.
Mr. Reed is now co-chief executive of Citigroup, the country's largest financial services concern and the creation of last year's merger of Citicorp and Travelers Group.
''We've turned the corner on reducing congestion,'' said Richard Davidson, chairman of the parent Union Pacific Corporation.
In his statement, Mr. Fisher, Kodak's chief, insisted that while the company would continue to make significant investments in digital imaging, emerging markets and Advantix, it would temper that with a ''significant reduction in the company's cost structure.''
In a move to quell criticism of its huge trade surplus with the United States, China agreed to let the Big Three automakers send it about 15,000 cars and trucks over the next couple of years as well as more than $1 billion in parts from General Motors, the companies said Wednesday.
Mr. Reid, an operations division manager for United Parcel Service Inc. in Salt Lake City, got to where he is by getting things done, and he has  not always been sympathetic, he says, to requests from employees for time off to tend to family matters.
Amazon.com is the top online advertiser so far this holiday season, according to a report that is to be released today by AdRelevance in New York, part of Jupiter Media Metrix, which reported that Amazon had occupied the No.
Tor Sirset, a 36-year-old Mattel marketing director dressed in a sweater vest with the gold seal of the Hogwarts School, held a quivering broom in his hand as he looked across a darkened room filled with toy store buyers.
Indeed, the Goldman Sachs index of steel companies was up 40 percent last year, with many of the stocks hitting record highs.
Steven Sinofsky, senior vice president for Microsoft Office at Microsoft, said: ''Given the global impact of the 'I Love You' virus and the growing threat of malicious hackers, we strongly believe we must take the unprecedented step of limiting certain popular functionality in Outlook to provide a significant, additional security option for our customers.
With the addition of Pharmacia's pipeline of products in development, Pfizer plans to file for the approval of 20 new products the next five years.
AOL Time Warner changes name to Time Warner; chief executive Richard D Parsons says change is intended to end any confusion between corporate name and America Online brand name; company's stock ticker symbol will change to TWX from AOL (M)
Correction:  August 12, 2004, Thursday  A Commercial Real Estate article in Business Day yesterday about a new Home Depot store on West 23rd Street in Manhattan misidentified the building's owner and misstated the roles of two real estate services firms that brokered the store's lease.
To oppose A.T.& T. and expand his service, he knew, would require more money.
Stuart Elliott Advertising column on Saatchi & Saatchi which, struggling to recover from resignation of 17 employees who worked for client General Mills, has convinced Young & Rubicam creative director Ann Hayden to help rebuild team; photo (M)
The former chairman of AOL Time Warner, Stephen M. Case, who stepped down this month, often clashed with Mr. Gates, Microsoft's equally combative chairman.
Mixed Day for Coca-Cola in European Illness Scare
For Wal-Mart, China represents an opportunity to tap a vast and fast-growing market abroad at a time when the company's sales are lagging elsewhere and it has run into obstacles to expansion at home.
Boeing to Increase Cuts in 747 Production
Correction:  July 20, 2001, Friday  An article in Circuits on July 12 about Apple Computer's new retail stores misstated the history of the company's relationship with several retailers.
And though Kodak's digital cameras sell well, cameras are not where it makes most of its money.
Technology Briefing
Citigroup was picked as the sole financial adviser to Whyte & Mackay after Mr. Mallya made an unsolicited offer for the company last year.
Investors fear surprises above all else, and while many telecommunications concerns have revised their financial estimates recently or have missed their goals altogether, AT&T's core telecommunications operations appear to be more or less on track to reach the modest 2002 goals that the company outlined three months ago.
A Boeing spokeswoman declined to comment on the negotiations.
The only Internet-based company to rank in the top five was Amazon.com; the top five were: Microsoft.com, Amazon.com, IBM.com, WalMart.com, Intel.com and Coke.com.
Many of the town's 5,500 residents cannot get broadband Internet access from the providers in the area, Verizon and Pine Tree Cable, even though communities nearby have had the service for years.
In addition, BBN Hark is expected to announce today that AT&T has licensed its software as part of a new "virtual call center" for Avis Inc.
The company generated 12,000 pages of technical documentation, but the commission was not satisfied and filed a new lawsuit against Microsoft in December, accusing it of failing to supply the information the commission had demanded and of charging too much for the data it was offering.
But since Intel is the sole source for the chips, Federal Judge Edwin L. Nelson ruled in the Intergraph case last month that Intel was an ''essential facility, similar to electrical power'' and therefore did not have the right to supply crucial information to some companies but not to others.
''I think it was a great building year for News,'' David DeVoe, the chief financial officer, said in a conference call with reporters.
Verizon's largest union announced a tentative agreement yesterday with Verizon Wireless for a bargaining unit representing 51 workers.
But Wal-Mart is special.
not to comment on their request for information regarding our marketing activities in the domain name business,'' a VeriSign spokesman said.
The Gap as a whole had double-digit or high single-digit sales increases through much of 2003 and the first half of 2004, and the stock hit a high of $25.66 in June.
Citigroup's exposure to Enron is less than half the $2.6 billion owed to J. P. Morgan Chase, which wrote off $456 million of Enron trading losses and loans in the quarter.
There used to be an aura of integrity attached to Morgan Stanley's name.
Mr. Bourgeois was not attending the Microsoft hearing.
''A lot of brands right now are seeing that their general advertising, especially with the advent of TiVo, consumers are able to skip,'' said Michael Davis, vice president and director for broadcast and interactive at Draft in Chicago, part of the Interpublic Group of Companies.
For Intel, the deal might provide access to some designs worth borrowing and some Digital customers worth courting, while helping avoid potentially protracted patent litigation.
''It demonstrates that they do still have some technology franchise value, and that they can still commercialize a product,'' said Anthony M. Maramarco, managing director of the David L. Babson Company, an investment company that holds Xerox shares.
Pfizer has done experiments in which volunteers who took drugs were injected with radioactive tracers and given PET scans to see if the drugs were reaching their expected targets in the body.
CBS Radio and XM Satellite Radio are in talks to replace David Lee Roth, the morning host on seven CBS stations, with Opie and Anthony, the foulmouthed talk team that has been marquee talent on XM for the last 18 months, according to executives at both companies.
In a development that could hasten the end of the strike by more than 86,000 employees of Verizon Communications, the company and its unions resolved an issue at the heart of their dispute yesterday, people close to the talks said.
Microsoft's political action committee made $9,000 in contributions to Mr. Ashcroft's Senate re-election campaign.
In a move that is expected to have a significant impact on the role of technology in university education, the Microsoft Corporation and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology will announce today a partnership to develop educational technologies.
Mr. Jobs, Apple's chief executive and impresario, pointed to a conference table with just four computers on it.
For now, at least, the move by Wal-Mart, which accounts for 37 percent of the country's video sales, is likely to make the larger splash.
Pfizer has sued the agency over that approval, too.
But at Bank of America, the entire private bank will be under the U.S. Trust/Bank of America brand.
Wal-Mart Profit Falls a Bit Short
Mr. Stewart said he was training Raytheon's procurement officers to use the Exostar Web site, an online marketplace for buyers and sellers in the military and aerospace industries.
In the third quarter, for example, Yahoo's online advertising and marketing revenue rose nearly 50 percent, to $245.1 million from the previous year.
On Thursday, United Healthcare reported an unexpected $900 million charge in its second quarter, causing its stock to plunge 28 percent, to $37.875.
For its part, Comcast has remained silent since setting events in motion with its $44.5 billion offer.
Starbucks, which operates 309 stores in Canada, shrugs off the threat from the north.
released a statement: ''I.B.M.
The deal would edge Bank of America closer to Citigroup in size, with $933 billion in assets compared with $1.2 trillion for Citigroup.
Boeing also said that in early 2000 it would cut production of the single-aisle 757 to four airplanes a month from five a month and production of the wide-body 767 to 3.5 a month from four a month.
The move marks the first time since the breakup of AT&T 10 years ago that two of the regional Bell companies have tried to form an alliance on this scale.
Patients taking the anemia drugs in those trials and in some others also experienced higher levels of life-threatening blood clots, prompting Johnson & Johnson to stop some clinical trials of Procrit last fall.
TBWA/Chiat/Day continues to handle Apple; the agency lost the Taco Bell account to FCB Southern California in Irvine, Calif., part of the FCB Worldwide unit of True North Communications.
Fred Bernstein article on ethics of Amazon.com urging its customers to resell their used books through Amazon; notes Authors Guild opposes strategy because authors make no money on resales; compares his experiences with reselling books to used bookstore and online; drawing (M)
Developer James F Jacoby and American International Group construct Atlantic Station in inner-city Atlanta, Ga; desolate 138-acre former stell mill site will contain 6.5 million square feet of office space, 1.4 million square feet of retail stores and entertainment centers, three hotels and 2,500 homes; photo; map (M)
Although Microsoft has generally been perceived to be trailing in Internet commerce systems, the company yesterday offered Biztalk, a new language, or a set of conventions, that it said would help draw together disparate business practices and electronic commerce technologies via the Internet.
''From I.B.M.
FLYING CHEAPER -- Companies in the United States are paying the lowest average air fares for their employees since 1999, according to data from Eclipse Advisors, an American Express subsidiary that compiles a survey called the Business Travel Monitor.
In recent days, the company, Aetna/US Healthcare, has been informing doctors that it will no longer provide reimbursements for the treatment -- bone marrow transplants for women with breast cancer -- for its 1.6 million members.
But a person close to the commission said today that a smaller package of Honeywell divestments would require market testing -- or sounding out competitors -- and would therefore be unacceptable.
It aims to popularize the new business jet, a modified version of a Boeing 737 that can fly more than 6,000 nautical miles.
Mr. Schmidt said Google would try different formats for advertisements in its test with Viacom.
The Justice Department had already recommended approval of the merger last month, signing a new consent decree with AT&T that prohibits the company from using its power as a main supplier of cellular communications equipment to discriminate against its rivals.
Qwest Communications raises its offer for MCI by 9 percent, to $30 a share, in its latest effort to wrestle control from Verizon Communications; offer is $2.2 billion, or 30 percent, higher than Verizon's; Qwest says its new offer is its 'best and final' bid; asks MCI's board to respond by April 23 at 5 pm, East Coast time (M)
It was becoming rapidly clear that Time Warner was badly losing the public relations war, though both sides were suffering to some degree.
A person close to the negotiations between Citigroup and F.T.C.
Industry analysts say Microsoft Corp's rise to dominance also means that company must modify its corporate culture and behavior in ways William H Gates and his staff do not fully grasp; Microsoft is not target of antitrust scrutiny because its Windows software controls PC market, but because Microsoft sought to force PC makers to load Microsoft Internet Explorer browser as condition of licensing its Windows operating system; dominant company is less free than most companies to sign exclusive deals with distributors; Microsoft continues to act like underdog, which it definitely is not (M)
Though Skype's revenue is expected to grow to about $200 million in 2006, from an estimated $60 million this year, eBay does not expect Skype -- which gives its basic PC-to-PC service away free -- to turn a profit until the fourth quarter next year.
Noah Hanft, MasterCard's general counsel, said, ''I don't see how American Express's interests would be aligned with other card companies whom they're competing against.''
Although Intel will not divulge its average selling price per chip, an industry source estimates it at $200.
A.T.& T. officials refused to say how much they were investing in the new venture.
Intel, in Surprise, Reports Its Sales Won't Meet Goals
The announcement did not give a date for the debut of the new Yahoo Mail release.
Mr. Allaire has also attacked Xerox's attitude toward its markets.
Microsoft's product already has one thing other browsers do not: name recognition.
New customer survey data from the research firm In-Stat/MDR suggests that Verizon Wireless is least vulnerable to a customer exodus.
But even without the documentary evidence to debate, people close to Oracle and those close to Microsoft offered different versions of the timing of the talks and how they started.
At a minimum, they say, Microsoft could be prevented from using its Windows dominance by giving favored placement to Microsoft's own on-line offerings or to those of its preferred business partners.
When Steve Case of America Online announced his purchase this week of Time Warner, he listed the new company's activities in the following order: First there was entertainment.
It had tin roofs and lots of airy spaces, and was very isolated; you could barely see the land on the other side of the Amazon River.
Looked at that way, Amazon paid just 62 cents a share in cash for its Ashford stake.
Mr. Strauss raised his estimate of Morgan Stanley's earnings 20 percent last month, to $2.10 a share, only to be topped by 35 percent.
contends that Intel, the world's largest chip maker, bullied dozens of computer makers, retailers and distributors by threatening to retaliate against them if they did business with A.M.D.
This attack, embedded in the worm, will cause computers that are still infected and that are connected to the Internet to automatically visit the Microsoft site, in an attempt to create a traffic jam of visitors.
Jeffrey Katzenberg, chief executive of DreamWorks Animation, said that his company would produce original animation for some McDonald's commercials.
''Pfizer has cooperated fully with the government to resolve this matter, which did not involve Pfizer practices or employees,'' the company said.
Osama bin Laden, according to Fox News Channel anchors, analysts and correspondents, is ''a dirtbag,'' ''a monster'' overseeing a ''web of hate.''
Microsoft had also proposed to file an appeal of 56,000 words, four times what the court normally allows.
Intel plans to release its first mainstream desktop PC chip based on the new architecture next week, slightly sooner than expected.
Under fire from well-organized opponents who have hammered the retailer with criticisms of its wages, health insurance and treatment of workers, Wal-Mart has quietly recruited former presidential advisers, including Michael K. Deaver, who was Ronald Reagan's image-meister, and Leslie Dach, one of Bill Clinton's media consultants, to set up a rapid-response public relations team in Arkansas.
But Procter will promote the book on Beinggirl.com, a Web site directed at adolescent girls that has games, advice on handling puberty and, yes, makeup tips.
But I.B.M.
For example, Yahoo hosts 1,000 ''Survivor'' fan clubs, all of which will feature ads for ''Survivor'' content on the Platinum service, he said.
But James McQuivey, the research director of Forrester Research, which did the survey in partnership with the National Retail Federation, said that the survey data was hard to interpret and that Amazon's results seemed to him about in line with where he thought the industry was.
Study by Harbour & Associates shows big difference in labor productivity between American and Japanese auto makers in 1980's, then matter of considerable dismay in US, has been sharply reduced by Ford Motor Co, but General Motors and DaimlerChrysler still lag; says Ford has cut gap in half, and has nearly eliminated it, if Ford's huge costs for retired workers are excluded; holds Ford factories are now almost as efficient and in some case more so than Japanese-owned factories in North America, which in turn are almost as efficient as Japanese company factories at home (M)
A spokeswoman for Express Scripts declined to comment.
Soon after that speech, with the company's stock price in the doldrums because of its struggles with agricultural biotechnology, Monsanto itself ended its existence as an independent company.
Of course, even if someone at Motorola did think up a new hit phone tomorrow, it would take at least 18 months for the product to reach the market.
Microsoft Corp, fighting to defeat government's proposal to break up company, plans to ask trial Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson next week for broad authority to obtain hundreds of pages of government records on case, and for permission to summon witnesses to argue that proposal is unwarranted and out of bounds; Government officials call company's action stalling tactic, possibly intended to delay ruling until next administration takes office; Microsoft denies intent, and outside experts note company might not gain any particular advantage from a delay (M)
Verizon Communications asked a federal judge yesterday to stay his court order requiring the company to disclose the identity of an Internet subscriber to the Recording Industry Association of America.
And they can do so simply, just by switching their cellphone or buying some of the clothing that's part of the Red line,'' Bill Gates, the Microsoft chairman who has made fighting AIDS a center of his own philanthropy, said in an e-mail message.
A few years ago, for example, Intel's main trial lawyer, Robert E. Cooper, beat David Boies, the Justice Department's marquee lawyer in the Microsoft trial, in a predatory-price-fixing case brought by Continental Airlines and Northwest Airlines against American Airlines.
One Hotel's Fight to the Finish; At the Marriott, a Portal to Safety as the Towers Fell
And the development of the 7E7, to take place over the next several years, will become even more paramount because Boeing will rely on it to capture the market for 250-seat planes.
It was Microsoft Media Server, not Media Player.
As expected, there was a pretax charge of $17.5 million, or 20 cents a share, in the fourth quarter to cover costs related to the loss of the giant account of the Chrysler Group unit of DaimlerChrysler to units of BBDO Worldwide, part of the Omnicom Group in New York.
According to the regulatory filing, payments to Marriott that Courtyard by Marriott II expects to halt include a part of the base management fee and all incentive and ground rent fees -- its core fees to Marriott.
I.B.M.
Procter & Gamble's sales in its recently completed second quarter, for example, rose 7 percent.
Even as I.B.M.
Thus General Motors has invested heavily in its site, which is filled with detailed information about G.M.
It cannot be done, Microsoft replied yesterday, any more than the company could comply with the Justice Department's earlier position that all Internet Explorer files could be removed without damaging Windows.
After the dot-com collapse, both Yahoo and MSN hired new heads of advertising sales with backgrounds in traditional media who apologized for the excesses of the past and started to rebuild their business.
Intel Corp begins selling four new microprocessors that use lss power than its current laptop chips; new Intel chips include two new Pentium III's, one using less than 1 volt of power, and two Celerons, all running at speeds of 600 to 750 megahertz; marketing director Donald McDonald comments (S)
Yahoo closed the books on a tough year yesterday, reporting that its sales rebounded in the fourth quarter from an especially sluggish third quarter and promising investors that it would soon turn on technology that it hoped would close the widening gap with Google.
AT&T is splitting itself into four companies, a process that includes selling assets to raise cash and pay down debt.
John S. May, Verizon's associate general counsel for labor and employment law, said all of the union's accusations were untrue.
The announcement reflects I.B.M.
Last month, Vornado paid $542 million, or about $1,009 a square foot, for 350 Park Avenue, a 30-story office building between 51st Street and 52nd Street in Manhattan.
The recording industry has already succeeded in slowing the arrival of Apple's iTunes music download service to Japan through its reluctance to negotiate licensing deals, people in the industry said.
Ford Motor Co and its auto parts spinoff, Visteon Corp, will establish more than 30 centers nationwide to meet range of needs of workers and retirees, including child care, recreation programs for teenagers and book clubs; program grows out of contract signed in 1999 with United Auto Workers, which says the centers will further its cradle-to-grave philosophy of having contracts provide not just higher wages, but a panoply of services to improve lives of workers and their families (M)
But company executives have hinted that Apple has at least one bigger idea on tap.
Pursued by two suitors, Normandy Mining continued to back the takeover bid it received from Newmont Mining, which trumped a bid from AngloGold.
Indeed, in the most recent quarter, Amazon's combined book, music and video business in the United states made a $10 million profit based on sales of $385 million.
Under its legendary chairman, Thomas J. Watson Jr., who held sway from the 1950's through 1971, I.B.M.
But after Interpublic's choice to run Frontier, Mark Stewart, left to join a media agency owned by the Omnicom Group, Church & Dwight left for a media agency owned by the WPP Group.
Focus, a unit of Omnicom Group in Dallas formerly known as Focus GTE, has been awarded three accounts with combined billings estimated at $60 million.
The patent holder, Pfizer Inc., loath to give up rights to the drug, Norvasc, with its worldwide sales of $3.8 billion last year, had announced that it would take the challenge to a higher court.
To cite one example, Microsoft contends that its industry-standard Windows operating system and its Internet Explorer browser are a single integrated product.
James R. Cantalupo, Chief of McDonald's, Is Dead at 60
Johnson & Johnson paid $2.4 billion for Scios, partly because of the promise of Natrecor, a cardiac hormone that dilates vessels so less blood pools in the heart and lungs.
Eastman Kodak Co, officially acknoledging that era of soaring sales and huge profits from film is gone, will concentrate on bolstering its digital businesses and will cut its dividend by more than two-thirds to finance effort; says sales, which were $12.8 billion last year, will be $16 billion by 2006; adds much of growth will come from acquisitions and that ever-shrinking percentage will come from conventional photography; company's shares drop 18 percent, to $22.15, on word of dividend cut (M)
I.B.M.
An article in Business Day yesterday about PeopleSoft's rejection of the latest takeover offer from Oracle misstated the name of an economics consulting firm whose chief investment officer said many stockholders were waiting as long as possible to tender their PeopleSoft shares in case a better offer came along.
She turned to her father, Gerald A. Abood, 55, a senior director at the Wisconsin Electric Power Company in Milwaukee.
The first the public in general knew of the scare, which eventually led to a total 10-day ban on Coca-Cola products in Belgium and spread alarms across Europe, was on June 8 after more than 30 teen-age school-children in the town of Bornem were taken to the hospital complaining of stomachaches, dizziness and nausea.
Halliburton's contract calls for the government to cover costs and pay a profit margin of 2 percent to 7 percent, which would bring the price of gasoline to $1.62 to $1.70 a gallon.
But this time, viewing is on Viacom's terms.
In a news release with the 8-K, Interpublic said it would be able, ''barring unforeseen circumstances,'' to meet a Sept. 30 deadline it had previously set to file delayed financial reports, including results from the last six quarters.
''We're going to be looking to what are the overseas opportunities to sell F-15s and F/A-18s and what kind of partnerships we can do with other countries,'' said Dan Beck, a spokesman for the military business of Boeing.
''A banner ad with Hot Media can get loaded in the browser and running with only a 15K download,'' said Bill Pence, director of development for I.B.M.
Over the previous 10 years, Allstate had signed up about 9,000 independent contractors among more than 15,000 agents.
Kodak could create a separate Kodak Technology brand to pursue nonphotography businesses.
But most industry analysts expect Microsoft to eventually fold search software into Windows.
And having corporate connections did the journalists of Time Warner little good with this singular news event.
World Wide Web Consortium takes unusual step of urging US Patent and Trademark Office director James E Rogan to invalidate software patent that group says threatens development of World Wide Web; group's move puts it squarely behind Microsoft in patent-infringement lawsuit that company is losing so far; federal jury ruled against Microsoft in August and awarded $521 million to former University of California researcher Michael Doyle who holds patent Web consortium now wants revoked; Web group says patent was improperly granted (M)
Morgan Stanley had arranged to buy $2.3 billion in commercial paper, or short-term debt from Lucent, which it planned to swap for new shares of Agere.
As the hearing continued this evening, Mr. Levin suggested that a transaction with Enron called Roosevelt provided evidence of Citigroup's role in cloaking Enron's true financial condition.
In trading yesterday, FirstEnergy bonds were sharply lower, but not so much as to indicate that bond investors thought the company was in imminent danger.
As the two sides sparred for years in the lawsuit, Microsoft officials estimated that the plaintiffs would receive less than $10 million, while the plaintiffs' lawyers predicted an award in the hundreds of millions.
The service will go live on March 29, said Julie Herendeen, the Yahoo vice president overseeing Yahoo 360, but will be available only to Yahoo users who are invited to test it.
Mr. Thomson, a former consultant who also worked as a top executive in the firm's asset management division, is embracing his job change, executives at Citigroup say.
In a broader sense, the issue involves the means for gaining access to information through a personal computer -- and whether the primary means for doing so will continue to be the desktop operating system software that Microsoft dominates, or through Internet-based software like Netscape's.
And Intel made a series of missteps last year that led it to cancel big projects, reorganize the company and change its development strategy.
An e-mail message sent to customers last week, for example, sounded an increasingly desperate tone as it described Priceline's ''first ever airline ticket sale.''
Robust pace of auto sales slows in September, causing fresh round of big incentives from Ford Motor Co and General Motors and debate from Wall Street about industry's outlook; industry sales rise 3.2 percent compared with September 2001, but fall sharply from strong pace this year; General Motors, where sales fall 12.8 percent, says it will offer no-interest 60-month loans on most of its 2003 passenger cars and minivans; Ford, whose sales are up 3.2 percent, also announces new incentives; DaimlerChrysler's sales rise 18 perent from year earlier; company is weighing its own incentive package; graph (M)
One retail expert, Burt Flickinger III, said Procter had created some of its own problems, particularly in Latin America and Europe, which Mr. Jager identified as highly competitive markets where the company had not done as well as it expected.
By March 15, he and Wit had concluded that $7 a share was indeed a fair price for Staples.com, based on its estimated revenue for 2001 and 2002 and potential cash flow from 2001 to 2005.
Earthlink did agree to share with Time Warner a percentage of revenue it received from advertising and to give Time Warner space for content and ads on its home page.
EPA develops prototype diesel engine that meets tough new emission standards to be phased in over next few years in US, and Ford Motor says technology is promising enough for it to enter agreement with agency to try to develop it for use in its cars and trucks (M)
A.T.& T. also said yesterday that it would change the way it reported its revenue, resulting in a rise of more than 40 percent in 1991 revenue.
The purchase, the largest ever by Electronic Arts, signifies an aggressive move into the relatively new mobile-game business.
A.T.& T. In a Deal In Japan
Intel Plans to Introduce 2 New Microprocessors
Allstate said it hopes to help customers obtain coverage from other insurance companies.
All its brokerage customers will be able to deposit checks, research stocks, get a consultation or meet with their broker, people close to Morgan Stanley said.
Target is taking more than 23,000 square feet of ad space on nine signs on the exterior of the lower floors of the skyscraper at 7 Times Square, also known as Times Square Tower, which opened in April.
The provision, which primarily benefits General Dynamics and Northrop Grumman, would allow shipbuilders to postpone their taxes for years on profits from building ships and submarines for the Navy.
As leverage, the suit said, Intel refused to give Intergraph the product data books that set out the specifications for Intel's Pentium II family of microprocessors.
Boyd Group chairman Michael Boyd says soaring oil prices are likely to be boon for aircraft manufacturers who are producing new fuel-efficient planes, address to group's annual industry outlook conference, Denver; traffic on regional airlines was up 28.1 percent in second quarter of 2004; average passenger trip-length for regional airlines in quarter was 417 miles, up 10.4 percent over period last year; online hotel check-in has arrived; customers at Radisson Hotels and Resorts in US can check in to their rooms on Internet as early as seven days before arrival; Boeing says it has five new commitments for orders for its top-of-the-line Boeing Business Jets; American Airlines cuts its business fares from select US cities to dozens of destinations in Caribbean, Mexico and Latin America; photo (Memo Pad column) (M)
When I.B.M.
Gerard R. Roche, the senior chairman of Heidrick & Struggles who helped bring Mr. Nardelli to Home Depot, has adjusted some of the advice he now gives boards.
Adobe officials said the company had pushed the government to arrest Mr. Sklyarov because it felt that it was unlikely to succeed in a civil lawsuit against the Moscow company he worked for, ElcomSoft.
Chart/Photos: ''Thinking Outside The Box''  Arthur M. Blank, who took over as chief executive of Home Depot last year, is counting on the company's growth to come mostly from building more ''big box'' do-it-yourself stores.
The agreement, Mr. Gates said, carried a message that ''Microsoft is focused on the future of digital rights management.''
Microsoft executives said that their critics were complaining because they are in danger of being left behind by the Microsoft-I.B.M.
Consider Time Warner's own experience.
By investing $1 billion in Comcast, Microsoft and Comcast could collaborate to expand @Home's services and turn it into a more formidable delivery system for on-line material.
That switch has made it much easier for McDonald's to implement its program, which also includes an overall reduction in antibiotic use.
The Boeing Company announced yesterday that weakening demand in Asia would force it to cut production of its wide-body jets even deeper than the company had previously indicated, resulting in further job cuts.
In Britain, too, Mr. Murdoch, the chairman of B Sky B and, through the News Corporation, in control of just over one-third of its stock, is coming out on top.
Record 21 million vehicles are subject of safety-related recalls in 2000; safety experts say this may be positive development, since each recall indicates attempt to fix some sort of safety defect; chart with information on year's 10 largest recalls, involving models from General Motors, DaimlerChrysler and Ford Motor Co; photos (M)
Michael L. Mayo, an analyst with Prudential Securities, said last week that Citigroup could wind up paying $10 billion to resolve the lawsuits over Enron, WorldCom and analysts' conflicts of interest.
Aetna, the nation's biggest health insurer, said yesterday that it was restating earnings for seven quarters of 1998 and 1999 at the request of the Securities and Exchange Commission.
More recently, however, I.B.M.
Still, I.B.M.
Manufacturing has borne brunt of economic slowdown that began in fall, and most companies are bracing for worse to come; while production has fallen slightly since early summer, overall stagnation obscures widely different patterns in various industries; most of America's industrial leaders are eliminating overtime, putting freeze on hiring, scaling back new investment and shrinking number of jobs at their companies; actions could result in full-blown recession; strategies in specific industries and at specific companies, including Kohler Co, Motorola, Fluor Corp and Goodman Equipment Corp discussed; graph; photos (M)
Hasbro is dismissing Griffin Bacal in New York, one of three agencies that had created games ads, and consolidating the assignment at the two other agencies, Grey Worldwide in New York, part of the Grey Global Group, and Jordan McGrath Case & Partners/Euro RSCG in New York, part of the Euro RSCG Worldwide unit of Havas Advertising.
Industrial giants like General Electric, BP and Ford seek to prove their environmental bona fides in order to impress investors, maintain public images and win competitive advantage, but they also have their eyes on profit potential of green technologies; photos (L)
leaders of effort are coming to Detroit to meet with Ford Motor Co chairman-chief executive William Clay Ford Jr; will also meet with executive of General Motors; National Religious Partnership for Environment executive director Paul Gorman comments; leaders of many groups within partnership have signed letter to Big Three's chief executives asking for improvements in fuel economy; photo (M)
filed briefs against Nike's position, while the Chamber of Commerce and the American Civil Liberties Union of Northern California supported Nike.
He joined Mattel in 1985 and ran boys' toys when Ms. Barad was in charge of girls' toys.
Michael Schauseil, the telecommunications manager at Blue Cross and Blue Shield, said his company benefited from the competition because it renegotiated its contract with Frontier just after Time Warner and AT&T gained permission to enter the market.
''It boils down to our desire to have a stable economic and political environment in which to operate, and to stimulate the local economy,'' said Philip L. Meek, president of Chevron Munaigas, Chevron's Kazakhstan operation.
Wal-Mart was also ranked 14th on a list of Canada's 50 best employers compiled by Hewitt Associates, a human resources consulting firm, and published by The Globe and Mail newspaper in Toronto.
''Microsoft has used its operating system as a marketing vehicle to the disadvantage of the customers,'' said a column in the German business daily Handelsblat.
As FCB bids farewell to Amazon, the agency will soon greet a larger client, Samsung, the South Korean maker of products ranging from microwave ovens to cellular phones to flat-screen monitors.
Technology experts contend that operating systems like Microsoft's Windows Vista and Apple's Max OS X Leopard will be replaced by collection of Web-based software services accessible by variety of devices; Google, Yahoo and and smaller start-up companies are expected to be at forefront of next wave of computing while products from traditional software companies increasingly reflect Internet's influence; software engineers Steven Sinofsky of Microsoft and Bertrand Serlet at Apple lead efforts; photo (M)
The lawyers concluded that they could use the Chapter 11 proceedings of Harbison-Walker, which had collapsed under the weight of its asbestos liability, to lay the foundation for the Halliburton settlement.
Regardless of the outcome of the SCO-I.B.M.
The funds appeared to have won a reprieve after executives at Bear Stearns Asset Management told creditors that they had lined up $500 million in new capital from a consortium led by Citigroup and Barclays, the British bank,  according to a  person who had been briefed but was not authorized to speak publicly.
Aetna's stock reached a 12-month high of $42.69 a share in early January.
Instead of expanding the share of the market that used computers based on the Macintosh system, the decision to license clones simply ate into Apple's own sales of hardware, he said.
Nevertheless, many industry analysts say that Mr. Young also deserves lots of credit for the turnaround at General Motors do Brasil.
So Yahoo is placing most of the advertising for its new search on other sections of its own site.
ChevronTexaco's vice chairman, Peter Robertson, said that the two sides had agreed on ''a funding plan that would provide for the diverse financial needs of the partners.''
MindShare has worked for American Express since the agency was founded in 1998; before that, the American Express media agency was Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide, whose media operations were combined with those of J. Walter Thompson to form MindShare.
Timothy M. Ghriskey, a Connecticut money manager, had been thinking of buying FedEx shares.
Last year, of the 10 top-selling video games, 5 were sequels in the Electronic Arts sports franchises, 3 were licensed Star Wars titles and another was based on Pokémon, according to the NPD Group.
Yahoo Inc is expected to acquire Geocities Co, popular Internet site; executives will not comment on price that Yahoo will pay (M)
Verizon contends that the law was meant to apply only to material that subscribers post on Web sites that reside on computers controlled by Internet providers.
Yusuf Mehdi, the Microsoft corporate vice president who manages MSN and its search effort, said he was encouraged that Yahoo's share of searches in the United States increased over the last year.
Real Simple is the name of the publication that the People Magazine Group of Time Inc. in New York, owned by Time Warner Inc., plans to introduce in late March.
Meanwhile, an automated phone message from Comcast told me that if I hadn't already run the software disc from the transition kit, I should download a different installation program from a Web site.
By offering travelers a consistent, dependable and safe night's rest, the Marriott chain quickly surpassed more established competitors.
Some analysts see signs that computer market is becoming saturated, turning into a 'replacement' market; some say computer market might begin taking on the cyclical and seasonal traits typical of other industries; other analysts say it is simply too soon to read anything into warnings about lighter than expected demand issued by Intel, Apple and Dell; graph (M)
It quoted the judge as saying ''Microsoft did not actually prevent users from obtaining and using Navigator.''
In the last couple of years, Boeing fell behind Airbus in the number of planes delivered to airlines.
Analysts said Boeing's setback was heightened by investor angst over its union squabble.
Mr. Gerstner said that I.B.M.
The Northrop Grumman review began after Northrop acquired Litton Industries.
learning of Microsoft's arrival at Wunderman or I.B.M.
Apple Says Quarterly Profit Won't Meet Expectations
And last month, Microsoft released an updated version of its Windows XP Tablet PC operating system that offers improved handwriting recognition, addressing one of the chief complaints about the earlier version.
On Wednesday Cisco and Huawei announced an agreement to suspend the lawsuit for six months.
The transaction is expected to mean perhaps hundreds of layoffs at the combined Raytheon and Hughes companies, whose stated aim is to become a more efficient competitor for a shrinking number of weapons contracts.
Kodak must establish a better link between Ofoto and photo retailers.
After falling 16.5 percent last year, Bank of America's stock has rebounded with almost a 9.5 percent gain this year, through yesterday.
That drop came after the bank's shares fell by $14.125 on Monday, after it was disclosed that Berkshire Hathaway, the holding company controlled by the investor Warren E. Buffett, had sold 300,000 of its Wells Fargo shares.
As an enticement to Caremark shareholders, Express Scripts said it would pay an additional 6 percent a year on the cash portion of its offer, which was announced in December.
The finding that Merck had failed to warn of the drug's dangers was the only unanimous vote.
The litigation has driven down the price of Halliburton's stock.
The traditional telephone market is dominated by the two biggest regional Bell companies: SBC, which took over Pacific Bell and still provides service under that name, and Verizon, which acquired GTE.
That means Polo Ralph Lauren will not design Club Monaco merchandise or try to improve the bottom line by combining back-room operations like distribution or purchasing, although Mr. Lauren did say executives at his company felt Club Monaco would benefit from their experience in sourcing overseas and in brand building.
Ms. Druyun, who was vice president and deputy general manager of the company's missile-defense business, is also being investigated by the Defense Department's inspector general over accusations that she gave proprietary financial data to Boeing about a competing aerial tanker bid from Airbus while she was still an Air Force official.
In trading yesterday, shares of Boeing rose $2.125, to $33.0625.
In a motion seeking disclosure of the drafts of reports to determine whether the utilities had a hand in editing them, the attorney general, Lisa Madigan, said that Moody's and S.& P. had ''issued warnings and downgrades seemingly right on cue to promote the interests of the utilities and their parent companies.''
In last spring's elections, Sky Italia played a subtle yet effective role by offering itself as a third-party news alternative to Italy's traditional stations, which are notoriously beholden to Italy's various political forces.
Time Warner executives have maintained Disney made new demands after America Online announced its plan to merge with Time Warner.
In the past, Microsoft's leaders  repeatedly said there was a ''church and state'' separation within the company between the Windows group and the others that develop applications programs like Office.
Signings of new services contracts were lower than analysts expected, raising questions about growth prospects of a business that now accounts for roughly half of I.B.M.
Consolidated Edison starts advertising campaign in New York City to encourage its customers to continue using utility as effects of deregulation become apparent in next few years (S)
In Intel Inquiry, U.S. Regulators Send a Message
At the Palo Alto Research Center of Xerox during the 1970's, he led a small research team focused on a programming language known as Smalltalk that was developed on a prototype personal computer called the Alto.
In its April earnings release, Apple had projected third-quarter profit of 12 to 13 cents a share and revenue of about $1.93 billion.
To ensure that their Web sites are conveying intended image, growing list of businesses, including Avis Rent A Car System, McDonald's, Staples and Holiday Inn, are turning to companies that test usability and brand opinion for help; these companies conduct surveys and focus groups and even use high-technology eye-tracking devices to uncover how their experiences affect feeling about parent company; there are more than 15 large usability testing companies, like Vividence, SurveySite and MindWave Research, vying to help companies navigate Web (M)
The overall weakness in the long-distance telephone market continues to take its toll on AT&T.
The Wachovia Corporation is acquiring Prudential Financial's brokerage division, the two companies confirmed yesterday.
''Thankfully, we can finally put this behind us'' at that time, Mr. Dooner promised, ''and really, really focus on growth for Interpublic.''
But as soon as the merger machinery began grinding, Honeywell was constrained by pooling-of- interest rules from selling those assets.
But the global giant has a market value of $203 billion, dwarfing the $13 billion market value of Coca-Cola Enterprises.
THIS program has been around in various forms since the early 1980's, when Microsoft persuaded Bruce Artwick, a flight simulation pioneer, to adapt his original Apple program for the PC.
Microsoft has about two months to reply in writing to the latest statement of objections, but it issued a statement denying any wrongdoing.
He failed to reach an agreement with Microsoft on including its Windows software in the laptop, leading Microsoft executives to start discussing what they say is a less expensive alternative: turning a specially configured cellular phone into a computer by connecting it to a TV and a keyboard.
While Johnson & Johnson has made dozens of acquisitions over the last five years, a deal with Alza would be by far its largest.
Federal jury in Portland, Ore, finds Wal-Mart, world's largest retailer, guilty of forcing its employees to work unpaid overtime in first of 40 such lawsuits to go to trial; dozens of Wal-Mart workers testified during four-week trial that under pressure from their managers they frequently clocked out after 40 hours and continued working; in lawsuit, 400 current and former employees from 18 stores in Ore accuse company of violating federal and state wage laws by systematically pressuring them to work unpaid overtime, and jury agreed; damages are to be decided in separate trial(M)
General Motors says earnings will fall this year because of rising health care costs and slowing profits at its financing division; chief financial officer John Devine says expects to get back on track in 2006 and 2007; reaffirms its previous forecast that 2004 earnings will be between $6 to $6.50 per share when it reports its fourth-quarter results next week; predicts that earnings for 2005 will fall to range of $4 to $5 per share (M)
Micron Electronics Inc will introduce its new commercial on its Web site day before it will run spot on television (S)
''Everybody's basically putting their toe in the water,'' Leslie Moonves, chief executive of CBS, said in an interview.
Dean McCarron, an analyst at Mercury Research, said that using older processes, combined with lower labor costs in China, could mean a greater profit margin for Intel.
Johnson & Johnson is about to become an exception to that rule.
Symantec, software company that produces Norton line of computer security and maintenance products, is in advanced talks to acqire Veritas Software, maker of data backup and storage programs, for more than $13 billion (M)
Just as President Nixon found support among construction workers during the Vietnam War, it is here in the PC-filled aisles of the Microsoft Partner's Pavilion at the heart of the sprawling Comdex computer trade show that the Microsoft Corporation's besieged chairman, William H. Gates, finds his staunchest supporters.
But if it was, he said, America Online's exploiting it to detect the Microsoft clone was risky from the standpoints of privacy and computer security.
Company executives said Thursday that Intel ended the first quarter with excess inventory of several million units, but that they were confident they could get inventory levels back to normal this year.
And Mr. Gerstner has said that the  technology group, along with services and software, is expected to be one of the engines of I.B.M.
Although Viacom has hardly been slashing costs, the company did lay off about 90 people at MTV Networks in December.
The percentage of Amazon's sales from third parties rose to 27 percent of overall sales in the quarter, from 23 percent in the first quarter last year.
Monsanto would now use its influence in Washington to push through a new approach.
The commission can fine a company as much as 10 percent of its global annual sales, in Microsoft's case around $3 billion.
Indeed, as a federal judge is deciding what antitrust sanctions, if any, should limit Microsoft's advance in these new businesses, the larger challenge the company faces is in the marketplace.
Amazon's financial results were far better than expected because a yearlong efficiency drive sharply cut costs even as sales grew.
Conflicting accounts of discussions between the Norfolk Southern Corporation and CSX Corporation over the fate of Conrail yesterday sent the stock of the railroad prized by both companies into a steep dive before it pulled out later in the day.
On Friday, Comcast stock fell 43 cents, to close at $32.26 a share on the Nasdaq, and over the last several weeks, Time Warner stock has dropped.
Another company, Amvescap, said it would take a charge to cover the cost of regulators' inquiries into its Invesco Funds and AIM Investments divisions.
''In this case, they were saying, 'We give you the right to carry our signal,' '' said Mike Luftman, spokesman for Time Warner Cable.
Dennis D. Powell, Cisco's vice president for corporate finance, said the synthetic lease arrangement had affected the company's earnings by less than one-tenth of a penny a share per quarter.
A day after introducing an aggressive incentive plan, General Motors reported stronger June auto sales today even as sales by its Detroit-based rivals and the rest of the industry sagged.
Amazon.com plans to place links marked ''Shop the Web'' throughout its on-line store early next week, these people said.
Kodak revised its estimate of earnings for 2004, downward by 20 cents as a result of this acquisition.
I.B.M.
Judge Gladys Kessler, of United States District Court here, said the stiff fine reflected ''the reckless disregard and gross indifference'' displayed by Philip Morris and Altria in destroying the records.
But instead of denying A.T.& T.'s request for a waiver on the merits of the case, Judge Greene rejected the request on the basis of an insufficient record and dismissed its plea "without prejudice."
Ford Motor Co is in talks with Changan Automobile Group to build affordable passenger car in China; development is latest in series of signs that country is loosening its grip on auto industry ahead of its expected entry into World Trade Organization later in year; Ford's efforts to enter Chinese market after losing out to General Motors in fierce competition in mid-90's and inroads made by other manufacturers discussed; chart (M)
The prolonged downturn may be causing lasting damage, especially at Boeing, which is still the region's largest single employer, with about 60,000 workers.
AMF Bowling, the debt-burdened bowling alley operator controlled by the Goldman Sachs Group, is under investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission, according to an earnings report filed yesterday with the commission.
Instead of simply taking a commission on hotel rooms sold, Expedia contracts to buy a big block of rooms from a hotel at a deep discount and sells those rooms at a markup.
Microsoft Gives A Freer Hand To Gateway
Leah Johnson, a spokeswoman for Citigroup, declined to comment.
Growing number biotechnology companies are opting for acquisition by larger companies rather than issuing initial public offering; Peninsula Pharmaceuticals, four-year-old developer of antibiotics, agrees to be acquired by Johnson & Johnson for $245 million; Peninsula filed for initial public stock offering but postponed it while negotiating acquisition; TransForm Pharmaceuticals also agreed last month to be acquired by Johnson & Johnson for $230 million; other recent deals involving takeovers of private companies include Xcel Pharmaceuticals by Valeant Pharmaceuticals, Syrrx by Takeda Pharmaceuticals, Idun Pharmaceuticals and Agiosyn by Pfizer and ESP Pharma by Protein Design Labs (M)
Even before Merck withdrew Vioxx from the market on Sept. 30, citing what it said was new evidence that the drug increased the risk of heart attacks, strokes and other serious ailments, hundreds of patients had filed lawsuits around the country.
Procter & Gamble, the maker of Pampers diapers, Pringles potato chips and, most recently, olestra, the re-engineered fat, also said that its president, Durk I. Jager, would become chief executive in January, succeeding John E. Pepper.
''That Coca-Cola sign set the trend for the next 10 years,'' said Mark Stever, president of LED Solution, a lighting company that has bid to work on the successor.
''Yahoo has to fight tooth and nail for every bit of market share it gains and every iota of cash flow it generates,'' said Jordan Rohan, a media analyst at SoundView Technology Group, but he added that the company was nevertheless performing as well as any online media competitor.
Microsoft said it expected revenue this quarter of $13.7 billion to $14 billion, and earnings of 45 cents or 46 cents a share, in line with analysts' expectations.
Apple Computer Inc reports net loss of $708 million in its second fiscal quarter, compared with deficit of $740 million a year earlier; sales fell 27 percent, to $1.60 billion, from $2.19 billion in second quarter of 1996 fiscal year; Apple's continued struggles come as company is reportedly seeking a friendly buyer; Compaq Computer Corp reports earnings of $387 million in its first quarter, up 65 percent from $234 million in same 1996 quarter; sales rose 14 percent, to $4.81 billion from $4.21 billion in first quarter of 1996; table (L)
I.B.M.
AEA has agreed to keep the division's main plant in Corning, N.Y.; to honor its contract with Local 1000 of the American Flint Glass Workers Union, and to retain the division's management.
In that way, the chip fits with Intel's vision of a future in which the PC contains all the features of a television, a DVD player and a video-game machine, replacing many separate home entertainment devices.
This autumn's recall of Firestone light truck tires led to the Ford Motor Company's first quarterly drop in operating income in four years and has prompted Bridgestone/Firestone to undertake a broad reorganization, with Japanese executives taking control of key operations, the companies announced today.
Intel Technicians Use Delicate Silicon Surgery to Fine-Tune Microchips
Oracle no longer breaks out application sales by category because it is trying to sell most customers the complete suite, although customers pay only for the portions they use.
Management was disoriented, and Nike and Reebok were parlaying a lethal combination of glitzy sneakers made cheaply in low-wage countries and promotions with American sports superstars into dominance of a market Adidas once ruled uncontested.
Even Aeroflot decided to buy Boeing 737's and leases Airbus A310's and two wide-body Boeing 777's.
Yes, replies Microsoft, but never to the point of allowing alternative shells that hide the Windows desktop.
Nokia of Finland, world's largest maker of mobile phones, says it will meet second-quarter earnings estimates, though it sharply reduces sales forecasts for period; Nokia's market share tumbled to 35.2 percent in first quarter of 2002, compared with 37.5 percent in fourth quarter of 2001; says market share for quarter will increase to 38 percent, further widening gap between itself and rivals like Motorola and Ericsson; photo (M)
The marketer is Kimberly-Clark, which is expanding its Poise line of products for treating incontinence.
IT was around cocktail hour on the Sunday night before Time Warner and America Online announced the big deal that Norman Pearlstine, the editor in chief of Time Inc., heard the news.
Microsoft never intended to mislead anyone, he said.
Wal-Mart, which entered the online DVD rental business last June, undercuts Netflix with a three-movie plan priced at $18.76 per month.
''For Microsoft, the Internet is still a Windows world,'' said Scott Hebner, director of marketing for I.B.M.
Mr. Vinciquerra said that in the fourth quarter of 2003, trading volumes for the leading seven online brokerage companies -- E*Trade, Charles Schwab, Ameritrade, TD Waterhouse, Fidelity, Scottrade and Harris Direct -- improved 40 percent from the same period a year earlier, whereas Nasdaq trading volume increased about 6 percent.
Shares of Citigroup fell $2.12, to $37.
Interpublic Group names a coordinator of its increasingly diversified units.
''Look, they used the word 'dinosaur' to refer to Time Warner, so I don't think they can be accused of going easy on themselves,'' he said.
Since then, I.B.M.
While General Electric's stock initially dropped $1.75 on the news, it closed yesterday at $90.4375, down 37.5 cents.
Jeffrey R. Immelt, the next chief executive of General Electric, made his mark at GE Medical Systems by building up sales of imaging machines, a big-ticket, older technology.
American Express is moving to exploit growing dissatisfaction with hotel prepayment requirements, cancellation penalties and other restrictions often imposed by third-party Internet travel-booking sites.
Securities and Exchange Commission files civil complaint against six former officers of Waste Management Inc, providing new details of accounting fraud behind government's criminal action against Arthur Andersen; complaint portrays multiyear effort to inflate reported profits at Waste Management using accounting tricks that allowed company to hide about $1.7 billion in expenses from 1992 through part of 1997; complaint says Arthur Andersen accountants complained about efforts but still approved company's financial statements when their objections were effectively ignored; Thomas Newkirk, associate director of SEC's enforcement division, says 'complaint is a catalog of ways to cook the books'; Arthur Andersen, which complaint contends played central role in allowing accounting fraud to continue, paid $7 million fine last year and accepted injunction against future misdeeds as part of settlement of its role in Waste Management case; complaint names Waste Management founder-former chairman Dean L Buntrock, Philip B Rooney, who served as president, chief operating officer and later chief executive during part of relevant period, and James E Koenig, former chief financial officer; others named are Thomas C Hau, former chief accounting officer, Herbert A Getz, former general counsel, and Bruce D Tobecksen, former vice president for finance; chart; photo (M)
Xerox did not turn  many of Parc's inventions into viable products, but Parc had various claims to fame: the computer mouse, the user-friendly icons that make personal computers so attractive to consumers and Ethernet, which links computers at remote sites.
The 10-page document, which was first reported today in The Los Angeles Times, was distributed privately to the software companies that are the corporation's members -- including Microsoft, which was given an advance look at the report.
Citigroup said in its earnings release that it added $100 million in the quarter to legal reserves for its European, Middle Eastern and African corporate and investment banking unit.
''I like to think I'm an important part of where IPG is going,'' said Mr. Deutsch, using the industry nickname for Interpublic based on its stock-ticker symbol.
James Murdoch, the 28-year-old son of Rupert Murdoch, was asked during a panel discussion how his father's company, the News Corporation, handled the curbs on press freedom in China.
Because the business practices that the trade commission's suit seeks to curtail have little impact on the company's ability to compete, analysts do not expect Intel to fight this suit with the same no-compromise approach that Microsoft has taken with the Justice Department.
Morgan Stanley is eager to capture the enthusiasm investors have for rivals that do more business through the Internet.
The Adobe Theater Company is reveling in an open-ended run of ''Duet!
In contrast to Citigroup, Merrill did not have as strong a quarter in investment banking.
Despite this new competition, AT&T said that its head start gave it a significant advantage because it had invested heavily in studying the potential  market.
With a large stake in AT&T Comcast, Microsoft will also gain a preferred place -- but not an exclusive one -- for its online service, MSN, which trails well behind America Online, the leader.
The developer, Liberty Property Trust, is seeking to qualify the building site -- in the heart of downtown, three blocks from Comcast's current offices -- for a generous 1998 state tax abatement program that was originally intended to improve blighted neighborhoods.
A recurring question, however, is whether the America Online-Time Warner deal proves that no company can live by content alone.
Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine is challenging scientific validity of claim by milk industry and sellers of yogurt and cheese that eating more dairy products results in weight loss; says claims is based primarily on clinical research of one scientist who is financed by Dairy Council, nutrition marketing arm of dairy industry, and General Mills, which makes Yoplait yogurt; files petitions with Federal Trade Commission and Food and Drug Administration claiming association between dairy products and weight loss is false and misleading; photos (M)
Until Cisco on Tuesday, few companies had said anything reassuring about a rebound in earnings.
Within two days of closing the deal last week, Adobe rolled out three sets of software programs, called suites, that combine Adobe and Macromedia software.
Sales executives from Boeing and Airbus had been meeting with AirTran's top executives throughout the week at AirTran's headquarters in Orlando, Fla. AirTran told the representatives from Airbus about 5 p.m. yesterday that Boeing was going to get the deal, said the person briefed on the discussions.
But Web sales and such will never offer Kodak the lush profit margins of conventional film, and that means the company has less leeway to combat setbacks.
The machines, I.B.M.
The results were based on accounting methods Xerox has discontinued.
Thinking Outside The Gap
The upside for CBS could be enormous, Mr. Binder said.
Such a purchase would be far bigger than anything Microsoft has tried.
According to Motorola, its MyMail Desktop Plus software ($50), due this summer, will let a P935 (or T900) issue wireless commands to your Windows PC, telling it, for example, to send a certain file as an attachment to a colleague -- a genuinely useful stunt for the absent-minded traveler.
BayStar often talks to the investment and venture arms of major technology companies like Microsoft, Intel and Cisco.
The residential customers it is set to buy from AT&T will serve to solidify Comcast's dominance between Philadelphia and Washington, executives close to the talks said.
I.B.M.
Still, squabbles over the control of standards have long been a hallmark of high-technology industries, and the failure of the talks between Microsoft and AOL was viewed as part of that tradition.
Last year, the terrorist attacks emptied car lots of potential buyers until General Motors refilled them quickly with its ''Keep America Rolling'' advertising and incentive campaign, which included offers of interest-free financing.
Prudential Securities has joined a growing number of financial services companies that are rapidly responding to a widening investigation of mutual fund trading practices by firing or suspending employees.
Coca-Cola Co has brought back television spots for Diet Coke that first began appearing in early 1996; new effort to tinker with brand marketing reflects drop in sales of diet soft drinks at time when total United States soft drink sales rose (M)
Still, the classified nature of the program has given Boeing a low profile in the matter; a report issued in September by the Pentagon's Defense Science Board portrayed the program as ''significantly underfunded and technically flawed'' but did not even mention Boeing by name.
Even so, she said she was surprised when the investors, including Institutional Venture Partners of Menlo Park, Calif., and the investment banker Allen & Company finally gave up, in part because she believed that the deal being discussed with Mattel could be worked out.
THIS morning, dozens of analysts will gather at the Hudson Theater in Manhattan to hear Eastman Kodak's chief executive, George M. C. Fisher, disclose a long-awaited plan for whipping his troubled company into shape.
At one point in today's final arguments, he dismissed a crucial Microsoft defense by comparing the company to John D. Rockefeller's Standard Oil monopoly, the subject of the first major antitrust case, in 1906.
And, after a couple of years of painful cost-cutting, Corning's consumer products division has been quite profitable.
Mr. Jobs has repeatedly found ways to position Apple in front of important technology changes, and the convergence of the broadband Internet and a new generation of high-definition television has presented an opportunity for the company to play an even larger role in consumer electronics.
The United Automobile Workers union is leaning toward negotiating a new national labor contract first at the General Motors Corporation and the Ford Motor Company, and leaving the Chrysler Corporation for later, people close to the union said today.
On Wednesday, the Senate Commerce Committee will hear testimony about copyright protection and consumer privacy from lawyers for Verizon and SBC, which has filed a separate challenge to the subpoenas in federal court in San Francisco.
A British court provided a mixed verdict for Pfizer in a crucial patent dispute yesterday, upholding one of the company's British patents on Lipitor, the company's best-selling cholesterol-lowering medicine, but invalidating a second one.
Survey by Greenfield Online, Internet market research company, shows Microsoft.com has highest 'brand power,' defined as combination of rankings in three categories: brand familiarity, brand's ability to affect Internet landscape and brand's perceived financial strength; following Microsoft.com in survey are four well-known dot-coms: Amazon.com, Netscape.com, AOL.com and eBay.com (Advertising column) (M)
''Being on eBay -- it's just very exciting,'' said Mary Fisher, the organization's senior vice president for development and communication, as she gazed at the Web site on her computer screen.
The commercial, which depicts dirty dancing in a ''clean room'' inside an Intel chip-fabrication factory, is one of four pitching the MMX, which features technology to improve multimedia performance.
Gypsies' Suit Against I.B.M.
With two competitors fast on its heels, Pfizer is choosing younger and healthier pitchmen for its erectile dysfunction treatment.
Earlier this month, Yahoo adopted a series of antitakeover provisions.
In handling documents, Cintas now competes against Iron Mountain, which dominates that business and has more than $2 billion invested in storage assets.
A Rarity for Wal-Mart: Talking to a Union
Survey by Positive Support Review, a Web design and consulting company, finds that Microsoft Internet Eplorer has greater share of Web browser market than Netscape Navigator in terms of how much time peope spend using the respective browsers (S)
In addition, many senior maintenance people took voluntary buyouts last year, and Xerox invested heavily in training less experienced workers to service high-end equipment.
Programming is helping British Sky Broadcasting pull ahead of pay television rivals at time when many of those operations are going under across Europe; among those who have given up in recent months is KirchPayTV, part of German media mogul Leo Kirch's crumbling empire; Vivendi Universal may sell Canal Plus operations outside of France and it appears close to deal to sell Italian pay TV unit Telepiu to News Corp of Rupert Murdoch, effectively handing control of that market to its archrival; Murdoch is chairman of BSky B (M)
Hewitt Associates, a big benefits consulting firm based in Lincolnshire, Ill., advised Halliburton on these steps.
Passengers on Alaska Airlines will soon be able to check in for flights using Palm organizers or wireless telephones (S)
Johnson & Johnson acquired Natrecor in 2003 when it purchased the drug's maker, Scios.
General Motors challenged Ford today to a battle over which company can deliver bigger improvements in fuel economy, particularly for sport utility vehicles, the least efficient vehicles of all.
Intel's revised forecast capped a week of good news for the semiconductor sector.
In the memo, M. Susan Chambers, Wal-Mart's executive vice president for benefits, recommended that the company try to reframe the issue as a national problem.
AT&T, which says publicly that its cable television business is 'not for sale,' is reportedly weighing and perhaps even soliciting bids; range of potential deals has expanded since Comcast Corp made unsolicited bid; include spin off by AOL Time Warner Inc of its own cable operation into new company that would also include AT&T's cable assets (M)
Of course, there is nothing to demonstrate that if Microsoft is broken up, its experience, for better or worse, will resemble AT&T's.
In industry after industry, executives share a sentiment expressed last year by Rupert Murdoch, chairman of the News Corporation: ''Everybody in the communications business is paranoid of Microsoft, including me.''
Comcast joined the suitors vying for the Vivendi assets only within the last month and it remains the ultimate wild card in the outcome of the auction.
Phone companies, with their heavily regulated rates and sclerotic bureaucracies, are worlds apart from the scrappy corporate culture of a Microsoft or a Comcast.
Coca-Cola in the past has paid its outside directors a fee of $125,000 a year, part in stock and part in cash, with additional payments for those who served on board committees.
Since then, both a federal district court and a federal appeals court have concluded that Microsoft repeatedly violated Section 2 of the Sherman Antitrust Act.
Helping set the anti-Microsoft tone of the conference was Sun Microsystems' chief executive, Scott G. McNealy, who complained in an opening-night speech that his company and its Java programming language had become ''ground zero'' for what he called a Microsoft carpet-bombing approach to the software industry.
At the same time, some of Global Crossing's shareholders have appeared concerned that a deal for Frontier, with its somewhat sluggish local phone operations in places like Mondovi, Wis., and Fort Dodge, Iowa, would slow growth.
The challenge for Intel's plans to make the PC the home's entertainment media server, he said, is that wireless data standards are not yet ready to move video data seamlessly around the house.
Christopher J. Coughlin, 50, who joined Interpublic two months ago in the new post of chief operating officer as part of the company's efforts to right itself, will assume Mr. Orr's title and duties.
Those remedies included limiting Microsoft's ability to prevent computer makers from modifying software packages and precluding onerous licensing agreements.
The business venture by VeriSign, which is based in Mountain View, Calif., and has major operations here, has raised hackles among longtime denizens of the Internet, with some of them now demanding that VeriSign be stripped of its franchise.
More than 60 percent of Amgen's nearly 4,000 research employees have been at the company less than two years.
Wall Street's core business--underwriting of stocks and bonds--slowed significantly in third quarter after relatively smooth growth in recent years; securities firms and banks issued $392.6 billion of bonds and stocks in three months ended Sept 30 amid much more volatile markets, greater caution among American investors and issuers of securities, and swoon in stock market that began in mid-July as global economic problems spread; ranking firms most active in managing securities issues for third quarter was led by Merrill Lynch & Co, which raised $59 million, followed by Goldman, Sachs & Co, Salomon Smith Barney, Morgan Stanley Dean Witter and Lehman Brothers; chart (Market Place column) (M)
The company, based in Bentonville, Ark., likes to celebrate its international flavor at its annual shareholder meeting by having foreign workers get up and lead the Wal-Mart cheer (''Give me a W!'')
In January, only a couple of months before its public offering, Selectica proudly announced that its system had been chosen to run Cisco's World Wide Web site.
Yahoo's earnings announcement, which came after the market closed today, kicked off a spate of quarterly earnings, with such companies as Microsoft and America Online announcing returns next week.
one shareholder, Jay Schulberg, who retired in 1999 as vice chairman and chief creative officer of the Bozell division of Interpublic, said to Mr. Bell during the part of the meeting devoted to audience questions.
Wal-Mart, the largest retailer in the world, with $288 billion in sales last year, has decided to go head-to-head with its competition on its higher-priced products, across the board.
learned that the information originated with his relative at I.B.M., Mr. Mazzone is quoted as saying: ''It's insider trading.
''But Intel sees growth opportunities in both corporate and consumer markets.
Netflix is also entering a more crowded market that includes not only the likes of Apple and Amazon, but also MovieLink, CinemaNow and video-on-demand services offered by cable companies.
's mainframe technology, Mr. Gates emphasized recently, will not come quickly for Microsoft.
Such an approach was a gamble for Microsoft, given that it does not have a proven track record like the high-priced Hollywood actors and directors, like Tom Hanks and Steven Spielberg, who make similar demands.
Microsoft said today that it had agreed to make changes in a children's version of its Passport authorization software after an advertising industry watchdog group challenged the service over issues of parental control and privacy.
The new technology unites the microprocessor, the brains that power computers, with the communication and flash memory circuits, Intel said.
In the antitrust case, the government contended -- and Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson agreed in his ruling yesterday -- that Microsoft illegally bundled its software for browsing the Internet to its monopoly product, Windows, to stifle competition from Internet software.
''This is our attempt to accelerate the deployment of broadband networks,'' said Greg Muffei, Microsoft's vice president for corporate development.
The wider notice that he achieved from that case before the United States Supreme Court propelled Mr. Reback to his biggest  battle: taking on Microsoft.
In trading yesterday, Amgen shares fell $1.47, to $59.38.
Analysts have estimated that Boston Scientific could be liable for $1 billion to $3 billion in royalties, damages and penalties if it cannot overturn Johnson & Johnson's recent Delaware victory.
Next come conference calls with Wal-Mart employees around the country to plan for events.
Merck has no obesity drugs on the market, but it is making the area a priority, said Janet Skidmore, a spokeswoman.
THE MARKETS: Market Place; New York State Fund to Join Californians in Dissent at Citigroup
Both CSX and Norfolk Southern, which operate in the South and the Midwest, had long sought to acquire Conrail, knowing that the loser would be reduced to a minor competitor in a rapidly consolidating rail industry.
And, now that computers are integrated in most people's lives, Microsoft sought to relay the product details of Vista rather than the ''high concepts'' of 1995, said J.
They say that Mr. Klein is trying to micromanage Microsoft and is a pawn in a larger struggle between the company and its rivals -- one that should be sorted out by the marketplace.
If Quark proceeds with an unsolicited tender offer for Adobe, it would be the second large such offer this month for a Silicon Valley company.
Kodak joins a lengthy list of advertisers that have consolidated the media buying and/or planning duties on their accounts in the last year.
Many Rochester citizens said Kodak would have been far better off had it issued a barrage of pink slips in one painful action.
Mr. Boies did not challenge the authenticity of the videotape, but he did challenge Microsoft's motivation for allowing the companies to alter the desktop.
Demand in Asia has slowed for many of its cellular phones, pagers and other products, most of which contain Motorola semiconductors.
Last month, AT&T and BBN Planet announced a deal in which BBN Planet will provide a broad array of Internet access and security services to AT&T's large stable of customers.
For the fourth quarter, Yahoo reported profit of $683 million, or 46 cents a share.
(The carriers have other restrictions as well, outlined in their contracts: Verizon's contract, for example, says its service cannot be used for uploading, downloading or streaming of movies, music or games; it also prohibits peer-to-peer file sharing and Internet phone calling, known also as VoIP.)
Motorola executives said they had been negotiating with Apple since February and had reached agreement on licensing terms in June.
Mr. Gates quietly approached a number of New York publishing houses and, in recent days, reached a verbal understanding with one of them, Microsoft said, though it would not name the publisher.
AT&T's core long-distance telephone and equipment manufacturing businesses were fairly healthy last year, generating $79 billion in revenues.
The intense rivalry between the two companies was heightened last winter when Boston Scientific lured Guidant away from a proposed merger with Johnson & Johnson in a bidding war that ended with Boston Scientific paying $27 billion for Guidant.
What had changed at Cummins, and at other diesel engine manufacturers, was not just that they had learned to adapt to tougher environmental regulations.
By positioning itself as a safe haven, SAP hopes to pick up the storm-tossed customers of its three main competitors, Oracle, PeopleSoft and J. D. Edwards, a smaller software company that PeopleSoft was planning to buy before Oracle barged in with its hostile bid.
Intel Is Aiming At Living Rooms In Marketing Its Latest Chip
Facing criticism from a member of Congress and privacy advocacy groups, the Comcast Corporation said today that it would no longer store data that would enable it to track individual subscribers' Internet surfing habits.
Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly of United States District Court appeared to assent today to drawing analogies between Microsoft's past and current behavior, but only in a limited context.
HealthVizion, Parsippany, NJ, unit of Torre Lazur McCann Healthcare Worldwide, opens office in Los Angeles; all are part of Interpublic Group of Companies (S)
The top-of-the-line iPod music player from Apple Computer can hold four solid weeks of music.
Some analysts suspect such pressure was evident recently as James H. Hance Jr., vice chairman and chief financial officer of Bank of America, prepared to deliver the bank's third-quarter results to Wall Street.
In written testimony last month, Bill Gates, Microsoft's chairman, asserted that while Windows enabled the display of on-screen windows, its ambitions were much larger.
The European Union insists it will fight the American lawsuit at the World Trade Organization, and it filed a countersuit contending that Boeing also gets improper subsidies.
World Business Briefing: Japan: Microsoft Contract War�
Investors are also worried that Boston Scientific may end up owing Johnson & Johnson $1 billion or more for patent violations.
Verizon increased its emphasis on weakening job security provisions after an arbitrator's decision in July that ordered the company to reinstate 2,300 laid-off workers.
He said that he would give the family a seat on the News Corporation board, and would establish an editorial board to oversee The Journal, as he did at The Times of London, to protect its top editors from capricious dismissal and to mediate disputes between the newspaper and the corporation.
I.B.M.
The nearly simultaneous deals the United Automobile Workers union announced Monday with the Ford Motor Company and the Chrysler Group represent a sharp break with tradition and underscore how tough times are for the Big Three and their suppliers.
In addition, Ms. Thompson of Wal-Mart cited hundreds of long-term contracts held by local banks that operate branches in its 3,500 United States stores.
will belong to M.I.T., but Microsoft will have the right to license it without paying royalties.
Mr. Anda said in a statement that he ''was thrilled to be back at Morgan Stanley.''
You can use many programs, like Microsoft's Windows Movie Maker or Apple's iMovie, to edit your video, adding captions and background audio, and format it for the Web.
Ford Motor Co's stock drops 7.7 percent, to $7.15, lowest level in 10 years and 16 percent drop on week; investors seem to be awakening to host of weaknesses in Ford's financial position; Ford, mostly through its Ford Motor Credit unit, carries staggering debt load; equity analysts seem to be homing in on company's balance sheet, and they do not like what they see; Salomon Smith Barney removes Ford from its recommended list of stocks (Market Place column) (M)
(The 8.7 percent figure represented taxes paid by partnerships, corporations and other business organizations that were folded into Accenture.)
Entergy, the electric utility that serves New Orleans and many other parts of the region damaged by Hurricane Katrina, indicated that despite the widespread damage, shareholders could expect no more than a slight, temporary dip in the company's profits.
The case, though, is important to Amazon, because it runs Target's online store as it does those of a handful of other big offline merchants.
Yahoo is the largest Web portal and has been the most successful major Internet company in rebuilding its advertising business after the dot-com collapse two years ago.
At Citigroup, it has been transforming a company focused on acquisitions into one that is focused on expanding its existing businesses and its operations overseas.
Exxon Mobil, the world's largest oil company, said yesterday that its third-quarter net income jumped 75 percent, to $9.92 billion.
And why, they ask, should anyone outside the software business really care about the Government's escalating battle with Microsoft?
Apple Computer chairman, Gilbert F Amelio, and Steven P Jobs, who recently rejoined Apple, outline 18-month development plan in which Apple will keep improving its current operating system while it prepares new one called Rhapsody, Macworld computer conference, San Francisco; Apple is seeking to portray itself as an embattled underdog working to regain its role as software innovator; new operating system, when it is shipped to customers in 1998, will run current Macintosh applications and programs written for Next Software Inc's operating system, as well as those designed for Sun Microsystems' Java language; Apple says this will permit its customers to retain their existing data and programs but acknowledges that old programs will not be able to take advantage of new features to be added from Next's technology (M)
Amgen Inc. was nearing a deal last night to acquire Immunex for about $16 billion in stock and cash in a transaction that would help Amgen become the first biotechnology company to gain the stature of a major pharmaceutical company.
And even without Nike, Sears will still sell an abundance of nationally advertised products supplied by outside companies, like Compaq computers, Bosch appliances and Russell Athletic clothes.
Fred Dressler, the senior vice president for programming at Time Warner Cable, said in an interview yesterday that Disney hoped to use the ABC blackout to make it appear that Time Warner was abusing its power and to raise questions about the pending merger with AOL.
Microsoft filed a motion in a Federal appeals court yesterday asking that Judge Jackson's preliminary injuction be thrown out.
''It gives I.B.M.
AT&T Corp reports first-quarter loss of $975 million compared with loss of $373 million year earlier; revenue fell 11.3 percent, to $12.02 billion from $13.55 billion; chairman C Michael Armstrong comments (M)
The deal, announced in March, has been delayed and renegotiated because of Hurricane Katrina; Capital One now plans to pay about $5 billion, 9 percent less than the original price, and to close by the end of the year.
Microsoft struck agreements with customers in North Carolina, Tennessee, North Dakota, South Dakota, Kansas and the District of Columbia, after settlements in four other states earlier in the year.
Apple paid $325 million in cash, issued 1.5 million shares and assumed about $55 million of Next's debts.
Sales were up 10 percent each for Pfizer and Schering, 14 percent for J.& J., and 19 percent for Merck.
Verizon Wireless products and services will also be placed in episodes of ''Smallville,'' Mr. Davis said, but the placements ''will not be overt,'' to avoid alienating viewers.
Once viewers come to the home page of the site, they will be led to other pages selling not only Starbucks coffee but gourmet food, kitchenware, home furnishings and furniture.
''We have listed Texas Instruments as a long overdue consolidation for the past few years,'' said Lior Bregman an analyst at Oppenheimer.
While Boeing continues to hold an edge over Airbus in revenue, that could change, particularly if the A380 dominates the high end of the market as thoroughly as the 747 has over the last three decades.
Mrs. Roehm and Mr. Womack were instrumental in Wal-Mart's decision this year to replace its longtime advertising agencies, a major event in the advertising industry.
A spokesman, Steve Langdon, said Cisco was contacted in ''late summer or early fall'' and has been working on creating and deploying patches, ''many of which are already available.''
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter reports 28 percent decline in earnings for fiscal fourth quarter, providing first glimpse of how poorly a depressing year ended on Wall Street; in its fifth consecutive quarter of falling profit, firm earned $870 million, or 78 cents a diluted share, down from $1.21 billion, or $1.06 a share, year earlier (M)
While Boeing derives about half of its business from the military and the other half from its commercial operations, EADS draws 60 percent to 70 percent of its revenue from its Airbus division, which has been bogged down by problems with its A380, the so-called superjumbo airliner, as well as its new midsize A350.
Most of I.B.M.
The Communications Workers of America has undertaken a campaign to unionize 400 customer-service representatives in Seattle, where Amazon is based.
Mr. Markman says that Microsoft has changed the tide for General Magic.
Two weeks ago, three executives proposed to a small group of directors that the Dean Witter components of Morgan Stanley -- retail brokerage, mutual funds and credit cards -- be spun off into a separate company, an idea that the board would later describe as ''disastrous.''
Loral filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, and Boeing said it would take a $1.1 billion pretax charge against second-quarter earnings.
That transaction effectively refinanced the smaller Nighthawk deal that Citigroup had done for Enron the year before.
One of Microsoft's demonstrations showed how the new technology reduces ''buffer delay,'' which often makes listening to or watching things on the Internet a frustrating experience.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer is considering accepting buyout offer well below $5 billion price tag originally estimated when word first surfaced about possible sale; is considering whether to accept offer worth about $4.5 billion in cash from Time Warner or one worth $4.8 billion in cash from Sony (M)
State and federal officials prosecuting Microsoft antitrust case say goal in any settlement or court-imposed remedy is to break company's monopoly in personal computer operating systems or limit its ability to wield such monopoly power; several proposals include forcing Microsoft to publish proprietary code for Windows operating system to break-up of company (M)
General Motors spurned Mr. Murdoch last year when it agreed to sell DirecTV, the largest satellite television company, to EchoStar Communications, the nation's second largest.
It's not only an opportunity to learn, but an opportunity to problem-solve for Intel.''
Apple Computer is set to introduce first complete revision of operating system for its Macintosh computers (S)
He said that Microsoft wanted to work for an open standard through an industry consortium rather than to negotiate a bilateral deal with America Online.
Berlin Cameron/Red Cell agency launches large multimedia advertising campaign to increase share of $2-billion-annually bottled water market held by Coca-Cola Co subsidiary Dasani (M)
I.B.M.
Part of the problem was that in the course of integration, Aetna had lost track of rising health claim costs.
Spanish prosecutors have given preliminary approval for the former General Motors executive Jose Ignacio Lopez de Arriortua to be extradited to the United States, where he is wanted on charges of stealing company secrets.
In a statement yesterday, Amgen said it strongly believed its drugs were ''safe and effective medicines when used in approved populations consistent with label dosing recommendations.''
Among them are ads for Bud Light, Domino's, Hummer, T-Mobile and Verizon.
''To the extent that the private sector can make progress in transparency, I think it will give some ideas to the government,'' said Robert Galvin, director of global health care for General Electric.
Verizon Communications, the nation's largest telecommunications company, said yesterday that it planned to work with Yahoo, the Internet search engine, to introduce a portal for its high-speed Internet service.
Yahoo plans to announce Thursday that it is recruiting scientists who pioneered an advanced search-engine technology at I.B.M.
Motorola is more the exception than the rule.
The point is crucial because that meeting between Microsoft and Netscape is a key episode in the Government's antitrust case.
Motion filed in federal court, Atlanta, by plaintiffs in discrimination suit against Coca-Cola Co contends 'possible retaliation' was taken against Larry Jones, benefits manager at Coke's human resources department, who organized meeting of about 150 black workers; Coke denies claim; motion contends Jones was dismisseed within days of meeting (S)
THE MARKETS: Market Place; A Breakup of Microsoft?
Apple could not be happier about this exploding iPod economy.
The microprocessors, code-named Tualatin, use copper wires instead of aluminum and feature 0.13-micron circuit lines, allowing Intel to fit smaller circuits onto each chip.
Amid much hoopla, the General Electric Company introduced a medical scanner yesterday that it says captures images of the inner workings of a patient's body in seconds, not minutes.
Christine Gregoire, the Democratic governor of Washington, said that 20 percent of Wal-Mart workers in her state received public health care assistance.
Also, a Starbucks is not always a Starbucks: when it is in an airport or a Barnes & Noble bookstore, for example, the company may not control what food is sold there.
Marriott, one of the latest with such an offer, said in January that prices on Marriott.com would match the best rates elsewhere -- on or off the Web -- or customers would receive the lower price, minus a 25 percent discount.
Advertisers, marketers and retailers, concerned that fuel prices will crimp spending on holiday shopping later this fall, are moving up their Christmas holiday pitches; retailers want to get to shoppers before they see their first heating bill; among companies that have pushed forward Christmas marketing campaigns are Carnival Cruise Lines, Bath and Body Works retail chain, Expedia, Eddie Bauer and US Postal Service; photos (M)
Industry speculation is that Microsoft has been fashioning the software as a ''RIM-killer,'' a reference to Research In Motion, the Canadian company that dominates the corporate hand-held computing market with its BlackBerry.
California Public Employees Retirement System is set to release list of 10 target companies for 1997, firms in its indexed portfolio whose stocks have performed worst compared to industry peers over long term; will seek to press management and directors for change and sponsor shareholder resolutions and proxy contests if companies do not respond; list includes Apple Computer and Reebok International (M)
Neither Sun nor Intel would discuss the financial impact of the deal, but it is not expected to have a huge impact on Intel's $35 billion in annual sales.
Also in AT&T's sights are America Online, which offers Internet access to more than five million subscribers, Compuserve, Prodigy, the Microsoft Network, and scores of small entrepreneurs who operate Internet businesses across the country.
Motorola's new 6000 series of Talkabout two-way radios are the S.U.V.
The Judge also denied Microsoft's request for a 120-day delay of the trial, which is scheduled to begin next June.
Boeing also developed its fighter proposal entirely on computers, a break from the past that it first tried on the 777 rather than building mock-ups to make sure components fit snugly.
Boston Scientific's latest bid -- its third this month -- was an increase over a modestly sweetened $73-a-share bid last Thursday, raising that to $80 a share, including $42 in cash.
The Wall Street Journal identified that retailer yesterday as Polo Ralph Lauren.
I feared that I wouldn't be able to answer because when I arrived at Amazon.com, the site greeted me by name as usual after recognizing the cookie it had sent to my computer at an earlier date.
Citigroup to Expand in Britain by Buying Online Bank for $1.1 Billion
Intertainer and Akamai Technologies are set to announce alliance to deliver video-on-demand to personal computers with high-speed Internet connections; service is now available in two markets and should be broadly available by year's end; videos of movies and other entertainment are streamed rather than being stored on user's computer; photo (M)
Although Adobe has modified many of its programs to take advantage of the Internet, and many are used to create Web sites, analysts said the company had run into difficulty exploiting the transition to electronic publishing.
Citigroup said that it bought back about $5.5 billion worth of company stock during the third quarter.
Bowing to pressure from critics who have tried to turn its famous shoe brand into a synonym for exploitation, Nike Inc. promised today to root out underage workers and require overseas manufacturers of its wares to meet strict United States health and safety standards.
Also in March, the Dell Computer Corporation said it planned to buy $16 billion of technology components from I.B.M.
''The board is concerned that Comcast's multitier voting structure would put AT&T shareowners at a disadvantage in matters of corporate governance,'' Mr. Armstrong said in his letter to Ralph J. Roberts, Comcast's chairman, and Brian L. Roberts, the company's president.
According to William White, a Sprint spokesman, Mr. LeMay told  Mr. Esrey on Tuesday that he planned to leave Waste Management.
Sotheby's enters into alliance with Amazon.com five months after it announced $25 million initiative to begin its own on-line auction business; two will begin selling art and collectibles later this year (M)
If News Corporation is successful, it could also mean multimillion-dollar paydays for the top managers of Dow Jones, the publisher of The Wall Street Journal.
The new software platform will also allow content providers to encode high-quality 5.1 channel surround sound for streaming audio and high-definition video with file sizes as small as half of those of DVD's, Microsoft said.
Analysis of European Commission antitrust ruling intended to force Microsoft to change its business strategy of bundling new products into its dominant Windows personal computer operating system; ruling, if upheld on appeal, may have greater impact on future of global software industry than on company's immediate business outlook; could leave company with European regulator scrutinizing what it puts into future generations of Windows and what it leaves out; comes as other forces are also weakening Microsoft's grip on desktop computers; graph of company stock price since it began facing antitrust actions; photo (M)
Growth abroad is increasingly important to Wal-Mart, said Burt Flickinger III, a retail consultant who has followed the company for years.
Microsoft, in effect, is trying to subsume Internet navigation into the P.C.
That is 400,000 more than Microsoft had estimated it would ship over the last year.
Symantec, like its best-known competitors, McAfee and Trend Micro, is trying to become the de facto provider of software to protect networks and personal computers.
Mr. Zander arrived at Motorola early in 2004, a few months before the introduction of the unusually slim Razr V3, which went on to become the cellphone industry's equivalent of ''Star Wars.''
Although A.T.&T.
Excerpts from oral arguments in Microsoft antitrust case before US Appeals Court; representing Microsoft are Richard J Urowsky and Steven L Holley; John G Roberts Jr argues for state attorneys general who sued Microsoft along with Justice Department
''Apple is about to touch off a nuclear war,'' said Paul Mercer, a software designer and president of Iventor, a designer of software for hand-helds based in Palo Alto, Calif. ''The Nokias and the Motorolas will have to respond.''
Pfizer stepped up its effort Tuesday to acquire Warner-Lambert, beginning its attempt to oust the company's board and outlining what it sees as the advantages of the hostile takeover to Wall Street analysts.
''Even though Citigroup is not admitting any guilt by settling in this fashion, from my perspective, they have admitted guilt.
Or it could be, as Merck argued, that Vioxx was neutral, while naproxen actually reduced the likelihood of a heart attack.
In addition to trying to allow local executives more of a say in running the business, Mr. Daft has overseen significant layoffs and has tried to push the company into new ventures, including its marketing venture with Procter & Gamble.
In a television interview on CNN, Mr. Gerstner said that Mr. Palmisano ''is emerging as the leader'' of the team of young executives I.B.M.
About half of the money owed to  J. P. Morgan and Citigroup consists of a $1 billion loan the banks made earlier this month that is secured by one of Enron's pipelines.
After the Digital Equipment Corporation sued the Intel Corporation, contending it violated a raft of Digital's patents, precincts of the computer world were variously bemused, enthused and confused.
Ralph Lauren's home products division, which contributed $340 million in 1997 sales, is being broadened to include furniture, table top items, wall coverings and the like and will be sold abroad.
In the first half of this year, Goodyear reported losses of nearly $240 million.
Even if regulators do not force Pfizer to withdraw the drug from the market because of heart attack risks, its prospects are dim if doctors stop prescribing it in the volume they have in recent years.
''The Government is saying here that it would have been easy for Microsoft to be reasonable, but that the company is not playing ball,'' said Carl Shapiro, a professor at the University of California at Berkeley, who was formerly the chief economist for the Justice Department's antitrust division.
''That's one of the big questions,'' said Hari Manoharan, who was joined in the experiment by Christopher P. Lutz and the I.B.M.
Another Web services program, Amazon Simple Storage Service, or S3, allows businesses to store their data on Amazon's own computer servers.
Nordstrom will also send 200,000 copies to customers on mailing lists and distribute 100,000 copies in its 65 full-line stores.
Merck has said it plans to defend every case, and has set aside $675 million to cover its legal costs.
Aetna sold its financial services business last year to ING, the Dutch insurer.
The project suggests the degree of devotion to brand and corporate history at Coca-Cola, which was one of the first companies to hire its own corporate archivist and last year donated five decades of television commercials to the Library of Congress.
The Oracle executives commented on the financial results of their fiscal first quarter, which ended Aug. 31, for the first time since releasing them with no explanation last Thursday.
Microsoft says that the Office Live Collaboration service permits several users to edit an Excel spreadsheet document simultaneously.
''If Microsoft were going to adhere to the spirit of the ruling, it would apply the same freedoms to remove things like Windows Media Player and Windows Messenger.''
Microsoft's chairman Bill Gates demonstrates security features planned for Windows XP operating system; says company decided to turn on, by default, firewall protection for Windows-based computers connected to Internet, to make it harder to exploit vulnerabilities in operating system; features also include additions to Internet Explorer and centralized Windows Security Center panel (S)
But instead of attempting to contort itself into a media company by hiring scores of relatively unknown writers and producers and go it virtually alone, this time Microsoft has chosen to team up with some high-profile Hollywood talent.
But today, Google Maps still does not offer some of the pedestrian conveniences of Yahoo Maps and MapQuest from AOL.
The Java announcement and Microsoft's desktop-icon requirements, one PC executive said, are ''just additional conditions imposed on us by Microsoft that we have to react to.''
''This quarter delivered exceptionally strong applications performance driven by the successful integration of PeopleSoft,'' said Gregory Maffei, Oracle's chief financial officer.
Many CBS stations have seen severe ratings declines since Mr. Stern left for Sirius.
The drop was prompted by a statement from CSX saying it was discussing a post-merger sale of some of Conrail's assets to Norfolk Southern.
said that auditors for the firm had repeatedly pointed to ways that Xerox management had manipulated its results to raise reported profits by more than $1.2 billion before taxes from 1997 through 2000.
''By investing in Comcast, Microsoft is investing in a phenomenal distribution system.''
had concerns about Merck's revenue-recognition policies as far back as 1999,'' said John Gavin, president of SEC Insight.
For the last 18 months or so, Java has held out the promise of bringing sophisticated new capabilities to the Internet, like so-called applet programs that can perform such tasks as going out over the network and seeking stock quotes and bringing them back to automatically update a user's portfolio.
But she did hint that AT&T might begin to more broadly offer high-speed Internet service over telephone lines using the technology known as digital subscriber line.
Contending that the two largest on-line booksellers are violating German laws against the distribution of hate literature, the Simon Wiesenthal Center has called on Barnesandnoble.com and Amazon.com to stop selling books like ''Mein Kampf'' to customers in Germany.
But I.B.M.
Because of that, Microsoft has also included voice-recognition software that allows users to operate most games with voice as well as keyboard commands.
The American International Group has resolved a dispute with Hyundai Securities which appears to remove the last major barrier to its takeover of the financial units of the Hyundai group, South Korea's largest conglomerate until its breakup last year.
General Mills is not happy with the situation.''
''If in any way that upgraded people's perception of McDonald's, what would be the problem with that?''
Express Scripts had widely been considered a takeover target, not an acquirer, because of its small size.
Mattel's board awarded her special options grants whose value was estimated at $24 million at the time and brought her total compensation for 1997 to $26.3 million.
Talks on the sale began on July 18, an I.B.M.
The report contended that Pfizer had broken international law, and it criticized Pfizer's scientists for leaving Nigeria after testing the drug on about 100 children, even though the meningitis epidemic continued.
An I.B.M.
Confirming a report that Frontier Airlines was the latest airline to choose Airbus's narrow-body planes over Boeing's 737, Mr. Condit said that Boeing could not match the low price offered by Airbus and still make a profit.
And when the same question, word for word, was asked in a Gallup poll in October 1997, 73 percent of computer users held a favorable view of Microsoft.
For example, the survey found that representatives from Pfizer, who were promoting FemHRT, a hormonal therapy similar to Prempro, doubled the number of doctors they visited last week compared with the week before.
Paul Kleespies, the president of Asti tours, which specializes in vacation packages to Mexico, said he uses Taesa's Boeing 757's for about 70 percent of his flights mainly because of the carrier's attractive prices.
Microsoft's unfair conduct, he said, was taken to defend its monopoly position from the challenge of Internet software.
Company logos on the new dashboard include those of the Walt Disney Company, Time Warner, America Online, National Geographic, Pointcast, Intuit and others -- including Corbus, the electronic photograph archive owned by Microsoft's chairman, William Gates.
SAP, German software company, hopes to pick off customers from Oracle Group, PeopleSoft and J D Edwards as their takeover battle sows uncertainty in business software marketplace; SAP, Europe's largest software developer and world's leading supplier of business software, says it is already talking to at least 30 of its rivals' customers; photo; graphs of companies' market share and SAP's revenue and income (M)
''I noticed Amazon has taken off most of its references in the Whois database,'' said Peter Flynn, Ms. Flynn's father and a computer consultant in Cork.
She also declined to overturn a jury decision in a case last July that Cordis had infringed a Boston Scientific patent covering the geometric structure of stents.
Another display of displeasure with management came on a proposal to increase the number of outstanding Interpublic shares to 800 million from 550 million.
''People thought Apple's recovery was moving in one direction and suddenly they found out it was moving in reverse.''
But Intel also employs hundreds of software engineers, mainly at its Intel Architecture Labs in Hillsboro, Ore. And while Intel and Microsoft are partners, they have also had their conflicts, typically over the direction and pace at which certain innovations should be introduced into the personal computer industry, which they dominate together.
The continuing shortage of G5 chips has not only delayed the introduction of the new consumer iMac, but has also limited Apple's sales of powerful dual-G5 desktop computers that are its most profitable products, priced at $2,999 and up.
But in both cases, Coca-Cola maintained that the substances it detected were present in amounts too tiny to have made anyone ill.
Wal-Mart and its contractors are also accused of mail fraud, wire fraud, bringing in and harboring illegal immigrants and engaging in a ''pattern of racketeering activity'' to prevent officials from enforcing wage and immigration laws.
Microsoft's extension eases the agency's concerns on these points, she said.
Richard T. Evans, a drug industry analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, said that for Wal-Mart, which has been a frequent target of labor unions for its pay and health benefits policies, selling $4 drugs ''makes more sense as a political air cover'' than ''as a retail strategy.''
Bank of America, meanwhile, said it was cutting back its Brazilian operation sharply, eliminating at least three-fourths of its work force of 200.
But analysts said the bigger fear for Apple was whether the shortfall indicated that the company's much-heralded turnaround -- tied to Mr. Jobs's return to the helm and the introduction of the popular iMac desktop computer -- had run out of gas.
Early this spring when Joshua B. Bolten, a former Goldman Sachs executive, reached out to Mr. Paulson about taking the job, he was receptive, though he had his doubts about how involved his role as an economic policy maker would be, accordingto people who were involved in the discussions.
''Apple hasn't fixed its problems, but at least it got rid of someone who wasn't fixing them,'' Andrew Neff, an analyst for Bear, Stearns & Company, said.
He has also bought four I.B.M.
''Amazon's slogan is world's biggest selection, not world's cheapest prices,'' said Professor Brynjolfsson, who has done pioneering research on information technology and productivity.
Mark Klein was a veteran AT&T technician in 2002 when he began to see what he thought were suspicious connections between that telecommunications giant and the National Security Agency.
As part of the agreement, Citigroup's credit cards will be promoted on MSN, Microsoft's consumer Web site.
General Motors reported a $4.8 billion net loss for the final quarter of 2005 and $8.6 billion in losses for the calendar year.
Also yesterday, the company that operates .biz, NeuLevel Inc., said it had filed a declaratory judgment against Amazon.com in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia.
Microsoft and its partners dismiss the criticism as predictable nitpicking.
AT&T Bets Its Brand Is More Than Nostalgia
I.B.M.
And while many cities can ill afford more cars on their already jammed roads, officials hope that car sales will help stimulate consumer spending and ''turn auto consumption into a major driver of China's economic growth,'' said the president of Shanghai General Motors, Chen Hong.
The Gap seems to think so, staking its fortunes on Madonna's power to ignite a fashion trend by showcasing her in its fall advertising campaign.
The changes came after Mattel, in what has become an all too familiar scenario, stung investors in last year's fourth quarter by reporting an unexpected 67 percent drop in earnings.
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Morgan Stanley, which is merging with Dean Witter, Discover & Company in a transaction valued at more than $10 billion, disclosed 1996 compensation for its five best-paid executives.
Bank of America is working on tentative plans for a new headquarters in Midtown Manhattan, possibly on 42nd Street, New York's boulevard of dreams.
Yahoo announced last week that it had integrated its FareChase technology into its main search engine, so that it can scan multiple sites for airlines, hotels and car rentals and show the lowest-price offers directly in results whenever someone types in, say, ''lowest fares to Las Vegas.''
In a separate development, a United States bankruptcy court judge, Arthur Gonzalez, approved an agreement reached yesterday between WorldCom and Verizon Communications, the large provider of local phone service.
General Motors is the nation's largest advertiser as well as the largest auto maker, having spent $2.2 billion last year on sales pitches for cars, trucks and mini-vans, according to figures compiled by the Competitive Media Reporting unit of VNU N. V. That represented a 30.1 percent increase from the $1.7 billion that G. M. spent on advertising in 1996 and helped make 1997 a record year for American ad spending.
Mr. Boies also presented memos showing that a Compaq executive had agreed in 1997 to make ''side agreements'' with Microsoft, ''given Microsoft's concern that the agreements are defensible'' with other manufacturers ''and the Department of Justice.''
This is just the latest stumble for Comcast, a cable operator that provides high-speed Internet access to about 950,000 customers.
Last month, several community groups and political leaders filed a lawsuit seeking to block the store, and yesterday, Assemblyman Richard N. Gottfried's office said that it had learned that it was unlikely that the lease would go to Costco.
In defending itself against the lawsuit by the Justice Department to block the deal, Oracle called numerous witnesses to testify that it faces many competitors in the business software market and that the merger would not affect product prices.
And cash would assure Disney shareholders of an acceptable value regardless of the share price of Comcast stock.''
I.B.M.
THE MARKETS: Market Place; Big shareholders sold off Coca-Cola Enterprises stock, just as the company was buying it.
''I don't think Time Warner's good will is a wasting asset,'' Mr. Willens said.
''We are disappointed that the European Commission felt the need to execute a dawn raid,'' said the spokesman, John H. Downs Jr. ''However, we are not surprised that the commission included our European operations since it has a continuing investigation into the Coca-Cola system.''
Stock analysts and corporate executives are warning of difficulty of predicting effects of spreading Asian economic turmoil on American corporate profits; say impact will show up more sharply in reports for first quarter than in those to be issued in Jan and Feb; executives of closely-watched Intel Corp and Applied Materials comment (M)
Verizon's other big union, the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, said the talks were going through a typically slow point, namely, trying to complete contract language as the sides traded proposals and counterproposals.
Yahoo will start charging companies that want to ensure that their Web sites are included in its Web index from which research results are selected; practice, called 'paid inclusion,' has long been part of many search engines; Google, which last year surged to become largest site for searching on Internet, disdains practice as misleading; sites will pay from $10 to $49 for each Web page indexed and from 15 cents to $1 each time Yahoo user clicks on link to their sites (M)
Such tests and firings would violate Wal-Mart's rules.
In connection with the transition to his new role, Mr. Weill will continue to hold at least 75 percent of his current 22.3 million shares of Citigroup under the company's stock ownership commitment.
''Now, Comcast expects subscriber growth to be flat in 2003.
For the comparable quarter a year ago, Electronic Arts had sales of $1.4 billion.
The Microsoft case, Mr.
A week ago Thursday, Merck's defense started crumbling, with the arrival of irrefutable evidence from one of the company's own studies that Vioxx doubled a long-term patient's chance of having such problems.
When Nokia sharply cut prices to meet the strong consumer demand for inexpensive phones, Motorola was unable to follow suit without drastically reducing profits.
Wal-Mart has also introduced a new policy on absences that calls for disciplining employees with numerous unexcused days off.
''But on balance, in this environment, I.B.M.
While Cigna does not announce second-quarter earnings until today, Aetna's announcement was a reminder of a dark side to the outlook for Cigna.
While that project has concluded, the I.B.M.
Microsoft wants to compete in that market against traditional makers of cable television equipment, including the General Instrument Corporation and Scientific-Atlanta Inc. Before being acquired by AT&T, TCI had agreed to use Java software from Sun Microsystems Inc. in its advanced set-top boxes.
Comcast has become biggest provider of broadband Internet services, with 3.7 million subscribers, and it is expected to have five million Internet customers by end of year, tying with Earthlink as third-biggest Internet service of any kind after AOL and MSN; Internet service has also become profitable product for other major cable providers, but telephone are still losing money on every broadband subscription; Comcast faces challenge keeping up pace of growth because rivals are cutting prices and spending hundreds of millions of dollars to develop features not offered by Comcast, such as online music, video clips and advanced ways to fight e-mail spam and pop-up ads; Comcast says there is no evidence that people choose broadband service based on such features; photos; graph (M)
''I think that the market has been so jittery that just having them make their numbers is a positive,'' said Mr. Firstbrook, adding that he was surprised that Motorola had not reported earnings per share of a penny above the analysts' consensus, as it has in the previous two quarters.
The same conclusion as to exclusionary effect can be drawn with respect to Microsoft's agreements with AT&T WorldNet, Prodigy and CompuServe, since those contract terms were almost identical to the ones contained in AOL's March 1996 agreement.
Just as the threats of a boycott against American soft drinks because of the war in Iraq appear to have petered out, Coca-Cola and PepsiCo are caught in a whole new controversy here over the water consumed by their bottling plants in southern India.
On the other hand, Mr. Perella, who officially left Morgan Stanley last month, seems ready to cash in on his renown.
Verizon Communications yesterday introduced one of the oldest items in its inventory -- the humble phone booth -- as its newest weapon in the bitter competition to dominate the broadband communications market of the future.
The broadband communications services provider Level 3 Communications said yesterday that its loss in the second quarter widened to $731 million, or $1.99 a share, from $281 million, or 77 cents, in the period last year.
Time Warner's stock has not moved much since Mr. Icahn began his fight.
''Personally, I think if Moody's continues to behave like that, the market evaluation of Moody's will go down,'' he asserted.
Dow Chemical Company fires executives J Pedro Reinhard and Romeo Kreinberg saying they held unauthorized talks with JPMorgan Chase involving potential $52 billion buyout; firings come two days after chief executive Andrew Liveris publicly denies report that company was for sale (M)
to close at $17.875, while Newmont Mining closed at $43, down $1.125.
Even in Canada, where Wal-Mart steamrolled local department store chains when it entered the country as a nonfood retailer in 1994, the grocery trade looms as a challenge.
The judge concluded that Morgan Stanley ''has deliberately and contumaciously violated numerous discovery orders.''
Johnson & Johnson continues its acquisition talks with Guidant; deal could be reached within days, although several sticking points remain, including haggling over price; Johnson & Johnson has offered to pay $75 a share, or $24 billion, but Guidant seeks higher price (M)
The agreement also includes the I.B.M.
A Microsoft spokesman, Mark Murray, said today: ''At this point the states haven't given us any specific information on their concerns.
Prosecutors had sought indictments for market manipulation against Bank of America, Deloitte & Touche and Grant Thornton's former Italian unit, now called Italaudit.
Correction:  July 3, 2003, Thursday  Because of an editing error, an article in Business Day on Friday about plans by Abbott Laboratories to settle an investigation into its sales practices misspelled the name of its partner in a joint venture, TAP Pharmaceutical Products, which earlier settled accusations related to the marketing of a cancer drug.
had been taken by surprise by Apple's decision, according to an I.B.M.
In the briefing with analysts, the company said that while Aetna was suffering from some of the industry's ills, it was also still struggling with the task of melding into a single business the customers, employees and facilities of U.S. Healthcare with those of Aetna, a merger that began a little more than a year ago.
But according to Hani Durzi, an eBay spokesman, when an eBay employee called Ms. Walton at HammerTap and asked to speak to the company's owner, ''she said 'Oh, you mean Ken?'''
<br>Spieker Properties Inc, Menlo Park, Calif, a real estate investment trust, says it entered into letters of intent to acquire approximately $300 million of commercial properties in California and Pacific Northwest; Sunbean Corp signs six new international distributor agreements covering various regions of world; American Express Co and AT&T Capital Corp announce 50-50 joint venture, American Express Capital Finance LLC, that will provide equipment finance to small-business owners (S)
Environmentalists Get Citigroup Pledge
Officials at Airbus Industrie say their design for plane with 500 or more seats will be ready by end of year; Airbus plane is intended to compete with Boeing's planned stretch-747 jumbo jet; Airbus and Boeing had once considered joint venture to produce stretched double-deck, long-range aircraft with 500 or 800 seats (S)
''Does anyone think this settlement is going to change Microsoft's behavior?''
"You're about to see a new AT&T," said Gary Arlen, president of Arlen Communications in Bethesda, Md.
Coca-Cola Enterprises, Coke's primary bottler, also reported its third-quarter earnings yesterday.
Showtime Networks announced yesterday that it would team with Yahoo to stream the episode simultaneously with the New York premiere on March 7 at 10 p.m.
In doing so, Google will more openly challenge Microsoft and its office productivity tools, like Excel and Word, which users must buy for hundreds of dollars.
AOL's proposal was precipitated, in part, by the Bush administration's decision last week to drop demands for the breakup of Microsoft, potentially improving the prospect that regulators would approve an AOL-AT&T Broadband deal, the executives said.
The acquisition makes I.B.M.
And with an eye on the success of Starbucks, Mr. Sassoon plans to expand across the United States and even take Coffee Bean public.
Reflecting that concern, America Online's stock price slipped a bit today, closing down $2.1875 to $71.25 a share, while Time Warner's shares jumped $25.25, to $90.
That works out to about $10 million for each case that has gone to a jury, a price unsustainable for any company, even one like Merck that had $6 billion in profit last year.
David A. Viniar, the chief financial officer at Goldman Sachs, said that if the markets remained weak, more layoffs would be in store.
Wife and three children of Ghassan Koujan, man killed in crash of EgyptAir Flight 990, sue airline and Boeing for $25 million each (S)
The consortium -- which is led by Cisco Systems Inc., the giant Internet networking company, and Motorola Inc., the maker of wireless telephone products -- is essentially backing an alternative to delivering broadband Internet access through underground cables and wires.
The AT&T unit beat out other companies that were bidding for the project, including KDD of Japan, Alcatel of France and Cable and Wireless of Britain.
Mr. McCain, Republican of Arizona, was long a critic of Boeing's relationship with the Air Force and an investigation by his committee led to the Justice Department inquiry into Air Force contracts with the company.
That appeal, which is likely to take a couple of years, continues, and Microsoft expressed optimism that it would eventually prevail in court.
When Coke agreed to Wal-Mart's request to change its delivery system for Powerade, some of its smaller bottlers felt burned.
The consumer advocate and corporate critic Ralph Nader, never a favorite of conservatives who oppose broad government regulation of business, now finds himself on the same side as Bob Dole and Robert H. Bork in their efforts to persuade the Justice Department to crack down on the Microsoft Corporation.
''But the state has said to I.B.M.
Morgan Stanley has since announced that it has agreed to buy the old Texaco headquarters in Westchester County and build a backup data center there as a way of spreading out its operations.
Despite its lower prices, Mr. Hastings said, Netflix will remain profitable because it can continue to add subscribers and thereby make more efficient use of existing inventory.
And Citigroup announced the $15 million contribution to the Citigroup Relief Fund, which will provide scholarships to the children of victims of the attack on the World Trade Center.
Revenue that Pfizer earned from alliances with other companies to co-promote several drugs -- including Lipitor and the arthritis drug Celebrex -- more than doubled to $569 million.
Metro Business; Costco Drops Plan For West Side Store
Comcast would then sell at least some of its stake in Time Warner Cable as part of an initial public offering next year.
Microsoft Corp antitrust trial shifts to new phase during which penalty, or remedy, will be decided (S)
For the first half, Interpublic reported a net loss of $22.3 million, or 8 cents a share, compared with a net loss of $34.2 million, or 6 cents a share, in the same period a year earlier.
Ms. Edwards quit after an inquiry into a $10,000 payment Morgan Stanley made to an informant, Charles Luethke, whose help led to the arrest of Christian Curry, a former Morgan Stanley employee.
The Interpublic agencies in the HSBC review faced off against teams of agencies owned by the Omnicom Group in New York and the Publicis Groupe in Paris as well as WPP.
The move is a tactical step by International Business Machines to accelerate the development of speech applications and to outmaneuver rivals, especially Microsoft, in a market that is expected to grow rapidly in the next few years with increased use in customer-service call centers, cars and elsewhere.
raises the stakes considerably for Apple.
''Brazil has an internal debt problem, but it does not have an external debt problem,'' Mr. Reed added, noting that Citigroup has yet to see any significant economic pressure on Argentina because of Brazil's problems.
In pursuit of this goal, Microsoft sought to convince developers to concentrate on Windows-specific API'sS and ignore interfaces exposed by the two incarnations of middleware that posed the greatest threat, namely, Netscape's Navigator Web browser and Sun's implementation of the Java technology.
But that also means that Aon will not receive commissions that it had anticipated, further hurting earnings.
Last week, Microsoft agreed to pay $440 million to InterTrust Technologies Corporation to settle a three-year-old patent infringement suit.
Ms. Goldfarb said she could not find anyone at Bristol-Myers Squibb who received the complaint from the ethnic coalition and noted that the ads were being taken down, though only because the campaign had run its course, not because of criticism.
WHEN Steve Jobs, Apple's chief executive, introduced the $499 Mac Mini in January, he called it a ''bring your own display, keyboard and mouse'' machine.
The new campaign shows the Cingular logo being transformed into an AT&T globe.
The International Business Machines computer is based on a computing technology, called BlueGene/L, that takes an approach radically different from that used by the Japanese supercomputer, called the Earth Simulator.
George Lucas's movie company, Lucasfilm Ltd, announces that next three films in 'Star Wars' series, one of most powerful franchises ever produced, will be distributed by 20th Century Fox, film division of News Corp; first new 'Star Wars' film, which is currently untitled, is scheduled to be released in May 1999 (S)
(Revenge came later, when Home Depot's muscle helped put Handy Dan out of business.)
After its initial proposal to Adobe, Mr. Ebrahimi wrote a second letter to Adobe.
Saying it will be at the center of the ''wired world,'' Motorola also made its biggest acquisition last year, buying the General Instrument Corporation, the largest maker of cable set-top boxes, in the hope of establishing itself in the interactive-television market.
Kodak will also acquire NexPress G.m.b.H., Heidelberg's German subsidiary based in Kiel.
Microsoft has argued that unbundling Media Player from Windows would prevent the operating system from working properly.
Motorola Inc will add 2,000 more workers to its previously announced job cuts, bringing total in last year to 32,000 (S)
It also weathers financial shocks and recessions better than single-employer plans, because the ups and downs of the participating companies often offset each other.
It now conducts about 60 percent of its research over the Internet, which has accelerated the pace, said Gayle Fuguitt, General Mills' vice president of consumer insights and a MarketTools board member.
Heavy damage sustained by Verizon Communications building in Lower Manhattan on Sept 11 underscores vulnerability of communications networks operated by Verizon and other telephone companies--sprawling systems that rely heavily on critical hubs; telephone network, including dedicated data lines used by big corporations, financial institutions and others, does not have Internet's self-detouring abilities; telehpone network's voice and data lines are superior in quality and carrying capacityto Internet, but when telephone network is damaged, it cannot heal itself; Verizon has worked around the clock to restore operations and service to its customers, but company indicates that significantly reducing building's network vulnerabilities would require more time or money than company is willing to expend; photos (M)
The Merck-Medco relationship was ''a lightning rod for criticism, whether merited or not,'' the chairman and chief executive of Medco, David Snow, said.
Procter to Cut 9,600 Jobs In Drive to Trim Its Overhead
In August 1997, Microsoft and Apple did announce a deal in which Apple agreed to make Internet Explorer the default browser on its Macintosh machines.
''To some extent, Oracle and PeopleSoft are fighting this battle on the backs of their customers,'' said Léo Apotheker, SAP's president for global field operations, who is spearheading the effort.
patients or giving up all Aetna patients.
Mr. Loring, the company's current design director, is the author of ''Louis Comfort Tiffany at Tiffany & Company'' (Harry N. Abrams, 2002), in which he writes: ''By 1979, when I came to Tiffany & Company as design director, Hoving's direction had in no way changed.
The many connections among Home Depot's directors cause some critics to ask whether the nominating committee is failing in finding truly ''independent'' board members.
''In the creative professional market, Apple has always had a pretty strong market share, and it is possible people are coming back,'' he said.
Some critics said Marriott, run by several prominent members of the Mormon Church, though not affiliated in any way with the church itself, should drop its adult movies, given the stand against explicit sexual materials that Mormons have long taken.
''Sometimes you have to take positions in legal cases for a larger purpose, even if it does give you public relations problems,'' said William H. Neukom, Microsoft's senior vice president for law and corporate affairs.
General Motors, critics said, ignored these rules, which compounded its problems.
And Citigroup's earnings, like those of other banks, are under attack as short-term interest rates rise while long-term rates hold steady.
If recycling fees are charged to new computer buyers, companies like I.B.M.
Microsoft had said all along that it would appeal the judge's preliminary injunction, which was issued last Thursday.
It enlisted actors including Susan Sarandon and Daryl Hannah to appear on television advertisements, asking Citigroup customers to cut up their credit cards.
Other Microsoft stockholders said they remained high on Mr. Gates, but agreed with the man who criticized the company's legal strategy.
New York Atty Gen Eliot L Spitzer is using damaging e-mail exchanges to help build bid-rigging case against giant insurance broker Marsh & McLennan Cos, tactic he used successfully against stock analysts; charges Marsh directed business to insurers that paid it kickbacks, while using sham bids from other insurers to create illusion of competition (M)
Like Amazon's management, the people who run rei.com are proud of their results and have big plans for the future.
At one point, he allowed Richard C. Godfrey, a lawyer for Allstate, to argue against the agents' lawsuit rather than following the customary approach of permitting the agents' lawyers, who had brought the issue to the court, to state their case first.
Executives for Comcast and for the other companies declined to comment.
Antitrust regulators will fine Microsoft 497 million euros ($613 million) on Wednesday, when the European Commission formally rules that the company abused its monopoly in computer operating systems, people close to the company said on Monday.
In the poll, questioners were asked how they ranked their state attorney general's pursuit of the Microsoft case against other issues.
Microsoft, the world's largest software maker, said it would appeal the ruling to the European courts.
Amazon.com and Toys 'R' Us jointly open Imaginarium.com, online store for specialty and educational toys (S)
At a more basic level, Microsoft and Apple have incorporated digital photo management suites into their latest operating systems, Windows XP and Mac OS X.
Stephanie Fagan, a spokeswoman for Johnson & Johnson, said that Medicare should not have acted until a final decision by the F.D.A.
As Ms. Barad stepped down, Mattel, based in El Segundo, Calif., reported a loss of $82 million, or 21 cents a share, for the year.
Advice to Help Kodak Compete in the New World of Digital Photography
He said that Microsoft would pursue the computer security market aggressively.
But courts have so far sided with Amgen in a protracted battle.
Patti Smith, a spokeswoman for Amazon, said that it believed that authors and publishers were wrong to complain.
Cisco and KPMG have each agreed to spend up to $20 million on the project, according to people close to the companies.
Since he will be succeeded by A. Douglas Melamed, his chief lieutenant and right-hand man in the Microsoft matter and other major pending cases, officials said the resignation would have no impact on the direction of the antitrust division.
''AOL, before and after its merger with Time Warner, is a serious competitor on a wide range of businesses,'' Jim Cullinan, a Microsoft spokesman, said in an interview.
Wall Street has also been worried about when Boston Scientific will be able to satisfy regulators that it has dealt with quality-control shortcomings cited in separate warning letters sent to Guidant in December and Boston Scientific in January.
In recent quarters, investors have expressed skepticism about Amazon's aggressive price-cutting strategy and the effect of that on gross margins.
But she acknowledged that she had already been a three-times-a-month Wal-Mart shopper for groceries and clothes.
Saying It Has a Future, Apple Puts Its Past on the Podium
has not withdrawn its bid, many analysts say that is mainly a tactic to prevent Honeywell shareholders from suing G.E.
After Sept. 1, EBay Stores will charge sellers a monthly subscription fee of $9.95 plus a fee of five cents per listing.
Netflix will introduce streaming video service free to subscribers as answer to growing number of download services; increased competition from online retailers as well as movie rental leader Blockbuster worries investors about Netflix's future; chief executive Reed Hastings believes DVD market will continue to be strong; photos; graph (M)
Mr. Schmidt did not say what would happen if someone from Yahoo made the most accurate guess.
Interpublic Hires Fallon Executive
The computer is based around a 2-gigahertz Intel Celeron processor and Windows XP Home Edition.
In 1995, Microsoft abandoned a $2.2 billion bid for Intuit, a leader in personal finance and tax preparation software, after the Justice Department objected.
Ford Motor Co, Chrysler Group of DaimlerChrysler and auto parts company Visteon reach tentative agreement on four-year contracts with United Automobile Workers union; terms undisclosed; union president Ron Gettelfinger comments; negotiations are continuing with General Motors and auto parts company Delphi, which was spun off from GM in 1999; photo (M)
Pfizer to Explore Sale or Spinoff of a Division
In the current deal, in which Microsoft is reported to seek a Comcast stake of about 15 percent, it appears that Microsoft's immediate interest is in using Comcast's distribution pipeline for the Microsoft Network.
The lawyers who brought the case say their goal is nothing less than to press Wal-Mart to change the way it treats its more than 700,000 employees who are women.
In Connecticut, the home of Aetna, one of the nation's largest health insurers, and a base for Cigna and Anthem, Richard Blumenthal, the attorney general, said he was seeking details on price-rigging and price-fixing, particularly among brokers, agents and health care and auto insurers.
Paul Maritz, a senior executive at the Microsoft Corporation, is returning to his roots as a programmer as part of the company's campaign to persuade software developers to continue to rely on its technology despite the rise of the Internet.
Mr. Bedol said the difficulty of reaching consumers with marketing messages made the format of ''Nike Training Camp'' compelling.
The Canadian Press quoted George Capern, president of Boeing Canada, as saying that the Toronto wing plant, which employs about 2,000, would be phased out unless additional work was found.
United Parcel Service operates community service program for managers; company invests some $500,000 a year to send managers through four-week corporate volunteer program; photo (M)
Another is by hiring senior executives for ambitious tasks, like Christopher J. Coughlin, chief operating officer and chief financial officer, to lead a charge to win back investor confidence, and Kevin Allen, chief growth officer, to encourage clients to expand their relationships with Interpublic.
Motorola has also seen a sharp slowdown in its paging business.
Microsoft's legal woes next year may extend overseas.
''It's not unusual for terminated associates at Wal-Mart or anywhere else to claim that they were fired for reasons other than the real misconduct.''
The Blackstone Group and Morgan Stanley advised Comcast; and Davis Polk & Wardwell and Ballard Spahr Andrews & Ingersoll provided legal advice.
Microsoft had reason to be red-faced about the incident yesterday -- first, because the company was unable to identify the employee who forged an E-mail message on Tuesday accusing America Online of irresponsible behavior, and second, because whoever did it sent the message to the one computer security expert who was most likely to trace it back to Microsoft.
board, was elected chairman of the National Democratic Committee and promptly moved its offices into the General Motors Building in New York.
On a pro forma basis, which excludes certain one-time expenses, Cisco had net income of $1.4 billion, or 22 cents a share, up from $1.3 billion, or 18 cents, and in line with analysts' average forecast of 22 cents.
Adding to concerns about the security of personal information, Time Warner yesterday reported the loss of computer backup tapes containing sensitive data, including the names and Social Security numbers of about 600,000 people.
I'm confident that the innovation and creativity that have always been characteristic of Microsoft are going to continue, no matter what the form is.''
The Target Corporation, too, sells apparel on its Amazon-based store, with Target handling the sales, shipping and customer service.
In interviews, many -- though not all -- industry executives who discussed the government's plan for Microsoft said they were skeptical that slicing off Microsoft's application business would create a meaningful resurgence in applications software.
Boeing says the only issue is $15 billion in launch aid that Airbus has received over the last 30 years.
Goodyear also said that productivity gains cut $1.08 from the cost of every tire it shipped last year.
But since 1998, the sign has been synonymous with Citigroup, which acquired it when Citicorp merged with Travelers.
While many manufacturers of consumer products have stumbled in recent months, Johnson & Johnson consumer sales increased 14 percent in the quarter, to $921 million.
The idea that even Wal-Mart, the biggest success story in retailing in recent years, was struggling was taken as a sign of wider problems.
Dr. McGuire said the Humana acquisition would bring eventual savings of $100 million to $250 million by eliminating overlapping administrative costs and ''a couple hundred million'' through efficiencies in medical care, including $100 million from lower payments to hospitals.
Mr. Ivester has been seen as the heir apparent at Coca-Cola since 1994, when he was named president, and for more than a year, Mr. Ivester has been actively running the company, while Mr. Goizueta focused on strategy.
Investment fund led by unit of Prudential Insurance Co that lost control of Prague television station in 2001 will seek to recover more than 1 billion crowns, or $34.3 million, from Czech government (S)
German financial magazine Wirtschafts Woche reports Microsoft head Bill Gates is interested in buying Nintendo; many Web sites and several news services pick up report, and Microsoft's public relations team shifts into gear for damage control and denial (M)
In December, James M. Kilts, Gillette's chief executive, approached Procter, according to executives close to the negotiations.
Leading the computer industry's invasion is a new device known as the Media Center PC, with a processor designed by Intel and software created by Microsoft.
In fact, the development of the new Core microprocessor, which will be announced at the electronics show, was the work of a team of Israeli chip designers, who are more emblematic of the old Intel than the new one.
EADS, a military contractor backed by France and Germany, has said it would forgo $1.7 billion in state loans, known as launch aid, for the A350, provided that Boeing gives up what it says are indirect subsidies from the Pentagon; from Japan, which is building components of the 787; and from Washington State, where the plane is to be assembled.
Oracle initially said it would discontinue PeopleSoft's products and prod those customers to migrate to its software.
For Jeffrey R. Immelt, who was named the next chairman and chief executive of the General Electric Company yesterday, that task will be even harder, as he will follow John F. Welch Jr., who has led G.E.
IBM reports solid gains in sales and profit for first quarter, showing again company has made itself into bulwark of comparative stability amid deep slump in technology business; revenue was $20.1 billion, up 11 percent from year earlier; profit increased 8 percent; chief financial officer John Joyce comments (Market Place column) (M)
The decisions come at a time when all of the cable news and broadcast networks are having a hard time attracting sponsors to their 9/11 programming.
''The Bancrofts are under tremendous pressure to accept News Corp.'s offer, and that pressure will only become greater in the likely event that Murdoch raises his bid.''
The investigation appears to have caught I.B.M.
In the course of the negotiations, AOL Time Warner has been trying to win a preferred spot on AT&T's cable systems for the America Online Internet service, according to people close to the negotiations.
John M. Devine, the chief financial officer of General Motors, said today that the strength of the dollar continued to hurt United States manufacturers and that G.M.
Interpublic is making some headway with its financial problems as a deadline approaches.
Many analysts say they do believe that Kodak is heading down a workable path, at least in improving its earnings.
Intel Corp says its revenue for fourth quarter will be $9.3 billion to $9.5 billion, substantially higher than $8.6 billion to $9.2 billion company predicted in October; says demand for its chips has risen; photo (M)
Mr. Bonsignore and two other Honeywell executives will join G.E.
He also recently helped to renegotiate Interpublic's debt with a consortium of banks and helped arrange the sale of a research division, the NFO WorldGroup, to Taylor Nelson Sofres in London for $435 million.
Mr. Scala estimated that Merck's long-term rate of sales growth would fall to 5 percent from 10 percent with the spinoff.
Apple's woes have tested the loyalty of the millions of people who still use its computers and the software makers who write programs that run on the company's Macintosh machines.
For 10 years, I.B.M.
Amgen shares closed yesterday down $2.06, or 4 percent, to $54.01.
Now that role falls to Microsoft.
It was not clear that this argument actually offered Nike much assistance.
Microsoft, the court ruled, repeatedly bullied PC makers and others to favor its browser over Netscape.
Mr. Ive came to Apple five years ago after working with the computer maker on its first Powerbooks as a consultant at the London-based Tangerine design firm, known for innovative consumer products.
The further delay in the earnings report adds to uncertainties related to persistent speculation that Havas Advertising in Paris or the Interpublic Group of Companies in New York is preparing a bid to acquire True North, which indicated after the Chrysler Group loss that it might be open to takeover overtures.
Since October, when Texaco, the oil company headquartered in Harrison, N.Y., announced that it had agreed to be acquired by Chevron Corporation and that the new headquarters would be in San Francisco, it had been assumed that the corporate presence in Westchester County would shrink, but it was not clear by how much.
In 1991, the agency began an antitrust investigation of Intel based on complaints that the company was illegally trying to squeeze smaller chip makers out of business.
While the change put Mr. Daft even more firmly in charge of the company's future direction, analysts were divided about whether the restructuring will help him accomplish his goal of reviving Coke's fortunes.
A Target spokeswoman would not comment on those assertions, but in court the company offered testimony from three blind users rebutting the federation's arguments.
''This comes down to a balancing act for Merck,'' said Steven Tighe, a pharmaceuticals analyst with Merrill Lynch.
Leading its rivals in bearishness on Japan's prospects, Moody's Investors Service lowered its credit rating on Japan's yen debts for the second time in three months, and suggested that further cuts might be coming.
If it wins the case, it and Aventis, the big European company that is its partner, would be able to compete for part of the estimated $4 billion in annual EPO sales, most of which is now split between Amgen and its licensee, Johnson & Johnson.
could pressure aircraft builders to take a bundle of products, including Honeywell's avionics equipment, which would give Honeywell an unfair advantage over its competitors.
The charge, which was widely expected, was slightly higher than what was anticipated by investors and analysts and will result in Boeing's first annual loss since 1947.
The drug that attracted most attention was one for osteoporosis, based on Amgen's scientific research, which is entering the final stage of human clinical trials.
With the country's largest retail branch presence and the biggest credit card portfolio since merging with MBNA, Bank of America's earnings not only reflect its recent performance, but also may be an indicator on the health of consumer spending.
That was a group of hot growth stocks like Xerox, Polaroid and Avon that had led the market for some time.
In a departure from its practice of buying domestic chains with strong local name recognition, Wal-Mart started by building its business in China on its own.
Buying Associates First would give Citigroup a lending business to match the $77 billion in deposits it holds outside of the United States.
Moreover, he ordered Microsoft to pay Eolas more than $45 million in ''prejudgment interest'' while it prepares to appeal the ruling.
Iva and Ron Bradley Richmond, Va, go through a nightmare when they take cruise in March through southern Caribbean with their son, Brad, and daughter, Amy; 23-year-old Amy disappears midway through the cruise aboard Royal Caribbean's Rhapsody of the Seas, and Bradleys never learn what happened to her; case illustrates difficulties that can arise when possible crime occurs outside immediate reach of law-enforcement authorities, and how cruise lines struggle to balance investigations with protecting their reputations; photo (M)
''We are concerned about the possibility that Vista will include software elements which are available separately either sold by Microsoft or by other software companies,'' Mr. Todd said.
The company said it would stop building two narrow-body aircraft that compete with the Boeing 737, the MD-80 and MD-90, after current orders are filled in mid-1999.
Correction:  January 26, 2001, Friday  A front-page article yesterday about efforts by the Monsanto Company to influence government regulation of genetically engineered foods misstated the publication date of an essay by the company's former chief executive, Robert Shapiro, that acknowledged strategic errors by the company.
''When Vanessa was there, food sales began to increase at a rate of 30 to 40 percent a year due to Wal-Mart Supercenter expansion,'' said Jeffrey Feiner, a retail analyst with Lehman Brothers.
Immediately after the merger, Verizon employed Hewitt to help it assess overall human resources costs.
Mr. Murdoch said the Western news media had unfairly portrayed China in a negative light.
However, analysts said today that Apple's strategy would probably make it a three-way race.
''Had Microsoft not undercut Java the way it did it would likely be more popular on desktops today,'' said David Smith, an analyst at Gartner Inc. ''But now there are other alternatives.
''Some of these things are the subjects of whole trials,'' John Warden, a Microsoft lawyer, complained to Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson of United States District Court at a hearing this afternoon.
But he said he was not certain that PC's were the perfect match for Starbucks.
''The decree should say outside firms will be treated equally instead of giving Microsoft a head start.''
Much of Microsoft's success over the years can be traced to its understanding of and catering to rank-and-file developers.
Wal-Mart's directors and shareholders have been keenly aware of such pressures on the company.
One new market that Wal-Mart will focus on intensely is Hispanic consumers, who Mr. Scott said ''have a greater affinity for Wal-Mart stores than any other part of the U.S.
''This is vintage Microsoft and vintage Bill Gates,'' Mr. Herbold said in an interview last week.
Carl C. Icahn, the billionaire financier, is not finished with Time Warner yet.
Some industry executives even now believe that Boeing is taking the 717 on tour as a prelude to canceling it by fulfilling its contractual obligations to suppliers to make its best sales effort.
''Phil is the kind of guy who is not going to take no for an answer,'' said Mr. Bethune, who later joined Boeing for several years before returning to the airline industry.
Over strong objections from the Microsoft Corporation, a Federal judge ordered the company today to turn over to the Government the source code for its operating system and make its chairman, William H. Gates, and 16 other executives available for pretrial depositions that last as long the Justice Department deems necessary.
Even so, health policy experts said that in shifting more health costs to workers and retirees, General Motors still appeared to be years behind big companies in most other industries in addressing runaway health care costs.
Ex-Chief of Netscape Criticizes Microsoft's Penalty Proposal
Ford Motor Co reaches preliminary agreement to settle lawsuits in five states by paying to replace defective ignition systems in millions of cars that, many owners said, could cause them to stall in dangerous situations; settlement is structured as warranty extension and not recall, but safety experts say it will affect more cars than any recall in nation's history; company was accused by judge in 2000 of enormous cover-up by concealing design defect from both regulators and consumers; estimated 22 million cars contained faulty ignition system, and as many as 15 million are believed to still be on road; most were produced between 1983 and 1995; some lawyers for car owners estimate cost of settlement at between $750 million and $1 billion; under proposed deal Ford will also pay lawyers for car owners $29 million; photo (M)
Dorothy Bailey, 75, retired early from General Motors in 1967 after just a decade, but still gets benefits.
It processes 64 bits of data at a time, rath er than the 32 bits handled by Intel's current crop of microprocessors.
''The traditional investment banks are finding the new competitive structure very threatening and are reacting with all the weapons they can think of,'' said Michael Carpenter, the chairman of Citigroup's corporate and investment bank.
For years, the benefit packages of General Motors were considered to be so good that the company was known among workers and retirees as Generous Motors.
Until the appointment of Mr. Weber, Barry Linsky, senior vice president for planning and business development at Interpublic, had doubled as the chairman and chief executive at Allied Communications.
The deal would solidify Mr. Murdoch's control over some of the nation's most valuable media assets like the Fox broadcast network and the DirecTV satellite service and help simplify the complicated structure of his far-flung company, the News Corporation, which includes newspapers, television, film and satellite assets around the globe.
Other kinds of stores accounted for 27 percent, about half from discounters like Wal-Mart and price clubs like Costco.
A big Canadian pension plan is going to court to challenge a Molson decision to allow its employees to vote their options as if they were shares in the balloting on its proposed merger with the Adolph Coors Company.
Speaking at the Paris Air Show, Mr. Stonecipher said Boeing would offer the transfers to other company employees first and then look in the Chicago area.
Microsoft appears to have heard, and heeded, such predictions.
Ms. Williams said, ''It is not Wal-Mart's role to monitor the opinions of our consultants or how they express them on their own time.''
David Katz, the chief investment officer of Matrix Asset Advisors, which manages about $1.5 billion, said the decline reflected Wall Street's panic over potential product liability lawsuits rather than a careful calculation of the real impact of the Celebrex problems on Pfizer.
Kenneth L. Lay, chairman of Enron, has for years been an informal adviser and close friend to Mr. Bush and an important campaign fund-raiser.
The views of Central Park that have been selling points for the expensive apartments, restaurants and hotel in the new Time Warner Center at Columbus Circle will also have a television role -- as backdrops for some of the elaborately equipped studios and other broadcast facilities being installed in the building for CNN News and its financial network.
Britain's public service broadcaster, the British Broadcasting Corporation, said on Wednesday that it had been in touch with the American media giants Time Warner and Walt Disney, as well as other companies including Germany's Bertelsman, to discuss options for its BBC Worldwide commercial subsidiary.
''We can give customers authentic and very provocative insight with the artists that they know or that they may not know,'' said Kathy Savitt, an Amazon vice president responsible for the Web site's content.
AT&T now plans to phase out the Interchange service.
Throughout these efforts, the complaint says, Andersen fully understood the extent of the accounting misrepresentations and repeatedly tried to press Waste Management executives to change their practices or correct errors, with little success.
Emulating the continental spread of Starbucks -- which has more than 2,800 outlets worldwide and which last year had $1.7 billion in sales -- will mean succeeding where other coffee chains have failed, analysts warn.
The Intel Corporation began selling its fastest line of microprocessors for thin-and-light notebook computers yesterday.
Six months ago, only 30 percent of Boeing's engineers and technical workers were members of the union, but the portion has since climbed to 63 percent, according to Mr. Bofferding.
In one of his first gestures as chief executive, Mr. Perez visited the headquarters of several chains, charming the stores but upsetting Nike's sales staff.
So Global Crossing's shares, which traded above $51 before the original  Frontier deal was announced, have plunged, closing yesterday at $24.
Kodak Profits Slid 37.7% in 4th Quarter
Intel contended that the Pentium chips had relied on some of the same memory technology in the Clipper chips.
The components market into which I.B.M.
Among other attempts to impeach Dr. Tevanian's testimony, Mr. Edelman suggested that Apple brought a threat of its own to the negotiations last year, saying that it would file a $1.2 billion lawsuit contending that Microsoft had infringed on Apple patents.
An Intel spokeswoman confirmed yesterday that computers not using Intel's wireless module would be unable to use its new Centrino brand name, which Intel has committed $300 million to advertise and cooperatively market.
But however friendly or hostile the relationship between AT&T and Comcast becomes, the ultimate disposition of AT&T's cable assets may not be known for months.
''The first attribute that comes to mind with Palmisano is 'nice guy,' '' said Bob Djurdevic, president of Annex Research in Phoenix, who is one of I.B.M.
Amazon's fierce No.
Waste Management Inc announces broad reorganization plan that will eliminate 20 percent of its corporate and support staff, about 1,200 employees, and save $100 million annually; moves follow unexpected departure last month of Ronald T LeMay as chief executive (M)
The question is whether Boeing and Airbus will ever get to that point.
Barnesandnoble.com and Yahoo declined to disclose the terms of the deal.
Broadcom says Intel's patent infringement lawsuit against it is specious litigation aimed at discouraging Intel employees from seeking jobs at Broadcom; says it has not infringed upon any Intel patents (S)
Intel executives also contend that the agency will be unable to show that the company's decision to withhold information from its customers resulted in any harm to competition or kept chip prices artificially high.
In a document filed with the court last week, Apple asked that, among other things, every aspect of the donation program, including teacher training, be handled independently of Microsoft, with oversight to ensure impartiality.
In the future, two versions of the monitoring device will be available, ones built into the doors of new containers and ones that can be retrofitted on an interior door post of old containers, said Walt Dixon, project leader for port and cargo security at the General Electric Global Research Center in Niskayuna, N.Y.
Todd Oldham designs new line of housewares for Target, aimed at young people; photos (M)
Robbie Bach, chief Xbox officer at Microsoft, said the company would have 600,000 to 800,000 consoles and 15 to 20 games available for sale.
On Thursday, at a meeting in Las Vegas for plaintiffs' lawyers only, those who are suing Merck, or plan to, expect to discuss specific strategies.
Interpublic ''is making progress toward the peer group in the ways we'd been expecting, which is great, but we'd already expected that,'' Mr. Russell said in an interview after the call.
But Wal-Mart executives believe that cars and suburban shopping are the wave of the future.
Wall Street analysts are being too optimistic about sales of Windows Vista, Steven A. Ballmer, Microsoft's chief executive, told financial analysts in New York on Thursday.
The Coke decision drew immediate praise from people who have been pushing to change the accounting.
Sun Microsystems Inc, moving to maintain its hold on Internet, says that Solaris 8, latest version of its operating system, will ship on Feb 28; announcement comes as Microsoft Corp prepares to ship Windows 2000 on Feb 17 (M)
The suit, filed on behalf of Micron shareholders, contended that Mr. Vinik's remarks were intended to manipulate the stock price, allowing Mr. Vinik to sell more easily.
Intuit Inc.  said yesterday that it would broaden its QuickBooks line of accounting software to serve business customers and specific business segments in an effort to increase profit.
Citing a decline in Internet advertising revenue, the News Corporation and the Walt Disney Company said this year that they intended to buy back their separately traded online affiliates.
A.T.& T. calls it Accumaster Management Services.
Richard McGowan, a spokesman for Dentsu Y.& R. in Sydney, Australia, said the subsidiary would assume control of Thai operations like advertising, sales and marketing that had been handled for Nike by a local distributor.
My Yahoo, which was used by 20 million people last month, is undergoing a more radical change that will allow users to put information from more than 150,000 sources on their custom pages.
Mr. Bolkestein warned that ordering Microsoft to disclose code, which is protected by copyright and to a lesser extent by patents, could make the commission vulnerable to a legal challenge by the company at the European Court of Justice in Luxembourg.
needed an extended-stay hotel, both because of a growing number of companies doing business with I.B.M.
Apple is hoping it can persuade other popular artists to sign similar deals.
Jackie and her older sister Jennifer turned to an old friend of Mr. Eakman's, Reggie Valentine, a retired manager at I.B.M.
Bancroft family, which controls Dow Jones & Co, meets by phone to discuss pledge by Rupert Murdoch to give them seat on board of News Corp if it buys Dow Jones, and to guard independence of company's newspaper Wall Street Journal; group of Wall Street Journal reporters based in China urged Bancroft family in letter dated May 10 to reject Murdoch's bid (M)
For Leslie Moonves, the chief executive of the CBS Corporation, it was a week to savor.
is already examining accusations by California utility regulators and Southern California Edison that El Paso's marketing affiliate used its control of the pipeline space last year to curtail the flow of gas so that it could drive up prices during winter.
Microsoft Corp appeals Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson's order that pretrial questioning of its chairman, William H Gates, and 16 employees in Government's antitrust action be opened to public and news media; Jackson refuses to postpone order he issued that depositions of Gates and others take place soon so that Sept 8 trial date he has set is not delayed; appeal will be heard within the next week (M)
But he said it was unlikely that Microsoft would invest in a phone company.
AOL Time Warner Said to Be Pursuing AT&T's Cable Unit
Microsoft issued a press release early yesterday morning saying that it had held discussions with SAP, the big German maker of business software, about buying that company.
Few of Xerox's sales people speak their language; most of Hewlett's sales people do.
Though the summer months are a slow period, Yahoo found that both the volume and the prices of advertisements had increased in the quarter.
Last year, Apple sold 32 million iPods, or one every second.
''Microsoft is engaged in a pretense about people working for Microsoft not being its employees,'' said Stephen K. Strong, one of the plaintiffs' lawyers.
He said as well that Yahoo would find it harder to sell any new services to its customers than AOL would because it did not have credit-card billing information already on file, as AOL did for its 30 million members.
In a building next to Intel's corporate headquarters here, the focused ion beam technology is now employed -- often around the clock -- as part of an arsenal of microimaging and ''surgical'' tools used to locate design flaws and performance bottlenecks and make changes in circuit wires that are frequently no more than several hundred atoms in width.
Amazon's most unfortunate decision was to borrow a lot of money when its stock was hot, even though it could have gotten virtually free capital from stock buyers.
Mr. Flanagan, at a news conference in Brunswick, Me., on Tuesday, said that under the agreement Entergy would take over the day-to-day operations of the plant and would assign a senior executive to be the plant's chief nuclear officer.
The speculation focused not on the 18-year-old Mayo's deft passing or feathery jump shot, but on the white and blue Nike sneakers that he wore.
'' I think we have been about as inefficient as we can be and that is why we have taken a huge charge,'' said Harry Stonecipher, Boeing's president.
Once a customer watches a film and mails it back, Netflix sends out the next on a list of movies created online by the customer.
Three managing directors left Morgan Stanley, Dean Witter, Discover & Company last week to start their own arbitrage firm.
''Hopefully,'' she said, ''we will be able to continue to capitalize on the flight-to-quality among enterprise customers toward AT&T.''
The Roberts family -- of five siblings, only Brian works at Comcast -- controls 33 percent of the shareholder votes.
''If Cisco is using Selectica to configure routers, 3Com looks at that and says, 'This stuff works, we're going to do this for ourselves as well.'
''This is not about Morgan Stanley,'' he said.
Amazon.com, with help of A9 subsidiary, joins Yahoo, Google and other companies by introducing electronic equivalent of yellow pages local search service that can display photos of neighborhood businesses (M)
Weeks to get a business degree from Harvard -- and got Corning to pay for it, ''so that Wendell would feel obligated to us and not tempted to leave,'' Mr. Houghton said.
The challenge came from Take-Two Interactive Software, which teamed up with Sega to sell sports titles at cut-rate prices, forcing Electronic Arts to lower its prices as much as 50 percent.
The contract has been thrown into turmoil because of recent scandals involving Boeing's government-contracting process, as well as the broader question of whether the tankers are needed.
Michael J. Trevino, a spokesman for Allstate, said high profits this year were no reason not to seek federal assistance.
Intel cut the price of its 400-megahertz Pentium II processor from $824 to $722, or about 12 percent; the 350-megahertz from $621 to $519, or 16 percent; the 333-megahertz from $492 to $412, or 16 percent; the 300-megahertz from $375 to $305, or 19 percent; the 266-megahertz from $246 to $198, or 20 percent, and the 233-megahertz from $198 to $161, or 19 percent.
When Kevin Britten won Apple Computer's sweepstakes for downloading song number 100 million from the iTunes service last week, the 20-year-old Kansas resident disappointed customers who had been tracking iTunes sales in hopes of winning a Mac, an iPod music player and 10,000 free songs.
The main reason for buying PricewaterhouseCoopers Consulting was to add its complementary set of skills to I.B.M., said Virginia Rometty, the I.B.M.
Xilinx will build a 128,000-square-foot plant at its Dublin location and hire 500 employees, basing more than a quarter of its work force in Ireland.
About 3,000 of them are listed at Internet Sleuth (www.isleuth.com) in Yahoo-style directories.
The Digital allegations come to light as Microsoft is preparing to defend itself in a antitrust trial later this month.
Tire failures and rollovers involving Bridgestone/Firestone and the Ford Motor Company have emerged as the biggest product liability controversy in years, and Venezuela as one of the scandal's main focal points.
He became a prominent speech recognition researcher at Carnegie Mellon University and moved to Apple Computer before joining Microsoft in 1998.
He added that the strategy was a good one but suggested that Microsoft might run into resistance from competitors and from its own customers and business partners in its attempt to evangelize a broad standard with the Biztalk language.
''If you invent a breakthrough in artificial intelligence, so machines can learn,'' Mr. Gates responded, ''that is worth 10 Microsofts.''
Boeing shares fell $1.15 today, to $53.85.
In another hall, executives from General Motors, still the world's largest carmaker, posed for photographers in front of the Sequel, a sport utility vehicle that represents a technological leap over hybrids.
With the V35, ViewSonic becomes the 29th company to produce an organizer with an operating system from Microsoft rather than Palm.
RealNetworks plans to put its digital music offerings on sale at half price as part of aggressive strategy to force its way onto Apple Computer Inc's popular iPod digital music player; acknowledges that sale--which lowers price of songs on online RealPlayer Music Store to 49 cents and cost of most albums to $4.99, tentatively through Labor Day--would have impact on company's finances; RealNetworks' founder-chief executive Rob Glaser comments (M)
EBay said yesterday that it would buy Skype Technologies, the Internet phone provider based in Luxembourg, for $2.6 billion in cash and stock, a move that eBay hopes will bolster trading on its online auction site.
AT&T Wireless, the nation's third-largest wireless telephone company, said it added 585,000 mobile customers, bringing its subscriber base to 15.7 million.
Xerox Shares Shake Off Friday's Jitters
has shrunk,'' said Stuart Parkin, the leader of the group at I.B.M.
Drew Peck, an analyst with Cowen & Company, said Intel's earnings included 5 cents a share in interest income and gains from the sale of securities plus 5 cents a share in lower expenses, neither of which is repeatable.
More than 7,000 of them swarmed into the ballroom where the Microsoft chairman presented his keynote address on Sunday night, eager to hear his reaction to the strong attack embedded within the findings of a federal judge this month in a government antitrust case.
The chip makers Advanced Micro Devices and National Semiconductor have already been giving Intel fits in the growing market for microprocessors for personal computers that sell for less than $1,000.
Microsoft and Real Networks (run by a former Microsoft executive) have been in a long-running competition in digital-audio delivery.
For some time, the recording industry has been urging manufacturers and retailers of digital music devices -- not just Apple but also Sony and Microsoft -- to open up systems that tie customers of an online music store to using a music player from the same brand.
If Time Warner stock is in a foundation and soars, the foundation -- not Mr. Turner -- reaps the extra value, said Terry Christiensen 3d, a trust and estates lawyer at Sullivan & Cromwell, the New York law firm.
Bank of America will also sponsor an 18-wheel truck carrying baseball exhibits and interactive displays around the country this summer.
The Microsoft trial is scheduled to begin on Sept. 23.
Weeks said, noting that Corning has received $1 billion in deposits from five customers.
With solid quarterly results and an emphatic declaration of optimism, I.B.M.
EBay expects Skype to generate $200 million in sales this year.
Hanvit Bank president Lee Duk Hoon says negotiators from Micron Technology are on track in talks with Hynix Semiconductor for Micron to take over all or some of its memory-chip factories; Micron is reported to be willing to pay only $2 billion for seven plants (S)
is seeking an injunction against Intel as well as unspecified damages.
Intel Corp to introduce array of consumer-oriented computer chips to bolster growth; newest foray into home computing market will blend performance, wireless capability and multimedia audio, video and image features into set of chips that will be at core of next-generation personal computer; new three-chip suite, which has been code-named Grantsdale, is also clearest expression of 'innovation and integration' strategy of Intel's chief operating officer Paul S Otellini; photo (M)
Executives in the media industry and on Wall Street say now that AT&T is trying to figure out a way to hold off Comcast while keeping control of the cable unit in the family, as it were.
General Motors, which in the United States struggles with ballooning pension and benefits payments, among other things, has more basic troubles in Russia -- the company was without engines for 11 days this month.
When speaking to potential Hewlett customers on Wall Street and elsewhere, he would make the case for Linux, extolling it as a reliable and secure operating system that also allowed corporate customers to avoid being locked in to proprietary software like Microsoft's Windows or Sun Microsystems' Solaris.
''I had done some traveling in my life and have lived in some far-flung places and it has always been reassuring to me,'' she said in a telephone interview, noting how she looks for the bright red umbrella sign on Citigroup's main building in Auckland every time she heads into town.
He and other CBS News executives continued to defend ''Free Speech'' overall: they cited it as one of the chief lures for young people, and said they had no immediate plans to jettison it.
And last week, Packard Bell-NEC, the world's fifth-largest PC producer, announced that it was ending its exclusive use of Intel chips in its machines.
Regardless of the legal outcome, previously unreported details about incidents in the suit and the other examples provide a more complete picture of Microsoft in action.
Dr. Steven E. Nissen, the president of the American College of Cardiology, said Merck should have disclosed more information from the Arcoxia trial or not discussed it at all.
For example, BellSouth and Cingular will be able to route more long-distance calls on the AT&T national network, and the companies will not have to pay each other fees to terminate calls on their networks.
Microsoft executives argue that a business rationale now exists for interactive television -- as opposed to the Orlando interactive television pilot that Time Warner started with great fanfare in 1994 only to unceremoniously shut it in 1997.
Comcast bowed out of a potential bidding war for Mediaone last night by reaching an agreement with AT&T to exchange certain cable systems.
Texas Instruments says that the Silver Edition was designed for both schoolwork and for what it likes to call the ''teen lifestyle.''
NBC Internet, company partly owned by General Electric's NBC network, is set to introduce its new flagship NBCicom site; site brings together under one name features from jumble of brands company built and bought; has been adding features and technology in bid to compete with bigger Internet portals (M)
But with the scheduled vote less than 24 hours away, Boeing came up with its offer and a compromise suddenly seemed more likely.
Amgen fell $5.88, to $55.44; Idec Pharmaceuticals lost $7.06, to $42.06, and Biogen dropped $3.44, to $56.88.
That is a 39 percent premium above Honeywell's close yesterday of $36.13, up $2.44.
The stock began declining when investors reacted to reports that Procter was in merger talks with two pharmaceutical companies, and accelerated its fall two months later when the company said its earnings would be lower than expected.
But the mission was aborted after the Western Exterminator manager learned that it was Mr. McNealy's company, rather than Mr. Gates's Microsoft, that had hired the trucks.
MCI shareholders would receive Verizon shares worth no less than $14.75 even if the stock price fell below that level.
storage products now on the market, said John Osterhout, the marketing director for I.B.M.
''This area is of interest to Microsoft because we believe in the university system and education.
Verizon and SBC Communications, the two biggest local telephone companies, each considered bidding to acquire WorldCom Inc. in recent months but backed out amid concerns that WorldCom's core long-distance businesses face continued difficulties, people close to Verizon and SBC said yesterday.
Flaw Said to Be Found in Microsoft's Browser
Pfizer would also become the largest drug company in Europe, where it is presently No.
Sales in Gap stores in the United States declined in the quarter, compared with a modest increase in the quarter a year earlier, the company said.
Russ Cooper, whose job title at the TruSecure Corporation is ''surgeon general'' and who speaks on computer safety issues, said customers should ''start demanding more secure software from Microsoft.''
Mr. Guo, the organizer of the official union, said about 6,000 of Wal-Mart's 30,000 employees in China were now union members and efforts were under way to improve their welfare.
Walter Goodman lauds Jim Lehrer's interview, on his PBS program Newshour, with Stephen M Case of America Online and Gerald M Levin of Time Warner about AOL-Time Warner merger, and its implications for the television viewer (M)
Analysts from Merrill Lynch and Morgan Stanley, which also underwrote the offering, rated the stock a midterm buy and an equal-weight, respectively.
Creditors move to cut off money that has been keeping Daewoo Motor Co afloat, forcing it into bankruptcy; move comes after Daewoo's union refuses to accept layoffs and pay cuts that were aimed at making company attractive acquisition for General Motors Corp; receivership proceedings could affect talks with GM, but they may also help pave way for sale of Daewoo Motor; photo (M)
Union officials asserted that Verizon wanted the contract for those 50 employees to expire at a different time from the main contract, a move that would weaken the union's bargaining leverage for those 50 workers.
Looking for an advantage in the next round of the video-console wars, Microsoft has made the first move.
In response to a question from an Oracle lawyer, Richard Knowles, vice president for operations at SAP America, said, ''If anything we think it will become a highly competitive market'' if the companies merge.
And on Friday, the pharmaceutical company Pfizer Inc. delivered a possibly crippling blow, saying that it was pulling out of its partnership with Immune Response to develop Remune after it had reviewed results from a clinical trial.
Peter F. Karches, 54, Spent 25 Years at Morgan Stanley
I.B.M.
Intel's work force has grown substantially the last few years, to nearly 100,000 employees at the end of 2005, as the company continued to invest during the industry downturn.
According to Edison's consultants, had El Paso Merchant fully used its capacity last year, and had Southern California Gas properly filled its core storage inventory, the gas market would have been considerably less constrained.
Last week, after winning a court order that forces the company to unbundle the two software programs, he escalated the fight when he asked a judge to hold Microsoft in contempt.
The two companies are starting their partnership by offering all Comcast Internet customers seven days of free access to Rhapsody.
Gustavo Soriani, who was fired as vice president for operations at IBM's Argentine operations and is under indictment in Argentina on fraud charges, writes book he hopes will vindicate him; at issue is whether IBM, through Soriani, paid bribes to obtain $250 million contract to install computer system in state-owned Banco de la Nacion; Soriani claims he is being used as scapegoat; claims IBM knew of payments but disowned them when they were discovered (M)
One is a provision forcing PC makers to take other Microsoft products as a condition of licensing of Windows -- the same issue over which the Government filed a consent-decree case last August.
Advanced Micro Devices Inc will announce it is shipping 700-megahertz version of its Athlon microprocessor, outpacing fastest model of Intel Corp's 600-megahertz Pentium III chip; Advanced Micro says IBM and Compaq Computer Corp will begin shipping computers using new processor immediately; says comptuers using new chip will sell for around $2,499 (M)
One investor suffering losses on his Citigroup holdings is Prince Walid bin Talal of Saudi Arabia.
Intel, based in Santa Clara, introduced its newest product here at the start of a gathering of companies that design hardware and software based on Intel products.
Late last month, as consumer groups across the region began banding together, Apple issued a statement that said, ''Apple hopes that European governments will encourage a competitive environment that allows innovation to thrive, protects intellectual property and allows consumers to decide which products are successful.''
And the company paid at least $6 million more to lobbyists, who were charged with persuading politicians to accept Microsoft's point of view.
The larger bell companies, Verizon, SBC Communications and BellSouth, were unable to reach any deals, as was AT&T, the biggest long distance carrier.
Mr. White comes to Campbell Mithun from Long Haymes Carr in Winston-Salem, N.C., a unit of Interpublic, where he had been vice chairman and chief creative officer since 1995, working on campaigns for accounts like the BellSouth Corporation; Hanes, sold by the Sara Lee Corporation, and Winston, sold by the R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company unit of the RJR Nabisco Holdings Corporation.
Shares of Applied Materials fell $4.41, or 9.5 percent, to close at $41.95.
For instance, a smaller but fast-growing part of Cummins business is its components segment.
The current General Electric, with its increasing emphasis on services rather than manufacturing, needs to respond quickly to an ever-changing business environment and the demands of the Internet.
Mr. Murdoch will also continue to oversee the News Corporation's music operations, which include a hip-hop label he started with some high-school friends and later sold to his father's company.
The company is also seeking approval to sell Aranesp to treat anemia in cancer patients receiving chemotherapy, a use that represents the bulk of Johnson & Johnson's sales.
And when addressing other companies that might be comparable in size and profitability to the operating-systems concern, Mr. Greenhill and Mr. Williams were vague, giving no example except for Microsoft itself.
Verizon's board received a grade of D in effectiveness from the Corporate Library.
The huge sign itself would rise from the third story and ascend about 125 feet, the executives said, and is expected to cost $15 million, about three times the price of Morgan Stanley's giant electronic zippers, but only half of what Reuters may spend to build 15,169 square feet of sophisticated, high-resolution video signs on the side of its building.
Microsoft is uneasy about what it sees as the growing interest of European governments, in particular, to delve into the design of technology products.
Cyriac Roeding, the vice president of wireless of CBS Digital, said that most cellphone users upgraded their phone every 18 months and that the United States had rapidly caught up to foreign markets in such applications as text messaging.
''It's clear they didn't think we would drop, and we didn't think they would let us drop,'' said Mr. Dressler, who led the Time Warner negotiating team.
The buyer, a Shell-Sempra Energy joint venture, is expected to give final approval to the contract in September.
As a result, CBS denounced the Tele-Communications-Microsoft arrangement, which was announced last month.
In January, Hewlett-Packard announced a partnership with Apple that calls for Hewlett to resell the iPod and offer its iTunes service to its customers.
A.T.& T. Subject of F.C.C.
Apple rarely makes sweeping changes to its product line, which is why its new MacBook Pro laptops look identical to older models.
Either way, the rulings will probably prompt executives at companies including the News Corporation, Viacom and the Walt Disney Company, which each own many television stations already, to seriously consider expanding their empires by acquisition.
CSX's current offer will be amended to include Norfolk Southern and will be extended to May 23, when the shares are to be placed in a voting trust, pending regulatory approval.
Excluding certain expenses, including $249 million in charges related to the PeopleSoft takeover, Oracle reported a profit of $814 million, or 16 cents a share.
The panix.com incident follows other cases of Internet names being hijacked, including the temporary commandeering last fall of the domain name for eBay Germany (ebay.de), by a 19-year-old German man who said he had done it ''just for fun.''
But Time Warner fell short of expected revenue.
''MyPlant.com is a great showcase for our platform technology and may someday be a delivery vehicle for tutorials or manufacturing-oriented software,'' said Laura Jennings, vice president for worldwide strategic planning at Microsoft.
Last year, the search company introduced Google Checkout, a payment tool to compete with eBay's PayPal, and earlier this month it began promoting the service aggressively on its home page.
Still, Bank of America, long an acquisition machine, may need another big deal to regain its step, several Wall Street analysts said.
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec 19 (Reuters) -- The dissident shareholder Carl Icahn on Monday labeled as ''disastrous'' a deal set between Time Warner Inc.'s America Online unit and Web search enginer Google Inc., arguing that AOL could do better.
Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine sues Tyson Foods; claims that Tyson misled consumers with advertising describing its chicken as all natural and heart healthy; company denies suit's merit (S)
Mr. Reback takes exception to suggestions that his partnership with Microsoft, a corporation he spent half a decade pursuing, could be seen as two-faced.
Spain's telephone company, Telefonica S.A., is in talks to purchase Motorola's stake in several Mexican mobile phone companies.
Until the last few months, Yahoo rejected such ads for fear of offending users.
Intel Corp begins shipping its new Pentium 4-M computer chip, this one for notebook computers; several computer makers, including Dell and Compaq, begin taking orders for new top-of-the-line notebooks that are powered by new chip (S)
Verizon (pronounced va-RISE-en) was formed by Bell Atlantic's acquisition of GTE and its venture in wireless communications with Vodafone AirTouch.
The Intel Corporation, the world's largest semiconductor maker, cautioned investors today that its revenues this quarter would fall short of projections.
Southwest Airlines begins using self-service e-ticket check-in kiosks to make getting boarding pass easier; continues to board passengers in groups, without assigned seats; Singapore Airlines will introduce its large new business-class seats on inaugural flight of service between Singapore and Las Vegas via Hong Kong; is spending $100 million to install seats on its flights throughout world; online columnist Joe Brancatelli jokes that Bill Gates could afford to buy and fix ailing domestic airlines (M)
Correction:  May 29, 1998, Friday  Because of an editing error, an article in Business Day on Wednesday about a lawsuit filed by 20 states against the Microsoft Corporation misidentified the antitrust officials who contend that the company's pricing policies for its Office suite of programs leave computer makers with the practical choice of installing the software on all their computers or none.
Mr. Luke said Cisco remained among the telecommunications industry's strongest players, but still faced some significant obstacles.
When I took over Xerox's distribution operations in 1986, we had problems everywhere.
The News Corporation does not break out TV Guide's profits separately.
Still, few antitrust experts believe that the case will eventually be decided, by a Federal appeals court or the Supreme Court, on the issue addressed by the tape -- the accusation that Microsoft illegally tied one product to another.
''We have a signed agreement with MCI and we expect soon to have a final proxy out to MCI shareholders,'' a Verizon spokesman, Peter Thonis, said.
But Xerox never sold enough machines to get that annuity stream flowing.
In her case, Ms. Greenwald says Mattel fired her because she blew the whistle on what she considered accounting irregularities at the company.
''This is acceptable to both parties and was the result of constructive dialogue between Intel and the F.T.C.''
That would put Mr. Wright at the head of his own newly formed public company, albeit one majority-owned by General Electric.
The Microsoft Corporation plans to ship to customers the long-delayed fourth version of its Internet Explorer browser software.
Yesterday, at a gathering of American Express employees at Madison Square Garden, Kenneth Chenault, the chief executive, said that the company would keep its headquarters in the city, though it is unsure when it can return to the office space it owns in the World Financial Center.
I.B.M., a pioneer in exploiting the phenomenon of electron spin to build useful products, and Stanford University plan to announce today the opening of a joint research program to focus on the esoteric field, which is often called spintronics.
''I think CVS will come back with a similar type of offer,'' he said.
Ward's AutoInfoBank reports US auto sales rose 4 percent in June from year earlier, to seasonally adjusted annualized sales rate of 16.4 million cars and trucks; General Motors' sales rose 1.3 percent; sales at Ford Motor Co fell 0.1 percent, while sales at DaimlerChrysler, parent of Chrysler Group, rose 7 percent; domestic industry continues to lose ground to foreign competitors like Toyota, Honda Motor and Nissan Motor despite spending heavily on consumer purchase incentives; Toyota sales rose 10.9 percent, while American Honda sales rose 8.7 percent and Nissan sales were up 21.5 percent; Toyota and Honda report record sales for first half of year, while combined sales for Big Three fell to 60.6 percent of market, down from 62 percent in first half of 2002; charts; photo (M)
Of the dozen or so illegal tactics that the appeals court said Microsoft used to maintain its monopoly, the ''commingling of code'' was the only one that the company asked the court to reconsider.
The ascent of Apple Computer continued in the most recent quarter with the company reporting a sharp increase in sales and profit.
To escape those limitations, you need the T900's big brother, Motorola's Timeport P935 ($400).
Even if destined to turn out the way it did, the courting of Katie Couric was certainly one of the longest pursuits of a major television personality in recent years, stretching back more than a year ago, to the day that Dan Rather stepped down as the CBS anchor after 24 years in that job.
Ebullient over their legal victory against Microsoft, Justice Department antitrust officials said today that they would examine possible remedies to put an end to what a federal judge described as the giant software company's monopolistic practices.
Staples, which recently invited inventors to submit ideas for new products, is putting its name on items that cannot be purchased elsewhere.
Today I.B.M.
Humana closed yesterday at $17.9375, down 37.5 cents.
Citigroup, the financial conglomerate hired by the state to distribute welfare benefits through A.T.M.
The appeals court also ordered Judge Jed S. Rakoff to reconsider numerous decisions he had made that favored Motorola and Nokia, and to decide whether he should continue to hear related claims now that the racketeering charges must be dropped.
* Zimmerman & Partners, Fort Lauderdale, Fla., part of the Omnicom Group, was awarded two accounts.
Many analysts thought that Boeing would cancel the MD-95, just as it decided to stop making the other McDonnell Douglas models.
From the beginning, Palm's and Microsoft's design philosophies were miles apart.
Mr. Miller manages Legg Mason's flagship fund, Value Trust, which is on the verge of outperforming the overall stock market for an astounding 10th consecutive year.
''No proposal will be sent to News Corporation until it has achieved consensus among the family members and their advisers.''
Yesterday's decision protects I.B.M.
After being pilloried by investors for failing to capitalize on its parent company's 550 stores and well-known brand, the three-year-old online spinoff Barnesandnoble.com is making its biggest bid yet to woo the chain's customers through a marketing agreement with the Web portal Yahoo, which will provide free Internet access to Barnes & Noble customers.
The ruling was a groundbreaking victory for a group of foreign creditors led by Goldman Sachs.
A hedge fund manager who spoke on the condition of anonymity noted that Comcast has failed to convince investors that it could run Disney much more successfully than its chief executive, Michael D. Eisner.
Decades of research at I.B.M.
Procter is the largest employer in the Cincinnati area, with 15,000 workers, and over the years it has developed a reputation as an insular and almost stodgy corporate giant.
The company sells its own mutual funds but also offers funds managed by Fidelity, Franklin Templeton Investments, ING and MFS.
Apple posted a loss of $120 million for its first quarter, which ended Dec. 31, after a brief return to profitability in the previous quarter.
Coke to Report Stock Options As an Expense
The state and federal prosecutors are expected to ask for a serious structural remedy, perhaps even a breakup of the company, which Microsoft has made it clear it would not accept.
Some media buyers said they would welcome a comprehensive bidding system built by Google or eBay if it brought more transparency to ad-buying.
The letter to Mr. Luethke is the first tangible evidence that Morgan Stanley paid $10,000 to Mr. Luethke, who acknowledges a role in brokering the sting operation.
The chairman of Nike, Phil Knight, will not make a planned $30 million contribution to help his alma mater, the University of Oregon, renovate its athletic stadium because the university joined a factory monitoring group other than the one he supports, a senior Nike official said yesterday.
''We do not want to talk about predictions of price drops,'' said Lee Simonson, the director of Best Buy's television division.
''I've been too lazy to join Netflix, but I am about to sign up,'' he said, referring to the online video-rental service.
Market Place; Aetna is a reminder of the dark side to Cigna's outlook.
Many retirees are weighing company coverage against new Medicare drug insurance program; many companies are sending retirees notices that if they cancel their current prescription drug coverage, company will cancel medical coverage as well; Louis A deBottari, Boeing retiree who received such a letter, says he will continue to use company's drug insurance instead of switching to Medicare plan; photo (M)
Northrop Grumman indicated to TRW's top management yesterday that it would be willing to raise its bid for the company in hopes of finally securing a deal after being rebuffed for months, executives close to the negotiations said yesterday.
In portions of the deposition played by Mr. Lanier, Dr. Wallace said that he was surprised that Merck appeared to have monitored his prescribing patterns very closely and had put him on a ''hit list'' of doctors who might be persuaded to prescribe more Vioxx.
An article in Business Day yesterday about an investigation of offshore insurance companies referred incorrectly to the party that is owed money in reinsurance deals between American International Group and several offshore companies.
''The whole idea is to put I.B.M.
C. Michael Armstrong, the chairman of AT&T, offered a spirited defense of his tenure and strategy today, even as he said that his company would carefully consider the Comcast Corporation's unsolicited bid to acquire AT&T's cable television unit.
''Texaco would bring 10 people to a meeting; Chevron would bring two,'' Mr. Gagliardi added.
Today, three of the computer industry's leaders, I.B.M., Microsoft and Sun Microsystems, are developing software that is intended to lay the groundwork for a broader and more permanent move off the desktop.
Other options -- accepting some parts of the government plan but not others -- would bring delays of weeks or months, under the Microsoft plan.
Bristol-Myers Squibb, already the subject of an investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission into its inventory practices, faces an additional inquiry on the issue by the United States attorney for New Jersey, the company said yesterday.
President Kim Dae Jung has formally approved the selection of Boeing's F15K, an advanced version of the F15.
That included a charge for legal expenses of $351 million, or 3 cents a share, to pay a fine that the European Commission announced last week for Microsoft's failure to comply with an antitrust order.
Kodak now has 105 people working exclusively on building Kodak.com, the company's interactive Web site; most of them report to Robert L. LaPerle, director of operational excellence for Kodak.com -- a position just created last month.
For Richard D. Parsons, chairman and chief executive of Time Warner, the sale fulfills a closely watched pledge to Wall Street more than a year ahead of schedule.
The AT&T project was a cornerstone of that strategy.
Shares of the Seattle-based Starbucks Corporation lost 28 percent of their value today, falling $10.625 to close at $26.9375, after the company announced its Internet strategy and said that its earnings for the fiscal year would be 10 percent below Wall Street's expectation.
Advertising Age's annual Agency Report shows revenue for agencies increased 21.7 percent, to $31.2 billion in 1999, from $25.6 billion in 1998; says billings rose 19 percent, to $235.5 billion, from $198 billion; Omnicom Group renamed world's largest agency in revenue; Interpublic Group of Companies was number 1 in billings (Advertising column) (S)
Advertising has started to make an appearance into software--programs person pays for as well as free programs; for example, people who pay $60 to use Intuit's Quicken Deluxe 2000 financial software find that if they download stock quotes, portfolio update page will contain advertisements; in another example, users of Qualcomm's Eudora e-mail who want free upgrade to newest version will download software module that delivers advertisements to their screens; what is even more disconcerting about both Quicken and Eudora is not so much the ads, but that they flash and change regularly even when software user is not logged on to Internet; incorporating flashing banner ads into software is work of companies like Radiate Inc, Conducent Technologies and Cydoor Technologies, which help generate revenue for software makers by selling space on software to advertisers; photos of Web sites with software ads (M)
Microsoft's $10 billion spending spree in the cable business over the last five years has included a host of investments, including $5 billion in AT&T's cable unit and a $1 billion stake in Comcast.
The move represents a large step for Wal-Mart's strategy in China, allowing the American retailer to more than double its presence in a country that, despite its size and growing middle class, remains largely untapped by foreign retailers.
While connected to a computer, the NoteTaker can also be used to mark up documents in Word, Outlook or other Microsoft Office applications.
Toyota, with $20 billion in cash at its disposal and very little debt, is one of the bluest blue-chip companies in the world, and few found Moody's rationale for lowering its ratings convincing.
''Not everything can have a button,'' said David Hill, the director of design for the personal computing division at I.B.M.
Intel already has two assembly test sites in China, along with two research and development centers, employing about 5,000 people.
But he said Prudential moved into the lead with an offer to pay $2 billion cash.
Since then, other analysts have become much more dubious about the industry in general and about Amazon's prospects in particular.
It also asks a Federal court to order Microsoft to notify operators of Windows 95 that they are free to use any compatible Internet browser -- like Netscape's Navigator -- and to provide instructions about how to remove the Explorer from their computers if they choose.
''People are asking if this company has a future, no matter who's at the helm,'' said Sylvia Huber, chairman of the Corning Area United Taxpayers Association.
The loss of one of its top-performing international markets was an enormous blow to Pepsi, which sued Coca-Cola over it and won $94 million in damages from an international arbitration court.
INSIDE the beleaguered Apple Computer Inc., a comment is often heard about the appointment earlier this year of Gilbert F. Amelio as chairman and president: ''Thank God there's finally some adult supervision around here.''
In Manhattan yesterday, five police officers from the Midtown South Precinct who were monitoring picket lines were doused with bird excrement and other waste dumped from the top of Verizon's 41-story headquarters building on the Avenue of the Americas at 42nd Street.
''Aon's revenue growth has been slower than its peers','' said Cliff H. Gallant of Keefe Bruyette & Woods, ''and its expenses have been running higher.
Salomon had originally been asked to represent Comcast, but had to decline because Sanford I. Weill, the chairman of Citigroup, Salomon's parent, is on the board of AT&T, an executive said.
On Tuesday, as the Eastman Kodak Company unveiled its long-anticipated consumer inkjet printer in New York, the mood at the company's Rochester headquarters could not have been more positive.
Microsoft is renowned for churning out 30-year-old multimillionaires, but it is also churning out lots of disgruntled temps, and that is fueling the unionization push.
I.B.M.
The threat that Charter, in particular, could help start a bidding war to push up the price of AT&T's systems could be very effective in persuading Mr. Roberts to agree beforehand to sell Charter the systems it desires.
Perceptions that changes in the media realm were coming too slowly were considered a reason for Mr. Roth's being named in January as Interpublic's third chief executive in two years.
More important in many ways, the far-reaching changes such a deal would presumably cause holds the promise of shaking up and integrating a company that was largely a federation of fiefs -- Time Warner's movie studio, the cable systems, the magazine business and so on.
More significant, he said, it involved between 7,500 and 8,000 of Microsoft's nearly 40,000 employees and that number is growing faster than any other part of the company's employee base -- as much as 25 percent in the next year.
Correction of Nov 16 article on influence of business and philanthropy on school admissions: William H Heyman is no longer Citigroup executive
Howard J Rubenstein, public relations impresario, had planned broad outlines of Walt Disney Co's public relations strategy well before Time Warner Cable pulled plug on Disney-owned ABC network at 12:01 am May 1; Rubenstein and his clients were ready to portray Time Warner as rapacious monopolist; ensuing 36-hour all-fronts assault involved radio and newspaper advertisements, in-person meetings between Disney's chief lobbyist Preston R Padden with media executives and early-morning call from Disney president Robert A Iger, to Sen Charles E Schumer; by end of 39-hour blackout of ABC progamming, images of both media giants had been muddled, but Disney appeared to have left clearer message behind; Time Warner Cable senior vice president Fred Dressler says Disney hoped to use ABC blackout to make it appear that Time Warner was abusing its power and to raise question about pending merger with America Online; Dressler acknowledges that by removing ABC from its systems, Time Warner gave Disney ammunition in its attempts to paint Time Warner as unyielding monopoly; adds Time Warner had no choice but to do what it did (M)
Microsoft announced yesterday that it had agreed to pay roughly $200 million to settle consumer class-action lawsuits in five states and the District of Columbia.
And AOL and Time Warner have been looking at ways of approaching their dealings with AT&T -- not only their current ventures, but also prospects like offering AT&T telephone service to Time Warner Cable subscribers and America Online members, and making the Excite@Home high-speed Internet service, which is controlled by AT&T, available on Time Warner's cable systems.
Mr. Weill noted that Citigroup expected to close its $31 billion acquisition of Associates First Capital, a consumer finance company, by the end of the year.
The notes worked like an insurance policy: Citigroup paid a premium in the form of interest payments, and if Enron collapsed the bank would receive significant compensation in the form of high-quality securities.
Lippincott & Margulies, corporate identity consulting company owned by Marsh & McLennan, hires three executives from sibling Mercer Management Consulting and changes its name to Lippincott Mercer; executives shifting to Lippincott Mercer are Eric Almquist and Andrew Pierce, who become senior partners and Michael D'Esopo, who becomes partner (S)
I.B.M., the biggest corporate backer of Linux, the free computer operating system, has filed a barrage of counterclaims against the SCO Group, the software company that has put the computer industry on edge by asserting that users of Linux must pay it a license fee.
AT&T is trying to change its charter to require that only a majority of its shareholders approve the plan to restructure the company into four separate stocks, rather than the two-thirds that had been required.
Airbus contends that the new, improved version surpasses the 787 in several respects, not least its cabin, which is five inches wider than the cabin of the Boeing plane.
It is likely that any deal would include cross investments by Yahoo and the News Corporation although neither investment would come close to a controlling interest, the New Yorker report said.
Dr John W Rowe, chief executive of Mount Sinai NYU Medical Center and Health System, is named president and chief executive at Aetna US Healthcare; in Aetna, country's largest health insurer, Dr Rowe takes over company that is faced with difficult task of improving customer relations while raising prices of managed-care coverage (M)
Henry A. McKinnell, Pfizer's chief executive and chairman, said the program demonstrated that drug therapy was the most efficient form of health care.
on issues related to brokerage firm research even after its historic settlement with Citigroup and other Wall Street firms over analyst conflicts more than a year ago.
In support of its claim, Microsoft argues that the attorneys general are seeking relief on the basis of state laws, repeats its assertion that the imposition of this relief would deprive it of rights granted to it by the Copyright Act, and concludes with the contention that the attorneys general are, ''under color of'' state law, seeking to deprive Microsoft of rights secured by federal law -- a classic violation of 42 U.S.C.
make servers and software, while Oracle is the leader in data base software.
The board of PeopleSoft on Monday rejected the latest offer from Oracle to acquire the company, saying that even at $9.4 billion, or $26 a share, the bid -- made last Wednesday -- undervalued the company, a producer of business applications software.
The Microsoft ''portable media center'' will play both music and video, and it will be promoted as a next-generation alternative to Apple's hit music player, the iPod.
EBay said its effective tax rate for the third quarter was 26 percent, down from 34 percent a year ago, when there was a one-time charge linking to ''intercompany cost-sharing agreements.''
I.B.M.
Article on transformation of commerce along Manhattan's 59th Street as result of opening in 2004 of Bloomberg Tower at 731 Lexington Avenue; says series of new retail outlets, selected by developer Vornado Realty Trust, surrounding tower, is rejuvenating slightly down-at-the-heel neighborhood; photo (M)
Intel's stock, which had closed at $21.63, up 20 cents, in regular trading, fell $1.64 to $19.99 in after-hours trading, a loss of nearly 7.6 percent.
Meanwhile, the Microsoft juggernaut continued.
The deal will probably not surprise avid users of eBay, since other examples turned up, too.
The first demanded the return of documents describing the specifications of its future microprocessors, while the second accused Digital of having violated 14 Intel patents.
Because so many of these companies have holdings in so many different areas -- AOL Time Warner has its Internet empire as well as publishing and other concerns; the News Corporation has a global network of newspapers, publishing, cable and satellite TV -- they are more likely to be able to weather a strike in one part of their empires.
But Paul Luther, a manager with International Business Machines' special-needs unit, said the Home Page Reader was designed specifically with the Web in mind and tailored to reading pages built in HTML.
Market Place: Shares of Oracle Corp lose 29 percent of their value in record volume in Nasdaq trading and slicing company's market capitalization by $9.44 billion; plunge follows second-quarter earnings report, issued after markets closed on Dec 8, that was far short of analysts' estimates; shares close at $22.9375, down $9.4375; for quarter ended Nov 30, Oracle reported earnings of $187 million, up 4 percent from $179 million in year-earlier period; revenue increased 23 percent, to $1.61 billion from $1.31 billion; graph (L)
It has been clear since shortly after Comcast made its offer on July 8 that AT&T would not simply say yes to the first Roberts offer.
Hasbro has the license for trading cards, electronic games and Bertie Bott's Every Flavored Beans, jelly beans with flavors -- like dirt -- that only a 5--year-old could love.
Intel already has a pilot operation in Santa Clara, Calif., equipped with a few hundred server computers, powered by Intel microprocessors.
And that was before G.M., the Ford Motor Company and the auto supply giant Delphi disclosed this week that they were among six companies asked by the Securities and Exchange Commission to provide information as part of an inquiry into corporate pension and health care accounting practices.
Pfizer Agrees to Buy Rights To Drug to Treat Blindness
''None of that is relevant,'' she said in court ''unless and until I know what it is Morgan Stanley believes Kirkland & Ellis did that was legal malpractice.
Philip J. Purcell defended his strategy for integrating the retail and institutional divisions of Morgan Stanley yesterday, but warned that his firm faced deteriorating market conditions that could put a dent in future earnings.
Mr. Ballmer described this blending of software and services as ''a bit more a paradigm shift'' than some of the transitions Microsoft has made in the past.
In it, William H. Gates, Microsoft's chairman, summarized for Brad Chase, another senior executive, a conversation with Intuit's chairman at the time, Scott Cook.
In April, Coca-Cola Enterprises said two senior executives, John R. Alm and Norman P. Findley, would jointly serve as principal operating officers.
Mr. Stone replaces Dan Stanzione, who is now chief technical officer for A.T.& T. Network Systems.
His complaint underscores a potential problem for Electronic Arts, which has suffered financial setbacks this year.
But Wal-Mart has insisted from the outset that it will make a profit on the $4 drugs, which are typically not the most advanced generic substitutes for name-brand medications.
Paul Sagan, the president of new media at Time Inc., said Time Warner's pending acquisition of Turner Broadcasting System would bolster the company's ability to create local and national on-line news services, since Time Inc. would be collaborating more closely with CNN.
The company is retiring the classic red-and-white Campbell's Soup label raised to iconic status by the pop artist Andy Warhol's famous silkscreen renderings.
A sales representative for Merck says she and her associates have been told by their superiors that they should no longer treat doctors to free Broadway plays, weekend trips and other gifts that could be viewed as inappropriate.
Vanessa McGowan, a spokeswoman for Pfizer, said yesterday that the company had not yet seen the suit, which was filed in Federal District Court in Manhattan, and could not comment on the allegations.
Exxon Mobil said its chemical earnings fell to $215 million in the quarter, a decline of $177 million from the fourth quarter of 1999.
Smaller companies than A.T.& T. and the Baby Bells, unencumbered by a large union work force, can offer the all-important corporate customers prices better than those of A.T.& T. Meanwhile, A.T.& T. and the Baby Bells must deal with the hotly competitive residential market for service, where profits are often less.
Boeing appears to have dug in since the walkout began, saying its rebuffed offer reflects its need to control costs when health spending is soaring and competition with Airbus, the European aircraft manufacturer, remains fierce.
But then, reading from a prepared statement, Ms. Barakina called this sum ''insignificant'' compared with Microsoft's worldwide income.
Mr. Greenberg, who had been the heir apparent to his father, Maurice R. Greenberg, as the head of the American International Group, said today that he would become the chief executive of Ace Tempest Re, which sells insurance to other insurers.
The route might be circuitous, the commission says, but Intel's bullying tactics over patent rights could diminish innovation in the market for microprocessors.
Yahoo will announce today a new service called Yahoo 360 that will let users create discrete, and private, social networks that allow friends to share such things as photographs, restaurant reviews and lists of favorite songs.
Financial turmoil intensifies at Interpublic Group of Cos over unexpected charges and reduced earnings and revenue; company delays release of its third-quarter report and analysis of Jan-Sept results; says it will create post of chief operating officer; chairman John J Dooner Jr and executive vice president Sean F Orr again sharply cut third-quarter earnings forecast; again sharply raise figure for noncash charges dating back to 1997, to $181.3 million, nearly triple initial estimate; photo (M)
But the company needed approval of the Federal Communications Commission to establish its microwave system; A.T.& T., with its virtual monopoly on long-distance service, opposed the plan.
Kodak has introduced many digital cameras, supplanting Fuji as the fourth-ranked seller -- after Sony, Canon and Olympus -- of digital cameras worldwide, according to IDC, a market intelligence and advisory firm.
'' said Kent Kresa, Northrop Grumman's chairman and chief executive.
AT&T Rejects Comcast Offer On Cable Unit; Halts Spinoff
During the quarter, Oracle's new software license sales were up 12 percent, to $847 million, and revenue for software license updates and product support was up 17 percent, to $1.2 billion.
The Ford Motor Company has said the tires are responsible.
Xerox said that as part of the settlement, the S.E.C.
Alaska Airlines Crash Hearing Looks at Aircraft Parts Design
Mr. Romm said that he expected to see Pepsi focus on markets in Asia, particularly those in China and India, where consumption of soft drinks is relatively low and Coca-Cola's presence is not yet large.
The heated competition between Microsoft and Netscape over the browser market is turning out to be more beneficial to advertisers than to consumers, Mr. Love said.
Comcast will also create several premium cable channels that will broadcast movies from studios owned by Sony and MGM.
''We are investing our resources in Microsoft and plan to create systems based upon them,'' Mr. Todd said.
The executives said Aetna had been conducting ''a comprehensive ongoing evaluation of the effectiveness'' of its managed care programs.
As part of the settlement with Sun, Microsoft agreed to pay $20 million.
By comparison, Verizon Wireless generated $300 million in revenue from data services in the third quarter, just 4.7 percent of its overall sales.
Intel executives and lawyers, in meetings with F.T.C.
Uniform makers typically pay 8 to 12 percent of their revenues on Olympic products to the national organizing committees, a range that executives at Roots, Nike and other companies said was comparable between countries with high-profile competitors.
Representatives for J. P. Morgan Chase and Salomon Smith Barney, a unit of Citigroup, the banks leading the financing, declined to comment on the status of the talks.
Yet, according to an executive close to the negotiations, the contract terms did not commit AT&T to actually use the Microsoft software, and it ended up shunning the Microsoft technology.
brand and I.B.M.
Apple Computer introduces smaller, slightly less expensive version of its iPod digital music players for $249 and more powerful $3,000 to $4,000 server computer based on its new G5 microprocessor; announcement is made by Apple's chief executive Steven P Jobs on opening day of Macworld exhibition, San Francisco; photo (M)
Although he resigned from the job of chief financial officer in 2004 and went on to help found Elevation Partners, a private equity firm, Mr. Anderson spent time at Apple this year reviewing the options matters before resigning from the board.
Brown & Sons, who issued a buy recommendation for Intuit on Friday.
Mr. Tesler, a pioneer in user-interface design, is focusing on the usability of Yahoo software.
''I would urge General Motors to immediately recall these vehicles.''
BayStar Capital, private investment firm, tells SCO Group to return $50 million investment it made in it in October 2003, raising questions about company's future and its ability to wage lengthy legal attack on Linux; advance of Linux as alternative to Microsoft operating system for computers used in business could accelerate if threat of SCO litigation recedes; SCO contends thta Linux is variant of Unix, to which it holds rights; IBM and others contend that SCO's legal rights are less far-reaching and that Linux is not in violation; photos (M)
Microsoft Corp chairman William H Gates and other senior company executives paint rosy picture of software-enhanced future for chief executives of some of world's largest companies at annual event on Microsoft's campus while Microsoft's lawyers plead with Federal Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson to break up company; focus of event is Internet's impact on business and, to lesser extent, consumers; photo (M)
A Microsoft competitor in this market, Sun Microsystems, complained to the European Commission in 1998 that it was unable to compete fairly with Microsoft because it did not have the necessary information about Windows to make its products work properly with Windows on individual computers.
With decisions made in China and California, eBay also reacted more slowly in China than its rival, Alibaba.
will announce today that eBay Inc., the big online auction house, has chosen I.B.M.
(Microsoft Reader, an e-book program to be released later this year, will use subpixel technology to both handle ClearType and adjust letter positioning.)
If only to let AT&T save some face, it is close to a foregone conclusion that Comcast would have to sweeten the financial terms of the deal by adding at least a dollar or two to the $12.60 worth of Comcast stock that it offered AT&T's shareholders for each share of AT&T that they own.
One Web site created to protest Yahoo's move has gone so far as to accuse the company of a widespread purge.
''Companies doing business in China are forced to comply with Chinese law,'' said Jim Cullinan, a Yahoo spokesman.
Executives at Apple and Napster said over the weekend that they would love to help Coke do that, but they are still held back by arranging downloading rights across Europe.
Microsoft was unable to persuade either consumer companies or software developers that it had solved all of the privacy and security issues raised by the prospect of keeping personal information in a centralized repository, he said.
One problem is that technical  snags have prevented millions of users of hand-held personal computers operating Microsoft software from being able to read most publishers' electronic books.
Citigroup also followed up with a pledge to give $1 million to the Y over five years, starting in 2000.
Dozens of lobbying groups, some of them receiving financing from Exxon Mobil, are relying on these contrarians as experts, Mr. Ward said.
Citicorp and Travelers Group Inc., which agreed last month to merge into Citigroup, designated the management team yesterday to run what would be the world's largest financial services concern, provided it wins regulatory approval.
Better-than-expected advertising sales, along with steady growth of its fee-based businesses, helped Yahoo earn better-than-expected profits in the first quarter.
The cash balance increased even though Yahoo bought $315 million of its stock and spent $54 million in cash on acquisitions.
The worst-case scenario is that one day we no longer sell on Amazon.
For almost a year, he has endured setbacks and surprises as Interpublic, which owns agencies like Campbell-Ewald, Deutsch and McCann-Erickson, suffered through accounting irregularities that eventually totaled $181.3 million; steep losses at a motor sports division; earnings shortfalls and restatements; the suspension of its dividend; and investigations by the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Internal Revenue Service.
The plan is still subject to approval of NTL's bank lenders; executives of J. P. Morgan Chase, Morgan Stanley and the Royal Bank of Scotland, among others, met today to discuss details.
In recent months, Home Depot's board has been working to regain trust and favor from investors after coming under fire for the compensation package paid to the former chief executive, Robert L. Nardelli, and for not showing up at last year's annual meeting to address investors' concerns.
While the evidence does not prove that they would have succeeded absent Microsoft's actions, it does reveal that Microsoft placed an oppressive thumb on the scale of competitive fortune, thereby effectively guaranteeing its continued dominance in the relevant market.
Apple's shares have been depressed this year, closing down 12.5 cents on Friday, at $16.625, just above the stock's 52-week low of $16.
To that end, Mr. Foley said Amazon's Blowout store is a ''very positive'' initiative.
Campbell Soup responds to Progresso attacks ads.
Citigroup to Shed Part of Travelers Unit in Stock Sale
Executive Fearful of Microsoft in Interactive TV Software
While approval of those plans is expected, the board, striving to make amends for the Union Pacific debacle, has already attached tougher conditions and oversight to Conrail's acquisition.
Barring a last-minute move by Johnson & Johnson, Guidant is expected to announce this morning that it will accept Boston Scientific's $27 billion offer, abandoning its deal with Johnson & Johnson, these people said.
Company officials say they want to encourage a wide array of equipment manufacturers, and that one of the reasons they chose I.B.M.
Mr. Boneparth left the room, and then came back to announce that Jones was suing Polo Ralph Lauren for the money it would lose from having the line taken away.
The union points to various Verizon Wireless letters and Web sites attacking unionization, including a letter by a vice president for human resources saying: ''Our position is clear.
As a result, the iBook is certain to cannibalize the sales of Apple's $2,600 titanium PowerBook G4, which offers an extra-wide screen, a PC card slot and better speed, but no CD-RW or combination drive option.
and the enforcement of copyright protection of digital content,'' said Colleen Pouliot, Adobe's general counsel.
''I think there's no question that Genentech is going to grow at a much faster pace than Amgen in the next, three, five, six years.''
Boeing has produced a total of 1,379 747s to date and has a backlog of 91 orders
Here at Procter & Gamble's sprawling headquarters, officials said that for all its promise, the Internet held nothing compelling enough to justify destroying relations with retailers or overhauling a colossal distribution system.
Glenn Bozarth, a spokesman for Mattel, said the company wished Mr. Haddad well.
The policy changes come 16 months after Kellogg and Viacom, the parent company of Nickelodeon, were threatened with a lawsuit over their advertising to children by two advocacy groups, the Center for Science in the Public Interest and the Campaign for a Commercial-Free Childhood, and two Massachusetts parents.
Microsoft said its operating systems were not vulnerable if Simple Network Management Protocol settings were left in default mode, but it has provided instructions on how to disable the protocol.
Another notable shift is an expanded role for Mr. Willumstad, Citigroup's president, who runs the consumer bank.
Even Southwest Airlines, which has been profitable since 1973, reported a 15 percent drop in net income in the fourth quarter.
The announcement by Aetna comes after a report on mental health and substance abuse issued yesterday by the Institute of Medicine of the National Academies, a nonprofit public policy advisory group.
Mr. Wright, 60, did add the title of vice chairman of General Electric a few years ago, and people who work with him say he relishes his corporate role.
Mr. Greenberg said a Disney merger would not add value for Comcast shareholders.
Trying to dispel the gloom that Mr. Suria's analysis created, Mr. Blodget of Merrill Lynch issued a report about Amazon.com on Feb. 12, arguing that he did not believe that vendors would be concerned if Amazon's working capital fell into negative territory.
Amazon.com said yesterday that it just barely made its sales targets for the fourth quarter, but it sacrificed its profit margins to do so.
Mr. Price, known as a value investor, said he was not tempted by shares of either Citigroup or J. P. Morgan, despite their steep declines in price.
For Intel, the overhaul would be the first since January 2004, when it reorganized into five divisions, each focusing on a specific market.
Combining P & O Princess and Royal Caribbean would yield a company with 41 ships and 75,000 berths.
Traffic from search engines is especially important to small sites that, unlike those of Amazon.com or Gap, do not have the brand recognition to attract shoppers on their own.
But I.B.M.
Timex's new Internet Messenger watch enables the user to receive not only baffling instant messages on his wrist but also numerical and text pages, Internet e-mail, and Yahoo updates on stocks, weather, news and sports.
Whatever the attraction, the economics of sticking with the AT&T name are compelling.
''It has been suggested that a combined AOL-Time Warner might somehow favor our content over that of competitors,'' Mr. Case said.
Xerox, said Christa Carone, a company spokeswoman, led the office industry into multifunction products in the mid-1990's and it continues to lead.
The letter, by Verizon's general counsel, William P. Barr, an attorney general during the administration of President Bush's father, said that ''the United States is now on notice that it is effectively serving as a 'fence' for stolen property.''
A spokeswoman for Citigroup declined to comment.
TowerStream can charge less because it does not have to rent connections from Verizon or another former Bell company that runs local switching stations.
Canada's debt is rated lower by Moody's, at Aa2.
The threat to withdraw from the negotiations clearly puts pressure on Verizon, which is trying to handle a growing number of requests for repair and new service from customers, to reach an agreement that deals with the unions' concerns over issues including workplace stress and job security.
And the executive said Oracle had had no involvement in another episode, in which Microsoft's support for a free-market lobbying group called Citizens for a Sound Economy was reported in The Washington Post.
Earlier this year, as they tried to settle last year's lawsuit, Polo Ralph Lauren said the two horsemen infringed on its rights.
And what has attracted Microsoft is that the media business is going through a transition toward the digital technology of computers.''
The dispute among AES and the foreign concerns that are CANTV's largest shareholders, Verizon and Telefónica of Spain, is one of Latin America's most publicized takeover battles.
Mr. Maritz's hands-on push into the technology of development tools,  colleagues say, comes as Microsoft is engaged in an effort to both simplify the process of software development and marry its Windows technology with the technology of the Internet.
Mr. Noorda responded to the growing Microsoft threat by acquiring companies to fill holes in Novell's product line, including the Quattro Pro (spreadsheets) and Word Perfect (word processing).
Market Place column on Microsoft Corp; says every quarter, in post-earnings conference call with analysts, Microsoft offers medley of cautions: growth will slow; multiple is too high; comparisons with prior year will be tough; but almost nobody listens; Microsoft's closing share price on June 4 of $119.1875 is a remarkable 45 times estimated fiscal year 1997 earnings of $2.63 a share, giving company market capitalization of $142.8 billion; perhaps main reason that Microsoft shares remain so high is that every quarter, management's warnings notwithstanding, the company blows past analyst estimates; graph (L)
Vioxx's maker, Merck, suffered a financial blow yesterday, as the rating on its $4.9 billion in long-term debt was cut two levels, to Aa2 from Aaa, by Moody's Investors Service.
But for regulators and competitors in industries ranging from computers to telephones to Internet access, a partnership between AT&T and Microsoft, which is still being negotiated, could appear as frightening as it is formidable.
AngloGold added a cash component to its initial stock-based takeover offer for Normandy Mining Ltd., Australia's largest gold producer, lifting the price by $231 million and topping the offer of the Newmont Mining Corporation.
Jaguar Cars division of Ford Motor Co names Euro RSCG/Fuel global creative agency of record on its ad account; billions estimated at more than $100 million (S)
Timothy A. Koogle, Yahoo's chairman and chief executive, said consolidation in the dot-com industry might wind up helping Yahoo because weaker Internet companies would fall by the wayside, and Yahoo might recoup a larger share of the revenue from a stronger, more reliable advertising base.
APRIL 1, 2000 -- Talks between the federal government and Microsoft break down, and Judge Posner says he is ending his mediation effort.
Mr. Herzog was also instrumental in the creation of the channel's nightly satirical report on the day's news events, ''The Daily Show.''
And it is the second-largest shareholder after the Springer family foundation in Axel Springer Verlag, which owns scores of newspapers including Germany's top-selling tabloid, Bild.
Wal-Mart's quiet little victory in Vermont has been echoed throughout the Northeast, where the retailer has lately been mounting an aggressive expansion drive with little of the uproar that accompanied its rocky start earlier in the decade.
Gerald M. Levin, the chairman and chief executive of Time Warner, described the agreement as unprecedented.
Rupert Murdoch, chairman of the News Corporation, remains enthusiastic about satellite television.
Aetna, based in Hartford, attributed the loss to an unforeseen 15 percent increase in medical costs, the highest reported by any big for-profit managed care company.
Carnival Corp is preparing to raise its hostile bid for P&O Princess Cruises (S)
After reviewing two Pfizer-run pediatric studies, the F.D.A.
Over time, it makes sense for the United States and Europe, and other jurisdictions, to try to develop global standards, so Microsoft and other companies are not subjected to a patchwork of rules.
Hollywood saw Microsoft's and Creative Artists' proposal as less of a framework than an ultimatum.
Today, in a Congressional hearing unusual in its timing so close to judicial proceedings, the largely behind-the-scenes dueling between two pairs of industry rivals -- American Express and Discover espousing the government's side against the defendants, Visa and MasterCard -- erupted before a Senate subcommittee.
Goldman Sachs Group Inc reports surprisingly strong earnings in its first full year as public company, striking reversal from year ago when fallout from Russia's economic problems forced firm to postpone plans for its initial public offering of stock; Goldman earned $638 million in its fiscal third quarter ended Aug 27; net revenue was $3.41 billion, down from $3.47 billion in second quarter but up from $2.14 billion in third quarter of 1998; total revenue was $6.44 billion, up from $6.36 billion in previous quarter and $5.74 billion a year earlier; chief financial officer David Viniar comments (M)
However, Intel executives said that practice was not part of a larger effort to coerce rivals into giving up technology but a legitimate defense in response to patent claims asserted by those companies.
Oracle increasingly views the sales of software applications as a growth engine, in part because database sales have started to slow.
A.T. & T. had nicer videophones back in the 1960's.
TV ($1,394.99 at Amazon.com), to enable them to take the television outside to watch baseball in peace.
Or, more to the point, Antonio M. Perez, the Kodak chief executive who jumped over from Hewlett-Packard two years ago, wants Kodak to be cool.
As expected, the board of the Coca-Cola Company elected M. Douglas Ivester chairman and chief executive yesterday, replacing Roberto C. Goizueta, who died on Saturday at the age of 65.
Windows XP, Microsoft's new operating system, tightly integrates music playing, Internet shopping and digital photography software, among other features.
Data-protection officials from the 15 member nations of the European Union will ask Microsoft to make additional changes to Passport, its online customer authentication system, people close to the officials' deliberations on the matter say.
ImClone Systems and Bristol-Myers Squibb say they will begin to provide cancer drug Erbitux to limited number of colorectal cancer patients who have exhausted other treatment options; ImClone says companies will enroll 30 patients per month in program, who will be selected at random in process run by National Organization for Rare Disorders, patient advocacy group; ImClone and Bristol are beginning new clinical trials aimed at winning Food and Drug Administration approval for drug (M)
It was the second time in six days that a rating service had taken action regarding Interpublic, the agency company that is facing operational and financial problems.
I.B.M.
It is there that the commission and Morgan Stanley agree that the documents they have shared in the past 2 1/2 years will remain confidential.
Does I.B.M.
BOOP -- One of at least 10,000 peculiar-to-Microsoft acronyms.
Analysts had expected Nike to earn 53 cents a share, according to First Call/Thomson Financial.
''We picked Rodman to elevate the name Advantix and Kodak.
''We were moving in the right direction and, frankly, we were lucky as well,'' said Nicholas Donofrio, the senior vice president for technology at I.B.M.
Home Depot Inc has hired 116 Olympic athletes from US, Canada and Puerto Rico at cost of several million dollars to pace its floors and advise customers; it using their presence not to increase sales in national advertising campaign, but to pump up employee morale and keep rate of labor turnover down; Home Depot has spread 116 Olympic contenders among its 958 North American stores, where local managers enlist them to motivate employees and attract new ones; other companies are pursuing similar strategy; chart; graph; photos (M)
Motorola, which earned $326 million or 54 cents a share in the second quarter, said that earnings for the quarter ending Sept. 28 could be down ''significantly,'' a word the company has used in the past only to refer to changes of 25 percent or more.
Amazon's free shipping program also contributed to a decline in gross margins for the third quarter, from 28.4 percent to 27.4 percent, which also resulted from a change in the revenue mix toward lower-margin products, Mr. Bezos said.
But members and family advisers have argued that the strongest plan is the simplest one, and that in any case, it would be unrealistic to think that News Corporation would agree to give up financial control.
Within the next few days, the lawyers said, the judge, Federico Moreno of Federal District Court in Miami, was expected to rule on motions by the health maintenance organizations seeking to dismiss all or some  of the cases against Aetna, the Cigna Corporation, Humana Inc. and several other H.M.O.
Carnival, which is based in Miami, is one of two bidders for P&O, which is based in London.
General Motors, the Ford Motor Company and Chrysler were already losing market share to foreign automakers before Sept. 11, but the attacks led to domestic parts shortages because of transportation problems, some production cuts and the new incentives.
Correction:  April 11, 2006, Tuesday  A bar graph yesterday in a grouping of charts with a front-page article about Verizon's relationship to the consultant who helped determine the compensation of its chief executive, Ivan G. Seidenberg, carried an incorrect label.
It remains unclear just what direct impact the Sun-Intel deal will have on Advanced Micro, though it clearly comes at a bad time for the company, which is set to announce quarterly earnings on Tuesday.
The custom-made trailer, which doubles as Verizon's central switching station for the event, can handle 4,000 phone lines at a time.
That dream, Microsoft admits, is years away.
Cervejarias Kaiser, owned by the Coca-Cola Company, its Brazilian bottlers and Heineken; and the maker of Brahma beer, Cia.
Amgen bought 21 percent of Tularik last year as the companies started a collaboration to discover cancer drugs.
Last week I could not even find Amazon.com's toll-free number, which used to be listed in teensy, weensy type on the last order processing page.
The ruling, handed down by United States Judge Harold H. Greene, means that AT&T will probably be able to complete the deal by the end of September and proceed with its effort to build a nationwide wireless communications network.
Mr. Peck expects Intel's quarterly results to be met ''very, very positively by investors'' but that the rise should soon be subject to other realities.
Despite a bribery scandal, General Motors is committing big money to an Olympics campaign.
Goldman Sachs, Merrill Lynch, UBS and Lehman Brothers, along with others, have been drawing up lists of top managing directors at the firm and have begun approaching them in earnest, bankers and recruiters say.
Microsoft hopes that media companies will use it to encode their files and buy the server software necessary to deliver it to consumers over the Internet.
Yesterday's news from Wal-Mart was countered by that of Sharper Image, which had proclaimed this ''the year of the gadget.''
''Once again, Intuit is proving its ability to execute and deliver,'' said Steve Bennett, the president and chief executive of Intuit.
The third outsider brought in since the Saatchi 17 left was Pete Johnson, who joined as senior vice president and creative director for General Mills brands aimed at children; he had been vice president and creative director at the Cartoon Network in New York, owned by Time Warner.
I'm sitting in a roomful of workstations at I.B.M.
To Sun, Oracle and I.B.M., the network computer is something quite different.
David Willis, an analyst with Meta Group, said those markets were mature and did not offer Cisco much chance for growth unless the company took market share from competitors.
The Amazon blogs are, at least for now, intended as a one-way communication, with writers talking to readers.
''This is the dirty secret of e-commerce,'' said Joe Walowski, a senior product manager who manages Fulfillment by Amazon.
Verizon and other large local telephone companies are required to allow competitors' employees free access to the locations they lease on their networks, although they sometimes conduct background checks or require special identification materials from these employees.
Last week, the Cigna Corporation and Humana Inc. reported double-digit increases.
News Corp. And Partners Take MySpace To the Chinese
US Lodging Industry Survey by PricewaterhouseCoopers shows hotel industry is poised to benefit strongly from business-travel rebound with 4.2 percent increase in revenue per available room in 2004; says average domestic hotel occupancy rate stabilized in 2003 at estimated 59.3 percent after dropping annually from 2000 to 2002; airline schedule publisher OAG says number of flights was up 1 percent worldwide last week over comparable week in December 2002; Four Seasons Hotels and Resorts has decided to raise its brand flag over Regent Bangkok and Regent Chiang Mai hotels in Thailand; American Express will offer 'radically new corporate hotel savings program' in 2004 intended to dissuade business travelers from making 'rogue bookings' on commercial Internet travel sites; graph (Memo Pad column) (M)
The lawsuit accuses Halliburton, an energy services and construction company led by Mr. Cheney from 1995 to 2000, of fraudulently increasing its profits through improper accounting methods in conjunction with Arthur Andersen.
Federal Express decided to go with Boeing -- it ordered 15 smaller Boeing 777s -- because of the delivery delays in the A380.
Federal Trade Commission is expected to file suit charging that Intel Corp uses its dominance of computer chip market to gain leverage in disputes with certain computer makers by withholding key technical data about its chips; some analysts see move as largely symbolic because manufacturers involved, Integraph Corp and Digital Equipment Corp, are not currently major personal computer makers; Intel says future of company is at stake and vows to fight suit; has sought to convince FTC that company, not Government, should decide who has access to its intellectural property (M)
Coca-Cola Enterprises, largest bottler for Coca-Cola Co, announces that its chief executive Henry A Schimberg will retire at end of year, three months earlier than expected; will be replaced by chairman Summerfield K Johnston Jr; John R Alm is named chief operating officer and president, and Norman P Findley is named to newly created position, executive vice president for new business development; company announces 17 percent rise in earnings in third quarter; says revenue rose 9 percent, to $3.8 billion (M)
The future of the Boeing Company, no matter its tumultuous present, rests in large part on the wings of its next-generation jet.
Wall Street is still trying to gauge the effect of the partnerships and licensing deals on Procter & Gamble's finances.
''Mike Roberts is a visionary person who understands the importance of providing a spectrum of choices at McDonald's.''
And he made it clear that Kodak would go after every possible retail opportunity.
In a standard silicon processor like Intel's Pentium chip, droplets of solder carry electrical current from the chip to the package.
When Steven A. Ballmer, Microsoft's chief executive, arrived in Brussels early last week to negotiate with the European Commission over its antitrust case, lawyers involved in the talks said they believed that a settlement was within reach.
TO opponents of business-methods patents, Jeff Bezos, founder and chief executive of Amazon.com, has become a poster boy for his patent covering a ''one click'' electronic ordering system.
Apple's architect, Mr. Backus, said: ''We have made alterations.
If Vioxx is found to be defective under certain state laws, the timing and the circumstances of the recall could become a factor in determining whether Merck behaved so negligently or recklessly that it should pay punitive damages.
Microsoft will sell more copies of Windows.
The third-party strategy has helped Amazon expand while minimizing its need to maintain its own inventory of goods.
Top executives at Cisco Systems Inc will not receive bonuses for 2001 fiscal year because company fell short of its financial goals (S)
The nation's largest exporter, the Boeing Company of Seattle, said today that it expected a deepening recession in Asia to cost it orders for 90 aircraft over the next five years.
Motorola, which introduced a new line of Windows NT Power PC machines only three months ago, said it would continue to support them until the next version of Windows NT is introduced in about two years.
If Mr. Wolfowitz had not taken action, the contract between Boeing and the Air Force probably would have been signed this week, Defense Department officials said.
Barred by a previous agreement from selling its stake until mid-January, AT&T then waited for the right market conditions to sell, he said.
Compaq and others are gambling that computers built on standard PC technology -- with chips from Intel and network operating systems from Microsoft -- will evolve the computing muscle to take on I.B.M.
The 12-day-old strike against General Motors began as a little-watched local dispute at a single metal-shaping plant here, but the walkout has quickly snowballed into a strike of national importance.
Yet if the pendulum has swung in Microsoft's direction under the Bush administration, it is by no means clear how much.
AT&T, the biggest Bell company, comprises the former SBC Communications and the AT&T long-distance business, which it acquired last year, adopting its name.
Campbell has already had success selling the salsas of its Pace brand in Canada and has enjoyed strong double-digit growth in Germany.
During the keynote speech, Frank Casanova 2d, director of the advanced prototyping laboratory of Apple, displayed a variety of futuristic-looking Macintoshes -- some sleek and sensuous, some in Day-Glo colors, even some in leather and brushed chrome -- and hinted that at least a few of the designs are already in production.
Camera, a lawyer for Interpublic, declined to comment on the settlement, referring inquiries to the release.
Boston Scientific, like other device makers, receives numerous complaints from doctors and patients about problems stemming from how products are designed or used.
Apple's executives tried to put the best face on an effort to essentially start from scratch in a frantic race to catch Microsoft.
As a result, they compete with a much more diversified range of retailers than regular Wal-Marts.
Mr. Smith also pointed to phrasing in the judge's 91-page decision that gave Microsoft ''substantial cause for optimism'' that the company might eventually win in court.
The greatest effect of a ruling against Microsoft would be evident in the way the company sells its music and video-playing software program Media Player.
''Would Johnston be as eager to promote strict pay practices on the Home Depot board, where one of his pay setters is in a position to apply the same pay principles to his own pay package?''
As the largest merchant on the Internet, Amazon is the most significant bellwether of electronic commerce.
After struggling for more than half a decade with Vista, its most ambitious development project ever, Microsoft has begun work on a reportedly less ambitious successor under Mr. Sinofsky's leadership.
Coca-Cola Co delivers blow to Interpublic Group of Companies by dismissing its Universal McCann agency from significant assignment in North America; consolidates media planning and buying for all soft drink and juice brands in North America, shifting them to Starcom MediaVest Group of Publicis Groupe (S)
In a statement, he said, executives and government officials had often asked him, ''How did you save I.B.M.?
''This starts to take Linux to a higher level, and gives government and corporate customers a greater level of comfort,'' said Nicholas M. Donofrio, a senior vice president of I.B.M.
With Women Central, Microsoft hopes to tap into what Jupiter Communications, a new-media research company, calls the fastest-growing audience on the Web, a market expected to grow to 65 million in 2002 from 45 million today.
For these reasons, which are discussed in more detail below, Microsoft respectfully requests that the Court summarily reject the government's proposal to split Microsoft into two separate companies.
Comcast, which is based in Philadelphia, is controlled by the Roberts family through so-called supervoting stock in which each share counts for more than one vote.
A Bank of America spokeswoman, Eloise Hale, said the analysts' estimates were wrong but declined to be more specific.
Federal regulators are expected to take a keen interest in the combination of Johnson & Johnson and Guidant because of overlap in certain areas.
''A significant number of comments,'' the report said, ''contain opinions concerning Microsoft, e.g., 'I hate Microsoft,' or concerning this antitrust case generally, e.g., 'This case should never have been brought.'
Although there were reports in 2000 that Mr. Malone might get a seat on the board after he swapped his stake in Gemstar for News Corporation stock , a person close to Mr. Malone said that he did not push for one.
The folks at H&R Block are using their familiar logo to promote their lineup of tax products.
Samsung Electronics appoints WPP Group agencies to handle creative duties previously handled by Interpublic agency Foote Cone & Belding and media planning and buying, previously handled by Interpublic media agency, Initiative; photo (M)
approves the deal, AT&T said it would live by the commitments for three and a half years.
The shift is a disappointment for Microsoft.
New York City Police Commissioner Howard Safir, in unusual arrangement, has agreed to base 200 police officers in new financial district substation to be provided and maintained by Alliance for Downtown New York; Alliance is business improvement district representing number of influential Wall Street area companies; Mayor Rudolph W Giuliani says substation will provide added security in area that could be target for terrorism; hails private financing; some City Council members and community leaders score plan to assign added officers to one of city's safest areas, rather than to more dangerous but less affluent areas; Councilman Sheldon S Leffler cites concern about role of Safir's wife, Carol, who first approached group to fund new home for Police Museum, which it is also funding (M)
Intel Corp and Compaq Computer say they will work together to develop wireless hand-held communications devices and applications used to access and transmit data over Internet (S)
The mirrors are leftover projection-television chips from Intel's planned effort to enter the digital television market -- an effort the company recently abandoned only 10 months after a splashy introduction at the Consumer Electronics Show last January.
Bill Dreher, an analyst at Deutsche Bank Securities, said that by becoming a Web destination for videos, Wal-Mart would bolster its position as an authority for all things digital, perhaps enticing customers to buy a PC or television at either WalMart.com or a store.
The recent talks between the companies preceded public comments yesterday by Johnson & Johnson's vice chairman, Robert J. Darretta Jr., that the company was reviewing its options under the terms of the Guidant deal.
Mr. Purcell was chairman and chief executive of Dean Witter Reynolds, a large retail brokerage firm that later merged into Morgan Stanley, when Mr. Donaldson, a founder of the firm of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette, became chairman of the New York Stock Exchange in 1990.
General Mills, for example, bought Small Planet Foods in 1999 and Philip Morris bought Boca Burger and Balance Bar in 2000.
According to Moody's, the Greek government's efforts to qualify for the use of the euro as its currency contributed to its economic improvement.
Analysts speculated that the verdict could encourage Johnson & Johnson to negotiate cross-licensing agreements to end the litigation.
Moody's also took issue with the budget for increasing spending more than 5 percent, much faster than inflation, after two years of relative restraint with Mr. Pataki in office, and for increasing New York's debt load, already the highest by far of any state.
A follow-on version of the chip will have more than 1,000 computing elements and will contain a version of I.B.M.
Warden warned that Microsoft would ask for a six-month delay in the trial, which is scheduled to begin in just three weeks, if the company was suddenly required to defend itself against all of the new evidence, too.
Citigroup wins temporary injunction halting Daniel Dantas, its former investment manager in Brazil, from selling its stakes in Brazilian wireless companies Telemig Celular and Tele Norte Celular, also known as Amazonia Celular (S)
In the London trial, which is likely to run into next week or perhaps even longer, Apple Computer is expected to argue that it merely serves as a conduit for the transmission of music in digital form.
The documents, some of which Mr. Klein had earlier provided to reporters, describe a mysterious room at the AT&T Internet and telephone hub in San Francisco where he worked.
*In October, the company refocused on its MSN effort, the Microsoft Internet service provider, in its continuing effort to catch up with America Online.
The affidavit detailed a lifestyle that included the couple's use of a Manhattan apartment bought for Mr. Welch by General Electric, which also paid for many of the expenses of the apartment.
And New York is where the Microsoft Corporation will find the stiffest competition -- more than a dozen local service-information sites are on line already, ranging from Net-only services like Citysearch (www.citysearch.com) to the World Wide Web versions of magazines like Timeout (www.timeout.co.uk).
Big Web sites, like Yahoo, said this policy sullied ratings used by both advertisers and investors.
A Morgan Stanley spokesman, Jon Diat, read a statement yesterday saying that the firm ''has been affected by the difficult conditions in global capital markets.''
It is considered significant because by combining organic and inorganic materials for the first time, I.B.M.
It said, many United States financial institutions work with American Express to sell the company's travelers' checks.
Rapid Restore Ultra from IBM stores backups of computer system, including software, settings and operating system in hidden hard drive that can be accessed in case of crash; photo (M)
Yahoo has asked a federal judge to declare that a French court's recent judgment against the company cannot be enforced in the United States.
For Bank of America, an acquisition would fill an important gap in its nationwide branch network.
Honeywell's stock increased nearly 11 percent on Friday as investors speculated that G.E.
The suits all contended that Microsoft used its monopoly position to overcharge customers for software.
Justice Department has hired Jeffrey Blattner, former chief counsel of Senate Judiciary Committee, as special counsel for information technology, a sign that department's confrontation with Microsoft Corp may be escalating; Justice Department official says Blattner will serve as 'point man inside Justice on the Microsoft case' (M)
At the risk of offending some Apple enthusiasts, Windows users could think of the Mini as a PC peripheral.
The Newmont Mining Corporation, which wants to revive its operations here, has acknowledged that both the old and the new projects may produce enough acid to pollute the groundwater 100 to 10,000 years in the future, though Newmont executives say this is unlikely.
I.B.M.
Technology Briefing
In 1999, Yahoo gave a small company its first big break, hiring it to provide results for its Internet search service.
Michael L. Mayo, an analyst with Prudential Financial, released a report estimating legal and regulatory liabilities of $10 billion for Citigroup as a result of its business with the two bankrupt companies along with other corporate scandals.
The new, and so far internal, definition of what Wal-Mart, the nation's largest retailer, stands for will soon become a very public strategy, evident on the shelves of 4,000 stores and in advertisements seen across the country.
But analysts said that in the case of Citigroup, interest rate fears were overblown.
Johnson & Johnson's minutes of the meeting stated: ''In F.D.A.
The new program, I.B.M.
Bob Schieffer, the ''temporary'' host of ''The CBS Evening News,'' has nicely stabilized and expanded the audience in his year in the chair.
Mr. Boies and Robert Morvillo, a lawyer who represented Martha Stewart and is now representing Mr. Greenberg, said this weekend that they had not gotten critical documents from American International Group to prepare for the deposition.
The proposed changes may result in higher fees for A.T.& T., which is likely to oppose the plan, but could mean lower costs for MCI and Sprint.
For example, for every $10 in local-network access charges that A.T.& T. currently pays Nynex in New York state, it spends about $3 in New York City and the remaining $7 elsewhere in the state.
During his impromptu Comdex chat with reporters, though, Mr. Gates divulged that Mr. Hill and a small group of Microsoft researchers had been able to take advantage of the fact that on a liquid crystal display, or LCD, each picture element, or pixel, consists of three separate sub-pixels, of different colors.
Microsoft's antitrust battle in Europe intensifies when some of its biggest rivals file new complaint against it, accusing company of wide range of antitrust abuses; IBM, Oracle, Sun Microsystems and six other companies submit formal complaint to European Commission, claiming Microsoft continues to abuse its dominant position in software market in spite of 2004 European antitrust ruling against it; other companies behind complaint are Nokia, Red Hat, RealNetworks, Opera, Corel and Linspire;; complaint focuses on Microsoft Office bundle of applications, which includes PowerPoint software, made for use in public presentations; photo (M)
Intel said revenues would range from $8.3 billion to $8.6 billion, a sharp reduction from the $8.6 billion to $9.2 billion it had forecast in July.
Air Force is caught in growing scandal involving billions of dollars in weapon systems that Pentagon officials had once tried to dismiss as wayward actions of single disgraced employee; scandal has tarnished Air Force and led to shake-up in its top ranks; Air Force Sec James G Roche has resigned; Sen John W Warner, chairman of Senate Armed Services committee, says it is in 'best interest' of Air Force that Roche and his top aide, Marvin R Sambur, leave their jobs; Sen John McCain has written scathing letter to Defense Sec Donald H Rumsfeld calling Air Force leadership 'woefully inadequate' and predicting 'disastrous effects' if its lack of oversight in awarding billions of dollars in weapons systems is not corrected; at center of scandal is relationship between Air Force and main supplier, Boeing Co, that had grown cozy; extent of that coziness came clear when Air Force's former number 2 weapons buyer, Darleen A Druyun, admitted in federal court she unfairly steered billions of dollars to Boeing as she sought jobs at Boeing for herself, her daughter and son-in-law; Druyun faces nine months in prison; lawsuits are casting clouds over some Boeing executives, including Harry C Stonecipher; photos (M)
The combination will result in a giant company called the St. Paul Travelers Companies, which will rank second in commercial insurance to the American International Group and will be among the top companies in home and auto insurance.
Lucas van Praag, a Goldman Sachs spokesman, said the ''firm does not comment on regulatory matters.''
Time Warner has 10.9 million subscribers.
Because its computers do not adhere to the Wintel standard -- the Microsoft Corporation's Windows operating system and Intel's microprocessors -- Apple was considered weakened and irrelevant for years.
''It could be that what Boeing is telling us is that somewhere else in the company there is another $225 million that we didn't tell you about,'' said Joseph F. Campbell, a managing director at Lehman Brothers.
I now had e-mail via Comcast.net, at least when I could remember my new user name and password.
Tim Mahon, an analyst at First Boston, cited weak personal computer demand for the severity of Intel's price cutting.
And both companies are now selling their products at a fraction of the cost of Microsoft Office.
National Transportation Safety Board begins investigating fire aboard Carnival cruise ship Ecstasy; some passengers say they smelled smoke long before crew told them of fire; other passangers aboard ship, which had just embarked on five-day trip from Miami to Cozumel, Mexico, when fire began in stern, complain that they were told little of what was going on; photo (M)
Bill Wertz, a spokesman for Wal-Mart, which employs more than 1 million workers in its 3,300 stores nationwide, said the company was disappointed by the verdict.
The investment in Comcast, announced yesterday, is only one of the many moves Microsoft has made -- ranging from the on-line topical magazine Slate to MSNBC, a Web site and cable news network, to its recent $425 million purchase of Web TV Networks Inc., a maker of set-top boxes that deliver the Internet to television sets.
Mattel Inc. has consolidated its media account, with billings estimated at $200 million, by eliminating one of three shops A spokeswoman for Mattel in El Segundo, Calif., confirmed a report about the consolidation this week in Advertising Age.
Intel Fires Back at A.M.D.
Yahoo Inc. said yesterday that Gregory G. Coleman, who most recently worked as a top executive at Reader's Digest, would become its executive vice president for North American operations.
But, she added, ''If Wal-Mart wanted, they could send their big guns out and bury Netflix.''
The International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers, which represents 25,000 Boeing employees, said the three main issues were job security, retirement funds and health care.
Floyd Norris column on financial maneuvers used by J P Morgan Chase & Co and Citigroup Inc in its dealings with Enron Corp; holds one clever Chase deal let Enron show millions in debt as not being debt at all, but money due to part-owner of Enron subsidiary; says Chase vice president Marc J Shapiro said this week that year ago is was seen as good thing if debt was removed from balance sheet, but now it is seen as bad; adds Shapiro told analysts that Chase had no legal liability because it believed--and still believes--that Enron's accounting for transactions was proper; graph (M)
With its acquisition of Ultramar, Valero will become the second- biggest refiner in the country, trailing only Exxon Mobil.
In addition, the commission demanded that Microsoft disclose enough Windows computer code to allow rivals to make server software as compatible with the operating system as Microsoft's own server software.
Wal-Mart declined to explain its reasons for the new distribution system.
Mr. Seidenberg's package was competitive with that of other companies in Verizon's industry, shareholders were told, and was devised with the help of an ''outside consultant'' who reports to the committee.
Earlier this year, Coca-Cola said it was comfortable with analysts' projections for full-year earnings of $1.78 a share.
But restoring the software side of its business, which long distinguished Apple computers from PC's running Microsoft software, is in many ways the harder part.
As a result, Mr. Perelman had to prove only that he relied on Morgan Stanley's advice, a much easier legal hurdle to clear.
Wells Fargo says that operating a do-it-yourself insurer in Vermont, rather than buying coverage from an independent insurance company, will save it money and increase the benefits it pays to workers.
But it appears that the General Motors security would escape the Clinton bill because it is designed to fall at the edge of the arbitrary line set by President Clinton.
But Lawrence C. Best, Boston Scientific's chief financial officer, told analysts yesterday that the company was investigating whether its tax structure would allow it to sell as much as 25 percent of the subsidiary without incurring too much expense.
Cisco shares closed at $65.50, down 75 cents, in Nasdaq trading.
Some later versions of Microsoft Word have a Reveal Formatting task pane that displays information about a selected piece of formatted text.
Goldman Sachs is bidding for AB Ports along with the Ontario pension fund Omers, the private equity arm of the Singapore government and a Prudential Group fund.
Home Depot has spread the 116 Olympic contenders among its 958 North American stores, where local managers enlist them to motivate employees and attract new ones.
One potential problem with the alliance is that many of the communications carriers that I.B.M.
And refurbs are proliferating on eBay.
was considering suits against four partners at KPMG, Xerox's former accounting firm, and five former Xerox executives, including Paul A. Allaire, the former chairman, and Barry D. Romeril, the former chief financial officer.
''The commitments by Coca-Cola will level the playing field in the carbonated soft drinks market in Europe,'' Mr. Monti told reporters.
News Corp says Lachlan Murdoch, oldest son of company's chairman, Rupert Murdoch, has been named deputy chief operating officer, No.
According to a recent survey, about 56 percent of them are Wal-Mart shoppers, she said, compared with 66 percent of the general population.
Indeed, as Disney prepares for its annual meeting today in Philadelphia, Comcast's hometown, Comcast seems out of the picture.
''The district court,'' Microsoft stated, ''largely suspended application of the federal rules of evidence, admitting numerous newspaper and magazine articles and other rank hearsay.''
Moreover, union officials said they could put more pressure on Wal-Mart by mounting a sophisticated publicity campaign to embarrass it over its wages, benefits and overall treatment of its employees.
The discussions in Washington are heated, but the worst case for AOL and Time Warner is a regulatory regimen that forces it to let competing Internet service providers use the combined company's cable systems on terms that are not quite to its liking.
With its move, I.B.M.
The Pentagon eventually chose to allow Boeing and Lockheed to produce prototypes of their designs, and then will let the companies demonstrate the technological and military capabilities of each.
''We're trying to bring the coffeehouse home to millions of consumers'' in the form of ''a machine they can use every day,'' said Max Rangel, marketing director for Home Café at Procter in Cincinnati, which is teaming up with the Black & Decker, Hamilton Beach, Krups and Mr. Coffee brands.
Indeed, while Apple announced that it would quickly make it possible for Macintosh programmers to use the same programming language that is now being used by Next programmers, much of the computer world is now moving toward the Java programming language developed by Sun.
''The biggest challenge facing Microsoft is growth,'' Mr. Belluzzo said.
More than 1,000 current and former deaf employees at United Parcel Service settle discrimination lawsuit, with company agreeing to pay $10 million and to take steps to accommodate deaf workers; company pledges to provide deaf workers with effective communications, including interpreters, for interviews, orientation, training, safety meetings and disciplinary sessions (M)
At Yahoo in the second quarter, that measure excluded $46 million of expenses related to its layoffs of 12 percent of its staff and the resulting reduction in office space.
The Justice Department filed the petition partly in response to the release three weeks ago of the newest version of Microsoft's browser, Internet Explorer 4.0.
Amazon.com, the rapidly expanding on-line store, is about to introduce a new service in which it will refer its customers to other Internet merchants selling goods that it does not carry, according to people briefed by the company on the plan.
Still, my new iMac looked great,  and I was enormously pleased with how Apple's operating system upgrade, System 8.5, smoothed the appearance of the type on the screen.
''In a lot of ways the impatience and speed at America Online will translate well at Time Warner.''
Still, while analysts generally applauded Kodak's attempts to extend its brand identity, few expected the new stores to be a cure-all.
Excerpts from documents filed in Federal District Court in Washington by Microsoft Corp in response to proposal by government to split company in two
AT&T's chairman and chief executive, Edward E. Whitacre Jr., said on a call with analysts yesterday that the merger ''will create a strong national and global competitor, better positioned to innovate and deliver new services to both businesses and consumers.''
In addition to Cline Davis continuing with the health-care and interactive assignments, Mr. Ewing said, Pfizer will continue using Digitas as the direct marketing and relationship marketing agency for Viagra, an assignment awarded to the Digitas New York office in April.
So I.B.M.
The ousted executives included the chairman of Citigroup's international operations, Deryck C. Maughan.
Hearings over Microsoft Corp's antitrust case returns to what has been most hotly contested question since government filed its suit four years ago: Can a court tell company how to design its own software code?
General Motors' offer did so well that it helped American carmakers take back some of the domestic market share they lost in recent years to the Japanese.
In addition, delays in the completion of Verizon's wireless joint venture with Vodafone AirTouch P.L.C.
If cautious about the current quarter, Apple is optimistic for the long term.
They will work at a new Interpublic agency, still unnamed, that will specialize in ads for products aimed at children and families, like the General Mills brands they handled at Saatchi New York.
Wireless technology known as WiFi, which allows users of personal and hand-held computers to connect to Internet at high speed without cables, gets significant stamp of approval when AT&T, IBM and Intel announce new company called Cometa Networks to create nationwide network; Cometa Networks wants to deploy more than 20,000 wireless access points by end of 2004, placing cable-less high-speed Internet connection within either five-minute walk in urban areas or five-minute drive in suburban communities; executives from technology companies and investment firms Apax Partners and 3i that joined to create network say they will begin offering their service through cellular and wired telephone companies, DSL and cable Internet service providers and other Internet retailers some time in 2003; Cometa chief executive Dr Lawrence B Brilliant comments; photo (M)
Microsoft has submitted Office 12 to Ecma International, the industry standards body, to be registered as a standard software format interoperable with all rivals.
Old Navy unit of Gap Inc names Deutsch to help its internal ad team create campaigns for general market; spending estimated at $180 million (S)
*At the annual Comdex computer show last month, William H. Gates, Microsoft's chairman and co-founder, showed off the company's version of the tablet computer, an effort to recharge the personal computer industry with a new package for mobile office and home computing.
Dr. Bruce Psaty, a professor of medicine and epidemiology at the University of Washington, said that the trial would have been more meaningful if Merck had used naproxen -- sold over the counter as Aleve -- as a comparison drug, rather than diclofenac.
If Comcast acquires Disney, for example, it will only tighten the screws for MGM, the last major free-standing studio in a business of intertangled conglomerates.
In both cases, Morgan Stanley sold its shares as they were declining months before it was allowed to do so.
''Because of I.B.M.
Morgan Stanley's Earnings Climbed 55% in 3d Quarter
The news, however, was not well received by Ford Motor or Chrysler, whose financial positions appear to many analysts to be worse than that of General Motors.
Jan Valentic, vice president for global marketing at Ford Motor Co, is leaving to join Young & Rubicam Brands as executive vice president and global client leader; her Ford duties will be realigned under group vice president James O'Connor; Starcom USA names Steven Feuling chief marketing officer and promotes executive vice president John Muszynski to managing director; Rapp Collins Worldwide names Gary VonKennel chairman and chief executive, succeeding Malcolm Speed, who retires (S)
Leading bond rating agencies are beginning to crack down on what they see as risky lending practices in commercial real estate; low interest rates and abundance of investment capital have led to heady times for buyers and sellers of commercial buildings and other income-producing property; buildings have traded at record prices and loan terms have become increasingly generous, with many buyers putting little or no equity into deals; Moody's says there were $769.6 billion in commercial mortgage-backed securities at end of year, representing 26.1 percent of all outstanding commercial mortgages; Jim Duca, group managing director at Moody's, and J Larry Duggins, executive managing director of Centerline Capital Group, comment; photos (L)
Investors and analysts have said that some of AT&T's systems could fit well with the Comcast footprint.
In an effort to foster competition in the communications industry, competitors were allowed access to the networks of Verizon and other established local phone companies like SBC Communications, BellSouth and Qwest Communications under the Telecommunications Act of 1996.
''It really wasn't hard; it was just to go back to Apple's roots.
Fortifying its position as the world's largest insurance broker, Marsh & McLennan of New York said yesterday that it had agreed to buy the London-based Sedgwick Group, the largest independent broker in Europe, for $2.05 billion in cash.
The article also misspelled the name of the company led by Toni Schneider, a former Yahoo executive who commented on the strategies.
Although it cannot play Windows Media Audio (WMA) files itself, Apple's iTunes program can convert unprotected WMA files to AAC.
He raised a lot of money from Microsoft.
''AT&T does follow all laws with respect to assistance offered to government agencies,'' said Walt Sharp, the AT&T spokesman.
Mr. Daly, 62, and Mr. Semel, 55, a team for nearly 20 years, said on Thursday that they had told Gerald M. Levin, chairman of the studio's parent company, Time Warner Inc., of their decision not to renew their contracts, which expire on Dec. 31.
When they filed their antitrust suit against Microsoft in May 1998 -- a month before Windows 98 went on sale -- the federal and state authorities also sought a preliminary order forcing Microsoft to change its new system.
The change of corporate mind came three days after Wal-Mart fired two marketing executives, Julie Roehm and Sean Womack, who were instrumental in determining the outcome of the first review.
Norwest Corp and Wells Fargo & Co agree to merge in $34 billion deal, which would create a bank with $191 billion in assets; Wells Fargo shareholders will own about 52.5 percent of combined company with Norwest shareholders holding the balance; transaction places pressure on smaller banks to look to mergers; bank mergers have proceeded at particularly blistering pace so far this year and only handful of outsized deals remain to be completed; charts (M)
''This allows us to participate in the fastest-growing segment of the telecommunications industry,'' said Christopher B. Galvin, the chairman and chief executive of Motorola, which is based in Schaumburg, Ill. ''There's an insatiable demand for bandwidth into the home.''
The commission ordered Microsoft to offer personal computer makers and consumers in Europe a stripped-down Windows with Microsoft's media player removed.
New Focus For Intel: The Home
Mr. Seidenberg said the reaction to SBC's agreement at the end of January to buy the AT&T Corporation -- MCI's chief rival -- gave Verizon confidence to close a deal.
The union, the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers, last went on strike against Boeing in 1995; that walkout lasted 69 days.
Newmont Mining Corp raises its offer for Santa Fe Pacific Gold Corp to $2.15 billion in an effort to break up merger agreement between Santa Fe and Homestake Mining Co; Newmont, Denver, would be second-largest gold mining company in North American if if buys Santa Fe, producing some 3.6 million ounces of gold in 1997, with proven reserves on nearly 50 million ounces; Homestake, whose gold production has been flat or declining in recent years, may be forced to raise its friendly bid for Santa Fe or risk being left behind by larger companies in rapidly consolidating industry; Homestake's merger with Santa Fe would create company with largest gold reserves in North American and second-largest mining operation (M)
Activision Inc plans to license from Paramount Pictures exclusive rights to make video games based on Star Trek movies (S)
Hewlett-Packard Co says two federal agencies are looking into its relationships with investment banks Deutsche Bank and Northern Trust, which cast crucial votes on its proposal to merge with Compaq Computer Corp; Hewlett-Packard, in filing with Securities and Exchange Commission, says it received subpoena on April 10 from US attorney's office for Southern District seeking information about investment banks' votes; also says it has received informal request from San Francisco office of SEC for documents and other information about its relationships and communications with Deutsche Bank in connection with merger proposal; Deutsche Bank says company voted for merger based on 'independent judgment' of its proxy committee and 'interest of its clients' (M)
Not surprisingly, the Microsoft antitrust case ranked dead last.
Mr. Chenault said in an interview yesterday that 1996 was the first year in a decade that the American Express share of credit card spending did not decline.
Both defendants asserted, as Microsoft does here, that the tied and tying products were in reality only a single product, or that every item was traded in a single market.
Of course, Verizon has the assets to buy Vodafone.
Shifts at Citigroup Renew Speculation on Succession; 4 Executives Are Given Expanded Duties
But a longtime Adobe bull said this was exactly the time to buy shares, before the strong growth potential of forthcoming products was obvious.
At the other end of the bar, another amiable Genius -- Apple's term for its in-store technical support staff -- greeted a couple who had arrived with an ailing PowerBook.
Fewer than 10 percent of the comments -- or 2,900 -- were deemed by lawyers for the Justice Department and Microsoft to be worthy of being ''characterized as containing a degree of detailed substance.''
Y.& R. San Francisco handles Clorox brands like Combat insecticides, Kingsford charcoal and Stain Out stain remover.
With Comcast's bid of 0.78 share of Comcast stock now worth $23.35 a share and Disney shares trading at $26.76, Disney does not have a place in Comcast's future, at least for now.
The controlling shareholder of Airbus, the European Aeronautic Defense and Space Company, or EADS, said on Monday that its board ''fully supports'' a plan by Airbus to build a competitor to the 7E7, Boeing's highly efficient 200-to-300-seat plane intended for the huge market in midsize aircraft.
General Motors Corp is rebounding faster than expected from strike that shut down most of its North American factories during summer; GM reports September vehicle sales totaled 393,364 cars and light trucks, 3.1 percent decline compared with year-earlier but less of drop than analysts had expected; GM closed 1998 model year selling 4.6 million light vehicles, down 2.6 percent; GM's market share bounced back to 31 percent, level it was at before strike began; company officials deny that GM is offering larger incentives than its rivals; charts (M)
Norman Pearlstine, the editor in chief of Time Inc., found out that his parent company, Time Warner, was about to merge with America Online, at about 7 p.m. Sunday night, long after Time and Fortune, the magazines that would care most about the events, had gone to press.
''Exxon is not immune to market cost increases,'' Stuart R. McGill, a senior vice president for exploration and development projects, said during the analyst meeting.
Morgan Stanley, UBS, Credit Suisse First Boston and Citigroup are expected to announce they are joining Merrill Lynch and Citadel Derivatives Group in buying equity stake in Philadelphia Stock Exchange; Fidelity Investments, Lehman Brothers, Credit Suisse First Boston, Citigroup and Citigroup unit, Lava Trading, are in advanced talks to create electronic stock trading platform in Boston, which will be structured similarly to Boston Options Exchange; two deals appear to be reaction against might of New York Stock Exchange and of Nasdaq (M)
Oracle Posts 31% Increase In Earnings
Back in Singapore, Coffee Bean's rivalry with Starbucks seems more evenly matched, though neither will say much about the competition.
The News Corporation, with movie studio, publishing, television, newspaper and Internet holdings, is worth $67 billion, as its shares have risen nearly 50 percent off their lows in the last year.
Chubb said it expected to find a strong market among owners of expensive homes, especially after months of headlines about the devastating flooding from Hurricane Katrina along the Gulf Coast.
If the Gears technology proves effective, scores of software programs, including Yahoo Mail and Microsoft's Hotmail, might one day be used offline to read e-mail messages and to compose new ones.
AT&T said that consumer trials over the last six months had persuaded it to shift its strategy to a more eclectic and open approach.
California utility executives from Pacific Gas and Electric and Southern California Edison have warned that bankruptcy is imminent, possibly by Feb. 1, if something is not done to relieve the cash shortage that has led them to suspend dividends and lay off employees.
Yahoo now shows the highest bid first, a method that analysts say earned it only 60 percent as much on each search as Google's more sophisticated formula.
The thrust of this campaign has nothing to do with the merits of the charges against Visa, but with the false and irrelevant claim that American Express is somehow 'behind' the case.''
The British acquisition, however, would still leave Wal-Mart considerably short of a commanding position in the European market that would enable it to squeeze concessions out of suppliers.
In February, Procter announced it would set up a joint venture with the Coca-Cola Company that would sell Procter's Pringles chips and Sunny Delight drink.
Comcast added 549,100 new subscribers for its high-speed data service, and now has more than 6.5 million broadband customers.
In essence, the reconfiguration of Minute Maid mimics the model at Coca-Cola: Make a product that can be shipped worldwide, make people aware of your brand and drive demand for it through advertising.
US Government attorney David Boies attacks testimony of Microsoft Corp vice president Brad Chase on multiple fronts at antitrust trial, and at times Chase's explanations seem to cause even Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson to question his credibility; Chase tries to stress that Microsoft's decision to bundle Web browser with Windows operating system was not anticompetitive because alternative browsers are easily available (M)
He found the two monitors to be about equal, with the Apple better at some tasks and the Sony better at others.
The shutdown came after an online magazine, SecurityFocus.com, alerted Verizon of a security breach that made it possible to use the site to get access to customers' unlisted telephone numbers.
Shoppers are rejecting Gap Inc's clothing as too trendy one season, too safe the next, and generally less exciting than that offered by chains like H&M and Zara, which have pushed quick and cheap fashion knockoffs, or teenager-oriented retailers like Abercrombie & Fitch and American Eagle Outfitters, which strongly evoke lifestyle; Gap has largely written off strong showing this holiday season, cutting its forecast for full-year earnings after finding that number of shoppers walking into its stores has fallen by 8 percent; analysts are challenging company's chief executive Paul S Pressler, former Disney executive who took over Gap in 2002 with little retail experience; Gap has aggressively defended Pressler against criticism; commercial seen in New York theaters depicting remodeling of Gap store in Manhattan as tumultuous is seen as metaphor for retailer itself; graph; charts; photos (M)
EBay's revenue, which comes primarily from listing and transaction fees, was $1.032 billion, up 36 percent from a year ago.
Under pressure from the current Federal and state investigations, Microsoft has dropped restrictions it had placed on some Internet access suppliers and Web sites to promote Microsoft's Explorer browser and not the Navigator browser of its main rival, the Netscape Communications Corporation.
America Online executives say Microsoft is making illegal use of proprietary directory information that is essential to connect instant messenger users via the Internet.
It has been difficult to offset those problems in the developed world, in part because Motorola has fumbled the move from analog to digital wireless phone technology and the once-rapid growth of its domestic paging business has slowed.
Mr. Johnson and others said that AT&T's failure would not be a setback for Notes, which has been rapidly gaining users.
But that came last Monday when Crain's Chicago Business reported that Primeco wanted to cancel its contract and remove already-installed Motorola equipment.
They worried that Xerox competitors -- particularly Canon and Ricoh -- would fight back with price cuts, forcing Xerox's gross margins back down.
Prince has become increasingly frustrated with the seeming drumbeat of ethical and regulatory lapses at Citigroup.
Paul R. Hoeber, a San Francisco lawyer representing Mr. Kasky, said that in various responses to its critics, Nike had simply been ''making factual representations to consumers about its own practices to get them to buy its products.''
Even the torcetrapib program is controversial, though, because Pfizer has said that at least initially it plans to sell the drug only in combination with Lipitor, Pfizer's medicine that lowers so-called bad cholesterol.
In particular, Mr. Smith noted that the judge recognized the consumer benefits of convenience that result from Microsoft's practice of constantly adding new features to its dominant product.
Comcast shares fell $5.375 yesterday, to $64.75; Mediaone stock rose $7.75, to $68.50.
But even doing that, Microsoft contends, damages Windows' ability to run some on-line services like AT&T Worldnet and Prodigy.
Polo Ralph Lauren has told the association that it is O.K.
Asked yesterday about his company's growth prospects, a Verizon spokesman, Peter Thonis, said, ''We see long-term growth on the wireless side, and also a great opportunity to offer wireless services to our enterprise customers.''
Express Scripts plans to borrow heavily to complete the deal.
Shareholders of AMR Corp, parent company of American Airlines, rejects at annual meeting two proposals aimed at setting controls on executive pay; Allied Pilots Association had sponsored resolution to give stockholders advisory vote on executive compensation each year; votes representing about 59 percent of AMR's shares go against proposal; second resolution that is defeated would have required that 75 percent of stock options or restricted stock awards given to executives be based on performance; third proposal, to change way votes for directors are cast, is rejected; only stockholder-sponsored resolution to pass, with 54 percent in favor, concerns special shareholder meeting; photo (M)
Bank of America will control 12 of the 19 seats on the new board.
also upheld a $550,000 fine leveled at CBS for the Janet Jackson breast-baring incident during the halftime show at the 2004 Super Bowl.
Wisconsin has found that 4,700 Wal-Mart employees rely on state-sponsored health insurance, the most of any company in the state.
Howard Rubel, an aerospace analyst for Jefferies & Company, said Boeing ''misjudged the scope of the airborne project and now they will fix it.''
More information is at www.ibm.com.
''That money's going to go away and Apple's going to have to pick up the slack,'' he said.
In its brief last week, Microsoft denounced the idea of a breakup and said that ''cross-pollination between engineers working on different products such as Windows and Office has led to numerous innovations.''
Another drug, Johnson & Johnson's Remicade, shows signs of being more effective than either Xanelim or Amevive, though it is in an earlier phase of testing, doctors said.
Intel shares closed at $61.48, down $1.58, in Nasdaq trading.
The unit accounted for less than 8 percent of Pfizer's $52 billion in sales last year, and about 4 percent of operating profit.
Matthew J. Dodds, who follows the industry for Smith Barney, recently cut his price target for Boston Scientific to $31 from $33, based on that risk.
Dataquest, market research firm, says that Microsoft Office has 93 percent of world market for collections of business software known as suites; Lotus Smartsuite has 4 percent of market, and Corel Wordperfect Suite has 3 percent; part of states' lawsuit dealing with Office accuses Microsoft of using predatory pricing strategies to gain dominance in market for office suites; graph (M)
Amazon Considering Downloads
Microsoft officials were surprised and upset by the decision to close the record today.
Coca-Cola's chief executive, E. Neville Isdell, clearly frustrated that his industry has been singled out in the obesity debate, insisted at a recent conference that his diet products should be included in the health and wellness category because, with few or no calories, they are a logical answer to expanding waistlines.
Profits at Apple Computer Are Down 65% in Quarter
Questions about role of Internet in current economic slowdown are brought to fore by unexpected plunge in orders and revenue at Cisco Systems Corp and the surprise of other manufacturing companies at abrupt drop in orders and runup in inventories; Internet allows managers to monitor every link of supply chain that feeds their manufacturing processes and to change direction with unprecedented nimbleness, but this may have encouraged a complacency that prevented faster adjustment to unforeseen forces; another factor is that Cisco and many companies farm out actual production to contract manufacturers and may have lost touch with overall market environment; photos; graph (M)
Morgan Stanley said in a filing yesterday that Joseph R. Perella and Tarek F. Abdel-Meguid, two senior executives who resigned last month, would have to forgo bonus payments of $6.4 million each if they joined the eight dissident executives opposed to Philip J. Purcell this year.
News Corp. Agrees to Buy Two Publishers From Hearst
The Sherwin-Williams Paint Stores Group in Cleveland said yesterday that it had named Wyse Advertising in Cleveland to handle the creative portion of its account, which had been handled since 1995 by J. Walter Thompson Detroit.
The government asserts, however, that the proposed split falls across a clear divisional line at Microsoft.
and FedEx argued that selling its shares did not deprive Deutsche Post of decisive influence over the airline.
Even if Cigna improves the current performance of its property and casualty businesses, it still faces losses from claims for corporate liability policies written years ago.
The bill is then paid automatically from the bank in the tax-haven country, leaving no record of income or spending except for the transaction reports from the networks that MasterCard, Visa and American Express operate.
In an interview, a Merck spokeswoman said the company did not perform a follow-up trial, in part, because it did not know how many patients would be needed to run such a trial or what comparative drug should be used.
Yesterday, it looked as if Comcast's patience could pay off.
Bell, Boeing's chief financial officer, said insurance would not cover the $615 million government penalty, nor was any other type of recovery possible.
J. P. Morgan and Citigroup were both among Enron's biggest lenders, and both helped structure, and invested in, some of the off-balance-sheet partnerships that critics say helped the company disguise its financial condition.
A Move to Bypass Appeals Court in the Microsoft Case
Comcast stock fell 8 percent.
Shares of the International Business Machines Corporation, which hopes to sharpen its own focus by shedding its network, rose $1, to $168.1875.
The Bridgestone/Firestone tire defect now blamed for 88 deaths, mainly in Ford Explorers, eluded detection for so long because it occurred infrequently, even though it proved deadlier than many problems that occur more often in vehicles, Ford Motor and Congressional investigators said today.
But the five-building campus, Mr. Ballmer declared, ''underscores Microsoft's ongoing commitment to its employees, partners and customers in the valley.''
American Family Voices, small, secretive group that used television advertisements to attack George W Bush during his campaign for president, re-emerges to point links between oil companies with questionable accounting practices and Bush administration; group has paid for 30-second commercial on cable news programs in New York that calls Bush 'sly like a fox' for talking down his dealings with Harken Energy, oil company on whose board he once sat; Bush sold stock in Harken twelve years ago just before it reported $23.2 million loss, and he reported sale to Securities and Exchange Commission eight months late; commercial also criticizes Vice Pres Dick Cheney for his ties to Halliburton, oil services company that SEC is investigating; commercial suggests that SEC chairman Harvey L Pitt is unfit for job because he was once lawyer for several accounting firms, including Arthur Andersen; group's president Michael Lux declines to say who donated money for television time, but group and its ad agency Glover Park Group have significant links to Clinton administration; Lux was aide to Clinton, and partners at Glover Park include Joe Lockhart, who was once Clinton's press secretary, and Carter Eskew and Michael Feldman, who advisers to Al Gore's unsuccessful campaign for president in 2000; Democratic National Committee spokeswoman Jennifer Palmieri says committee has nothing to do with commercial; adds James Carville, once top campaigner for Clinton, is involved with American Family Voices (M)
That campaign reflects the difference in how men and women think of sport, Nike marketing executives say.
Both Blockbuster and Netflix plan to grow rapidly.
His return raised speculation that Fiat would sell 80 percent of its car unit to General Motors.
Microsoft's move comes as it is looking to jazz up its MSN portal, one part of its accelerating competition with Google, Yahoo and AOL.
Microsoft, meanwhile, hopes that its stake in AT&T Comcast gives it an inside track to supply the combination with software for more advanced set-top boxes that the cable industry is expected to roll out over the next several years, as television increasingly becomes digital.
General Motors has raised doubts in its talks with Renault of France and Nissan Motor of Japan that a three-way alliance would yield the benefits that Renault and Nissan insist would result from such an agreement, a senior executive at Renault said tonight.
Interpublic is the world's No.3 agency company in revenue, behind the Omnicom Group and the WPP Group, and owns agencies like Campbell-Ewald, Deutsch, Foote Cone & Belding, Draft, Initiative and WeberShandwick.
Until the day he stepped down from Citigroup this spring, a tiny umbrella pin was almost a permanent fixture on his lapel.
In a telephone interview today, Hector Ruiz, the president of Motorola's semiconductor products group, said that his company and the International Business Machines Corporation would continue to build Power PC chips as long as Apple and the Macintosh clone makers continued to buy them.
Merck stock plunged 27 percent yesterday on the news, reducing the company's stock market value by $25 billion and helping pull the Dow Jones industrial average down by 0.6 percent for the day.
To do this, I.B.M.
Microsoft's Tablet PC software is the Windows XP Pro operating system with the tablet features added.
According to Moody's, there were $769.6 billion in commercial mortgage-backed securities at the end of last year, representing 26.1 percent of all outstanding commercial mortgages, including apartment buildings.
Huawei Technologies, Chinese communications equipment maker, lifts domestic sales by a third in first half of year, and Chinese leaders are confident that company will be able to make strong inroads into markets abroad; Huawei's rapid expansion causes anxiety abroad and accusations, such as Cisco Systems' charge that Huawei stole its computer coding for data routing equipment and accusations that company had deals with Iraq and close ties to Chinese military; becoming global force will present Huawei with some tough challenges, including retaining its talented, but low-cost engineering force and preparing for eventual retirement of its founder, Ren Zhengfei; photos (M)
The four known quantities opposite ''Studio 60'' are ''Grey's Anatomy,'' the hit hospital drama that ABC, in a surprise switch, moved from Sunday; the perennial time-slot winner ''CSI'' on CBS; and two series that appeal to younger viewers, ''The O.C.''
''This isn't a Web browser, this is someone who can speak to you,'' said Geoffrey Frost, the vice president for consumer communications at Motorola, which is based in Schaumburg, Ill.
Of course, more than anything else Kohl's is benefiting from a reservoir of good will and loyalty it has built up among consumers.
On April 3, Judge Jackson found Microsoft in wide violation of federal and state antitrust laws.
So did Mark Herskovitz, manager of the $2 billion Dreyfus Premier Technology Growth fund, who sold all of his Cisco shares last year.
Microsoft Corp wins back support from money managers in second quarter; renewed popularity helped propel stock to 33.5 percent gain from April to June, and came even as biggest money management firms continued to trim their overall holdings in technology sector; Microsoft claimed title as top holding of Fidelity Investments, nation's largest manager of mutual funds (M)
''We have long said we'd be interested in building a fab in China,'' said Chuck Mulloy, an Intel spokesman.
Amazon spent $108 million on distribution and fulfillment of orders; that represented 16 percent of sales, up from 10 percent of sales a year earlier.
Moreover, eBay, which had focused on used and unusual items, is moving in on Amazon's turf, offering new mainstream goods, often with fixed prices rather than through auctions.
The Advertising column in Business Day on Friday, about a campaign for Oracle software, misstated the affiliation of Dave Tutin at the agency handling the account.
Though it is not as fast as two, that chip can work on more than one thread, resulting in speed increases of as much as 30 percent, Intel said.
Comcast's acquisition of AT&T Broadband forces AOL Time Warner to defer, but not abandon, its objective of becoming the dominant cable force; analysts says AOL Time Warner might be better off for not having bought AT&T's cable unit, now AT&T Comcast, because of huge challenge of integrating it into its own cable operations, but they also expect company to look to buy other cable companies in order to keep up with rapid consolidation in industry; photo (M)
In general, though, the introduction was somewhat anticlimactic since Oracle had previously outlined many features of the products and customers had extensively tested parts of the software for months.
Verizon is appealing the case, which will determine whether copyright holders can use a shortcut subpoena process to gain access to personal information about Internet subscribers they suspect of illegally copying material online.
But other senior government officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said they thought there was still no more than a 50-50 chance that Boeing would meet its new scaled-back goal for launching the first of the new generation of satellites in 2006.
American Express survey finds average domestic one-way air fare paid during first quarter of 2005 was $202, which is 13 percent lower than $234 average in period last year; average international fare on 160 monitored routes rose 4 percent in first quarter; hotel managers surveyed by Business Travel Executive magazine say business travelers overwhelmingly want high-speed Internet access--and do not want to be charged extra for it; United Airlines introduces new 70-seat Bombardier CRJ-700 and Embraer-170 regional jets, which offer United First and Economy Plus seating, to six markets flown by its United Express subsidiary; Singapore Airlines adds third daily flight between Singapore and Beijing; Continental Airlines begins daily nonstop flights between Newark and Beijing; British Airways begins five-day-a-week service between London and Shanghai; Boeing says Asia-Pacific region, dominated by China, will account for 36 percent of 25,700 new aircraft, worth $2.1 trillion, that it projects will be ordered in next 20 years; Air Canada is installing new Thales in-flight entertainment systems offering on-demand video and audio on its entire fleet of 241 planes (Memo Pad column) (M)
A spokesman for Johnson & Johnson, Jeffrey J. Leebaw, declined to comment on a possible purchase last night, but Johnson & Johnson was expected to hold an investor conference before the opening bell of the New York Stock Exchange.
Ralph Lauren Buying Casual Clothing Retailer
If Verizon raises its offer soon, it gives MCI shareholders time to ask for even yet more money.
And, because of strict European zoning laws, he said, ''if Wal-Mart wants to expand elsewhere in Europe, it's going to have to do so through acquisitions.''
But if admitting the error of one's ways makes one less likely to repeat the error, there was little evidence that Mr. Gates, Microsoft's chairman and co-founder, was prepared to take responsibility for his company's misdeeds.
Executives at both companies declined to disclose the value of the licensing fees and other payments Intel would make to Digital.
In the course of a hearing that lasted almost five hours, Mr. Gates refused to accept the suggestion posed by the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, Orrin G. Hatch, that Microsoft's domination in the market for computer operating systems constitutes a monopoly.
But the company was upbeat about the outlook for the second half of the year, in contrast to a gloomier picture offered by the Ford Motor Company, which reported lower earnings on Wednesday.
Suppose you're finishing a brochure on your Mac, and you need a phone number from your company's Microsoft Access database.
He said Wal-Mart would not lose money on the program because urban stores were expected to attract more shoppers -- and profits -- than suburban and rural outlets.
Lippincott & Margulies in New York, a corporate identity consulting company owned by Marsh & McLennan, has hired three executives from a sibling, Mercer Management Consulting in Boston, and changed its name to Lippincott Mercer.
EBay, he said, is forced to cut into its own business because its merchants now have more alternative ways to market their goods.
SERONO AND PFIZER TEAM UP TO MARKET NEW DRUG
Under license from Amgen, Johnson & Johnson sells Procrit in the United States and Eprex abroad, with combined sales last year of $3.2 billion.
The two larger search services -- Yahoo and Excite -- have talked to Netscape, too, but are said to be less interested.
Sorting out these matters, Microsoft says, will involve poring over the voluminous written record of the lengthy trial - precisely the kind of winnowing usually left to an appeals court.
Kiplinger Tax Cut, published by unit of H & R Block Inc, raises its share of market for tax-preparation software to 28.2 percent after aggressive price-cutting; industry leader, Intuit Inc, sees its share of units sold at retail fall to 71.6 percent from 89.3 percent (S)
Since dark colors can bring ceilings down, I started with Kilz2 Latex, a warm-white primer ($13.98 a gallon at Home Depot).
Oracle, based in Redwood Shores, Calif., reported its earnings after the close of markets.
I.B.M.
The record company, which along with Ms. Antin revamped the act as an R&B-influenced pop group and released its first CD last year, has struck a deal with Hasbro, the toy maker, to create a line of fashion dolls modeled on its six members.
While Mr. Immelt is inheriting an extraordinarily well-managed company in General Electric, he faces extraordinary expectations from analysts and investors.
The remaining 80 percent will belong to Motorola and its shareholders.
The agreement stems from a civil lawsuit filed in September by Eliot Spitzer, the New York state attorney general, seeking the return of spinning gains from shares directed by Citigroup to Mr. Anschutz; Bernard J. Ebbers, the former chief executive of WorldCom; Joseph P. Nacchio, the former chief executive of Qwest; Clark E. McLeod, the former chief executive of McLeod USA; and Stephen A. Garofalo, the chairman of Metromedia Fiber Network.
has also ruled that "800" customers have a 90-day window, beginning on Saturday, in which they are free to break their contracts with A.T.& T. and not suffer penalties.
The aircraft engine division of General Electric has agreed to buy a division of the Belgian film and X-ray equipment maker Agfa-Gevaert for 400 million euros ($426.8 million), the companies said.
A.T.& T. must pay certain fees to debenture holders for the right to redeem the bonds before their scheduled maturity.
Molson, a former owner of the Montreal Canadiens hockey team and an heir of one of Canada's oldest and most prominent business families, died on Saturday in Montreal.
Technology Briefing
Citigroup, the parent of his employer, is contending that Mr. Grubman's unrelenting enthusiasm for WorldCom securities had no impact and therefore investors were not harmed when they relied on his reports.
If successful in its bid for Newport News, Northrop Grumman would have a monopoly on aircraft carriers, amphibious ships and large-deck amphibious ships, which are almost as large as aircraft carriers.
Union leaders were furious at both the news itself and the five minutes' advance notice that Boeing gave them and the area's elected officials before the announcement.
Many state legislatures have looked to Maryland as a test case, as they face fast-rising Medicaid costs, and Wal-Mart's critics say that too many of its employees have been forced to turn to Medicaid.
Executives close to Motorola say the company has been stunned by the demands that Steven P. Jobs, Apple's temporary chief executive, has been making.
Mr. Dowdie says that Campbell's Soup has been searching for decades for the aspartame or sucralose of salt -- an ingredient that is not the real thing, but tastes very much like it.
But a start-up company, Dittie L.L.C., plans to give the packaging and advertising of its eponymous line of tampons, pads and liners a little of the stylishness surrounding cosmetics, hoping that attitude and guerrilla marketing tactics can carve out a profitable share of a market dominated by the likes of Kimberly-Clark and the Procter & Gamble Company.
to sell Hughes to its satellite rival EchoStar Communications as anticompetitive, leaving Mr. Murdoch, the chairman of the News Corporation, and Mr. Malone, the chairman of the investment company Liberty Media, as the two remaining contenders for the business, and they are currently bidding as partners.
Watchdog Group Is Suing Cheney And Halliburton
The merger also nearly doubles the number of stores in the Polo Ralph Lauren stable.
But Greg Shaw, a company spokesman, said that ''as Microsoft is figuring in the news and in public discussion, we thought it was a good time for our founder to get out and tell people what the company is about.''
Coca-Cola generally favors a wholesome approach to peddle its beverage brands.
Despite its woes, there are a few bright spots for Nike.
The suit contends that Yahoo HK, a wholly owned Yahoo subsidiary based in Hong Kong, provided police with information linking Mr. Wang to the postings.
TWO technology giants, I.B.M.
Instead, the assistant sent it to 12,000 members of the executive's division, a spokeswoman for Cisco said.
General Motors Corp launches one of largest advertising campaigns ever in auto industry, $135 million effort to promote complete redesign of company's best-selling vehicle, full-sized Chevrolet Silverado pickup truck; campaign is being orchestrated by Campbell-Ewald (Advertising column) (M)
Starbucks will equip its Seattle headquarters with Compaq computers, servers and storage systems, and make Compaq's hand-held computer, the iPaq, available for Starbucks customers to try the new high-speed wireless network in coffeehouses.
Prince has also helped the company tighten its controls against money laundering, Mr. Weill said, and has been involved in settling a lawsuit filed by the Federal Trade Commission against Associates First Capital, a consumer lending business that Citigroup acquired two years ago.
In his statement today, Mr. Monti said that in addition to the ''powerful combine'' created by pooling G.E, and Honeywell products, ''one must also add G.E.
Some people have wondered whether these programs, which offer credits for new-car purchases, will steal business from A.T.& T., but to date, Mr. Kahn said, A.T.& T. has lost only $15 million of its $6 billion in outstanding balances to the G.M.
The Portuguese cable system, TV Cabo Portugal, a unit of PT Multimedia, will provide the first commercial application for the Microsoft interactive software.
''In a nutshell, Yahoo has fallen victim to its own success,'' Safa Rashtchy, a Piper Jaffray analyst, said Tuesday before the reorganization was announced.
Boeing's hiring of W James McNerney Jr as chief executive raises investor hopes that company can wring bigger and more consistent profits from its operations and leaves 3M scrambling after McNerney's abrupt departure; Boeing's shares rise 7 percent, and 3M's fall 4.9 percent; McNerney photo (M)
A Microsoft executive said today that the company had been working with the group to bring its software into compliance with the group's Self-Regulatory Guidelines for Children's Advertising.
Cellphone companies, especially Sprint and Verizon Wireless, have been aggressively promoting mobile video services, which cost an average of $10.70 a month for access to sports, news and weather clips.
And Merck is no longer Wall Street's darling.
In fact, the eggs for all the Starbucks breakfast sandwiches served in the United States are cooked at just two locations, stuffed into sandwiches, and kept frozen for up to two days before being reheated in the speed oven.
Intel officials said the price cuts reflected increased efficiencies in manufacturing processes.
Not long after the lawsuit was filed against Marsh, both Aon and Marsh said they were suspending their practices of taking contingency commissions or incentive payments.
''One of the expected outcomes of General Motors taking control and reinvesting would be that South Africa would be more fully integrated into the global General Motors strategy and sourcing plans,'' said Nico Vermeulen, director of the automakers' association.
Verizon, which already owns 13.4 percent of MCI, appeared confident that that would be unnecessary because it had enough support for its deal.
Nearly all of them bought their access from their local telephone company or cable company, not America Online or Microsoft's MSN, the two leading dial-up providers.
Legal showdown begins that could determine whether some of biotechnology industry's most lucrative drugs will be vulnerable to lower-priced competition; on one side is Transkaryotic Therapies Inc, tiny company with technology that could allow it to circumvent patents on drugs produced by genetic engineering; in partnership with Aventis, big European drug company, Transkaryotic wants to sell its own version of Amgen Inc's Epogen, used to prevent anemia during dialysis; Epogen is biotechnology industry's best-selling drug, with worldwide sales of about $4 billion; Amgen has filed patent infringement lawsuit to protect its product; trial in US District Court in Boston, Mass, comes at time of growing controversy over biotechnology patents; issues in this case are different from recent furor over whether human genome data should be patented; case could touch on just how far patents can extend to cover substance found in nature; graph; chart; photo (M)
American technology companies, including Cisco Systems, GE, IBM, Intel, Motorola and Texas Instruments, are generating significant number of patents through their engineering units in India; outsourcing of research-and-development operations is relatively new and growing trend, driven by companies' need to generate quick breakthroughs and develop products while curbing costs; thousands of engineers in disciplines as diverse as textile engineering and aeronautics graduate each year from India's engineering schools, and top-notch graduates can be hired at salaries beginning at $10,000 a year, even as their peers in US earn six times that amount or more; photo (M)
In the past, Norton suites have taken knocks for hogging system resources and slowing the computer, but Symantec says it has reworked the code for Norton 360.
Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation agrees to make $1 billion investment in Singapore Telecommunications, enabling it to sweeten offer for Hong Kong's dominant telephone company, Cable & Wireless HKT Ltd (M)
The French call window-shopping ''lèche-vitrines'' (literally, ''window licking''), something that passers-by might be tempted to try with the latest displays at Tiffany's.
That means, in essence, that Disney's stock is more expensive than Comcast's, so an all-stock deal would dilute investors' earnings from Comcast's stock.
On a consolidated basis, including both continuing and discontinued businesses, AT&T said that its net income climbed to $1.4 billion, or 85 cents a share, from $1.2 billion, or 76 cents a share.
Today, Microsoft touched a 52-week low of $58.25 in intraday trading, and closed at $59.13, down $1.19.
Boeing has said that it will continue to produce McDonnell's three-engine MD-11 jet, marketing it mostly as a cargo plane, and the new 100-seat MD-95 regional jet, which it recently renamed the Boeing 717.
When Netscape refused to abandon the development of browsing software for 32-bit versions of Windows, Microsoft's strategy for protecting the applications barrier became one of expanding Internet Explorer's share of browser usage -- and simultaneously depressing Navigator's share -- to an extent sufficient to demonstrate to developers that Navigator would never emerge as the standard software employed to browse the Web.
Netflix has sued Blockbuster, accusing it of patent infringement, and Blockbuster has countersued Netflix, alleging antitrust violations.
With Boeing straining to meet demand for its jets, it has advertised in the New York area for workers to move to Seattle, where Boeing is based.
This is one of the success stories to emerge since last October, when St. Clair County and Verizon Wireless introduced the first enhanced 911 system for wireless phones.
2 toy maker; Mattel's chief executive Jill E Barad comments; photo (M)
Aetna, which had sold its property and casualty business and is looking for a buyer for its individual life insurance unit, became one of the nation's biggest health insurers with the purchase in 1996 of U.S. Healthcare for $8.2 billion.
One of the issues in the court case is the type of bookkeeping that Pfizer would use to account for its proposed merger.
The I.B.M.
Microsoft and its employees donated $4.66 million last year to federal political candidates or parties, more than two-thirds of it to Republicans, according to an analysis by the Center for Responsive Politics.
QueRico.com, Chicago, a Web site that offers ethnic products to Spanish-speaking consumers that is a division of EthnicGrocer.com, to HispanAmerica, New York, part of the Rapp Collins Worldwide division of the Omnicom Group, to handle its online and offline account; offline duties had been at the San Jose Group, Chicago.
The Gap's miss on sales is more remarkable because it comes after a series of highly atypical stumbles.
Americans are still rushing to get Viagra, Pfizer's new impotence pill, but the market has already begun to change, according to I.M.S. Health, a health care information company.
I.B.M.
''The office equipment market doesn't seem to be getting a big share of the recovery in capital spending,'' said Jack L. Kelly, an analyst with Goldman Sachs who is neutral on Xerox shares.
Microsoft, in its plea to have a federal appellate court hear its appeal before the case goes to the Supreme Court, argued that the intermediate step was necessary, in part, because of the ''complexity of the technologies at issue.''
News Corporation's broadcast and cable news networks, Fox and Fox News Channel, decide not to accept any advertisements or program sponsorships for their coverage of one-year anniversary of Sept 11 terrorist attacks in New York and Washington; many advertisers fear their sunny, everyday, 30-second spots will seem crass in contrast to somber coverage (S)
The critics said that Oracle was suffering more from competitive pressures than it admits, and is feeling the impact of several management departures.
Ford Motor Co reports fourth-quarter earnings rose to $1.2 billion, up from $660 million in 1995 period; reports 1996 earnings rose to $4.45 billion, up from $4.14 billion in 1995; table (M)p
Several lawyers speculated that word of the Aetna talks had been leaked to try to influence Judge Moreno.
Elf's deal is with Gulf Oil Ltd., a subsidiary of the Chevron Corporation, and Murco Petroleum Ltd., a unit of the Murphy Oil Corporation.
Doing deals ''is a core competency of Citigroup,'' said Marjorie Magner, chief operating officer of Citigroup's consumer business, though she did not identify any specific targets.
Bank of America, whose emerging market business is in fixed income, is one of the latest to retrench.
As regulators press forward in their investigation of whether American International Group used transactions to improperly dress up its financial position, its directors will meet today on a number of important issues confronting the company.
Entering a new phase in its three-year-old effort to adapt to the growing role of the Internet in business computing, the International Business Machines Corporation said yesterday that its new computers from large mainframes down to personal computer-sized servers would all be marketed under a single family name -- eServer.
After such a review, the Interpublic Group of Companies announced a modest earnings restatement yesterday.
Entertainment Tonight is produced by Paramount Television, another division of CBS.
And Mr. Roberts, son of the Comcast founder, Ralph Roberts, will become chief executive of the new AT&T Comcast.
Though helped by the appeals court ruling, Microsoft is unlikely to get the case dismissed, antitrust experts say.
Aldi, with 4,100 stores in Germany, undercuts Wal-Mart on price, while still offering high-quality food.
A Pfizer spokeswoman stressed that the drug was safe when used correctly.
Over the objections of doctors groups and consumer advocates, the Federal Government today approved the $1 billion acquisition of Prudential Health Care by Aetna Inc., which will create the nation's biggest managed care company.
''Nike is the only company with double-digit market share,'' he said.
Like Priceline, Hotwire will sell so-called distressed inventory, seats that would otherwise go empty and that are not published on industry-wide sites like Travelocity.com and Expedia.com.
After Mr. Murdoch's remarks were transmitted by Bloomberg News, and the News Corporation's share price dropped, a spokesman for the company issued a clarification.
Fay Landes, an analyst with Sanford C. Bernstein, who has been among Priceline's harshest critics, said the news emphasized the flaws in the company's business.
For years, even as evidence that the medicine might increase risk of heart attacks mounted, Merck disputed such findings.
Enter Microsoft.
Not that Airbus and Boeing should really lose any sleep.
The first of the technology bellwethers to release earnings results this week, Intel reported a profit of $936 million, or 14 cents a share, for the first quarter.
If Home Depot is the Macy's of home remodeling, Expo is trying to be its Saks Fifth Avenue, carrying top-of-the-line appliances, carpets, tiles and lighting.
Motorola says it will meet, or perhaps exceed, its forecast for second quarter (S)
AT&T would then sell all or a part of that stake to the public, while AOL Time Warner held its portion, making Time Warner Cable a separately traded subsidiary of AOL Time Warner.
Its largest bottler, Coca-Cola Enterprises in Atlanta, received just less than $1 billion last year, without which the publicly traded bottler would have finished the year in the red.
Citigroup's stock has taken a number of blows in recent months; it took a $4.95 billion charge to earnings last quarter and more recently was ordered to close its private bank in Japan.
Stocks fell then after Intel announced that sales would fall below expectations, and the government reported stronger- than-expected job growth in February, leading economists to doubt how aggressive the Fed would be in cutting rates.
Acknowledging its dismal public standing, Pfizer, the nation's largest drug company, held a news conference on Wednesday to announce an effort to provide discounted drugs to the working poor and anyone without health insurance.
AOL's recent increase in monthly fee, coupled with discontent among its subscribers, leads competing services such as Microsoft's MSN and EarthLink to expand their businesses by recruiting AOL defectors; photos (M)
Kodak became a household name 104 years ago after it introduced the Brownie, a dollar camera so simple that children could use it.
Well, think about what real people, in real diners, would say if they knew Verizon was trying to cut the very same employee health benefits it's bragging about.''
Prudential plans to focus more on its fixed-income business and is reducing its equity offerings despite the nearly 40 percent rise in the Nikkei 225 since late April.
Tina Terada-Santos and Jerry Santos have plenty of reasons to be glad to work at the Microsoft Corporation, chief among them that it was on their very first day of orientation -- Sept. 5, 2000 -- that they met, and fell in love.
ChevronTexaco acknowledges that the unit deposited residual wastes from oil drilling, but denies that it polluted the area and insists it followed all Ecuadorean environmental standards at the time.
''We think these strategies complement each other,'' Bank of America's chairman and chief executive, Kenneth D. Lewis, said in New York.
Some Apple critics have said the company's recent precipitous slide in revenue and market share can be traced, in part, to Apple's failure to have Copland ready in time to counter Microsoft's introduction of its Windows 95 software last year.
The Government says that Microsoft's Explorer browser and Windows are two separate products bolted together to stifle competition, while the company says they are a single product whose integration benefits consumers.
''It was my hope to establish a business whose activities would complement and benefit Citigroup,'' he wrote.
But with each passing day, Yahoo is getting more company.
Shares of Microsoft rose $1.99, to close regular trading at $69.86.
The newspapers that showed the greatest ability to buck the trend were those in competitive markets, like the Denver and Minneapolis areas, or those that command a national audience, like USA Today and The New York Times.
''What happens to Friendster when Yahoo turns this on?''
Far from restoring competition, disclosing the source code could make life even harder for free software developers, said Joaquim Jakobs, head of media relations at the Free Software Foundation, a grass-roots group that is supporting the European commission in its fight with Microsoft.
The Microsoft Corporation, known as a company that runs on E-mail, may be right when it says that it demands more from its internal data network than perhaps any other company in the nation.
The results were almost the opposite of what Amgen found when it conducted similar tests in animals.
Doubts that Aetna Inc. got its billion dollar's worth when it bought the Prudential health care business last year have sent Aetna shares tumbling more than 12 percent in the last two days.
In 1971, the first Intel microprocessor, the 4004 chip, held 2,300 transistors.
But News Corporation also faced resistance from the cable industry and was having a tough time finding support in Washington.
Scientists at I.B.M.
Mr. Ruiz said, for example, that Motorola was not planning a direct competitor to Merced, the PC chip family that Intel is designing with the Hewlett-Packard Company.
And to a greater extent than Motorola, it has used economies of scale to push down production and distribution costs.
On Friday, shares of Aon rose 54 cents, or 2.8 percent, to $19.80 on the New York Stock Exchange; they were trading at about $28 a share two weeks ago.
One of Comcast's talking points to investors has been that its cable operations have enjoyed higher profit margins than AT&T's have.
Now, after removing top Citigroup executives and bowing before the cameras in Japan, Mr.
Recently, several companies, including I.B.M., Sun Microsystems and Red Hat, have started trying to make money on that premise by selling software and technical support for Linux, the main competitor to Microsoft's Windows.
Inktomi's approach, caching, and Akamai's mainstay, content distribution, both seek to streamline things by taking the material on the original server and moving it closer to the user.
While Interpublic has said that the G.M.
Last week, a federal judge ruled that Microsoft was in violation of federal and state antitrust laws.
Mr. Gavil and other lawyers said they believed private suits against Microsoft would multiply.
In fact, Mattel is treading a fine line with its action figures.
Verizon Will Seek a Rate Increase for Local New York Calls
Home Depot's was only the last in a long line of similar warnings in recent weeks from former stock market stars like Lucent Technologies, Intel and Dell Computer.
And given Blockbuster's conservative approach to e-commerce -- a strategy that looks brilliant in hindsight -- Netflix might emerge from this particular scuffle unscathed.
and Microsoft to agencies owned by the Interpublic Group of Companies and the WPP Group cover assignments unrelated to producing television commercials, print advertisements or billboards.
FordDirect.com, a joint venture between the automaker and its dealers, acknowledged that its start had been slower than expected.
''Of all the famous names associated with CBS News, the biggest and brightest on the marquee are Murrow, Cronkite and Rather,'' Mr. McManus said in the statement, invoking Edward R. Murrow and Walter Cronkite, two other men who could lay claim to being the face of CBS News over the years.
What was jarring about the DuPont announcement was not that it happened, or that the company said the changes would improve profits.
Microsoft's legal team obtained an early manuscript of the new book last month, by issuing a subpoena to a Netscape executive who was given a confidential copy by the authors to review.
The acquisition of Warner-Lambert gave Pfizer the full marketing rights to Lipitor, which it then built into the world's best-selling drug, with $5.2 billion in sales in the United States last year.
Microsoft Plays Down A Sales Lift From Vista
Now, instead of getting access to those customers by buying AT&T Broadband outright, it must negotiate deals with AT&T Comcast, much as it does with every other cable company.
Shares of Microsoft jumped $3.69, to $61.84.
IVAN, which combines I.B.M.
''It's a fine technology,'' admitted Mr. Thompson of McDonald's.
Aon, the world's second largest insurance broker, delivered a triple helping of bad news yesterday, including a federal investigation of its accounting, which sent its shares plummeting 30 percent.
PNC Financial is a bank holding company, and Sunrise is based in Fort Mitchell, Ky.
HSBC will consolidate its worldwide marketing under WPP, dealing a blow to Interpublic.
Investors have been pressing Aetna to sell off units to generate immediate value for shareholders.
In this case, both were, but Tyco chose to use the value of what it gave up, even though the structure of the transaction -- with Verizon having the ability to choose a time opportune for it -- had made it all but certain that that figure was likely to be higher than the value Tyco received.
Instead of a token walkout like the two-day strike by Bell Atlantic's unions two years ago, Verizon has received a mounting public relations problem.
GENERAL MOTORS  March 2007 Sales: 345,668  Adjusted Change*: - 7.4  Market Share: 22.5
Humana Inc., one of the nation's largest managed-care companies, was accused in a Federal lawsuit yesterday of misleading health plan members by failing to disclose financial incentives to doctors and case reviewers intended to keep down costs by limiting or denying care.
The $146.8 million deal, which involves the extensive use of federal and state tax credits and other public funds, is the latest project by Historic Hospitality Investments, a company that began nine years ago as a way to offset Kimberly-Clark's corporate tax bill and has gradually evolved into an enterprise specializing in renovating landmark hotels.
I.B.M.
In July, the Pentagon punished Boeing for stealing trade secrets from Lockheed Martin, its rival, to help win rocket contracts.
But Merck officials point out that the study, which was submitted to the F.D.A.
Gap Inc's Banana Republic retail chain names Fabien Baron and his Baron & Baron agency to serve as lead creative resource for its advertising (S)
Investors were pleased, lifting shares of Merck $5.875, to $69.625.
No company, not even a longtime semiconductor giant like Texas Instruments, can expect to produce a home-run product in analog electronics.
General Electric reorganized its vast operations from 11 businesses into 6 yesterday, promoting three young executives to vice chairmen to run its three biggest operations in a move specifically aimed at keeping them from being hired away.
Those who bought shares in Wells Fargo in early May, when the rumors of its imminent takeover were rife, are facing losses today of around 6 percent.
Norfolk Southern is suing Conrail, which is based in Philadelphia, and CSX in district court in an attempt to block the merger and a hearing is scheduled for Nov. 12.
First, Aston Martin left the Ford Motor Company fold.
The changes in Wal-Mart's theft policy are described in 30 pages of documents that were provided to The New York Times by WakeUpWalMart.com, a group backed by unions that have tried to organize Wal-Mart workers in the United States.
To determine the importance of Microsoft's move, industry analysts agreed, it will be important to know the details of the more open approach planned by the company.
Citigroup plans to announce changes today in marketing and other practices at its consumer lending business.
For instance, just last week, Interpublic realigned its public relations agencies to form a shop, Weber Shandwick Worldwide, that will become the world's largest in revenue, at an estimated $320 million, overtaking the Burson-Marsteller unit of Young & Rubicam Inc., which is being acquired by the WPP Group.
Spain's Supreme Court ruled that Nike International, a unit of the Oregon-based sportswear company Nike Inc., cannot sell Nike apparel in Spain because a Spanish company, Cidesport, has rights to the Nike clothing trademark, registered in 1932, long before the American company was founded.
Those programs could pose a threat to drugstore chains like CVS, and conceivably to companies like Caremark, if enough consumers see little reason to make co-payments of $5 or more to buy drugs covered by pharmacy benefit managers.
Correction:  November 4, 2006, Saturday  An article in Business Day on Thursday about the post-retirement career of John F. Welch Jr., the former chief executive of General Electric, referred incorrectly to his first book, ''Straight From the Gut.''
Many of the comments were sympathetic to Mr. Curry and hostile to Morgan Stanley management.
Procter & Gamble said it planned to cut prices on tampons and feminine pads next week, after raising them just five months ago.
In the e-mail message, which Citigroup turned over to regulators investigating conflicts of interest at Wall Street firms, Mr. Grubman told a friend that he had temporarily raised his rating on AT&T's stock to accomplish two goals.
(Pepperidge Farm is also owned by Campbell.)
China, in move to quell criticism of its huge trade surplus with US, agrees to let Big Three automakers send it about 15,000 cars and trucks over next couple of years as well as more than $1 billion in parts from General Motors; also says it will allow GM to import cars directly, without using local partner, and GM says it is moving into auto lending business in China; photo (M)
Others who have left eBay recently include Lynn Reedy and Michael Dearing, both senior vice presidents.
Frontier, the nation's fifth-largest long-distance company, said it had lost the bulk of its business from Excel Communications, a company that buys long-distance capacity on Frontier's network and resells it to users.
According to the Senate report, Mr. Carpenter of Citigroup also called Moody's chief executive, John Rutherfurd, about Enron.
Royal Caribbean International and Celebrity Cruise Lines Inc. announced late yesterday that they had signed a definitive agreement to merge.
Citigroup plans to eliminate about 10,400 jobs, or about 6 percent of its work force, well beyond several thousand positions it suggested would be cut as recently as October; undisclosed but substantial number of jobs cuts will involve layoffs; Citigroup says 65 percent, or about 6,760, of the cuts will be overseas; about 3,640 positions will be in US; Citigroup employees in New York will not bear brunt of US cutbacks; chart (M)
Laurence Kirschbaum resigns as chairman and chief executive of Time Warner Book Group and will be succeeded by David Young, chairman and chief executive of publisher's British division; move surprises employees who have seen publisher rebound after being put up for sale just two years ago; Kirschbaum photo (M)
Ms. Kozloff noted that Wal-Mart ''is the company that gets this superpremium for being Steady Eddie.''
But at other universities, including some that competed for the same Intel grants, technology directors tended to side with Mr. Updegrove.
Dr. Murphy is one of two expert economists scheduled to testify for Microsoft at a hearing on how to restore competition and prevent the company from repeating its unlawful behavior.
Few people understand, for example, that Yahoo is fundamentally different from search sites like Hotbot, Alta Vista and Infoseek.
Kodak shares closed yesterday at $42.81, up 4 cents, much closer to their 52-week low of $35.31 than the high of $65.69.
Asked about the devices that treat the exhaust once it has left the engine, Christina M. Vujovich, Cummins's vice president for marketing and environmental policy, said: ''We didn't want to take on after-treatment just because it was sexy to do.
''Microsoft has taken away the ability to buy a license, use it and then have some residual value.''
In 1999, Microsoft invested $5 billion in cash in AT&T's cable arm, and as part of the agreement AT&T agreed to buy 2.5 million copies of Microsoft's version of Windows for interactive set-top systems, at $10 a copy.
This method, also known as the utility model, is an emerging trend in computer services, analysts say, and the American Express deal is the largest to date.
Delphi, a former division of General Motors, filed for bankruptcy nearly a year ago.
Sure, Pentax, Panasonic, Olympus, Casio and Minolta also offer that feature, but only the Kodak, Minolta, Samsung, HP and Olympus can change optical zoom and focus while filming.
Under the agreement, VeriSign, whose software keeps sensitive information safe when people buy and sell things on the Internet, will issue 2.15 shares of VeriSign common stock for each share of Network Solutions stock, as constituted before a 2-for-1 split of Network Solutions stock  on March 10.
A deal for either satellite giant would cost the News Corporation billions of dollars so the company is now trying to raise cash by selling what Wall Street refers to as ''noncore assets,'' including the Dodgers.
But Caldera officials see a market opportunity for DR-DOS in small hand-held devices, where their product competes with Microsoft's version of Windows for consumer-electronics products, called Windows CE.
As Ms. Couric, 49, prepares to shift to the anchor post of the ''CBS Evening News,'' she will be moving into a world that for several years has emphasized softer features, something that no doubt played in the minds of the CBS executives determined to recruit Ms. Couric.
The International Business Machines Corporation on Tuesday will announce a new generation of computer processors known as the Power4, challenging a competing chip being developed by the Intel Corporation and the Hewlett Packard Company.
Boeing is more manic, increasing production and hiring tens of thousands of workers in boom times, then laying them off when the downturn comes.
Wal-Mart would not say what it is paying Edelman, nor would it allow interviews with the war room staff.
Verizon's making the wrong choice.''
I.B.M.
Mattel Inc., the world's largest toy maker, announced yesterday that it planned to acquire the Learning Company in a $3.8 billion stock deal that would position the company as a leader in the high-growth market for software.
Well-known brands like Procter & Gamble Co's Olay, Old Navy and Swatch hope to add daylight saving time to lengthy list of unofficial, fanciful marketing holidays; goal is to take advantage of attention consumers pay to such days, even if slight, and transfer that interest to brands being peddled; photos (M)
Even though Verizon faces the threat of a strike this Sunday, the company is insisting in its high-wire labor talks that it wants to create an ambitious new partnership with its unions to survive and thrive in today's fiercely competitive telecommunications industry.
Steven P. Jobs, Apple's chief executive, jolted the record industry on Tuesday by calling on its largest companies to allow online music sales unfettered by antipiracy software.
This evening, Apple is opening a showcase store in Manhattan that will burnish the company's reputation for clever design.
Other analysts say Amgen will not be hurt too much if it loses the case because it has already filed with the Food and Drug Administration for approval to sell a second-generation version of Epogen that can be given less frequently.
Mr. Topacio, who worked for another computer company before I.B.M., also said that such violations were commonplace in the industry, where workers typically earn $40,000 to $60,000 annually.
The twin engines of Microsoft's personal computer software business -- the Windows operating system and Office productivity programs -- grew modestly, awaiting the introduction of major new versions of both products this quarter.
The biggest challenge for Verizon, though, is how to take control of all of Verizon Wireless.
The Goldman Sachs Group, one of the biggest and most profitable investment banks on Wall Street, appointed three senior executives to be vice chairmen yesterday and promoted other executives to assume their roles.
AT&T must decide whether to do so within the next 45 days.
They expect it to have about a 30 percent share of the fast-growing networked color printer market, well below the 70 percent that the Hewlett-Packard Company claims as its share, but a big step up from Xerox's 5 percent.
Boston Scientific has agreed to pay its former stent-making partner, Medinol, $750 million to end the bitter legal battles in this country and abroad that arose from the breakdown of their relationship.
Mr. Perez, for example, believed that the Nike brand had largely saturated the high-end market -- Nike controls 90 percent of the market for sneakers priced over $100 -- and should grow by introducing more exclusive lines to lower-end retailers.
Noting that the states' expert computer science witness, Prof. Andrew W. Appel of Princeton University, had spoken of four ways that Microsoft could remove programs from Windows without impairing its ability to function, Mr. Kuney asked Mr. Gates why one of those options would not work.
ChevronTexaco also says that the state oil company PetroEcuador was the lead investor in all Texaco Petroleum's operations in the area and insists that PetroEcuador has carried out environmentally unsound practices -- including poor spill prevention and inadequate maintenance -- for more than 10 years, since taking over operation of the fields.
But the longer-term objective here is that Apple stores are the place people are going to go to switch, to buy their first Mac.
Mr. Kirch owns 40 percent of Axel Springer, which publishes not only Bild but the respected national daily newspaper Die Welt and many smaller papers across Germany.
Mr. Fisher asserts that Microsoft commits predatory pricing by giving away its Internet Explorer browser.
''We are in the process of looking for a supplier for our next-generation backbone,'' said Gregg Atkins, a senior network engineer for Microsoft's internal information technology group, referring to Microsoft's core corporate network.
''On the surface this pact seems to limit Boeing's ability to achieve large productivity gains,'' Mr. Binder said.
Boston Scientific's attempt to crash Johnson & Johnson's merger party with Guidant caught Wall Street by surprise yesterday, but perhaps it should not have.
Rogue program called SQL Slammer affects servers running Microsoft software that had not been updated with patch--issued months ago--to fix vulnerability; worm hinders operations of hundreds of thousands of computers, slows Internet traffic and even disrupts thousands of ATM machines; some of Microsoft's internal servers are affected, and service to users of Microsoft Network is significantly slowed; disruption is particularly embarrassing for Microsoft, which has been preaching gospel of secure computing (M)
So far this year, by some measures, Boeing has won roughly 60 percent of new commercial aircraft orders and Airbus has won 35 percent, leaving McDonnell Douglas with about 5 percent of the new orders.
Aetna's health care enrollment shrank by 1.4 million, or 7.1 percent, to 18.1 million in the 12 months ended June 30, including reductions in unprofitable Medicare and Medicaid managed-care plans and withdrawals from H.M.O.
The move allows Apple to concentrate on its core computer business, Apple executives said, at a time when the company is bleeding money and its Macintosh line continues to lose marketshare to computers running Microsoft Windows.
Both Lilly and SmithKline soon sold their pharmacy benefit managers at substantial losses, but Merck has held on to Medco.
Goldman Sachs Group says earnings in its first quarter fell 32 percent, to $424 million, above analysts' expectations; investment banking revenue was $893 million, down 22 percent from quarter year earlier but up 12 percent from fourth quarter of 2001; Goldman's outlook for its business does not bode well for rest of steadily shrinking Wall Street (Market Place column) (M)
Xerox has promised analysts that it will return to profitability by the end of the year.
Interpublic also said that individual shareholders had filed four suits against directors, accusing them of breaching their fiduciary duties.
It is a war room inside the headquarters of Wal-Mart, the giant discount retailer that hopes to sell a new, improved image to reluctant consumers.
Attired in his trademark black turtleneck and blue jeans, Mr. Jobs made much of Apple's strong market share in commercial music downloads and portable music players.
Mr. Heymann said that Whirlpool's profit outlook was dim over the next few years and that the stock could fall to as low as $25 a share because companies like G.E.
Procter has also been reluctant to team up with retailers to develop private-label brands of detergent and other products that have been strategically essential for the retailers, Mr. Flickinger added.
Only in the fine print of the letter was it revealed that the customer was actually authorizing transfer of the domain to VeriSign.
For many years, senior executives at Monsanto, the industry's undisputed leader, believed that they faced enormous obstacles from environmental and consumer groups opposed to the new technology.
The AT&T service will have a relatively low introductory  price, and there have been industry reports that it might also charge a flat monthly fee for unlimited use -- a feature sought after by many consumers.
The European Commission told Microsoft in a statement in August that the software company was abusing the dominance it had with Windows.
The market leaders -- Office Depot Inc., Staples Inc. and Officemax -- have established multibillion-dollar businesses in the last decade with the superstore concept.
Patrick Comack, an analyst at Guzman & Company in Miami who recently lowered his ratings on the three companies, said that he expected Verizon and SBC to follow BellSouth in lowering earnings estimates for this year as they struggle with the anemic telecommunications market.
Pfizer's announcement that it will halt consumer advertising for the anti-inflammatory drug Celebrex but continue to sell it strains logic.
IDT's chairman, Howard S. Jonas, said the company had begun discussions with Global Crossing's executives and its creditors and that it was particularly interested in acquiring the Frontier Corporation, a long-distance business that Global Crossing bought in 1999 for $10.5 billion.
COMPANY NEWS
"We're getting calls from young couples who ask if there are going to be any  great deals on houses now that AT&T is cutting back," said one of her agents, Sue Pinzuti.
While Goldman's main problem last quarter was a big loss it took on the sale of stock for a corporate client, Morgan Stanley's biggest worry was holding on to its share of a smaller investment banking pie.
The company was searching for a partner to help it develop CDP870 after Pfizer purchased its former partner, Pharmacia, and tried to renegotiate the terms of an agreement.
Yahoo's acquisition of Overture would provide guaranteed distribution of its ads and a measure of financial stability.
While whispering comparisons to Wal-Mart's rivals -- Target, Gap and Bed, Bath & Beyond -- Wal-Mart buyers this week showed off a kaleidoscope of new offerings at a temporary showroom near the company's headquarters, from polo shirts to plasma television sets to gourmet roast beef.
*Agree not to threaten to withhold a license for Windows from a computer maker featuring products by a Microsoft competitor.
Raytheon announced just this month that it was acquiring the military businesses of Texas Instruments for $3 billion, and Boeing agreed in December to acquire the McDonnell Douglas Corporation for $14 billion as part of this frenzy of deals.
Securities and Exchange Commission accuses former Citigroup executives Thomas W Jones and Lewis E Daidone of securities fraud, contending that they shortchanged mutual fund investors by denying them certain discounts; sues executives over Citigroup's creation of transfer agent to serve its Smith Barney family of mutual funds at steeply discounted rates; Citigroup reaped $128 million in profits over five years rather than pass discounts to funds' shareholders; photo (M)
In September, Time Warner Cable is planning to introduce a new set-top box in New York City that will include a TiVo-like recorder fully integrated into the overall cable system.
Specific serial numbers of the affected machines are available on the General Electric Web site at www.geappliancerecall.com or from (800) 599-2929.
''Our position isn't that we oppose unionization,'' said Eric Rabe, the vice president for media relations at Verizon.
There was also a shuffling of management at McCann Europe, one of the Interpublic subsidiaries affected.
In addition, because its business is based on intellectual property, Microsoft's most important assets are its people, who may leave the company in droves if draconian structural relief is imposed.
Costco still has a way to go to match the fine wine stores, which have staffs handy to answer questions.
Dan Gervais, director of research and development for a start-up company called RealLegends.com, said that Microsoft's ''deep pockets'' would keep it in its dominant position for several years, regardless of the outcome of the Microsoft trial.
Microsoft, by contrast, maintains tight control over Internet Explorer and relies on its own programmers to fix problems.
Those negotiations went nowhere, and in 1997 Intel began responding to Intergraph's requests by withholding technical specifications and samples of new chips that were crucial for Intergraph to design updated versions of its work stations.
As a result, Mr. Kile said, Merck's conduct met the legal standard for imposing punitive damages.
The McDonald's Corporation said yesterday that its first-quarter earnings would fall more than expected because of slumping sales in Europe, where consumers scared of mad cow disease are buying fewer hamburgers.
Sony Corp's decision to ship only 500,000 PlayStation 2 units to US instead of 1 million because of computer chip production problems may work to Sony's advantage, whetting buyers' appetites; Web chat rooms have suggested Sony's sharply curtailed shipment plans are pure marketing, aimed at creating feverish demand, but Sony Computer Entertainment denies that; revised shipping schedule raises questions about whether Sony can keep its promise to introduce device in Europe in November, and longer term, whether it can rev up production enough to keep customers from deciding to wait and see what alternatives Microsoft Corp and Nintendo have to offer next year; photo (M)
At that meeting, the board could determine an initial response to Comcast's offer, people close to the company said.
Enron financed Sundance with more than $200 million in cash and contributed the pulp and paper assets, while Citigroup invested $28.5 million and committed to finance up to $160 million more.
Neither I.B.M.
That's one of the more muted promises behind I.B.M.
But Mr. Molloy said that Intel's problems with the Chinese standard were ''philosophical'' as well.
Federal and many state officials said today they were confident that the divestitures by Exxon and Mobil would continue to preserve competition in the oil industry, although the deal will make it harder for BP Amoco and ARCO to obtain permission for their merger.
Sun's antitrust lawsuit, which also seeks at least $1 billion in damages, is one of several currently before Judge Motz that have been filed in the wake of Microsoft's long-running antitrust battle with the federal government and a coalition of state attorneys general.
Analysts say that the value of a videophone increases with distance, and MCI and A.T.& T. are both planning accordingly.
He said that while Amazon had $650 million in cash, his company would not need to raise additional cash unless for ''strategic reasons.''
Adjusting for a 3-cent-a-share gain last year on the sale of the I.B.M.
Microsoft Waits for Bush's Position on Its Antitrust Case
The change is expected to affect discounts and rebates received by middlemen like Express Scripts and Caremark, and possibly reduce their profits.
Separately, Amazon.com also bought Planet All, which operates a vast Internet address service that allows people to stay in touch with their friends and associates.
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Interpublic said that former shareholders of True North Communications, which Interpublic acquired last year, have filed two lawsuits accusing the agency company of misleading them as it issued more than 67.6 million shares of common stock to close the True North acquisition.
National Amusements is a private company that owns a chain of movie theaters in addition to its controlling stakes in Viacom and CBS.
Mr. Arnell, in an interview on Friday to discuss details of the deal, said he did not believe he would be considered mercurial or flighty for selling so quickly to Omnicom so soon after buying back the stake from Interpublic.
Citigroup shares fall 10 percent as Prudential Financial analyst Michael L Mayo downgrades stock on growing concerns about bank's potential losses in Latin America and its liabilities related to Enron Corp and WorldCom Inc; Mayo releases report estimating legal and regulatory liabilities of $10 billion for Citigroup as result of its business with WorldCom and Enron along with other corporate scandals; House committee investigating ties between executives at Citigroup and WorldCom release more documents after disclosures last week that Salomon Smith Barney, unit of Citigroup, allocated big portions of initial stock offerings to WorldCom's top executives; newest documents include e-mail message forwarded by Salomon's former top telecommunications analyst Jack B Grubman to WorldCom executive saying that Salomon strategist was cutting WorldCom stock from firm's recommendation list though Grubman continued to rate it highly (Market Place column) (M)
Until those efforts bear fruit, Amazon is, for many, the only alternative.
The announcement of Mr. Kosner's departure comes as The Daily News battles fiercely for circulation with its chief rival, The New York Post, which is owned by the News Corporation, while grappling with its balance between hard news and lighter fare like gossip.
Before Wal-Mart's drug-discount program, Patricia Symonette, a 54-year-old supervisor for the Cleveland Municipal School District in Ohio, would fill prescriptions for her husband and herself at a local CVS.
While not in the top tier of Morgan Stanley's bankers, Mr. Dolan is a respected insurance banker, who was an adviser for Chubb, the American International Group, Safeco, Ace and Aon.
MOTOROLA WARNS ON OUTLOOK
The Intelligent Transportation Society of America, a group that tries to set standards for what is broadly called telematics -- the consumer products and services that can be used in cars -- said last month, when it announced a conference on ''driver focus,'' that the market was exploding.
Hoping for a deal by next spring, Exxon Mobil would send the gas by pipeline to Russia's mainland and from there to China.
The Government wants to leave the door open for competition in the browser market, where Microsoft's main rival is the Netscape Communications Corporation.
Xerox may be in worse shape than its earnings indicate.
Ford Motor Co will release its third annual corporate citizenship report after almost four-month delay; environmental groups who have seen report say company has moved from candor to caution and has offered scant goals for reducing greenhouse gas emissions or improving gas mileage; Ford Motor chairman-chief executive William C Ford Jr says difficult business conditions make it harder to achieve goals; Sierra Club executive director Carl Pope says report takes giant step in wrong direction for Ford; Deborah Zemke, Ford's director for corporate governance, comments (M)
Odilon Hermans, the director of the St. Mary school in Bornem, a well-to-do suburb of Brussels, got in touch with the Coca-Cola bottling plant in Antwerp that day.
Shares of Delta fell 12.5 cents yesterday, closing at $84.375, and Boeing's shares rose $1, closing at $105.
At the time, Johnson & Johnson also disclosed that the subpoenas focused on the bundling of the two product lines in hospital contracts, particularly those in which hospitals earn discounts by achieving ''specified market-share targets for both categories of products.''
Intel Corp may finally face stiff competition when Advanced Micro Devices Inc releases powerful K6 chip in April 1997; some industry experts say chip is better bargain than Intel's competing Pentium II (S)
Engineers Reject Offer In Strike Against Boeing
The biggest threat is Jemaah Islamiyah, the group linked to Al Qaeda that is considered responsible for the Bali and Marriott bombings.
Shares of Yahoo fell $1.60, to $17.87.
Intrinsa, which Procter & Gamble developed with Watson Pharmaceuticals, involves a patch, worn on the abdomen, that delivers a steady stream of testosterone.
It also represents a vote of confidence for Yahoo's revamped search advertising technology, which the company unveiled earlier this year.
704 computing system in 1956, not the I.B.M.
The tools will be used to produce programs for computers using the Intel Corporation's Pentium microprocessors and the Microsoft Corporation's Windows 95 and Windows NT operating systems.
Then there are the daily renditions of the Wal-Mart cheer, which begins, ''Give me a W,'' and requires a shouted response from all.
Food and Drug Administration and Justice Department are conducting criminal investigation into Johnson & Johnson factory in Puerto Rico that makes anemia drug Eprex that has been linked to spate of serious illnesses in Europe and Canada; Eprex users developed pure red cell aplasia, condition in which body can lose its ability to produce red blood cells, leaving patient dependent on blood transfusions to survive; probe is tied to whistle-blower lawsuit filed against Johnson & Johnson by former employee Hector Arce; Arce contends he was pressed to falsify data to cover up manufacturing lapses and then was suspended few days before expected interview with FDA inspectors; Johnson & Johnson denies accusations (M)
EBay's revenues, which come primarily from listing and transaction fees, were $935.8 million, also up 44 percent.
Among the documents introduced in court this week was a letter from June 1990 in which Bill Gates, Microsoft's chairman, told Andrew S. Grove, the chief executive of Intel at the time, that any support given to the Go Corporation, a Silicon Valley software company, would be considered an aggressive move against Microsoft.
In considering charging Microsoft with monopolistic practices, Justice Department lawyers have consulted a discussion of Qwerty in ''Competing Technologies, Increasing Returns and Lock-In by Historical Events,'' a 1989 paper by the economist Dr. Brian Arthur in the academic periodical Economic Journal.
A cadre of unsung Marriott workers, from managers to porters, stayed behind to make sure their guests got out.
Technology Briefing
''Xerox has a tremendous customer base, and those customers will give them time to get their act together before they switch to competitors,'' said Hadley Reynolds, director of research for the Delphi Group, a document processing industry consulting firm in Boston.
''Had we not had the problems in Argentina, we would have seen double-digit earnings growth,'' Sanford I. Weill, Citigroup's chairman and chief executive, said during a conference call with analysts yesterday.
But British Air said it was canceling previous orders for 5 of 15 larger and more expensive Boeing 747-400's, as well as options on 7 more.
Officials at the Ford Motor Company say the two latest recalls, which they initiated, will address some of the problems, including the suspension defect.
Today, in very different economic times, I.B.M.
Investors sent shares of Gap plunging 12 percent, to $22.50, in after-hours trading after the company announced its August sales.
If Nike is out there handing something to the runners, I can't say we have a legal pretext for removing Nike.''
The recently revamped Microsoft Passport, however, follows HotMail's example and is entirely Web-based, allowing users to have access to it from any computer with a Web browser.
Indeed, China has no dominant national players in the retail market, which is why Wal-Mart and other international retailers are battling aggressively to expand there.
No wonder Mr. Jobs seemed to have a chip on his shoulder earlier this month when he took the stage to deride Dell's school laptop and compare it unfavorably to Apple's new iBook.
The Sunday Times of London reported over the weekend that Chevron was in talks to buy Phillips in a deal that would be worth about $16.5 billion, or $65 a share.
As Mr. Lessig's curriculum vitae was faxed around the country and his journal articles downloaded from Lexis, some attorneys speculated that his association with the University of Chicago, which is known for embracing free-market approaches to law and economics, was a good sign for Microsoft.
However, he said he was heartened by the fact that demand for Cisco products from United States companies continued to rise and that, of particular note, orders from telecommunications service providers were the highest in three years.
Microsoft Says It Wooed SAP, and Oracle Trial Takes Note
Soon after its office opened in late 2003, Wal-Mart created a line of contemporary urban clothing for women called Metro 7, filled with silk camisoles and velvet jackets.
The United States Court of Appeals announced a schedule today that would bring the two sides in the Microsoft Corporation's antitrust appeal back into the courtroom at the end of February.
As part of its investment, Microsoft had a licensing arrangement with AT&T covering 7.5 million to 10 million set-top boxes.
Citigroup senior managers have been meeting to review the company's brand in an effort that might bring major changes to its marketing strategy, just as its business practices were recently overhauled.
Nilda Gutierrez, who worked in the human resources department of one of Johnson & Johnson's operating companies in North Brunswick, N.J., left the company in 2002 after almost five years.
Pfizer also saved money by selecting a glass-and-wood partition design for the private offices, instead of building traditional drywall-and-glass offices.
(Definitely/Somewhat/Not Interested); Are you an AT&T long-distance customer?
JetBlue Airways is starting service on two new routes from airport in Long Beach, Calif, that will complete head-on with Southwest Airlines; JetBlue is challenging Southwest in California market that Southwest has grown to dominate in last two decades; carriers say that their low fares draw new customers, and so one's gain may not be other's loss; JetBlue represents distinct choice for fliers because Southwest flies not out of Long Beach, but out of four other airports in Los Angeles area; experts say JetBlue faces greater danger of knockout because it does not have large enough national operation to cover losses from vicious fare war in West; chart; photos (M)
Indeed, in the second quarter, Amazon included a $23 million charge related to those options and a $71 million noncash charge related to the effect on its debt of currency fluctuations.
Instead, he said, Intel appears to have made considerable progress toward reducing excess inventory, a problem that the company revealed several months ago and that hurt earnings last quarter.
Or it could mean showing that Intel's behavior convinced actual and potential chip makers that they could not survive because any computer company that needed to do business with Intel would be punished if it also bought chips from Intel's rivals.
Government Extends Review of Oracle
AirTran plans to increase capacity by 25 percent a year for the next few years with the 50 737's and six 717's it just ordered from Boeing.
Howard Rubel, an aerospace analyst at Jefferies & Company, said the company would be handicapped in sales outside of Russia because it did not have the infrastructure to service the plane, as Boeing and Airbus did for their products.
First, the trade commission's staff members who have been investigating Intel will forward their recommendation to the five-member F.T.C.
Market Place column on Wall Street's concern about Motorola Inc, whose reputation has been hurt by several missteps it has made, as well as by challenges beyond its control, such as economic crisis in Asia (M)
Asked to find a personality to embody the company's white jeans, a look Gap stores are aggressively promoting for spring, Trey Laird, Gap's creative director, said he started with a song, ''The Right Time,'' a blues standard.
But the Justice Department and 19 states suing the Microsoft Corporation face an uphill struggle to confirm that allegation.
Meanwhile, consumers took note last summer when hackers broke into Microsoft's Hotmail site and made public some highly embarrassing personal correspondence by its users.
In another losing day for stocks, AT&T's shares fell 72 cents, to close at $8.80.
The Amazon search capability had led to industry speculation that Amazon might increasingly compete with Google as a general search provider.
In Britain and on the Continent, the latest chapter in the Microsoft tale -- the government's proposal last week to break the company in two -- has received prominent attention in the media.
Priceline Shares Fall as Airlines Plan to Invest in a Rival Web Site
He must decide whether to grant Verizon's request to stay his order pending an appeal.
Citigroup donated $1 million to the school, but Mr. Weill denied that he had done anything wrong in helping Mr. Grubman.
I.B.M.
Sergio Marchionne, the new chief executive of the Fiat Group, said Thursday that his company would vigorously defend its right to sell its auto business to General Motors, a move G.M.
Microsoft has denied accusations by rivals and critics that Windows XP, by integrating many different computer applications, presents even more antitrust problems than the earlier versions of the operating system that were at issue in the lawsuit.
The Kia Optima and Hyundai Sonata, as well as General Motors' Saturn L-Series received the lowest ratings even with side airbags for the head.
I.B.M.
On the corporate side of the bank's business, she said, Citigroup was producing solid, though not stellar, results.
General Motors Corp announces to two steps to streamline its sprawling operations, putting all North American car making activities under single executive and assigning the man who built GM's Saturn division to develop standard management and engineering practices across the country; Donald E Hackworth, vice president and group executive already in charge of midsize and luxury cars and mini-vans, will also become responsible for Saturn and GM's other small car operations; Richard G LeFauve, vice president in charge of Saturn since 1986 as well as group executive in charge of small cars since 1994, will instead oversee effort to create single GM corporate culture and standard engineering practices; both men will change jobs on April 1 (L)
The most pressing issue at the show, however, is whether General Motors, Renault and Nissan will form a global alliance.
Among Ahmsa's creditors are Mexico's two largest banks: Banamex, a unit of Citigroup; and BBVA-Bancomer, the Mexican unit of Spain's BBVA.
To recover damages outside that system, Mr. Moore and Ms. Hernandez have to prove that I.B.M.
To enter Costco from Stew Leonard's, you must do a U-turn; to exit Costco and get to back to the highway, you must drive back toward Stew Leonard's.)
Fortunately, iMacs, iBooks and the machines in Apple's G3 series of computers can easily meet those requirements.
Seinfeld and Superman join forces again in spots for American Express, this time on the Web.
Although the company's brief said that ''no one is more anxious than Microsoft to see this case brought to a prompt conclusion,'' it went on to explain why it thought its case was different from the AT&T case.
Asda, Britain's third-largest retailer, was purchased by Wal-Mart in 1999.
Yesterday, Kodak said that the SARS epidemic in Asia had decimated its sales in China, one of the company's few bright spots until now.
The Lockheed Martin system, capable of detecting enemy missiles and aircraft and starting a counterattack at the same time, will be deployed on three destroyers that the ministry has ordered for delivery in 6 to 10 years.
Mr. Nordstrom started working for the company in 1974.
Ms. Earley declined to say how much AT&T had invested in Network Notes since  1994, but it was surely many millions of dollars.
The Federal Communications Commission leveled a record $3.6 million fine yesterday against 111 television stations that broadcast an episode of ''Without a Trace'' in December 2004, with the agency saying the CBS show suggested that its teenage characters were participating in a sexual orgy.
a.  canceling or refusing to grant a License Agreement to any OEM because the OEM ships or promotes non-Microsoft Platform Software or exercises any of the options provided in paragraph 4.b of this Decree, provided that the OEM does not infringe Microsoft's Intellectual Property Rights in exercising those options;
Part of the market's dynamism comes from the exchange between large-scale coffee sellers, like Starbucks, and niche players like Illy, Segafredo and Lavazza.
Microsoft posted solid growth in quarterly sales and profit yesterday, buoyed by strong holiday sales of personal computers and video games.
At a private meeting that month, agency officials told Johnson & Johnson executives that the drug was causing life-threatening arrhythmias, according to F.D.A.
Omnicom Group Buys Wolff Olins
Susan McDermott, a spokeswoman for Coca-Cola North America in Atlanta, confirmed a report of the decision this week in Adweek.
Samuel Leonard, General Motors' policy director for fuel economy and air pollution, said the fuel-economy credits for dual-fuel vehicles were needed as an incentive for automakers to build vehicles that could burn ethanol, a type of alcohol made from corn, sugar cane or even waste paper.
''I use My Yahoo,'' said Mr. Burke, referring to the flagship personalized home page of the Yahoo portal, to which he receives access at home through his Comcast cable modem.
Bank of America and FleetBoston Financial, which are merging, reach $675 million settlement with New York State Atty Gen Eliot Spitzer's office and Securities and Exchange Commission over improper trading in their mutual funds, requiring Bank of America to replace most of its fund directors within year; settlement is largest to date in wide-ranging fund probes and first to focus on role of boards in permitting improper trades; settlement brings to $1.65 billion total in fines and other payments by fund companies that have reached agreements with regulators at federal and state levels; Bank of America and Fleet will cut their fees by $160 million over next five years, chart (M)
Wall Street, after months of punishing Interpublic's shares for a series of financial and operational problems, had a generally positive view of the changes, though many analysts and investors did not get the outsider they wanted to clean up the mess at Interpublic.
Wal-Mart Profit Falls 26%,Its First Drop in 10 Years
Pres Bush has made health savings accounts one of his central campaign remedies for nation's health care problems, but so far employers and workers have been slow to accept accounts as alternative to conventional health insurance; few employers are offering new plans; UnitedHealth Group, which provides health insurance to more than 18 million workers, expects only 150,000 of those employees to choose health savings accounts for 2005; Aetna says only 38 of hundreds of employers it covers are offering savings plans for 2005; Pres Bush is expected to discuss plans again in domestic policy debate with Sen John Kerry; nonpartisan health policy experts say plans are apparently too new and untested to appeal to many employers and may simply not be financially feasible for middle-income familites; graph; photo (M)
Even though fears that the News Corporation might try to make a deal with Echostar have sent Hughes stock reeling, Hughes holders who oppose working with the News Corporation may be hard to dissuade.
Filing a suit against Microsoft carries legal and practical risks for any technology company.
Apple reported earnings that were in line with Wall Street's consensus estimates, but its sales results were somewhat below analysts' expectations.
That would make Internet Explorer, Microsoft's browser, the underdog and ''would be inconsistent with AOL's desire to support the Government in this case.''
Correction:  May 3, 2002, Friday  An article in Business Day on Wednesday about a deal reached by Louis V. Gerstner Jr., the chairman and former chief executive of I.B.M., to write a book for HarperCollins about his tenure at the company misspelled the surname of an associate publisher who commented on the deal.
Mr. Parsons evidently harbors some hope that if AOL can find a path toward growth, it may again add some pizzazz to Time Warner's stock, which has lingered under $20 for three years.
Ford Motor Co announces official opening of its assembly plant outside St Petersburg, Russia; factory will produce 25,000 Ford Focus cars per year for Russian consumers; $150 million factory is first car manufacturing plant in Russia that is fully owned by foreign producer (S)
Crowds vary according to the movie, said Mr. McCauley of Loews, adding that up to 600 mothers, fathers and babies attend showings.
But Pfizer investors have closely watched the British case because Pfizer's American patents on Lipitor are very similar to its British patents.
But such bundling is not currently under discussion at AT&T, a person close to the company said.
But Mr. Brady said he was questioned by Wal-Mart managers about his ability to do the job before he was hired.
Mr. Rello says Wal-Mart is shopping for opportunities all over Brazil.
Motorola's biggest unit, its cellphone business, had sales of $2.4 billion, up 2 percent from the first quarter of last year, but orders fell 6 percent, to $2.5 billion.
Hewlett-Packard wins deal to supply 40,000 personal computers for use in 1,456 Home Depot stores (S)
''The market is so hot now that if you have the training and job experience, you can walk down the street to the next start-up or to Microsoft and get a job,'' said Debra Joyce, the 29-year-old manager of information systems at Aventail.
Any restatement or sanction could increase Time Warner's vulnerability to lawsuits from shareholders angry over the company's failure to live up to its promises after the merger.
Such targeted banner ads were common in Yahoo's early days, but search pages in recent years often had general advertisements.
Concerns about Motorola reached a new peak late last week on reports that business had weakened to the point that the company faced a liquidity squeeze.
Priceline now sells more than 80,000 tickets a week.
To that end, the Picture Viewer can snap into a Series 3 Kodak EasyShare Printer Dock.
Now, in the view of Mr. Kraus, ''Microsoft is becoming I.B.M.
''Thirty percent of all software for Motorola's latest phones is written in India,'' said Sammy Sana, managing director of Motorola India Electronics.
Citigroup stated this week that it had set up the trusts to reduce its existing Enron-related risk and to provide a hedge against possible future exposures.
''In that position of David versus Goliath, it's an exciting place to be,'' Tony Tijerino, a Nike spokesman, said.
On Tuesday, The New York Times published an editorial that said the threat to Disney by a combined America Online and Time Warner was real.
An example is Microsoft's remake of Zoo Tycoon (Zoo Tycoon 2, $40, www.microsoft.com, ages 9 and up, planned for November), which lets children design and explore a virtual zoo.
Apple has not publicly discussed plans to add the G4 to its product line, but Motorola said it would be shipping the chips in volume before summer.
While J. P. Morgan Chase rushed to detail its potential losses, Citigroup has repeatedly rebuffed inquiries.
A confidential 2004 report prepared by McKinsey & Company for Wal-Mart, and made public by Wal-Mart Watch, found that 2 percent to 8 percent of Wal-Mart consumers surveyed have ceased shopping at the chain because of ''negative press they have heard.''
EBay, based in San Jose, Calif., hopes to jump-start its ad service by expanding to other media.
Disney's shares fell 2 cents while Comcast rose 85 cents, to $30.75.
Doctor Accuses Merck of Fraud in Drug Sales
In the quarter in 2000,  Amazon lost $545 million by that measure.
The special appeal of Time Warner to Mr. Case is, he confessed, ''the power of established media brands and the customer relationships that those brands represent.''
''Whenever you have a global company like Microsoft taking such a significant step toward improving relationships with its customers, it's a powerful testament to customer relationship management,'' said Pamela Maphis Larrick, chief executive at MRM, ''and will be a real indication to a lot of other companies how important it is.''
The firm's actions in the Curry case -- Morgan Stanley secretly paid a police informant involved in arranging a sting operation against the ex-employee -- prompted an investigation by the Manhattan District Attorney earlier this year.
Brown & Sons brought Microsoft public in March 1986 at a price of $21 a share -- the stock has since split several times -- which was then equivalent to about 20 times the company's fiscal year 1985 earnings of $1.04 a share.
The advertiser is Procter & Gamble, whose sponsorship of daytime serials from ''Ma Perkins'' to ''The Edge of Night'' to ''Another World'' led to their being called soap operas.
Morton Bahr, president of the communications workers, said an A.T.& T. phone information line, known as the ATS transfer system, did not have all the jobs available and that A.T.& T. hired 14,000 people "off the street" rather than offer the jobs to union workers.
If Microsoft refused to make a legal commitment not to abuse the dominance of Windows by adding in other software, Mr. Monti said, then ''the public and competition would be better served by a decision setting a strong legal precedent which establishes clear principles for a company that is so dominant in the market.''
While the negotiations with the holdout attorneys general continued, Mr. Spitzer railed at Microsoft's leaders for recent public statements and said they reinforced the view that remedies intended to modify Microsoft's conduct were unlikely to work.
The I.B.M.
The Band, which first met in 1994, has backed household names like Cisco Systems.
Market Place column on Intel Corp's impending antitrust problems, as result of its dominance of chip business; Federal Trade Commission is expected to file suit against company; antitrust action will have little impact on Intel's business at first; over longer term, being embroiled in battle with Government could take its toll; FTC investigated Intel previously, but took no action; this leads analysts to suspect Government must have great confidence in its case now or it would not contemplate taking action that might result in failure; Intel could suffer greatly if Government suit results in guidelines on company's technological advancements; even without FTC pressure, Intel faces increased competition and a computer market that is becoming saturated; graph (M)
Pfizer has also applied more pressure to its court case.
This would be by far Comcast's largest acquisition and would make it the dominant player in the cable world.
That compares with a 5 percent increase in Exxon Mobil shares, and a 3.1 percent decline in the S.&P.
In the last year or so, Microsoft has settled a number of private suits.
In its response to Mr. Gorbachev's letter, Microsoft said it generally opposed prosecuting teachers for software piracy.
Nine companies, including Verizon Airfone, which pioneered pay phones in the air, are expected to enter bids for the two licenses available.
The Wall Street Journal reported last week that I.B.M.
Intel Wins Skirmish In Intergraph Case
An investment fund led by a unit of the Prudential Insurance Company that lost control of a Prague television station in 2001, said that it would seek to recover more than 1 billion crowns, or $34.3 million, from the Czech government.
Calpers, the California state retirement system that is the biggest pension fund in the country, said it tendered its 1.5 million shares of PeopleSoft to Oracle on Wednesday; those holdings amount to about one-half of 1 percent of outstanding PeopleSoft shares.
''Cummins is the Mark Twain of the engine business,'' said Mike Osega, the publisher of the trade magazine Diesel Progress.
The Ford Motor Company is planning to eliminate 1,000 jobs at plants in Britain through voluntary reductions and early retirements, a company spokesman said yesterday.
The government, according to Oracle, is taking an unrealistically narrow view of a fast-moving high-technology market.
Xerox Dusts Off Its Used Copiers
Brian has voting control, but he has made me feel that I am a big part of his thinking about Comcast.''
Yet aside from Wal-Mart, he is hard pressed to cite other examples of companies making good on the threat to fire a law firm for lack of progress on diversity.
Of most significance to investors, Yahoo said it would begin the second phase of its long-delayed search advertising system, called Project Panama, on Feb. 5.
A key issue in the case, which was filed in 1997, is whether Amgen's patents will be interpreted that broadly.
And the growth in the applications business was lower by half than the projection Oracle made March 1, when it said its quarterly returns would be sharply disappointing, results the company attributed to abrupt decisions by clients to delay new software purchases.
Microsoft last year invested $1 billion in another cable company, the Comcast Corporation.
But Mr. Maffei's hasty exit was viewed by analysts as further evidence of the power held by Safra Catz, another co-president at Oracle and the heir apparent to the 61-year-old Mr. Ellison.
On Sunday, Nöel Forgeard, the chief executive of Airbus, strongly denounced Mr. Stonecipher and said that the airplane maker was in favor of the deal between General Electric and Honeywell.
Apple Computer Rolls Out New Assemblage of iMacs
The spotlight on Morgan Stanley, however, will eventually fade.
''These uncertainties could cause Microsoft,'' its filing said, ''to modify product design and delay release dates for Windows or other products.''
The European Commission issued an antitrust ruling against Microsoft yesterday that is intended to force the company to change its fundamental business strategy of bundling new products into its Windows operating system, which runs more than 90 percent of all personal computers.
''I felt an obligation to let them know I was O.K.,'' he said yesterday, ''to let them know that Aon was O.K.''
Dr. Bob DeLap, vice president for regulatory affairs at Johnson & Johnson, said he thought the trial would probably show both drugs to be about equally effective.
In the recent deals reached by the major makers of digital cellular phones to add computer features to products, neither Intel nor Microsoft has played a role.
In the current case, which is scheduled to go to trial on Sept. 8, the Justice Department and 20 states contend that Microsoft's Windows and its Internet Explorer browser are two separate products and that Microsoft has used the market power derived from its operating system monopoly to curb competition in the browser market.
This time, though, the News Corporation has management control, which has allowed it to increase Sky Italia's programming with more sports, movies, nature programs and American shows.
As the prospect of that public spectacle approached, Morgan Stanley officials grew keener to settle.
Last fall a coalition of privacy groups complained in a letter to the Federal Trade Commission about the potential risks inherent in Microsoft's collecting personal information from and about several hundred million personal computer users.
Apparently, though, the high-carb industry's bane has not been a boon for Tyson Foods Inc., the world's largest meat processor.
Retired Morgan Stanley executives Robert G Scott, S Parker Gilbert and Lewis W Bernard campagning for ouster of Philip J Purcell met secretly with Morgan Stanley board members late last week and proposed splitting company in two; talks are major concession by company's board, which previously spurned repeated requests by dissident executives to meet; executives proposed that Morgan Stanley divide into two companies--one catering to institutions like pension and mutual funds and other to individual investors; that would spell the end of Morgan Stanley as diversified financial services firm; among directors who attended meeting were C Robert Kidder and Michael A Miles, chairman of governance committee; photo (M)
''But Apple has dodged the Intel transition bullet so far.
That had been handled by the Marina del Rey, Calif., office of Deutsch, part of the Partnership division of Interpublic.
''For all its sophistry in discussing the case law, the government fails to identify a single precedent for its radical breakup proposal,'' Microsoft wrote.
However, Boeing, the world's second-largest aerospace company and the Pentagon's No.2 supplier, faces several challenges.
Oracle executives said that 36 percent of its license revenue for the quarter were from deals valued at $500,000 or more.
The executive, Paul S. Otellini, an executive vice president, also said he expected Intel to meet its financial targets for the current quarter.
Boston Properties Inc agrees to buy 280 Park Avenue, complex of two large office towers between 48th Street and 49th Street, from Bankers Trust Co for $321 million (S)
Carnival plans to deliver the proposal to P&O Princess shareholders this week in an effort to forestall a vote scheduled for Feb. 14 to approve a rival offer from Royal Caribbean Cruises Lines, these people said.
Yahoo's approach to this market has been more cautious.
I.B.M.
And analysts said they thought Marsh had agreed to pay such a premium partly to keep Sedgwick out of the hands of Aon.
The court ruled that thousands of workers hired by Microsoft through employment agencies were regular employees rather than temps and should qualify for certain Microsoft benefits, including its discount stock purchase plan.
After a three-year legal fight, a Paris court yesterday rejected a lawsuit by French human rights advocates and Holocaust survivors who sued Yahoo for one symbolic euro.
Johnson & Johnson, which challenges the statistical significance of the safety problems cited in the journal articles, says it has asked a noted Harvard cardiologist, Dr. Eugene Braunwald, to form a team of outside doctors to evaluate Natrecor's risks and benefits.
The commission would sue Morgan Stanley on behalf of Ms. Schieffelin, who was fired in October from a job that had paid her more than $1 million annually, and any other women it might identify as having been in a similar situation, the Morgan Stanley executive said.
Two years ago, Pfizer and most other major drug makers announced programs to provide free or nominally priced drugs to the poor.
position, Motorola would have recorded a gain of $429 million after taxes, the March 20 filing said.
Having learned how to do retail marketing correctly with the Xbox, look for Microsoft to apply most of those lessons to PC games this fall.
The comments, made at the Milken Institute in Los Angeles, were interpreted by some human rights advocates as an effort by the young Mr. Murdoch, who heads the News Corporation's Asian division, to ingratiate the company with Chinese leaders because of the company's extensive business plans with China.
The expression of interest by Microsoft reinforced the value of SAP's franchise.
But Elise Wang, an analyst at PaineWebber, said the ruling provided ''a significant advantage for Amgen now going into the trial.''
Standard & Poor's has removed from Credit Watch the debt ratings of the Omnicom Group in New York, though it downgraded by one level the ratings for the company, which owns agencies like BBDO Worldwide and DDB Worldwide.
The authority's real estate advisers also notified the third-place bidder, a joint venture of Boston Properties and Brookfield Financial Properties, that the deal with Vornado had collapsed.
The suit follows a counterclaim Broadcom filed last week in response to Intel's suit.
Last October, to step up the pace of technology sales, Mr. Gerstner placed a handful of I.B.M.
With the acquisition of the Intuit Services unit, Checkfree gains Intuit's relationships with 39 banks and more than 300,000 electronic bill-processing customers, bringing its total number of bank customers to 181 and its consumer base to nearly 1.2 million.
So there was some amount of quiet grumbling here in the days after the announcement of the multibillion-dollar I.B.M.-Hitachi deal, as many technologists wondered whether the computer maker was not mortgaging its future.
MICROSOFT REPORT
A spokesman for Coca-Cola Enterprises said the company played by the rules.
The News Corporation is buying Morrow and Avon for less than $180 million -- a price that is not a premium one because the companies' sales revenues last year totaled about that amount.
Yahoo, for example, has just introduced a specialized service to help users find local businesses and in turn a profit from the large market for yellow-pages-type advertising.
The shift to multiple processing units, or cores, embedded in the same chip has recently become a significant technological approach for I.B.M., Sun Microsystems and Intel as well as Advanced Micro, as computer designers hunt for new ways to increase processing power.
And like Procter & Gamble, G.M.
The president's office has been vacant at American Express since Jeffrey E. Stiefler quit in September 1995.
Corning Inc and Nortel Networks end talks that would have combined their fiber optic operations (M)
James Murdoch is the only child still active in the company, where he is chief executive of British Sky Broadcasting, the satellite company based in London that is 34 percent owned by the News Corporation.
To cite but one potential example, the new Intel chip could bring a fourfold increase in the recording and playback time in the hand-held digital voice recorders now popular for dictation and audio note taking.
Correction: picture caption with Nov 13 article reversed identities of two General Motors executives0
William Clay Ford Jr, great-grandson of Henry Ford, assumes control of Ford Motor Co as sole chief executive, ending awkward power sharing arrangement with ousted Jacques Nasser; says there is need for change in company's top ranks, which has been struggling to devise turnaround plan, especially since September 11 terrorist attacks has worsened already bleak outlook for automobile industry; has solid support of extended Ford family, which holds 6 percent of stock and just 3 of 14 seats on board of directors, but voting rights that gives it effective control of company; company's problems include loss of market share, two consecutive quarterly losses, frayed relations with dealers, lowered credit rating and dwindling of cash reserves; graphs; charts; photos (M)
But industry analysts said Microsoft was still lagging badly in the wireless world.
At $70 a barrel, the Chevron group could save about $1.5 billion in royalties if the government agreed that both leases were contributing to Chevron's production.
Nicholas Lobaccaro, an auto industry analyst with Merrill Lynch, said General Motors had no choice but to seek lower-cost labor for parts production.
Creative campaigns for Chevrolet division of General Motors at Campbell-Ewald is changing hands; Bill Ludwig, top creative executive on account since 1981, is turning over assignment to longtime New York creative executive Brent Bouchez; Bouchez will close Bouchez Kent & Co, agency he helped open nearly four years ago, to join Campbell-Ewald (M)
The state and federal officials prosecuting the Microsoft antitrust case now say that their goal in any settlement, or court-imposed remedy, will be to break the company's monopoly in personal computer operating systems, or limit its ability to wield such monopoly power.
''When people tune into the CBS News I want them to know what they're going to get,'' he said.
Citigroup's Earnings Climb 12% in Quarter
Number of Amercan companies expressing alarm over surging dollar has been surprisingly small, compared with 12 years ago when many manufacturers warned that businesses would be severely injured by influx of cheap imports; many have been insulated from effects by expanded production overseas, decade of aggressive cost-cutting and active hedging of currencies; officials at Boeing Co, General Electric and Intel Corp have dismissed worries about dollar; even Caterpillar Tractor, which led complaints in mid-1980's, has been quiet, as have machine-tool makers which were nearly driven out of business by low-priced Japanese imports; currency continues surge, despite statement by Treas Sec Robert E Rubin that it has corrected itself after hitting record low against yen nearly two years ago; graph (M)
Its legal fight with A.T.& T. was so long, costly and time-consuming that the MCI staff joked that the company amounted to "a law firm with an antenna on the roof."
Advertising column on America Online plan to add extra $1 billion in pretax operating profits in first year as combined company with Time Warner by bringing its advertising techniques to Time Warner's Web sites; says America Online has developed and marketed service that appeals to masses, and has done better job than any other Internet company in finding ways to cash in on that audience; says AOL executives are eager to grab hold of Time Warner's Internet sites and stoke them with sales strategies it has used so successfully with its other brands; says that for advertisers, merger could be mixed blessing; says AOL has built up reputation as one of hardest companies on Internet to deal with; photos; chart (M)
Puzzling It Out at Citigroup; Commercial and Investment Bankers Try Working Together
The creditors hope to sell a restructured Daewoo to General Motors and Fiat.
Henry M. Paulson, the chairman and chief executive of the Goldman Sachs Group, was one of at least five top executives on Wall Street to take home more than $25 million last year, according to the firm's first proxy statement.
(General Electric's financial news network, CNBC, is in just as bad shape in the ratings, but it is still a sizable cash generator that the company expects will rebound with the economy.)
Con Edison's rates, for example, will decrease by 10 percent by 2001 under New York's order to deregulate.
Last year, Lotus shed its original name, Mr. Zollar's title was modified to general manager, and Lotus's sales operations were brought into the reporting framework for the rest of I.B.M.
Mr. Kempin gave a familiar response, one that is central to Microsoft's defense.
The timing of the transaction raises questions about the status of Mr. Murdoch's feud with John C. Malone, the chairman of Liberty Media, who raised his company's investment in the News Corporation to 17 percent in November behind the back of Mr. Murdoch, who owns a 30 percent voting stake.
During previous holiday seasons, Wal-Mart has paid health care premiums and offered an additional 10 percent discount.
But that was hardly a major expense considering that AT&T was forced to pay Comcast $1.7 billion to compensate it for the virtually worthless Excite@Home shares.
In a public relations coup this spring, union organizers trumpeted one of their first successes in high technology when 16 temporary workers at Microsoft became the first group of software workers in a single workplace to call for union representation.
AT&T rejects as inadequate bids for its cable television division, AT&T Broadband, from AOL Time Warner, Comcast and Cox Communications; is hoping bidders will improve their offers to acceptable range, probably over $40 billion, but appears leaning toward spinoff of unit into independent company; Microsoft Corp is likely to end up with bigger stake in AT&T Broadband no matter how transaction plays out (M)
But Wall Street turned the tables on General Mills, putting pressure on the company to make the deal with Diageo, the owner of Pillsbury, pay off.
Congressional investigators are examining a series of undisclosed deals between Enron and Citigroup that raise questions about whether the bank ignored its internal guidelines and sidestepped accounting requirements in order to satisfy an important client, according to people involved in the inquiry.
The action came after Morgan Stanley failed to comply with a subpoena from the Federal commission that sought data on its promotion and compensation policies.
Over the rest of the year, Yahoo will introduce a series of activities meant to expand its fee income, said Terry Semel, Yahoo's chief executive.
Humana is also a RICO defendant under a ruling by Judge Moreno last year.
Mr. Weill, Citigroup's well-compensated chairman, and Mr.
Mr. Munger has worked on two lucrative banking deals for Morgan Stanley: the Unocal-Chevron merger and Kmart's acquisition of Sears.
''Her appearance is surprising, considering that she was not on the witness list as required under Texas rules,'' Jonathan Skidmore, a lawyer for Merck, said Wednesday.
J. P. Suarez, who is in charge of asset protection at Wal-Mart, said it was no longer efficient to prosecute petty shoplifters.
A subsequent drop in the shares of Nextel would have led Motorola to report a loss of $157 million after taxes in the 1995 fourth quarter.
Carlos Ghosn, who runs the automakers Renault of France and Nissan of Japan, said Wednesday that he would still be interested in adding a North American partner if discussions with General Motors failed to bring about an alliance -- raising the prospect of eventual talks with the Ford Motor Company.
In the weeks ahead, CBS is planning to introduce several other mobile ventures.
Starbucks will also consider acquisitions and investments in other companies that provide some of the products to be sold on the Web site.
Adobe Acrobat eBook Reader displays pages side by side; Adobe creates software system makes it easy for publishers to transform text and graphics stored as Adobe Portable Ducument Format into electronic books that cannot be duplicated or passed around without authorization (S)
The Silverstein company's offer last month was only about $30 million less than the $3.25 billion bid from Vornado.
It was introduced in 2001 by Amgen and is a slightly modified version of epoetin that can be given less frequently.
Some trade reports have speculated that Pontiac would be shifted to Deutsch, the Interpublic agency that a decade ago created campaigns for the New York metropolitan Pontiac dealers' association.
But he said the bigger players, like Yahoo, were not at particular risk in the event of a shakeout.
Adding P & O Princess to Carnival, which also controls Cunard and its flagship, the Queen Elizabeth II, would result in a line with 62 ships and 87,020 berths and just under half the United States market.
In the meantime, the court ruling says that Microsoft should pay Eolas $1.47 for every copy of the Windows operating system containing the browsing software that is shipped.
Prof Ikujiro Nonaka, well-known management thinker in Japan, will become first Xerox Distinguished Professor in Knowledge at business school of University of California at Berkeley; Nonaka contends that companies can learn to have their employees pass on to each other what he calls tacit knowledge, information often referred to as intuition or gut instinct; in a corporation, that could mean creating an intellectual directory, an electronically accessible compendium that tells which divisions, individuals, or work teams have been most effective at solving specific products (M)
And in the late 1960's, when aircraft sales dried up for more than a year, Boeing started making hydrofoils, wind-powered turbines and police-radio scramblers.
MICROSOFT ON TRIAL: THE TRIAL
With its sleek silver back and glowing red underbelly and taillight, the Microsoft Intellimouse Explorer, which will become available in September, is the most visually striking computer mouse yet.
Among other things, the companies are suing each other over the fine print in Jones's contract to make Polo's Lauren/Ralph Lauren line.
It is unlikely anybody is more disappointed by Gateway's troubles than William Miller, who oversees the mutual fund operations of the Legg Mason brokerage firm in Baltimore.
Separately, I.B.M.
The current showdown between the two companies concerns America Online's refusal to let Microsoft, among others, link its on-line users to America Online's instant-messaging system -- a form of electronic mail that lets two people conduct a real-time conversation.
(Either Apple's being dumb or Compaq's being greedy.
Such a broad technology supply deal with I.B.M., a rival in the PC business, would have been unthinkable a few years ago, Acer executives say.
There was no joy in the winner's circle, CBS's Jack Whitaker said, only ''shock, melancholy and sadness until we learn the severity of the injury.''
But unlike its rivals Cablevision and Time Warner Cable, Comcast has been slow to introduce Internet-based phone service.
Procter & Gamble says its earnings in first fiscal quarter ended Sept 30 rose 33 percent; also reports 13 percent increase in unit volume and 11 percent rise in sales, to $10.8 billion, sharpest move upward for sales in seven years; says net earnings were $1.46 billion compared with $1.1 billion year earlier; chief executive Alan G Lafley comments; photo (M)
The General Electric resolution was proposed by the Teamsters Affiliates Pension Plan, which owns 13,800 shares of G.E.
The 2000 deal, between American International Group and General Re, a unit of Berkshire Hathaway, served to spruce up A.I.G.
As it now stands, Verizon will win the most licenses, but at a heavy cost.
Last month at the introduction of Intel's powerful Pentium III chip, Intel executives showed more than a dozen data security uses for the serial number contained electronically in each of the chips, ranging from limiting access to protecting documents or software against piracy.
Yahoo said its sales were off because advertising from Internet companies has fallen far faster than expected.
A small company could claim it didn't know the rules, but not one the size of Microsoft.''
Mr. Bofferding said the union would now attempt to talk to industry analysts, Boeing customers and engineering students at universities in an effort to increase pressure on the company.
''Whatever we can do to actually minimize the collection of personal data is good,'' said Marc Rotenberg, director of the Electronic Privacy Information Center, one of three groups trying to organize a boycott of Intel's chips.
Indeed, Howard Rubel of Goldman, Sachs said Boeing might even have done well to limit its involvement in Teledesic by agreeing to launch the satellites while avoiding responsibility for the overall project.
''It is supremely logical for us to offer services to the white-collar and office segment that are analogous to what we offer our corporate customer base,'' said Frederick W. Smith, the chairman of FedEx, which has annual revenue of about $23 billion.
Buoyed by loans from the government's Korea Development Bank, the company endures in hopes of either finding a buyer, possibly General Motors, or returning on its own to profitability.
Microsoft plans to spend $2 billion on search and Internet technology this year.
Wendy Riches, 54, chairwoman and chief executive at Ogilvy One North America in New York, part of the Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide division of WPP Group P.L.C., is leaving after almost three years to join the toy maker Hasbro Inc. in Pawtucket, R.I., in the new position of president for global direct marketing and electronic commerce.
Mr. Kennett also called Ms. Druyun's admission of Boeing favoritism ''surprising.''
Tribe, Nike's lawyer.
Sanford I. Weill, the chairman and chief executive of Citigroup, said yesterday that he would step down as chief executive on Oct. 1, three months earlier than he planned when he named his successor in July.
''In the past we called them Microsoft munchkins.
But now, Peter Chernin, president of the News Corporation told the committee, those negotiations are at an impasse.
Electronic Arts had about 63 percent of the $1.23 billion United States market for sports games in 2004, Mr. Wilson said, citing figures from NPD Funworld, a research firm.
Ascend is also a big player, after Cisco, in routers, which coordinate traffic on the network.
Yahoo reported net income of $65.5 million for the quarter ended June 30, or 11 cents a share, compared with analysts' consensus projections of 10 cents a share.
Bank of America is the biggest bank in the country in terms of the number of branches it runs.
Micron, which was the most actively traded issue yesterday, fell $7.125, or 14.3 percent, to $42.625.
COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE: REGIONAL MARKET -- Manhattan; Home Depot Project Passes Detailed Course in History
MORGAN STANLEY DRAWS S.E.C.
Now, with the studies failing to show that transplants prolong life, an Aetna official said it was time to accept what science showed.
Merck's American patent on simvastatin, the active ingredient in Zocor, expires next June.
Justice Department files antitrust lawsuit against Visa USA and Mastercard International, contending that nation's two biggest credit card networks restrain competition and limit consumers' choices; suit challenges control of both credit card associations by same set of banks, as well as rules adopted by Visa and Mastercard that ban member banks from offering credit cards of competitors like American Express and Discover (M)
B. C. Communications is the quirky Apple dealership I patronize for reasons I find hard to articulate.
The possibility that Transmeta would employ Mr. Torvalds to help design a system that would benefit Microsoft is akin to heresy for many engineers in Silicon Valley.
This barrier ensures that no Intel-compatible PC operating system other than Windows can attract significant consumer demand, and the barrier would operate to the same effect even if Microsoft held its prices substantially above the competitive level for a protracted period of time.
And second, the companies may not see it as in their long-term interest to bring suit against Microsoft, even if they do not fear retaliation from Microsoft.
Yahoo's stock closed at $165.56, down $1.81 for the day.
Giving Government a role, however well intended, would mean ''the Justice Department or the courts would become economic regulators who fine-tune product decisions,'' said Charles F. Rule, a former head of the Justice Department's antitrust division who is a consultant to Microsoft.
THE MARKETS: Market Place; The Lehman analyst who viewed Amazon.com through a no-nonsense microscope moves on.
David Baskerville, an Adobe Acrobat product manager, said that a sample set of 100,000 PDF files retrieved by Adobe over the Internet, using a demonstration version of an engine that searches  PDF files, had an average of 14 formatted pages per file.
They include the Nike soccer game streaker; the mud-wrestling women for the Miller Lite beer brand sold by SABMiller; and the salutes to football, friends and twins for the Coors Light beer brand sold by the Adolph Coors Company.
But if Yahoo's project was worth the two years and tens of millions of dollars it cost -- far more money and time than it expected -- users will find the text ads adjacent to the main search results just a little more interesting, luring them to click on those ads a little more often.
He said Verizon might be trying to appear consumer-friendly to regulators as it entered the regulatory process with its proposed merger of MCI, the long-distance company.
Asked about that possibility, Lynn Brinton, a Netflix spokeswoman, said the company was ''not discussing specifics,'' but she noted that Netflix filed the patent for royalties and to protect its business model.
Some Boeing 747's have a fuel-pump part that can wear out after a few flights and possibly lead to fuel-tank explosions, the Federal Aviation Administration said today.
''Coca-Cola Femsa is not only one of the best bottlers in the Coca-Cola system but it also provides much stronger financial capability to service Panamco markets,'' said John Sicher, editor of Beverage Digest, a publication covering the global beverage industry.
Apple Computer Inc will disclose details of its restructuring plan intended to cut costs by 25 percent; plan is expected to include substantial layoffs (M)
Ted Turner now has a job description to go along with his vice chairman's title at Time Warner.
The Coca-Cola Company and the plaintiffs in a class-action discrimination lawsuit against the company said yesterday that Alexis M. Herman, the former labor secretary, would be the chairwoman of a panel that will oversee the company's diversity efforts.
But Pfizer has acknowledged it might get a patent extension for Viagra because it is testing the drug in children, something it can do for pulmonary hypertension but not for erectile dysfunction.
The Luxtera announcement is a significant advance over speeds described by the Intel researchers in scientific journals.
I.B.M.
Bankruptcy filing by Delphi may force United Automobile Workers to make major concessions on wages and benefits at company or accept them from bankruptcy judge, and any concessions could affect UAW's negotiations on new contract with General Motors, Ford and DaimlerChrysler, especially with regard to benefits;' Delphi is seeking to cut pay for its 34,000 unionized workers by as much as two-thirds, to as little as $10 an hour; GM says filing by Delphi, which it spun off in 1999 with certain guarantees on pensions and health care and life insurance benefits of retirees in event of bankruptcy, could increase long-term liabilities on its books by as much as $11 billion (M)
John F. Welch Jr., one of the most successful and highly compensated chief executives in corporate America, is about to be asked to defend how much he is paid to run the General Electric Company.
Weak Results For Oxford And Aetna
If his new sport utility vehicle -- the one he thought the Ford Motor Company needed right away to stay competitive -- was to beat out a luxury sports car being promoted by more senior rival executives, he and his small team would have to come up with an inexpensive design.
Early this month, Dow Jones dropped Kodak from the Dow Jones Industrials, pretty much branding it as a company whose glory days are gone.
Taubman Centers, the shopping mall empire founded by A. Alfred Taubman, rejected a $1.7 billion takeover bid from a rival, the Simon Property Group, as inadequate yesterday.
CinemaNow, a leading distributor of independent feature films on demand over the Internet, announced today that it had closed another round of financing during which it had gained Microsoft as an investor, joining the original investors Blockbuster and Kipco.
Noting that the country's gross domestic product rose more than 3 percent a year for three straight years, Moody's raised the rating from A2, to A1, five points below most European Union nations but only two points lower than that of Italy and Portugal.
Yahoo's users are looking at more pages than they did a year ago, but the company's advertising revenue for each page displayed declined, it said, mainly because of its lagging search ad technology.
Some of those legislative proposals would require the use of open-source software in government, but most of the government steps are efforts to ensure there is an alternative to Microsoft in their critical software markets.
Three-year contracts with General Motors and Ford Motor were also scheduled to expire at midnight on Tuesday, and talks continued with those companies, too.
CITIGROUP AGREES TO A SETTLEMENT OVER WORLDCOM
Facing their worst financial outlook in years, executives at General Motors said yesterday that they wanted union workers to accept the same health benefit cuts already taken by white-collar workers.
For decades, the Intel Corporation has expanded its core business by making computer chips that are faster and by lowering their cost.
Amgen said that it would keep most of Abgenix's manufacturing employees but that job losses were likely in other areas.
COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE: REGIONAL MARKET -- Manhattan; Bigger Home For Pfizer Takes Shape
Marsh & McLennan is facing similar problems on renewals and has also appealed to insurers.
Supporters and critics of proposal to close loophole that lets companies avoid taxes by acquiring mailbox in Bermuda say it would force Boeing, Kodak, Disney and other large exporters to pay higher taxes, while giving new breaks to General Motors, Ford and other companies with factories overseas; bill, which was introduced by House Republicans last week, would temporarily shut down loophole that Stanley Works and other companies want to use to reduce or eliminate corporate income taxes by moving their nominal corporate headquarters to Bermuda, even while continuing to run their companies from offices in US; critics say that in addition to three-year moratorium, bill would also create two permanent tax breaks that combined are worth $60.8 billion, nearly 10 times size of so-called Bermuda loophole; add new loopholes tilt incentives in favor of multinationals investing overseas rather than at home; House Democrats will introduce separate proposal to prevent companies that use Bermuda loophole from doing work for government; that restrction wouldhave significant effect on some companies; Republican bill would save mulintational companies $37.4 billion in US taxes over 10 years (M)
''It is very late in the day, and advertising alone will not solve Apple's problems,'' said Gary Stibel, a principal at the New England Consulting Group in Westport, Conn., who specializes in technology marketing.
But Philip M. Condit, Boeing's chairman and chief executive, has acknowledged that there is room for improvement at the company, which employs 230,000 people.
Instead, the lead investigators were from Scirex, a little-known research firm owned partly by Omnicom, one of the world's biggest advertising companies.
If regulators approve the drug, Pfizer expects to sell it alone as well as in combination with Lipitor, which reduces so-called bad cholesterol by 40 percent to 60 percent.
Analysts and investors had expected Apple to discuss a broad restructuring in advance of its annual shareholders meeting Wednesday in Cupertino, Calif.
Still, she notes that some Microsoft rivals like Apple Computer Inc. evoke more ''positive socio-emotional responses'' from consumers.
Colgate-Palmolive Co is awarded Grand Edison New Product Marketer of the Year award at 12th annual presentation of Edison Best New Products Awards, sponsored by American Marketing Assn (S)
Industry executives and competitors believe that Apple has developed the first of a new generation of devices that are closer to personal computers in pocket form, meaning that they will easily handle music, entertainment, productivity tasks and communications on cellular and other wireless networks.
Microsoft has stated that Java amounts, in effect, to an Internet operating system.
In May Campbell's sold one of those low performers, Marie's Salad Dressing, to Dean Foods.
Medinol claims that Boston Scientific's current stents -- drug-coated metal mesh cylinders that keep blood vessels from reclosing after blockages have been cleared -- are based on a design it stole from the Israeli company as their partnership fell apart.
AT&T's cable television unit, though, lost many more customers in the first quarter than many analysts had expected, and the company appeared to reduce its financial forecast for the unit modestly.
In addition to cellphones and microprocessors, Motorola is the market leader in radio systems for government and safety agencies, a major manufacturer of communications networking commitment, the leader in broadband equipment for the cable television industry and a major manufacturer of electronic components for the transportation and manufacturing sectors.
''Net-net, it will be a wash, because our industry's products will be used to rebuild the devastated areas,'' said Andrew N. Liveris, chief executive of the Dow Chemical Company.
The Boeing Company may rule the skies as the world's dominant commercial aircraft manufacturer, but it humbly gave in to the demands of European antitrust regulators and won approval today of its $14 billion merger with the McDonnell Douglas Corporation.
PeopleSoft has maintained that a takeover by Oracle undervalues PeopleSoft and would hurt PeopleSoft's customers.
In less than two weeks, barring a last-minute settlement, the European Commission is expected to declare Microsoft an abusive monopolist, impose a fine of $100 million to $1 billion and order the company to make fundamental changes to the way it sells software in Europe.
At issue in the case was a series of interchanges between Lockheed Martin rocket experts and the Chinese about kick motors, which are small rocket motors that are used to lift a satellite into its final orbit.
The transition from Cingular to AT&T is not going to be easy, branding specialists say.
M. Douglas Ivester, the chief executive of Coca-Cola, who presided over his first shareholder meeting in that role yesterday in Wilmington, Del., said that the company had ''momentum'' in every one of its operating regions around the world.
Kodak's consumer cameras are doing well now because they are easy to use, but they won't be blockbusters in terms of profits or longevity.
Amazon.com, the online retailer, is expanding a program designed to allow independent sellers to use its network of distribution centers to store and ship their products, according to Jeffrey P. Bezos, Amazon's founder and chief executive.
DuPont is working with the Energy Department to turn corn plants -- the husks, the ears, the stems, everything -- into vehicular fuel.
Excluding those gains, Yahoo earned 15 cents a share in the recent quarter, beating analysts' estimates of 14 cents.
The I.B.M.
Some authority executives feared the turnabout would become a nightmare for the authority, because Vornado's absence could drive down the sale price, or at least weaken the agency's bargaining position.
''We are pleased with this agreement,'' said Deva Rachman, an Exxon Mobil spokeswoman in Jakarta.
A distribution deal with the Walt Disney Company and sleeker, higher-capacity video iPods are part of the consensus among those who handicap Apple product announcements.
Microsoft has traditionally kept tight control over its programming languages and systems.
He was the president of the United States when Corning last failed to pay a dividend to its common shareholders.
But the Intel lawyers and executives told the commission that withholding the information was not an antitrust violation because Intel is not in competition with Intergraph -- or with the Digital division that makes PC's.
NDB, online broker, is cut off for more than an hour because of what it says was attack by computer vandals that was similar to those against several prominent Web sites earlier this month; Microsoft Corp says it came under attack this week (M)
Express Scripts, based in Maryland Heights, Mo., is hoping that this ''ticking fee'' will appease Caremark shareholders, who would have to wait several months for a deal to close.
But the ante was raised last week when two Citigroup executives, including the co-chief executive, John S. Reed, resigned from Visa's board after the association failed to meet Citigroup's demand that the ''Citi'' brand name be more heavily promoted on television commercials and on the cards.
But Comcast executives insist that Wednesday's bid, which would give 0.78 of a share for each Disney share, was its best offer.
Then I returned home and ordered two skirts, including the Nike Dry Skirt in white.
''We don't take real estate on our home page and sell it,'' said Mary Morouse, Amazon's vice president for purchasing.
He said Citigroup's Brazilian credit card business had been experiencing some problems, however.
As part of it, Mr. Immelt said that General Electric would double its research budget for energy and environmental technologies to $1.5 billion and that such products were expected to bring in revenues of $20 billion by the year 2010, compared with $10 billion last year.
Last year, Valero's revenue rose to nearly $55 billion, up 44 percent from the previous year, with net income tripling to $1.8 billion -- more than Exxon Mobil earned from its refining business in the United States.
About three months ago, Time Warner ended a period of exclusive talks about merging its music division with Bertelsmann's in favor of a sale to EMI.
Analysts and investors say Citigroup chief executive Sanford I Weill's decision to promote Charles O Prince III, his former chief legal counsel to run Citigroup's investment bank Salomon Smith Barney, shows Weill wants to rid bank of legal and regulatory problems confronting it; latest executive shuffle at Citigroup also leads to inevitable speculation that Weill is once again hinting at possible successor when he retires; photo (M)
Is the Verizon premium fading?
''Our relationship with Microsoft has been getting better and better,'' Steven Jobs, Apple's co-founder and chief executive, told the assembled thousands.
's commercial property was being misappropriated by Motorola and Sports Team Analysis and Tracking Systems, known as Stats Inc.
The Microsoft Corporation will announce on Tuesday that it will begin selling the long-awaited version of its Windows 98 operating system on June 25.
Mr. Hammer then admitted to going to Starbucks about once a week and he then had some comments about the Kudo Beans logo (too heavy on the color brown) and the name of the company.
THE MICROSOFT CORPORATION does not go softly into hardware.
To win the deal, Microsoft offered to give America Online a start-up icon on the Windows desktop -- precisely the kind of equal treatment on the main Windows screen that Mr. Case had asked the Justice Department to require of Microsoft.
More than 100,000 software programmers have downloaded Microsoft's free software developers' kit for building speech applications on its Windows .Net technology.
Microsoft started the legal spat.
While the share prices of acquiring companies typically fall when mergers are announced, at least some of yesterday's decline might indicate concern that AT&T paid too much for BellSouth.
The letter from Microsoft to PC makers spelling out those terms was not sent until ''late July,'' he said.
Public Eye column on locked-in design standards that control our lives; examines current antitrust suit against Microsoft Corp, whose Windows software comes with 9 out of 10 personal computers sold and, like Qwerty typewriter keyboard, has become industry's standard; photo (M)
Kodak also held losses in its portfolio of digital products to $28 million, well below its $46 million first-quarter loss.
The General Motors Corporation, which today reported higher February sales, finally appears to be rebounding from last summer's strike and joining its rivals in the robust auto market.
He considered AT&T, but he said that he received no response to messages he left on its answering service.
ATI Technologies signs contract with Microsoft to produce components for future versions of Xbox game console, beating out market leader, Nvidia (S)
This is one area where Microsoft has been a leader, and Internet Explorer offers an extensive system for cookie management.
Dozens of investors have filed lawsuits against companies that had hot initial public offering--from Ariba to PlanetRx.com--and blue-chip securities firms like Merrill Lynch, Credit Suisse First Boston and Morgan Stanley that brought them to public; suits follow broad investigation by securities regulators and prosecutors into initial-public-offering machine of late 90's, which had power to turn business idea from virtually nothing into publicly traded company with new millionaires at its helm; central accusation is that underwriters extracted promises from investment firms to buy shares of new stocks at higher prices than offering in exchange for larger allocation of initial public offerings; graphs; photos (M)
Judge Ronald M. Whyte of United States District Court in San Jose, Calif., told Microsoft it could no longer ship the incompatible software and gave the company 90 days to comply with his order.
''Ya-Qin is a certifiable smart guy by any measure,'' said Curtis R. Carlson, the chief executive for SRI International of Menlo Park, Calif., the consulting firm for which Mr. Zhang worked as a researcher, at Sarnoff Labs, before joining Microsoft.
He said Medco's five-year contract with Merck, disclosed in its government filings, was problematical for its future business.
Boeing's C-17 operation, which initiated the improvement when it was part of McDonnell Douglas, recently won the Commerce Department's Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award.
It is not being offered as part of Comcast's bundle of services, and Comcast will not handle billing for RealNetworks.
Red Hat names chief executive Matthew Szulik to additional post of chairman, replacing Bob Young, founder of company; Young will remain director (S)
Viacom and CBS, other analysts noted, are following the lead of earlier deals like Disney's purchase of Capital Cities/ABC Inc. in 1995, and Time Warner's acquisition of Turner Broadcasting, also in 1995.
Several years ago, before the ascent of the Internet, Microsoft, TCI and Time Warner came close to forming a corporation, Cablesoft, that was to have developed software for the interactive cable systems then considered the wave of the future.
''There is no question, our new structure will increase accountability, will reduce bottlenecks and speed decision-making,'' Terry S. Semel, Yahoo's chairman and chief executive, said in an interview.
The total does not include approximately $125 million that Citigroup has thus far agreed to lend Enron as part of debtor-in-possession financing, a type of loan made to companies once they have filed for bankruptcy protection.
MBNA, the second-biggest issuer of credit cards in America behind Citigroup, is expected to announce before its annual shareholders meeting on Monday that it has appointed Mary M. Boies and Laura S. Unger to its board.
Which is not to say that Visa, American Express and Mastercard are stepping lightly into the electronic frontier.
State Street Corp will buy Investors Financial Services Corp in $4.5 billion stock deal that highlights accelerating pace of consolidation in securities processing business; State Street chief executive Ronald E Logue estimates about 1,700 jobs will be eliminated over next 18 months (M)
Microsoft's lawyers are hoping for a big win, forcing the new leadership at the Justice Department and 19 state attorneys general to a beat hasty retreat or accept a  settlement less painful for the company.
''Yahoo had grown like a wild weed, but it needed to be trimmed and focused,'' said Christopher Lien, chief executive of Marin Software, which makes technology products for search advertisers.
The move would also strengthen Johnson & Johnson's position in the huge market for stents, tiny metal-mesh cylinders that prop open blood vessels after doctors have cleared out blockages.
The Boeing Company said today that it would phase out two of the four lines of civilian jets it inherited when it acquired the McDonnell Douglas Corporation and that it was still uncertain about the long-term future of a third.
Lawyers for the commission had asked an administrative law judge to order Intel to end its practice of withholding valuable technology from computer manufacturers as a weapon in patent disputes with those companies.
The decision of the District of Columbia Circuit in question is United States v. Microsoft Corporation (''Microsoft II'') which is itself related to an earlier decision of the same circuit, United States v. Microsoft Corporation (''Microsoft I'').
Apple Computer Inc., still trying to find the comeback trail, will reach a crucial milestone on Tuesday, when the company demonstrates an early version of the new operating system software on which Apple is staking its future.
In the view of one executive close to Time Warner's deliberations, a year of regulatory delays that ended up with all the big companies on a level playing field would be beneficial, if the industry's economic outlook improved next year.
Boeing Tests Effort to Curb Volatility In Fuel Tanks
Interpublic is ''on the road to recovery,'' said Alexia Quadrani, the advertising analyst for Bear Stearns & Company, but ''only time will tell whether the gap between Interpublic and its peers can be closed.''
The most successful stocks of the early 1970's, which became known as the Nifty 50, were growth stocks like Avon and Xerox that many investors believed would keep growing for decades.
''I think the odds are higher with us than with General Dynamics.''
The deal does not formally require Mexico to use the 50,000 discounted copies of Microsoft Windows and Office software.
In 1997, Microsoft invested $1 billion in Comcast, now the nation's largest cable television operator.
Technology Briefing
AMERICAN ADDS LOUNGE IN DALLAS -- American Airlines opened its fourth Admirals Club lounge at Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport on Saturday.
Sherman Act violations can be prosecuted as felonies or litigated in civil suits, as in the case the Justice Department and 19 states brought against Microsoft.
Microsoft insists that the Internet business is still quite new and that America Online's lead is by no means insurmoutable.
Some I.B.M.
Procter & Gamble reaches agreement to acquire Gillette Co for about $57 billion in stock; merger, subject to approval by regulators, would create consumer-products powerhouse, combining some of world's best-known brands; combined company would have sales of more than $60 billion a year; boards of both companies have approved merger; move is bid by two venerable consumer-products giants to strengthen their bargaining position with giant discount retailers which can now squeeze even largest suppliers for lower prices; both companies have faced growing pressure on profits from private labels as consumers become more price-conscious and less brand-conscious; regulators are expected to look closely at merger and could force Procter to divest itself of some businesses that overlap with Gillette's; chart with information on both companies (L)
On his immediate horizon, Mr. Stonecipher must quickly clean up the mess resulting from questions surrounding the award of a Pentagon contract to Boeing for 100 tanker planes.
Dr. Allgood said the partnership with Coke would help that technology reach more consumers.
It was the company's Indian design center that made a central contribution to the chip Texas Instruments announced the development of this month.
Wal-Mart Is Going Upscale.
In the United States, Apple, the leading maker of PC's in the 1995 quarter, with a 13.2 percent share, fell to fourth place with 7.3 percent, behind Compaq, I.B.M.
It is unclear, the brokers said, whether Bank of America will make a deal.
Microsoft said its motion would be framed by a Federal appeals court ruling in June that struck down an earlier preliminary injunction issued by Judge Jackson requiring Microsoft to offer Windows without its  browser.
Many Koreans have never heard of Wal-Mart.
In a conference call with journalists yesterday, McDonald's and DreamWorks executives said that one example of the collaboration might be Shrek and Ronald McDonald appearing in commercials to sell McDonald's products.
But it also saves storage space on the drive by using programs commonly found on host computers, like Internet Explorer and Microsoft Office, and superimposing your personal settings.
All three sites will be available by clicking on either Amazon.com or Sothebys.com.
Bradford L. Smith, Microsoft's general counsel, called the commission's move unjustified.
Microsoft and Yahoo, AOL's two big rivals, also announced yesterday that they would link their instant-messaging services, a move that appeared to intensify Time Warner's need to show that it is taking action, Mr. Nathanson said.
In its most recent letter to Pfizer, on Aug. 12, the agency said that an advertisement in Time, Reader's Digest, Good Housekeeping and other magazines was misleading because it falsely suggested that Lipitor was safer than other statin drugs used to lower cholesterol.
The online retailer Amazon.com has introduced a feature that lets users search for specific words or phrases in a database of the texts of 120,000 books, drawing skepticism from an authors' group.
Nike Spot Wins An Emmy Award
In court today, a Microsoft lawyer, Michael Lacovara, opened his cross-examination of Mr. Fisher with more than an hour of detailed challenges to the methodology Mr. Fisher used to determine the market shares of competing Web browsers.
He noted that the breadth of I.B.M.
Research findings on male and female sex drive and arousal help explain why drug companies, like Pfizer, have struggled to develop female Viagra, impotence drug; Dr Stephan Hamann, psychology professor and lead author of MRI study of men's and women's brains recently published in Nature Neuroscience, finds amygdala could be link between visual sexual stimulus and sexual pleasure; Northwestern University researcher Dr Meredith Chivers led study of visual stimulus and found that woman are visually aroused as easily as men, but do not recognize physical excitement; both studies support idea that sexual desire for women is complex physical and emotional mix and treating physical dysfunction alone will not work for most women experiencing difficulty with intimacy; photo (L)
Mark D'Arcy was named chief creative officer at the Time Warner Global Marketing Group, New York, a new post created as part of a reorganization at the Time Warner unit.
By offering products like flat-panel televisions, cellphones and MP3 players at several prices -- including a $3,000 plasma-screen TV -- Wal-Mart has tripled sales in some stores, proving that consumers will buy upscale products at the chain.
And Apple has got to be envious of Dell's business model.
The Justice Department said it would use as its starting point the temporary package of conduct remedies in the final judgment of Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson, who was removed from the case by the appeals court for his negative comments about Microsoft to reporters.
A spokeswoman for Boeing, Yvonne Leach, said the problems were isolated and had been corrected in the factories.
In a statement issued yesterday afternoon, after trading in Apple shares was halted, the company said that while it was searching for a new chief executive, ''Apple's co-founder and strategic adviser, Steve Jobs, will assume an expanded role as a key adviser to Apple's board and executive management team.''
In June 1996, Compaq wanted not only to load the more popular Netscape browser on its machines but also to remove the icon for Microsoft's Internet Explorer, which was delivered to the computer maker with Windows 95.
Despite the current problems, Mr. Galvin expressed Motorola's corporate confidence in the long-term attractiveness of Asia as a region in which to do business.
Morgan Stanley has been retained to assist in the possible sale of Seventeen.
Indeed the last Microsoft appeal in the case split one panel 2 to 1.
An Angolan government official is expected to disclose on Thursday that the country is receiving $300 million from ChevronTexaco at a deal-signing ceremony in Washington with the company's chief executive, David J. O'Reilly, three executives with knowledge of the agreement said.
Hasbro Inc is expanding its relationships with two roster agencies by awarding them accounts of brands previously sold by Galoob Toys Inc, which Hasbro acquired last year; Micro Machines account is reassigned to Grey Advertising from Towne, Silverstein, Rotter; Proud Puppies is reassigned to Jordan McGrath Case & Partners, also from Towne, Silverstein (S)
But even though Citigroup's exposure to Enron is far smaller than J. P. Morgan's, it has been, until yesterday, far less forthcoming than J. P. Morgan about describing what it is owed by Enron.
Federal regulators issue reminder of risks changes in the laws that separate banks and brokerage firms may pose for consumers as Congress prepares to vote this week on sweeping overhaul of regulations covering both industries; officials led by Arthur Levitt Jr, chairman of Securities and Exchange Commission, announce that Nationsbank, one of country's largest financial institutions, has agreed to pay almost $7 million to settle charges that it misled customers who bought two bond funds in 1993 and 1994; Nationsbank started securities business in 1993 with firm now known as Morgan Stanley Dean Witter; Levitt says bank deliberately blurred distinction between its employees and stockbrokers to capitalize on belief that banks are more trustworthy than brokers; Nationsbank agrees to pay fines without admitting or denying regulators' allegations; photo (L)
AT&T officials said that they had no interest in buying the consumer base, which meant that most NorthPoint customers soon lost their Internet access.
The key, these people said, is that Morgan Stanley will offer a broad array of pricing options that gives brokers more discretion in how much they charge each customer.
Donald S. MacNaughton, an insurance and health care executive who, from the late 1960's to the mid-1980's, ran two of the nation's biggest companies -- first the Prudential Insurance Company of America and then the Hospital Corporation of America -- died on Sunday in a hospital in Greenwich, Conn.
But how long can Comcast continue winning by default?
While 12 of Intel's 16 factories are in the United States, 75 percent of its sales are outside the country.
Washington Mutual stops running advertising spot that shows actors playing bankers poised atop building as if about to jump; commercial by Leo Burnett is among four spots that had suicide as central point in their humorous or lighthearted narratives; other two commercials with suicide themes that have been withdrawn were four General Motors and Volkswagen of America; fourth commercial was created by Cramer-Krasselt for CareerBuilders; suicide prevention organizations have criticized ads; photos (L)
Morgan Stanley agreed yesterday to pay $54 million to settle a sex discrimination case rather than stand trial on the federal government's accusation that it denied equal pay and promotions to women in a division of its investment bank.
Microsoft Corp and Justice Department ask Federal Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly to bar Software Information Industry Association and Computer and Communication Industry Association from appealing settlement of long-running Microsoft antitrust case, which she approved in November (S)
Suffice to say that the A380 is really, really big, even in comparison with the current jumbo of the sky, the Boeing 747, first introduced in the 1970's.
The patent that the court invalidated had a shorter duration, expiring in July 2010, so Pfizer's exclusive right to sell Lipitor in Britain will stay intact until November 2011.
Representatives for the commission and Microsoft both declined to comment on possible remedies or on the state of negotiations.
European regulators are considering approving the proposed $20 billion combination of the music division of Time Warner Inc. and the EMI Group into a joint venture, a development that would remove the last major barrier in Europe to the acquisition of Time Warner by America Online.
Wal-Mart Casts Eye Northward; Retailer Pushes Expansion, Squeezing Regional Chains
AT&T owns 9 percent of America Móvil.
The other three companies are investing a total of $85 million in cash and $18 million in software and services from Oracle, he said.
The issue has huge implications for Microsoft's new operating system, Windows XP, which will begin appearing in computers next month.
That's not what Amazon had in mind when it began offering wish lists several years ago.
The Walt Disney Company announced quarterly financial results yesterday that modestly exceeded analysts' expectations.
For one thing, two other companies, the Andrx Corporation and Genpharm, a unit of Merck of Germany, have 180-day exclusivity rights to market generic omeprazole, which they received from the Food and Drug Administration by being the first to file to make the drug.
Aon May Settle Today In Incentive Payment Case
Red Hat is based in Raleigh, N.C.
Asked how it feels to work for a man who dismissed Viacom's chief executive after one bad year, Mr. Moonves laughed.
Although analysts think the immediate impact of the suit on Intel's financial results will be inconsequential, they fear a more subtle effect.
With about 40 percent of its business in cereals, Kellogg has been particularly hard hit as consumers have moved away from traditional sit-down meals in favor of convenience foods like breakfast bars.
Sun, a major producer of software and hardware, plans to announce an ambitious effort for the wireless Internet -- a market in which Sun's Java programming language is already widely used and Microsoft's .Net is barely an also-ran.
Intel, the world's largest microchip manufacturer, said yesterday that it had encountered few signs of economic recovery in the second quarter and that it expected weaker than normal seasonal improvement in demand the rest of the year.
A separate discrimination lawsuit filed by four black employees at Coke, spearheaded by Johnnie L. Cochran Jr. and Willie E. Gary, a Florida lawyer who specializes in personal-injury cases, is under way in a Georgia state court.
If and when that happens, Yahoo advertisers could theoretically bid not just to have their ads appear when someone types ''mortgage refinancing'' into a search box, but also to have their ad displayed only to people with household incomes of over $100,000 who have recently visited, say, the mortgage section of Yahoo's finance site.
Microsoft also deliberately designed its Java development tools so that developers who were opting for portability over performance would nevertheless unwittingly write Java applications that would run only on Windows.
Merck did not say how much it expected to get for Medco, but analysts speculated that it could sell for anywhere from $6 billion to $15 billion.
More than 20 states have introduced such legislation this year, and even though few of the bills have a serious chance of becoming law, according to state leaders, their very existence underscores how big a political problem health care has become for Wal-Mart.
Sometime next week, the jury will reach a verdict in the historic case of Pickett v. Tyson/IBP, marking a temporary end to eight years of legal wrangling between the plaintiffs -- some 30,000 cattle producers -- and the giant meatpacker IBP, which is now owned by Tyson Foods.
''For us it's great because the decision to buy an iPod is reinforced when consumers see all the accessories,'' said Greg Joswiak, Apple's vice president for worldwide iPod marketing.
The evidence at trial did not establish, and the Court did not find, a clear causal link between the conduct held to be anticompetitive and Microsoft's current market position.
Technology Briefing
Boeing's contract with Teledesic would have been worth $9 billion, but much of that money would have gone to subcontractors hired by Boeing to complete specialized parts of the project.
Like Verizon, Cingular is also marketing wireless data cards to business users that circumvent traditional Wi-Fi hot spots.
and Motorola, according to Dataquest, the market researchers.
But Microsoft's pattern has been to wait for others to pioneer a computer application and then to put out its own program.
That question too will be addressed this week, with Microsoft arguing that appointing a three-person technical committee to oversee the company's compliance is the best approach.
In a separate issue, Microsoft has yielded to pressure from Kodak to make it easier for computer users to choose different digital photography services besides Microsoft's.
Microsoft plans to appeal Judge Jackson's ruling and insists that it will win the case on appeal.
On the ''CBS Evening News'' last night, Mr. Rather's successor as interim anchor, Bob Schieffer, introduced a four-minute retrospective of Mr. Rather's career.
Material dictated into the program can be easily transferred into popular Mac word-processing programs like AppleWorks and Microsoft Word.
Apple Corps's appeal of that ruling was scheduled for this month.
In its first packaging face lift since 1994, Coca-Cola has juggled the visual elements of its logo, which some studies have shown to be the world's most recognized brand.
Yet, however extreme Microsoft's approach -- and however unlikely an advocate of open systems the company may be -- the walls that divided instant-message users are tumbling down.
STUNG by the depiction of its chairman and chief executive as Pinocchio in an advertisement, the Ford Motor Company has sent a cease-and-desist letter to an environmental group responsible for the ad.
ImClone Systems and its partner, Bristol-Myers Squibb, which are both based in New York, have stumbled repeatedly in trying to get the drug approved to treat colorectal cancer.
IBM says it expects to sell $16 billion worth of disk drives and other components to rival Dell Computer Corp; seven-year deal promises discounts for Dell associated with large contracts, and it allows Dell earlier window into IBM's research efforts; Dell conducts little research on its own; Dell senior vice president Michael D Lambert comments; selling part was small business for IBM seven years ago; sales have grown rapidly and Dell's deal promises to continue that trend; graph (M)
Among other things, they questioned whether it would protect against intruders breaking in and switching the setting, even though Intel says that is not possible.
Cisco Systems added to that concern late Friday when it said it would cut as much as 11 percent of its full-time work force.
The brief also quotes from a 1996 book ''Microsoft Secrets'' by Michael A. Cusumano and Richard W. Shelby, saying, ''Bill Gates insisted to us that Microsoft's 'dominant organizational theme is by products,' '' adding that Mr. Gates wanted ''product architectures that reduce interdependencies among teams.''
Similar bonds in Camden and Mercer Counties were downgraded last month, said Charles E. Emrich, an analyst at Moody's.
He values the broad computer industry compatibility that Microsoft's Windows operating systems has created.
At first glance, Western Digital's Passport Pocket U.S.B.
Citigroup made its investment in Brasil Telecom through Opportunity.
When asked, the marketers told Yahoo's investigator that they bought the addresses from Golddisk, through an intermediary.
Flash memory accounts for more than 40 percent of Advanced Micro's overall sales but only 7 percent of Intel's.
Richard Whittington, an analyst with Caris & Company, called Intel's performance during the quarter middling, but said that the company still had a six- to nine-month window to improve its product line without jeopardizing its position as market leader.
The proxy statement said that Molson's special committee of independent shareholders had received indications from Ian Molson that he was working with other investors to make a cash bid for the company.
But if Microsoft succeeds not through unfair advantages but by offering the best product for the best price, then modern antitrust policy is working as it should.
Under the civil agreement, Lockheed Martin will be allowed to use $5 million of its fine to install computer systems that would give the American government access to all of its foreign space and missile deals.
For Kodak, the acquisition comes none too soon.
Under cross-examination by Gerry Lowry, a lawyer for Merck, Ms. Sherrill said that Ms. Ernst still enjoyed playing with her grandchildren and had a close relationship with her children.
The Boeing operations that will share in the $4.5 million are in Philadelphia; Huntsville, Ala.; Tulsa, Okla.; Wichita, Kan.; Long Beach, Calif.; Mesa, Ariz.; Stennis Miss., and Kingsville, Tex.
To deal with bloated dealer inventories, General Motors cut North American production by 13 percent, to 1.36 million cars and light trucks.
This month, Legg Mason completed an asset swap with Citigroup that gave it control of Citigroup's $400 billion investment division, while Citigroup took over Legg Mason's small team of 1,400 brokers.
research staff at the Almaden center, referring to the Xerox team's efforts.
Even so, Mr. Sinofsky added that Microsoft was ''investigating possibilities.''
The eBay case is similar to a recent patent case again Research In Motion., the maker of the BlackBerry wireless device.
The News Corporation's effort to create its own portal to compete with Yahoo and others, a site called iGuide, was a multimillion-dollar failure.
I.B.M.
General Motors said Thursday that it would add a version of the Opel Astra, its best-selling compact car in Europe, to its Saturn lineup next year.
But as far back as 2001, Merck officials had evidence, based on the company's own research, that this might not be true for potentially hundreds of thousands of Vioxx users -- those, mostly middle-aged and older, who regularly took low doses of aspirin, not for pain, but to reduce their risk of heart attack or stroke.
Since Citigroup took Travelers Property off the public market, it has taken out $1.8 billion in dividends and plans to take out $1 billion more before it sells the company.
The drug maker Bristol-Myers Squibb is expected to agree to pay nearly $300 million to end a Justice Department criminal investigation of its accounting practices, according to people briefed on the prospective settlement.
THE MARKETS: Market Place -- Putting Extra Fizz Into Profits; Critics Say Coca-Cola Dumps Debt on Spinoff
Indeed, Ms. Trigiani's appeal, perfected in earlier novels like ''Big Stone Gap,'' seems to be a striking reticence.
Although the company's per-share earnings were a factor in determining the size of his bonus, FirstEnergy will not reclaim any of his pay because its earnings are being restated lower, a spokeswoman, Kristen Baird, said.
Kellogg to Scale Back Hometown Operations
I.B.M.
Far from being chastened by its setbacks, Wal-Mart is forging ahead with an aggressive program of foreign acquisitions.
As he now begins preparing a schedule for the final phase of the case in his courtroom, today's decision could be used to justify anything from imposing tough new restrictions on Microsoft executives to breaking up the company into several pieces, as several of the attorneys general representing states have advocated.
''Our strategy is simple,'' said James Allchin, a Microsoft senior vice president.
Utility Workers of America, union representing 9,200 workers at Consolidated Edison, warns that there is strong chance of strike on June 25 because two sides remain 'miles apart' (M)
While Sony and Nintendo have their work cut out for them in generating excitement around their new machines, Microsoft has the easier task of merely demonstratingmomentum.
For the quarter ended June 30, Procter said that it earned $516 million, or 36 cents a share, compared with $414 million, or 29 cents a share, in the period a year earlier.
In a sign of the effect of recent accounting questions at other companies, Cisco said today that it would abandon a synthetic lease that had moved some of the company's exposure to real estate off its balance sheet.
Indeed, at the recent Macworld conference, Apple demonstrated that it wanted more of this lucrative field.
The flamboyant Mr. Quattrone had promised two years ago that with his considerable talents and the German bank's capital, DMG Technology would become the pre-eminent technology bank, knocking both Morgan Stanley and Goldman, Sachs & Company out of their top spots as merger advisers and bankers for soon-to-be-public companies.
AT&T Corp says revenue at its consumer unit fell by 18.3 percent in fourth quarter, to $3.47 billion from about $4.25 billion year earlier; reports overall revenue of $12.59 billion, down about 9.5 percent from $13.91 billion year earlier; chief executive Charles H Noski comments; AOL Time Warner reports loss of $1.8 billion compared with loss of $1.1 billion year earlier (Market Place column) (M)
The ads, running in Omaha and Tucson, underscore Wal-Mart's transformation over the last several years from an insular company obsessed with low prices and technological efficiency to one that openly acknowledges its public relations troubles and has introduced numerous programs to counter them.
Shares of Wal-Mart rose 16 cents, to $52.36.
He challenged the practices, thereby angering Xerox executives.
An analyst with the Yankee Group, Roger Entner, said he suspected the real reason for Verizon's reluctance was that it wanted to avoid additional state regulation, like rules relating to consumer privacy, that could be invoked by the development of a phone directory.
Major corporations, including General Motors Corp, Delta Air Lines, Nextel Communications and Sears, Roebuck, are hiring outside consultants from public relations firms to convey new management strategies to employees; photos (M)
When a Delta 3 rocket made by the Boeing Company exploded shortly after takeoff last Wednesday night from Cape Canaveral, Fla., it was a setback not only for Boeing, but also for Hughes Electronics, which made the advanced communications satellite on board, and for the Panamsat Corporation, which intended to use the satellite.
Indeed, the lack of true memory protection was one reason that Apple apparently backed away from its own homegrown Copland operating system software.
Among other things, she said, Wal-Mart now cares less whether its foreign stores carry the name derived from its founder, Sam Walton, as the German Wal-Marts do.
Wide-ranging $600 million reconstruction contract, which will be awarded by US Agency for International Development, that will cover early works on rebuilding Iraq's essential infrastructure has not been awarded; Bechtel Group and Fluor Corp have been mentioned as finalists; Congressional Democrats are questioning how contracts are being awarded; Reps Henry A Waxman and John D Dingell ask General Accounting Office to investigate whether Halliburton Corp has received special treatment from Bush administration over past two years in awarding Defense Department contracts, including open-ended contract to extinguish oil well fires in southern Iraq; note Vice Pres Dick Cheney served as chief executive of Halliburton from 1995 until 2000 and is still eligible for some deferred compensation from company; also ask GAO to investigate how aid agency and Pentagon have handled bidding process so far; other companies that have received contracts in postwar Iraq include Fluor, Washington Group International and Parini Corp; Raytheon Corp and Kellogg, Brown & Root unit of Halliburton have received $30 million contract from Defense Threat Reduction Agency to dismantle and neutralize any chemical or nuclear weapons found in region; photo (M)
Wal-Mart originally planned to announce the new benefit rules later this year, but it rushed the news out this week before the governors' meeting in Washington.
Cisco is undertaking the review for several reasons, said Jere King, vice president for worldwide marketing communications at Cisco in San Jose, Calif., including the changing technology market and the arrival of a new chief marketing officer.
''Coca-Cola Classic has held its own through the 90's,'' said Gary Hemphill, vice president at the Beverage Marketing Corporation, a research, data and consulting company in New York.
But recently, Microsoft has shifted from efforts to become a media company.
Morgan Stanley as well as Merrill Lynch and Smith Barney decided not to go public with their track records of hiring, paying and promoting women in discrimination lawsuits because their figures would have been hard to defend; figures show Wall Street is still dominated by white men who fill bulk of most of powerful and highest-paying jobs in industry; Equal Employment Opportunity Commission data show men made up more than two-thirds of officials and manages in securities industry in 2002, even higher than ratio in other industries; Securities Industry Association says more than half of all employees in securities industry are white men but white men fill about four out of five executive management positions and make up more than 70 percent of investment bankers, traders and brokers; chart; photo (Market Place column) (M)
That is double the percentage of a year ago, said Rich Miller, the American Express vice president for corporate global interactive services.
Arthur Andersen, which the complaint contends played a central role in allowing the accounting fraud to continue, paid a $7 million fine last year and accepted an injunction against future misdeeds as part of a settlement of its role in the Waste Management case.
The commission said the company had manipulated earnings from 1997 to 1999 through ''channel stuffing'' by offering generous credit terms at the ends of quarters to persuade Japanese distributors to buy more Coca-Cola concentrate than they needed, thus raising earnings.
Researchers at American Heart Association meeting, Chicago, say Argentine study found regular phone calls from nurses to heart-failure patients at home prevented many from having to be readmitted to hospital and cut cost of care; say creating similar simple programs for large numbers of patients in many countries could relieve much suffering at low cost; another study finds clopidogrel (Plavix), anticlotting drug used in performing angioplasty to open narrowed arteries, achieves better results when prescribed for year, with aspirin, than for four weeks after procedure; study, funded by drug makers Bristol-Myers Squibb and Sanofi-Synthelabo, provides first direct evidence that combination of two drugs is much stronger than either alone (M)
The appointment of Mr. Breen, who was seen by many as the heir apparent at Motorola, is the centerpiece of a plan by Tyco and its board to restore investor confidence.
First, AOL shares are a security that AT&T knows it could sell at any time, while it could take until next summer for a Time Warner Cable offering to reach the market.
United Technologies Corp is cutting its worldwide work force by 14,500 jobs, or about 10 percent of its 142,500 employees, as it wrestles with continuing decline in aerospace portion of its business; job cuts, which add 9,200 to 5,300 announced earlier this year, are part of revamping that will result in $1.15 billion charge against earnings in 1999 and eliminate 8.5 million square feet of factory and office space; chief executive George David comments (M)
Some of the cases recounted here figure prominently in the suit brought by the Justice Department and 20 states, scheduled to go to trial later this month, charging that Microsoft at times went too far -- and violated antitrust laws.
Assisting Morgan Stanley in drawing up the agreement was Adam D. Chinn, a well-known compensation expert at Wachtell Lipton Rosen & Katz.
Apple's shares rose $2.63 in after-hours trading, after climbing $1.46, to $39.75, in regular trading.
While Goldman, Sachs was traditionally Corning's lead banker, it falls to third on the cover of this deal's prospectus.
The deal opens a new chapter in the troubled life of Boo.com, which was originally backed by the French luxury-goods magnate Bernard Arnault, the Benetton family of Italy, J. P. Morgan and Goldman Sachs, among others.
''Both sides had to confront the valuation disparity between media companies and Internet companies,'' said Jeffrey Sine, a media investment banker at Morgan Stanley Dean Witter, which is a long-time adviser to Time Warner.
Floyd Norris comment on financial problems at Corning Inc that led to elimination of its dividend, closing of manufacturing plant that opened last year, another that was under construction and layoffs of people hired last year; says Corning will survive; holds even as it was making ill-considered bets on fiber optics industry, it was protecting itself financially; says rather than repurchase its own stock with borrowed money it issued stock to finance its acquisitions; says Corning has $1 billion in cash and ample bank lines; graph (M)
For AT&T, which dropped production of its EO earlier this year, and stands to benefit if the industry embraces Telescript software and the PersonaLink network, the Sony relationship could prove valuable.
Fred Goldberg, 59, chairman and chief executive at Goldberg Moser, becomes chairman at GMO/Hill, Holliday as part of his plans, Interpublic said, to reduce his day-to-day involvement with the business by the end of the year.
The lawsuit has been certified a class action, covering about 130,000 I.B.M.
Oracle faces a deadline of next Thursday to submit its slate of nominees.
Microsoft bundles its digital media software with its Windows operating system, a monopoly product running on about 95 percent of all personal computers.
Lincoln, a division of the Ford Motor Company, is pinning its hopes on the Lincoln LS, which Detroit has nicknamed the Baby Lincoln.
Still, he said, Time Warner had no choice but to do what it did.
At the moment, Wal-Mart is the favorite, at seven to four, because of its deep pockets and willingness to pay cash.
In a telephone interview after the earnings report, Meg Whitman, eBay's chief executive, said that over the last two years, many eBay sellers had shifted from the traditional auction format to a store format.
Meanwhile, they said, AT&T was asking for more money as it sought to hammer out a contract.
A spoonful of carrots from Evie's Organic Edibles, available at Fairway and Whole Foods, delivers a gingery zing.
Microsoft Has Quietly Shelved Its Internet 'Persona' Service
NEWS WATCH: ACCESSORIES  Correction:  February 5, 2004, Thursday  A brief report in Circuits on Jan. 22 about the iTalk, an accessory for the Apple iPod that can be used to make voice recordings, overstated its compatibility with iPod models.
Upon making its offer, Pfizer immediately filed a lawsuit in Delaware, where most big companies are incorporated, contesting the $2 billion breakup fee.
AT&T's rivals, MCI and Sprint, also have programs to provide Internet access, but their offerings are not as ambitious as the one AT&T aimed directly at mainstream America yesterday.
Moody's helped start a sell-off in the so-called tobacco bond market on Tuesday after it reduced the credit rating for Altria, the parent of Philip Morris, two notches, to Baa1, and cut the credit ratings on $18 billion of existing tobacco bonds.
U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray.
Looking to validate that contract with the Tampa station, Time Warner filed suit in Florida state court earlier this month.
''The royalty-free patent issue is crucial because the companies with huge software patent portfolios, especially Microsoft and I.B.M., have huge tolls booths on the Internet that can limit the spread of open-source software,'' Mr. Perens observed.
''Netscape was acquired because it had been damaged by Microsoft's campaign,'' the Government stated.
Microsoft releases mini-upgrade of its Windows Media Player 7 that includes some holiday-theme material and a software tool for converting MP3 audio files to Windows Media Audio format; photo (S)
VS. MICROSOFT
Neither Johnson & Johnson nor Boston Scientific sells defibrillators or pacemakers, but both have expressed an eagerness to enter the market as a way of driving growth, especially as other product lines begin to slow.
Viacom, the parent of networks like MTV and Comedy Central, which produce the types of programs that are ideal for watching on the Web, said yesterday that it had reached a deal with the Silicon Valley start-up Joost to distribute video online.
As Western Digital knocked Maxtor from its perch as the best seller in the consumer market, Maxtor and its new parent company, Seagate, took action.
With Verizon's traditional local telephone business shrinking, Mr. Seidenberg sees cutting costs as vital to Verizon's long-term health, while Mr. Bahr sees unionizing the steadily growing wireless operation as pivotal to his union's long-term health.
In a conference call with investors, Ms. Decker said that Yahoo planned to rebuild its business of selling advertising for other sites, both text ads related to Web searches and graphic banner ads.
The announcement from Electronic Arts, the largest independent game publisher, came less than a week after Activision, a competitor, also reported unexpectedly weak holiday sales.
NCR, which now has A.T.& T.'s old computer operations, reported earnings and revenue that were not comparable to year-ago periods.
And following the initial reports, of which were in leading United States newspapers, the district judge then begin a public speaking tour addressing issues related to the merits of the case of Microsoft and so on.
Fitch Ratings downgrades senior unsecured debt of Interpublic Group of Companies (S)
But the commercial rights to Unix, after a series of transactions, are now held by SCO, which has licensed that underlying technology to other companies, including I.B.M., Sun Microsystems and Hewlett-Packard, to develop their own flavors of Unix.
August has brought the start of judicial inspections by Ecuadorean authorities of sites that residents contend were polluted by a subsidiary of what is now ChevronTexaco.
''Taking into consideration the guidance from both First Union and Bank of America, that no longer looks to be the case.''
The original commercial was not overtly product-focused but ended with a Nike ''swoosh'' logo in the lower right corner of the screen.
One, Terence R. McGuirk, who is now executive vice president of Turner, is expected to get a new position overseeing the Turner assets within Time Warner.
Compaq, in a joint announcement with Intel, said that by 2004 all of its business computers would be designed around Intel's new processor family, known as Itanium.
The negative publicity that descended on AT&T after it announced in January that it  would eliminate 40,000 jobs was a turning point.
Now, Silicon Valley is buzzing with rumors that Mr. Gassee may soon be reunited with his former employer -- either as a business partner or through an outright acquisition of Be by Apple.
Mr. Grubman's name is not the first name associated with big dollar signs at Citigroup.
Apple switched half of its Macintosh models to Intel microprocessors in the quarter, replacing PowerPC chips supplied by I.B.M.
Two Directors of Home Depot Will Not Seek Re-election
The fact that Kodak entered a new market speaks of a change at the company, he said.
Outbidding the Prudential Insurance Company, the United Healthcare Corporation has won the huge health insurance business of the American Association of Retired Persons.
''Yes, there are finite resources in the ground, but you never get to that point,'' Jeff Hatlen, an engineer with Chevron, said on a recent tour of the field.
American International Group is being increasingly haunted by its island adventures.
In how many industries does one business disparage another by name in national television advertisements, as Visa has done with its long-running ''they don't take American Express'' campaign?
The judge is not obligated to accept Microsoft's request.
EBay says the sale of fake brand-name goods on its site exploded when it expanded to China in 2004, but rights holders have complained to eBay about the problem for years.
Coca-Cola Co introduces new embossed and indented aluminum can for its rapidly growing Sprite soft drink brand (S)
RECUSAL IN MICROSOFT CASE
Because Apple uses its own system, the songs it sells can be played only on the iPod.
A lawyer for Microsoft tried to make the case today that America Online planned to use ''all of its marketing muscle'' to promote its newly acquired product, the Netscape Navigator Web browser.
I've been with the Southern Company, through one affiliate or another, for 40 years, working my way up in operations, finance and marketing.
''Morgan Stanley is a premier firm with a great brand,'' said Richard Barrett, a former senior banker at Credit Suisse First Boston.
Despite initially trying to persuade Intel to back his project, Mr. Negroponte has chosen to use a low-power processor from Advanced Micro in his laptop, which was being exhibited here at a hotel near the conference center where the annual World Economic Forum is held.
Exxon Mobil, Chevron and the oil services firm Halliburton are active in Kazakhstan.
The expansion, being fueled by Mexico's top five automakers -- General Motors, Ford Motor, DaimlerChrysler, Nissan and Volkswagen -- stands in contrast to the plans by G.M.
In particular, they objected to exclusive contracts Boeing had signed with three United States airlines.
In a report that delighted Wall Street, the Eastman Kodak Company said yesterday that operating profits in the fourth quarter rose by 21.5 percent, spurring the company to announce its first dividend increase in eight years.
At present, the company has struck deals with 700 Internet access providers, but they are small providers, not major deliverers of e-mail like AOL, Yahoo or Hotmail.
Experts have raised concerns that fast-paced changes in both the technology and the marketplace may make the proposed remedy of splitting Microsoft both irrelevant and unnecessary.
The Australian unit of the Exxon Mobil Corporation has been fined $1 million after being found guilty in June of 11 charges in an explosion and fire at a gas plant in the southeastern state of Victoria.
Legal or not, both Morgan Stanley and the District Attorney's office regard the payment as a mistake, since the payment was likely to dissuade a jury from convicting Mr. Curry.
Vermont Nuclear Reactor Is Purchased by Entergy
But Mr. Gerstner's move was widely foreseen within the company and the computer business, as was the decision by the I.B.M.
Comcast said that about 97 percent of its customers had fiber optic connections, which help it generate about $300 a subscriber, roughly twice what AT&T receives.
After years of treating games, game players and game makers as the vaguely disreputable loons of the PC family, Microsoft is making a major strategic shift.
If Microsoft lost its trademark on Windows, what difference would it make now?
Oracle hires former Clinton administration aide Joe Lockhart as senior vice president; photo (S)
network, much like the deal Lotus signed with AT&T last year.
since 1997, will become General Motors South Africa and join G.M.
Some analysts expect General Mills to sell brands that do not fit its portfolio.
Correction:  March 24, 2001, Saturday  An article in Business Day yesterday about layoffs at the Charles Schwab Corporation referred incorrectly to a measure of the online brokerage firm's revenue-generating trades last month.
Ruffian broke down early in her match race 31 years ago against Foolish Pleasure, but the sensation of watching that on CBS was similar to seeing Barbaro shatter his ankle Saturday at the Preakness Stakes on NBC.
According to the American Express survey, 61 percent do, virtually unchanged from last year but up slightly from October 2002.
Mr. Eckert, 45, takes the position left by Jill E. Barad, who resigned in February after failing to turn around a troubled software company that Mattel bought for $3.8 billion a year ago.
Last week, for example, he spoke at industry gatherings in San Diego and Denver and he recently traveled to Europe to speak at industry events and visit Microsoft customers.
And some analysts wonder whether I.B.M.
The biggest blow came when Motorola, whose beepers account for more than 80 percent of the market, said that it would stop making one-way and some two-way pagers this summer and concentrate on messaging devices for wireless telephone networks instead.
Mr. Knight, who acknowledged that he sought the resignation of Mr. Perez, said that Mr. Perez's trouble fitting in at Nike ''led to confusion.''
Two competing visions of digital age of home entertainment are emerging: one centered on personal computer and the other on video game console; Intel Corp and Microsoft Corp hope to reshape PC into entertainment-oriented multimedia computer that will fit comfortably into family room; Microsoft is also hedging its bets by turning to IBM to develop chip for its next-generation Xbox game player; Sony Corp and Microsoft are weighing how many interactive media and digital video recording features they can add to their next-generation game players without making them too complex or expensive; photo (M)
The bulk of the shortfall came from sales of Intel's older and less expensive processors, said Howard I.
Exxon-Mobil would control only about 13 percent of the American market.
Indeed, the family, which bought The Wall Street Journal and the Dow Jones news service in 1902, appears deeply divided -- and therein in may lie the opportunity for Mr. Murdoch.
Amazon said American sales from its books, music and video division showed a ''very slight'' gain and declined to say whether book sales alone were up.
Although Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is perhaps the most efficient competitor in the business on land, its Web site has been criticized as cumbersome.
After Thomas Penfield Jackson, the federal judge trying the Microsoft case, issued his findings of fact in early November, Mr. Kusnetzky said, ''We started getting questions from our subscribers asking what this could mean for them.''
Time Warner's sale to the investor group also raises fresh questions about the future of EMI, a rival music company that had sought to merge with Warner Music and now stands alone.
Some officials and other advising federal government are skeptical about Crown Prince Abdullah's ability to fulfill pledge he made in April to increase Saudi oil production capacity significantly; challenges facing Bush administration on energy come as oil companies are set to report record profits resulting from soaring prices for oil and natural gas; Exxon Mobil is expected to announce quarterly profit exceeding $8.5 billion; graph; photo (M)
CBS also will venture into the thriller genre with ''Jericho,'' a show about some mysterious events in a small town in Kansas, which finds itself apparently on the edge of the apocalypse.
Eugene R. McGrath, the chairman and chief executive of Con Edison, will have those positions in the merged company while Michael G. Morris, the chairman, president and chief executive of Northeast will become president, according to the people close to the deal.
''It's an opportunity to reach an important group of consumers in an emotional way,'' Ms. Mutchnick said, adding that Procter was ''working to determine what brand would be right'' for the time slot.
''We are extremely pleased that Korean Air is exercising leadership in Asia by stepping forward, even during difficult times, with this order,'' said Carie Cable, a Boeing spokeswoman.
Aon said in its statement that its billings would be delayed and that it expected less new business ''due to our concentration on our current clients in dealing with this tragedy.''
In June, Citigroup said it was swapping its asset management group, in a deal valued at $3.7 billion, for the broker-dealer business of Legg Mason, the Baltimore-based investment management firm.
Critics worry that VeriSign could wield an unfair advantage as resale prices soar for scarce names in the popular .com domain.
Procter and OTOvertime held brainstorming sessions with about 100 boys who picked the product names.
Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation has agreed to make a $1 billion investment in Singapore Telecommunications, which could enable it to sweeten its offer for Hong Kong's dominant telephone company, Cable & Wireless HKT Ltd., executives close to the negotiations said this morning.
Verizon Communications, the telecommunications giant based in New York, introduced a contractual framework yesterday for leasing its lines to competing telephone companies.
But Mr. Rosen notes that Mr. Clark's ''moment of weakness'' lasted at least several days, since he had tried to send it, using an incorrect E-mail address, to another Microsoft executive earlier in the month.
Details Given On Contract Halliburton Was Awarded
But the ever-gloomier prognosis for the company, which as recently as three years ago held the largest share of the personal computer market, may finally force Apple to consider options once unthinkable.
Microsoft has appealed the overall antitrust ruling, and the Court of First Instance, Europe's second-highest court, said on Wednesday that it would hold a public hearing on the case from April 24 to April 28.
Delta Seen in AT&T Pact
During the 1990's, while Mr. Jobs was in exile from the company, Apple flirted with broadening its market by licensing the Macintosh operating system to companies that made systems that were Macintosh compatible.
Profit at Goldman Sachs Rose By 37% in the Fourth Quarter
Interpublic Executives To Give Up Stock Options
But experts said many users without up-to-date virus protection neglected to download and install Microsoft's protective program and were thus susceptible to the attack by the so-called Blaster worm.
Microsoft And Mexico Aim to Put Nation Online
If the AT&T deal is completed, as is widely expected, Comcast -- now the nation's No.
The Shark team was part of Digital's Internet Applications Group, a 30-person development effort that worked on a simple network computer aimed at the office market and designed to run with software developed by Oracle.
Microsoft reads Mr. Jones's testimony very differently, as evidence mainly of the company's clarifying its position.
I.B.M.
Microsoft said its MSN search engine would index five billion Web pages, which would make it the most extensive search database, depending on who is counting -- and when.
While Microsoft's arrival came as no surprise, the reality of having to compete with a giant had a sobering effect on Symantec investors, said Gene Munster, an analyst with Piper Jaffray.
Still, computer scientists suggest that it should not be a great challenge for Microsoft to make sure that such applications do not ''commingle'' code with Windows.
At issue is a very complicated method of parceling out revenues over the four or so years that Xerox leased copiers to customers.
In May, Verizon, the telecommunications company based in New York, announced that it would provide Wi-Fi access from phone booths around Manhattan.
Massive blackout is latest of FirstEnergy Corp's problems this summer, Market Place column; company acknowledges that alarm system had not been working at time of blackout, but it tries to deflect blame for widespread power failure, saying there were problems in other parts of nation's electrical system before its lines began to fail; North American Electric Reliability Council, group created by utilities to set standards for reducing risks of disruption, was first to call public attention to FirstEnergy's problems, but it agrees with company that problem is more complicated than just one utility; Richard H Marsh, FirstEnergy's chief financial officer, cites company's other problems this summer: blackouts in coastal New Jersey communities over July 4 weekend, federal judge's ruling that company violated Clean Air Act, delays in getting nuclear power plant in Ohio back in operation and decision by its auditors to require it to restate profits over last three years; photos; graph (M)
The government today proposed a schedule for the remaining proceedings in the Microsoft antitrust case that by taking years to conclude could have limited effect on the company's new operating system.
Trans World Airlines is expected to announce an order for at least 50 Boeing 717 jetliners on Wednesday to help replace its aging fleet, people close to the transaction said tonight.
Among the tools he lists are Google Zeitgeist (www.google.com/press/zeitgeist.html), which reveals what people are searching for; the Daypop Top 40 (www.daypop.com/top), which shows the sites most linked to by Webloggers around the world; and Yahoo's Most-Viewed Content (dailynews.yahoo.com/h/cl/us/dailynews), which lists the news topics and photographs most clicked on by Yahoo readers.
Motorola, which is based in Schaumburg, Ill., earned $1.38 billion, or 55 cents a share, in the second quarter, compared with $933 million, or 37 cents a share, in the corresponding period last year.
Apple's board has said that its co-founder, Steven P. Jobs, can remain in that position on an interim basis as long as he pleases.
For example yesterday, Amazon's page that sold the Bruce Springsteen album ''The Rising'' had a section marked ''customers interested in Bruce Springsteen may also be interested in.''
Merck stopped selling Vioxx in 2004 after a clinical trial showed that the drug caused more heart attacks and strokes than a placebo, but Merck says that the study did not reveal a difference in danger for patients who took the drug for less than 18 months.
I.B.M.
Six of nation's largest music retailers plan to announce that they are joining forces to sell music that can be downloaded from Web; Best Buy, Tower Records, Virgin Entertainment Group, Wherehouse Entertainment, Hastings Entertainment and Trans World Entertainment unite to create service called Echo; music sellers search for new revenue sources to compensate for two-year decline in compact disc sales (M)
James W. Lundy, a research director at Gartner and a former Xerox executive, said: ''Xerox will change only if she surrounds herself with new people and makes sure the culture doesn't reject them.''
For the year, Morgan Stanley paid out 48 percent of its revenue to cover employee compensation and benefits.
And while his September memo presents a deeply confident view of the company's competitive status, Mr. Gates also voices dissatisfactions in it that have been part of the Microsoft litany for nearly two decades.
Its mainframes and machines running the Unix operating system all use the I.B.M.
Steven A. Ballmer, Microsoft's chief executive, would not provide specifics but suggested that the features might include the ability to place orders remotely over the Internet and pick them up at a store.
Office Depot had parted ways in July with the Chicago office of the J. Walter Thompson Company unit of WPP Group, after a merger with Staples Inc. was called off.
Even if the Justice Department does not appeal, there are further obstacles for Oracle, which is based in Redwood Shores, Calif.
Pitting the bots against one another, the I.B.M.
''As soon as Liberty has shareholders, the company must be run for the benefit of shareholders, rather than policyholders,'' said Jason Adkins, the founder of the Center for Insurance Research in Cambridge, Mass., which has been campaigning against the conversion.
In addition to Microsoft's search technology, some options involve a joint venture between AOL and Microsoft in advertising sales.
It comes loaded with Microsoft's Pocket Outlook (e-mail, calendar, contact, notes, tasks), Word, Excel, the Microsoft e-book Reader, Windows Media Player 8, Internet Explorer and other staples, all of which make transferring files uncommonly easy (that is, if you're not a Mac or Linux person).
Mr. Gordon facilitated Canary's trades, which earned $655,000 in commissions for the bank as of December 2001, at the request of Bank of America brokers catering to wealthy individuals.
With Boeing's 1997 acquisition of its rival McDonnell Douglas, the field has essentially been reduced to two, Boeing and Airbus.
Mr. Master, the union spokesman, said that the base salary for Verizon's union members in New York is $52,000.
''Michael has been a pioneer in shaping how people buy,'' said Andrew Heller, a former I.B.M.
In a development that caught investors by surprise, Berkshire Hathaway Inc., controlled by the billionaire investor Warren E. Buffett, disclosed yesterday that it had increased its stake in the Comcast Corporation by about $150 million, doubling its holding to 10 million shares with a total value of $323.6 million.
Nike Inc says it will supplement its long-running theme, 'Just do it,' with new slogan, 'I can'; television campaign, created by Nike's lead worldwide creative agency, Wieden & Kennedy, will feature 'I Can' theme beginning on New Year's Day (S)
News Corp, whose media properties are popular with conservatives, joins forces with Democrats, including people who have worked with Pres Bill Clinton and Sen Hillary Rodham Clinton, in effort to stop Nielsen Media Research from making changes to way it measures television viewership in big urban centers; Fox Television Stations Group, News Corp division, owns local stations in Chicago, Los Angeles and New York that are part of Fox and UPN networks, which have significant numbers of black and Hispanic viewers; tests in New York using Nielsen's new measuring system, which involves people meters, showed steep declines in ratings for series on UPN that are favored by black viewers and increase in ratings of programs on stations not owned by Fox stations group; photos (M)
Many of the cable deals, in retrospect, were poor value for Microsoft strategically.
Sun Microsystems Inc reports over 100 firms have agreed to more closely adhere to its technical standards for Java programming language applications they develop for Internet; accord is aimed at ending common industry practice of modifying computer code slightly to run better on one system than another; Microsoft Corp says it was not asked to join alliance, which includes International Business Machines Corp, Apple Computer Inc, Novell Inc, Oracle Corp and Netscape Communications Corp (M)
In subsequent days, Microsoft has issued several new versions of its software as America Online has cut off each preceding version.
But Mr. Silver sees greater influence from companies like Microsoft as inevitable, and potentially beneficial for customers.
But the News Corporation made the deal conditional on finding other investors willing to own half of the merged company, so that it can exert management control without having to consolidate the combined company's debts on its own books.
The most drastic structural remedy, of course, would be to break up Microsoft.
Verizon and its labor unions met yesterday with a top federal mediator in an effort to avoid a strike this weekend that could affect local and long-distance telephone service in 13 New England and Middle Atlantic States and the District of Columbia.
''Amazon knows that you've bought Shostakovich in the past, or browsed it,'' he said.
2 official in the antitrust division a year earlier, Mr. Klein successfully persuaded other Justice Department officials to refrain from challenging Microsoft's strategy of installing the icon of its on-line service, the Microsoft Network, in all Windows 95 programs, an effort by the software colossus to promote its network over such rivals as America Online.
And on Monday Mr. Hundt said that AT&T's proposal to buy BellSouth for $67 billion was ''eminently thinkable,'' and that if he were still at the commission, ''I would bless the deal.''
SAP says it has 18,000 enterprise software customers; Oracle claims 8,500; and PeopleSoft, 4,000.
If the advanced negotiations are successfully concluded, Amazon's service would position itself in the media world alongside rivals like Apple Computer's iTunes as a place where people go not just to order goods to be sent by mail, but to instantly enjoy digital wares as well.
Microsoft Renews Call for Longer Appeal Process
The agreement, to be signed officially on Wednesday, calls for the establishment of a joint venture that will place executives from Exxon Mobil in charge of day-to-day operations, while Pertamina will head a joint oversight committee.
Shortly after the World Trade Center attacks, he began campaigning to have the federal government, rather than insurers, pay most of the losses in a major terrorist attack.
The circumstances surrounding Mr. Grubman's abrupt change in the fall of 1999 to an upbeat view on AT&T from a long-held negative one have come under intense scrutiny from investigators in the office of Eliot Spitzer, the New York attorney general, and NASD, formerly called the National Association of Securities Dealers.
In this case, Mr. Weber argues that the plaintiffs' charge that I.B.M.
Mr. Pepperman said that I.B.M.
''Anything that is a settlement that forces Intel to make concessions basically supports the case that we have filed,'' James Meadlock, the chairman and chief executive of Intergraph, said shortly after emerging from a briefing at the Federal Trade Commission here.
Executives at several of big cable companies that control ExciteatHome are questioning wisdom of merger of At Home Corp, high-speed Internet access provider, and Excite Inc, Internet portal; company chief executive Thomas A Jermoluk plans to use fast Internet access to steer users directly to Excite's pages, replicating America Online Inc's all-in-one power; At Home's cable parents, AT&T, Comcast Corp and Cox Communications, have done as much to stunt its growth as to nurture it; graphs; photo (M)
Mr. Levin and Time Warner's vice chairman, Ted Turner, spoke to analysts and reporters yesterday.
235 will get listed on eBay this week, unopened.
Anil Singh will retire as Yahoo's chief marketing executive; photo (S)
Instead of celebrating this earnings leap, though, Wall Street seemed to focus on the company's $455 million in one-time provisions, and the fact that Coca-Cola reported declining beverage volumes.
The Justice Department's antitrust settlement with Microsoft appears to have been less than fully effective in this area.
Meanwhile, Intel's chief executive, Paul S. Otellini, told the same investor conference that competition in the chip business was continuing to put pressure on pricing, but he did not update the company's forecast of revenue from $8.9 billion to $9.3 billion.
Xerox is still in better shape than it was six months ago.
After several months of negotiations, Time Warner said yesterday that it will not pay the $3.4 million being asked by SportsChannel to carry the extra 25 games.
Peter Roth, head of programming for Fox television network, announces his resignation, saying he plans to start a production company; Fox, News Corp subsidiary, is expected to appoint Doug Herzog, president of cable channel Comedy Central, as its new head of programming; shift may reflect conclusion of broadcast networks that they need to change their approach to programming; Scott Sassa, recently named president of NBC's entertainment division, along with Herzog, built their careers at entertainment operations of cable networks; Fox's move was not entirely unexpected because the network started the television season in September with several weeks of disappointing ratings and was quickly forced to cancel four comedies; photos (M)
Intellectual property law gives the holder of a patent a kind of monopolistic protection over an invention or process.
For its part, Microsoft already argues that the government's breakup proposal would make it far more difficult, if not impossible, for the company to develop innovative products that result from putting together a wide range of software technologies.
But while he has attracted a number of founding partners with deal-making experience, including Philip Yates, former head of mergers and acquisitions at Merrill Lynch; Paulo Pereira, the former head of Morgan Stanley's European advisory business; and Peter A. Weinberg from Goldman Sachs, he has yet to announce the hiring of any executives with money management experience.
Pfizer, the world's largest pharmaceutical company, pleaded guilty yesterday and agreed to pay $430 million to resolve criminal and civil charges that it paid doctors to prescribe its epilepsy drug, Neurontin, to patients with ailments that the drug was not federally approved to treat.
Mr. Kassan contended that Interpublic was orchestrating a scheme to either force him to resign or invent a reason to dismiss him and to ruin his reputation with actions that included disseminating statements that he ''was on an extended leave of absence from Western because of his role in financial misconduct.''
Entergy's utility subsidiaries serve two million customers in Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas.
The News Corporation, controlled by Rupert Murdoch, has been negotiating since early June to acquire the Italian venture, known as Telepiù, for about $1 billion.
Betsy Lazar, director for media operations at General Motors Corp, is promoted to new post of general director for media operations; Linda Recupero, managing director at Burson-Marsteller, is promoted to chairwoman; assumes duties that had been handled by Chet Burchett, president and chief executive for US operations at Burson-Marsteller (S)
Gigantic for Yahoo, however, may well be pipsqueak compared with its free-spending competitors.
following Microsoft,'' said James Mastan, director of marketing for Microsoft Speech Technologies.
The Campbell Soup Company reported strong fourth-quarter earnings yesterday as its shares rose on speculation that the company would make a restructuring announcement today.
But it proved highly successful in positioning I.B.M.
In six months of examining documents from insurance companies and brokers, investigators for the New York attorney general have discovered evidence at the Aon Corporation of deceptive and coercive practices, a person close to the inquiry said yesterday.
Mr. Case sought to assuage concerns, noting that many Internet service providers are waiting until after the merger to negotiate for access to Time Warner's cable systems and saying the messaging technology could be compatible with other systems.
Nathan Myhrvold, the chief technology officer and a member of Microsoft's executive committee, was asked last month whether he did not think that there are significant policy and industry issues associated with his company's dominance over a crucial technology.
(Executives at the fourth big network, ABC, a unit of the Walt Disney Company, declined repeated requests to take part in this article.)
State of the Art column describes Macintosh-related products on display at recent Macworld trade show in New York; notes that Apple Computer Inc has sold nearly two million colorful iMac computers in last 11 months, and company filled last gaping hole in its product line with introduction of its low-cost portable iMac computer called iBook (M)
TV and Cable Units Drive Profit Up 69% at News Corp.
In Hollywood, there are few media figures as respected, feared and envied as Michael D. Eisner, chairman of the Walt Disney Company.
Airtouch Communications Inc, San Francisco, says vice chairman, Lee Cox, will retire as head of its cellular division on Feb 1; he will continue as vice chairman until April 4 and then be director and consultant; Brian Jones will succeed Cox as chief executive of Airtouch Cellular; Campbell Soup Co, Camden, NJ, says Frank Weise, senior vice president, has resigned (S)
But there is one de facto incubator still helping to spawn new online companies: its name is eBay.
The company's largest unit is its cellphone business, which was overtaken by Nokia of Finland in 1998 when Motorola was slow to make the switch from analog to digital cellphones.
Merck, the third-largest American drug maker, was faced in 2000 with clinical trial results showing that patients taking Vioxx, a painkiller, had five times the number of heart attacks as those taking an older drug.
Retired AT&T technician Mark Klein and company documents he saved are emerging as key elements in class-action lawsuit filed against AT&T by civil liberties group Electronic Frontier Foundation, accusing company of helping National Security Agency invade its customers' privacy; documents describe equipment capable of selecting e-mail or other communications and diverting copies to another location for further analysis; technical experts say documents show that AT&T had agreement with federal government to systematically gather information flowing on Internet through company's network (M)
Faith Hope Consolo, vice chairman of Garrick-Aug, the Manhattan retail brokerage firm, said that having as strong a tenant as Target would be important to the development's success.
That promise came, in turn, after Ms. Newkirk and the rock singer CHRISSIE HYNDE were arrested during a protest at a Gap store in Manhattan.
AT&T says that the one-year trial offer for its Worldnet Services will be truly free.
The lawsuit was filed in California because two of the plaintiffs are in the state and Wal-Mart has numerous California stores.
Lawrence J. Ellison's tentative settlement of an insider trading case hit a snag yesterday, when a California judge questioned why the company that Mr. Ellison heads, the Oracle Corporation, should pay legal fees to the lawyers who brought the case.
Keynote ranks the site third in its index in speed and transaction success rate behind Eddie Bauer and Amazon.com.
The earnings news came after a tumultuous few weeks for Wal-Mart.
Kodak has contracted out much of its camera manufacturing, and it said in November that it was contracting out the manufacture of its lower-price films as well.
Delaying the introduction in Europe, they said in a letter made public by Microsoft on Thursday, ''would put European companies at a competitive disadvantage with every other company around the world who does have access to these new technologies.''
The group includes Eric E. Schmidt, Google's chief executive and former executive of Sun Microsystems; Omid Kordestani, its senior vice president for sales and a former Netscape executive; and John Doerr, a Google director and venture capitalist who was a prime backer of Netscape, Sun Microsystems and other Microsoft rivals.
Prof Andrew W Appel of Princeton testifies at Microsoft antitrust hearing, saying proposed settlement with Justice Department would not require software maker to disclose to rivals any more information about Windows operating system than it did before it was found liable for violating federal antitrust laws; says keeping vital bits of information about Windows solely within Microsoft could 'cripple the functionality' of programs that might challenge company's monopoly on operating system; is challenged by Microsoft lawyer (M)
''This acquisition makes Cardinal Health more of a player in the pharmaceutical business,'' said Leonard Yaffe, a pharmaceuticals analyst with Nationsbanc Montgomery Securities in San Francisco.
Bravo Group Wins A Clorox Account
Corning is a victim of the greatest bubble of our time, the fiber optic craze.
Mr. Munster said that investors had been guessing that Apple would sell more iPods in the fourth quarter than the 4.5 million the company reported.
And since 200 million of its users have registered Yahoo accounts, it can use information about them, like their addresses and contact information, to save them time and personalize their experience.
Incentive spending is a particularly sore subject at General Motors, which led last year's pricing wars but is now trying to spend less on such promotions.
Scotts and Monsanto have received some support for their argument from the Weed Science Society of America, a professional group, which conducted a review of the weed tendencies of creeping bentgrass and its close relatives at the request of the Department of Agriculture.
In fact, Staples plans to introduce another commercial in the campaign next Monday, said Dwight Garland,  vice president for advertising in Westborough, Mass.
Apple Sells 70 Million Songs In First Year of ITunes Service
Montgomery Ward & Co, once the greatest American retailer and pioneer of many sales practices that became widely accepted, says that it will go out of business after 128 years; company, owned by General Electric, says it will close its 250 stores and dismiss 28,000 associates who run them in coming months; it files for Chapter 11 bankruptcy court protection for second and final time and eliminates 450 jobs immediately; photos (L)
The commission's warning is the latest salvo in its increasingly acrimonious dispute with Microsoft over just what the company must do to comply with a 2004 antitrust ruling by the European Union.
Prince III of Citigroup, sounded a very upbeat note yesterday, saying that he had ''a great deal of optimism and enthusiasm'' about the rest of 2006.
Verizon sold some of the Tyco shares at relatively high prices, in January, and the rest in July, at much lower prices.
The seven-week bidding war for Guidant, the medical device maker, took yet another unexpected twist yesterday as Boston Scientific, with financial help from Abbott Laboratories, made a bold $27 billion bid.
Lockheed Martin had planned to account for its acquisition of Northrop-Grumman as a pooling of interest.
Had Verizon left the city, it would have been a major blow to the mayor, who is basing his re-election campaign in part on the city's economic recovery after Sept. 11.
Europe Weighs Antitrust Steps For Microsoft
Once again, the Coca-Cola Company has dipped into its past in search of its future.
Still, the analysts added that given the rough economic environment over all, Yahoo would continue to find itself in a struggle to maintain its momentum.
''Abgenix is a natural strategic fit for Amgen given our long-term partnership with them and the opportunity we see for panitumumab,'' Kevin Sharer, Amgen's chief executive, said in a conference call with securities analysts.
Much of Yahoo's growth has been fueled by acquisitions, especially its purchase of Overture Services, which was completed in October 2003.
Merck's news weighed on other drug makers.
Executives from the Pfizer camp, who have been extremely confident that they would prevail, also were worried that a deal was in the offing.
As a bargaining tactic, General Motors could take Hughes off the market for a few months, but it appears unlikely that G.M.
In recent weeks, General Motors and Ford Motor Company have announced large job cuts and factory closings for the coming decade.
A Ford memorandum dated April 4, 1996, also released by Mr. Tauzin, said that Ford had ''challenged Goodyear to become price competitive'' on five tire models, although it was not clear if these included the Explorer tires.
Analysts appeared confident yesterday that Pfizer stood little chance of losing its Lipitor revenue immediately.
Apple Computer Inc shuffles top management but fails to announce much-anticipated reorganization; co-founders, Steven P Jobs and Stephen Wozniak, will join its executive committee as advisers to chairman and chief executive Gilbert F Amelio executive; other executive changes noted (M)
Mr. Murdoch has long wanted to own The Journal, the second-largest newspaper in America by circulation, with more than two million subscribers, including online; USA Today has a larger circulation.
Verizon's research showed that people wanted to be located easily.
Terry Semel, Yahoo's chief executive, said in a telephone interview that the company would introduce a range of new services, many of them aimed at small and medium-size businesses.
''We've taken a stand,'' said Dr. Joseph Carver, a medical director at Aetna.
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Company is unveiling a new logo today that is adorned only by a bright blue, right-angled triangle but missing the words Dean Witter.
AT&T owns some 26 percent of the venture, which includes Home Box Office, the Warner Brothers film studio and many of AOL Time Warner's cable television systems.
American Express Reviewing Its Account
Omnicom Group division Zimmerman & Partners wins two accounts: Consolidated Credit Counseling Services and LCA-Vision; Cramer-Krasselt will handle advertising duties for WD-40 Company (S)
Top military and civilian officials of Pentagon and NASA and executives of American military contractors will be on hand for Farnsborough Air Show in Britain after having snubbed Paris Air Show in 2003 because European allies failed to support Iraq war; Farnsborough show will take place against backdrop of tense and uncertain relations between US and Europeans on many fronts, including new 'buy American' sentiment in Congress and continuing battle between commercial division of Boeing and EADS, which owns 80 percent of Airbus; photo (M)
''As soon as Kodak realized that digital photography was potentially a multibillion-dollar market, it had to place its bets in more than one camp,'' said Kevin G. Rivette, executive adviser for intellectual property at Boston Consulting.
''It's a mixed bag out there for Wal-Mart,'' said Steve Spiwak, an economist with Retail Forward, a research and consulting firm in Columbus, Ohio, that counts Wal-Mart among its clients.
Disney's ESPN network, for example, could more easily squeeze Time Warner Cable for higher fees, while Comcast's cable systems could be more stubborn in haggling with Time Warner's HBO, CNN and TBS.
''This transaction is another major step forward in Citigroup's strategy to widen our reach and deepen our presence in global markets,'' Mr.
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter accuses former employee who filed discrimination suit against it of brazenly stealing firm's money through systematic false expense claims, and says employee's contentions of racism and homophobia at firm amount to 'extortion scheme'; firm also says it has evidence that efforts by former employee, Christian L Curry, to plant fake racist E-mail messages on its computers were more extensive than previously known; firm claims Curry offered another employee $100,000 to help plant fake messages but that employee declined; Morgan Stanley itself made $10,000 payment to informant involved in police undercover operations against Curry, which it calls 'reward' for help in thwarting crime; firm says informant then tried to extort larger sums of money (M)
Its unorthodox aspects notwithstanding, Capital One's deal for Hibernia does fit with a shift that has been taking place in financial services, away from the single-product model.
Premier Parks Inc will consolidate its 1999 national amusement parks advertising, with billings estimated at $40 million, at Ackerman McQueen, its agency of almost five years, after acquiring Six Flags amusement parks from Time Warner Inc; Grey Advertising, which recently began handling Six Flags account, will continue work on those parks through December; Virgin Cola, unit of Virgin Group, to Ground Zero, to introduce soft drink in American market; billings estimated at $10 million to $15 million; Monster Board, part of TMP Worldwide, to Partners & Simon, to handle creative part of ad account of career Web site, which had been handled in-house; billings estimated at $2 million to $3 million; Freeman Associates is given media part (S)
It was unclear yesterday whether combining with General Mills would raise antitrust issues.
''I knew Ali was working for I.B.M., but didn't know about Gillette,'' said Uli Becker, the head of global brand communications in Amsterdam for Adidas, a division of Adidas-Salomon.
Also, the association contended, by providing seamless interoperability between a mobile device running Microsoft software and a PC running Windows, Microsoft abused Windows' dominant position.
Microsoft Corp asks Federal court to narrow or toss out Government's suit against company--latest effort to derail landmark antitrust case before trial begins in September; legal experts say Microsoft's request for summary judgment can be seen as routine step in major antitrust case; they add company's motion does indicate how much confidence Microsoft'as legal team has gained from Federal appeals court ruling in June in earlier narrower case; in ruling on earlier case, appeals court said Microsoft could assert that its Internet browser program for navigating World Wide Web was integral part of its industry-standard Windows operating system (M)
During the trial, the government showed that Microsoft sometimes used the special deals to reward companies that followed Microsoft's lead on issues of importance to the company.
All year long, General Motors has promised investors that if they would only be patient, they would see the market share rebound as buyers latched onto the 15 redesigned models G.M.
Microsoft, the maker of PowerPoint, offers a free template at the Microsoft Office Online Web site (office.Microsoft.com).
In reaching his decision, the judge asserted that he had jurisdiction over Yahoo, even though it is based in the United States, because the content on Yahoo's computers in the United States was available to French users.
Mr. Schmalensee acknowledged under questioning that no competitor to Microsoft had ever met that test.
It is to make a series of announcements today introducing software tools, academic programs and support for outside developers that I.B.M.
Drug stocks and cyclicals, however, posted gains, with Merck rising $1.67, to $74.48, and Caterpillar rising $1.39, to $43.55.
''In the case of Colorado, all of the coal moves east on a single-track mountain railroad, and that limits the number of trains,'' said John Bromley, a spokesman for Union Pacific.
Verizon has until Friday to respond to the MCI board's decision to call Qwest's offer superior.
General Mills, one of the world's biggest marketers of packaged foods, is known for a traditional philosophy holding above all that its products -- rather than its accounts, agencies or executives -- ought to be in the spotlight.
So investors will see Microsoft's labor costs going up while workers know their income has fallen sharply.
As in its other deals with retailers, like Toys ''R'' Us, Amazon charges a small set-up fee to retailers and a percent of the transaction, Ms. Johnson said.
''It's hard to be a partner with someone who is holding a gun to your head in court,'' observed Will Poole, a Microsoft senior vice president responsible for Windows and its digital media software.
Computer security experts said they are bracing for an attack timed for Saturday, when Blaster is programmed to start an attack on the Microsoft Web site from which users can download software patches protecting against the Blaster worm.
Potential conflicts have arisen at commercial banks that have been expanding into investment banking, including Citigroup, J. P. Morgan Chase and Bank of America, and at investment banking firms looking to increase their role as lenders, like Morgan Stanley Dean Witter.
It works with cameras that use CompactFlash or SmartMedia cards or the I.B.M.
Yuganskneftegas could end up in the hands of Rosneft or Surgutneftegas, oil majors considered state-friendly and pro-Kremlin--creating a Russian oil-and-gas supermajor that could rival Exxon Mobil.
''Corning is always looking for whole new applications for their materials.''
Like Morgan Stanley, Goldman reduced its staff by about 2 percent in the first quarter.
and Stanford said they would share laboratories and equipment at Stanford's campus in Palo Alto, Calif., and I.B.M.
Stock market uncertainty and growing friction between Hughes Electronics head Michael Smith and General Motors management reportedly are making it harder for GM to sell Hughes; share price of Hughes, owner of satellite television company DirecTV, has fallen 16 percent in last week alone; stock price graph (M)
The one clear winner in the deal, analysts said, is Abbott Laboratories, which injected up to $6.2 billion into Boston Scientific's offer through a variety of side deals, stock sales and below-market-rate loans to that company.
That directory was once Yahoo's only offering, and until the most recent change, sites from the directory were listed before sites found by Google.
''Xerox is operating in a competitive environment that is not just intense, but intensifying,'' said Timothy M. Ghriskey, chief investment officer at Solaris Asset Management, who is steering clear of Xerox shares.
Intel, with $30 billion in sales last year, had a surge in profits in its recent second quarter, with earnings nearly doubling from the same period a year earlier.
And over the next three weeks, a person close to Microsoft said, there will be more such announcements.
No matter how much retailers contend they can compete, Wal-Mart is clearly on the prowl.
Mr. Riesenberg had led Magna Global Entertainment in New York, part of the Magna Global division of Interpublic, as executive vice president and director, working there on branded-entertainment projects like ''The Restaurant'' on NBC and ''House Rules'' on TBS Superstation.
Nike officials assert that the company has made great strides in improving its factories, that they do more monitoring than most companies and that their factories usually pay more than other factories in the regions where they are situated.
Netflix, an online digital videodisc rental company, said that it had 10 new distribution centers operating across the country.
Jim Cullinan, a Microsoft spokesman, said Microsoft did not mean to imply that judges were not up to the task.
Mr. Shah, who worked for Merck until the early 1980's, said that none of the medicines that Merck was developing appear to have the potential to replace Zocor, a cholesterol-fighting drug that is now the company's top seller, with $6.7 billion in sales in 2001.
Most recently, he was chief executive of McDonald's USA, responsible for the company's 13,000 American restaurants.
After Wal-Mart fired Ms. Roehm, it also fired Draft FCB, the Interpublic Group agency she had selected for the most important part of the assignment.
Mr. Monti held a meeting with his team of antitrust officials Wednesday afternoon informing them of the tough stance he is adopting with Microsoft ahead of the ruling next week.
Mr. Rohan estimates that Google's ability to draw more advertisers and show the right ads to searchers lets it earn about 40 percent more from every search than Yahoo does.
By acquiring Telepiu, the News Corporation could essentially become Italy's monopoly provider of pay television.
For Comcast, buying Adelphia with Time Warner and then trading its stake in Time Warner Cable for parts of Adelphia offers particular advantages.
''Is there a Wal-Mart effect that is coming into Japan?''
The Port Authority had given Vornado until yesterday to sign a contract for the Trade Center, after selecting the publicly traded real estate company as the winning bidder on Feb. 22.
The agency that oversees Internet domain names has asked VeriSign to suspend voluntarily a new service that redirects Web surfers to VeriSign's site when they try to reach unassigned Web addresses.
In a letter to Microsoft shareholders this month, William H. Gates, Microsoft's chairman, wrote, ''The Department of Justice and the states could not agree among themselves on what they should seek from Microsoft, rendering a settlement all but impossible.''
But for the supermarkets, the confrontation, the biggest labor dispute in the nation in recent years, is a painful investment to ensure that they can survive against Wal-Mart and other low-cost rivals.
Last month, Morgan Stanley disclosed in a regulatory filing that the Securities and Exchange Commission was still investigating its failure to adequately supervise its research analysts and investment bankers before the settlement, which was announced in April 2003.
The court also found that Microsoft's decision to bundle its browser with Windows could not be justified on the grounds that it was good for consumers.
A sale of a stake was intended to dilute General Electric's control of Gecas, because the commission is concerned with the power Gecas wields in the aviation market.
Correction:  September 25, 2000, Monday  An article in Business Day on Friday about a warning from Goodyear Tire and Rubber that it would not meet earnings forecasts cited an incorrect past employer for Robert J. Keegan, the company's new president.
The potential flaw in that strategy is that, increasingly, the industry's newest technologies and market opportunities are occurring among lower-priced devices in which Intel has traditionally had little to offer.
and later placed in digital form on an internal company Web site -- from an I.B.M.
Some of Kodak's problems this year are not new, including the strong dollar, which effectively raises the company's prices overseas.
But the push began in earnest in 1995 with the disk drive business and then became a key element in I.B.M.
Workers at World Trade Center in lower Manhattan discuss complex following its sale by Port Authority of New York and New Jersey to Vornado Realty Trust for $3.25 billion; photo (M)
David J. Topper, a managing director in the capital markets unit who has been with the firm for 22 years, resigned yesterday and is expected to join one of Morgan Stanley's competitors, J.P. Morgan Chase, as co-head of its equity capital markets division in the United States, according to executives who have been briefed on his plans.
''The stabilizer moves only in one direction, when we see it, which is nose down,'' said Dr. Bernard S. Loeb, the board's director of aviation safety, referring to what happened on the Alaska Airlines plane.
Indeed, Boeing's announcement comes at a time that the $50 billion company is expanding into the military business to offset declines in commercial aviation.
Alone among the major agencies, Moody's rates Japan's debts in yen and in foreign currency differently.
The directors counter that Ms. Mulcahy's long tenure at Xerox is a blessing.
One of the AT&T Corporation's sweetest victories last year -- a multibillion-dollar agreement with the Bell Atlantic Corporation to build an interactive video network that would reach eight million homes -- is about to go sour.
The price, though, is at the bottom of the $23-to-$26-a-share range that the company had previously said it was considering, most likely reflecting caution after Coca-Cola's surprise announcement.
Meanwhile, none of the movie-downloading services have gained much traction with consumers, the notion of taking Internet video content to TV sets remains a work in progress, and Netflix keeps signing up new customers at a fast clip.
So the Justice Department will rely instead on court-ordered sanctions on Microsoft's corporate behavior to increase competition in the software business.
PFIZER wants men to know that Viagra is not just for the 60-and-over crowd.
WEDNESDAY  Centerpoint Pptys  Corn Prods  Gabelli Equity Tr  Johnson Ctls  Northrop Grumman  Parkway Pptys  Southwest Airls  Student Ln  True Nrth Communic  UIL Hldg
''When you open some of your technology, it forces you to run higher up that economic food chain in your business,'' said Jim Stallings, an I.B.M.
On Feb. 26, TXU said it would be acquired by an investor group led by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, the Texas Pacific Group, and Goldman Sachs in what is the biggest buyout deal ever.
I.B.M.
At that time, Google also gave Yahoo a warrant to purchase 3.7 million shares.
11th-Hour Wrinkle Became Basis for the Intel Case
AirTran uses a fleet of 64 Boeing 717's and 8 DC-9's.
Working with a broadband service company, BB Technologies, that is also owned by Softbank, Yahoo Japan will offer the high-speed asymmetric digital subscriber line, or A.D.S.L., connection for a monthly rate of 2,280 yen ($18.55), about half that charged by its Japanese rivals.
for many months in 1995, refusing to sign a licensing agreement allowing I.B.M.
Intel executives insist that their chip is being misconstrued by privacy groups.
Arriving from PepsiCo, where his last job was as head of the North American business, Mr. Rodkin's first moves at ConAgra included finding $100 million in cost savings, which included closing nine manufacturing plants, and replacing nearly the entire senior management.
Its management welcomed Citigroup as a white knight rescuing the struggling firm.
''We're focused on providing our customers unique opportunities,'' said Ken Lombard, president of Starbucks Entertainment, referring to albums that were unavailable elsewhere.
When Tiffany moved to 37th Street from Union Square in 1905, it brought along its reputation, blue-blooded clientele and clock borne by Atlas.
On a sunny day last spring, I crossed the George Washington Bridge, headed out Route 80 for 20 minutes and pulled into the Costco in Wayne, N.J.
Excerpts from videotaped testimony by Microsoft Corp chairman William H Gates at antitrust trial
Yahoo introduces series of improvements to its World Wide Web search service in attempt to reclaim premier search engine position usurped by Google in 2002 (M)
Union Excess Reinsurance Company Ltd., Richmond Insurance Company Ltd. and Pillar Insurance Company are three other offshore companies that do all of their business with American International Group.
Peregrine Systems says it is buying competing line of service-desk software from Tivoli Systems, division of IBM, for $45 million in cash and 3 million stock shares, for total value of $105 million (S)
It is unclear how far Mr. Icahn will go -- and how successful he will be -- in pursuing his campaign against Motorola, which produces the popular Razr cellphone.
I.B.M.
Intel shares had fallen 11 percent in the three previous sessions on concerns that price cuts coming at the end of the month would weaken profit margins.
's negotiations with General Motors, Ford and the Chrysler division of DaimlerChrysler to replace its labor contract, which expires in 2007.
The nation's biggest credit-rating companies, Standard & Poor's and Moody's Investors Service, yesterday lowered their ratings on the debt of Lucent to one notch above the junk level.
In the meantime, Mike Schuh of Foundation Capital, one of the earliest financial backers of Netflix, noted that ''the barriers to entry in this market are low, but the barriers to profitability are extremely high.''
''Coca-Cola's three-tier water strategy will only work if Dasani's brand equity is strong enough that people perceive that Dasani's higher price is worth paying,'' William Pecoriello, an analyst at Morgan Stanley in New York, said in a report last week.
More than 7,000 people have sued Merck, contending that they suffered heart attacks or strokes after taking the drug.
He debates bank reform with Prime Minister Zhu Rongji of China while trying to drum up business there for Citigroup.
The takeover battle is set to enter a new stage on Monday, the deadline for the Justice Department to request details from Oracle on how its acquisition of PeopleSoft would affect competition in the industry.
At the former armory site, a Y.M.C.A will occupy the 60,000 square feet of space facing 14th Street that Costco had planned to use.
If the board decides that the offer is superior, Verizon would have five days to counter.
Mr. Semel added that he was wary of changing the system that now accounts for the bulk of Yahoo's revenue too close to the holiday shopping season, which is also the peak time for advertising.
As part of the changes, Freescale will make a $1.5 billion cash payment to Motorola.
Yahoo shares closed at $32.09 on Tuesday, up 48 cents, or 1.5 percent, but dropped more than $2.53 in after-hours trading.
Boeing executives said it could take months for the investigation to yield definitive conclusions.
The study, which was conducted by I.B.M.
The forum, Amazon.com: Responsibility for Investment Information, will feature investors and analysts discussing this question: How will the real-world credit managers employed by Amazon's suppliers make the decisions that count?
The possible deal also comes as Bank of America's revenue growth has been slowing and expenses are on the rise.
Excite@Home reached a tentative agreement yesterday with a group of cable companies, including Cox Communications and the Comcast Corporation, to keep their customers connected to Excite's high-speed Internet service, according to several people involved in the negotiations.
Ms. Ernst was the final witness for the plaintiffs, who presented 14 days of testimony, including several days from Dr. Nancy Santanello, a Merck scientist.
Last year I.B.M.
Mastercard, seeking to undercut American Express's moves to have banks issue its charge cards, introduces travel-oriented card aimed at American Express's traditional base of people who pay their monthly bills in full; new card, with no pre-set spending limit and many travel benefits, includes credit line (M)
Microsoft acquired the company in 1993, after it was discovered by Nathan Myhrvold, who was Mr. Gates's chief technologist at the time and who persuaded Mr. Horvitz and his researchers that their work could make a bigger impact within Microsoft.
The push into high-definition television reception by Texas Instruments and a handful of other chip makers could change all that.
Brad Shaw, a spokesman for Home Depot, said the company was ''looking forward to demonstrating our commitment to open, two-way communication with our shareholders.''
ReturnBuy is one of the top five sellers on eBay, according to Kevin Pursglove, an eBay spokesman.
Microsoft And Google Set to Wage Arms Race
Starbucks has made its second book selection, and it's no Mitch Albom.
For its part, Comcast said yesterday that it viewed the delay in AT&T's spinoff plan as a positive step.
Manufacturers then cut production volumes, and thus their demand for Intel chips, he said.
In New York, a Bank of America spokesman, Jeff Hershberger, said the downsizing was part of a drive to reduce exposure to emerging markets worldwide.
She added that AT&T would probably retain GSD&M in Austin, Tex., and Rodgers Townsend from St. Louis, the two firms that engineered the current transformation of SBC.
Boeing shares tumbled nearly 8 percent the day that the loss was reported, and have slipped even more since then.
By 1999, with the Microsoft antitrust trial in full swing and venture capital plentiful, Mr. Reback decided to try his hand at creating a technology company.
The recall, which affects less than 1 percent of Coke's global sales, is another public blow for Coca-Cola, which last year sold $18.8 billion worth of soft drinks around the world but has been struggling with declining volume in many regions.
Mr. Stucker had negotiated Mr. Nardelli's package at Home Depot just months earlier.
International Business Machines, on volume more than twice its average, lost about 6 percent to close at $103.75.
Last week, Applied Materials, which sells chip-making equipment to companies like Intel, said it had hired fewer temporary workers, lowered salaries 10 percent for top management, postponed pay-raises and asked employees to take five days off this quarter.
(American Express permits registration both directly and through intermediaries.)
''For the first time in the last 10 years, Intel has a real competitor in A.M.D.,'' said Seymour Merrin, president of Merrin Information Services, a consulting firm based in Mountain View, Calif.
By agreeing to buy Ascend, Cisco's closest competitor in the data communications market, Lucent took a big step to beef up its Internet-based offerings.
officials said they would continue to assess Boston Scientific's new-product applications.
In another front in the instant-messaging battle, Microsoft officials said today that they had identified and reprimanded an employee who used a false identity to send a message discrediting America Online to a computer security expert.
But he said he would now limit such efforts, and instead seek more innovative marketing arrangements, such as the one with Yahoo.
To that end, Mr. Brosnan said, Major League Baseball is working with Fox, part of the News Corporation, ''to understand the underlying reasons'' for the ''erosion in broadcast-television numbers'' and find solutions.
Executives at I.B.M.
Pfizer has been fighting to prevent the release of hundreds of similar documents, which it says are confidential information.
Airlines began buying the new coverage yesterday when it went on sale in London, said Maurice Greenberg, the chief executive of the American International Group and the leader of the effort to provide the coverage.
But even a takeover by Comcast, the No.
Yesterday, Mr. Levin insisted that the merger amounted to nothing less than a ''digital transformation at Time Warner.''
Under Yahoo's cash and stock offer, HotJobs.com shareholders will get $10.50 a share.
The A.T.& T. venture also highlights the continuing difficulties of trying to manage global networks in foreign countries, whose technical standards and regulations differ.
Morgan Stanley ranks just behind Goldman this year in money raised through initial public offerings and in the value of announced mergers and acquisitions.
While Time Warner remains in the lead, it is possible Sony could come back to the table with a new offer that has fewer conditions.
For now, the site is not including women's razors and shaving creams, products that entered Procter's portfolio when it purchased Gillette last year.
But Boeing holds an edge in revenue: $19 billion versus $17.5 billion.
He said the success or failure of the new project would depend on the ability of Apple to rally software developers to write creative programs in the tradition of Aldus Corporation's Pagemaker, which helped create desktop publishing.
According to Verizon's proxy, Mr. Seidenberg received his raises last year in part because the company expanded ''its customer base through innovative products in wireless, broadband, data, video and long-distance services,'' according to the company's proxy statement.
In addition to intensifying its focus on Target Stores, its star performer, the sale means ''they don't have nearly as much debt anymore,'' Ms. Kozloff said.
''At Apple you see what you've got.''
Peter F. Karches, 45, who heads Morgan Stanley's securities business, almost kept pace with Mr. Fisher and Mr. Mack, earning $10.13 million in the firm's 1996 financial year.
''I don't see how this is going to work at most Starbucks I've been at,'' Mr. Hendricks said in an e-mail message.
Manufactured by Motorola, the i95cl is a flip phone modeled after a predecessor, the i90c, with the added attraction of a 1.9-inch liquid crystal display screen.
to wrest control over electronic banking from software companies like the Microsoft Corporation and Intuit Inc.
Such companies may be quite profitable and pay high dividends -- far better than the current Microsoft payout of less than 1 percent -- but they do not get priced as growth stocks.
Verizon, which has deep pockets, could increase the proportion of cash in its original offer or raise its bid by the same percentage as Qwest did.
Several stock analysts said that Citigroup stock looked cheap but anyone who buys now should be patient.
Separately, Comcast recently began offering advertisers the ability to buy commercial time in the country's 10 largest markets and deliver highly tailored versions of each spot based on geographic, demographic and other factors.
It was researchers at AT&T Bell Laboratories in Murray Hill, N.J., who won the fame and the Nobel Prizes for inventing the transistor in 1948.
Intel Corp will begin shipping second-generation Itanium microprocessor it jointly developed with Hewlett-Packard; 20 major computer system makers, including Hewlett-Packard and IBM, plan to use new chip in big data-serving computers and some work stations; several leading corporate software makers plan to tailor programs to run on chip; Intel move into market for more expensive server computers threatens Sun Microsystems (M)
That margin does not include any accounting for the $10 billion it will ultimately cost Comcast and AT&T to update their systems.
I.B.M.
Instead, he helpfully e-mailed me a link to a used Boomerang currently for sale through eBay.
Four major publishers have agreed to open an online clearinghouse on the Internet portal Yahoo to sell their electronic books directly to readers, advancing their efforts to liberate themselves from reliance on  online retailers in the nascent business of selling books in digital form.
Oracle agreed last month to send an executive to the meeting, but in January PeopleSoft declined to attend, and instead broke official ties with Quest because the group refused to adhere to PeopleSoft's user group requirements, according to Quest and PeopleSoft.
Even as it announced the WorldCom settlement, Citigroup also said it was adding billions more to a reserve fund to cover the potential costs of other litigation, including Enron-related lawsuits.
But Mr. Ciesielski's report comes as concerns mount about the financial outlook of General Motors, given its competitive pressures and growing health care costs.
Boeing, meanwhile, enjoys new success for its 777, the world's longest-range twin engine aircraft.
Whatever the reason for Citigroup's move, the terms of the $855 million issue were unusually good for Citigroup and poor for investors.
It was hard to find out why, because sometimes my other browsers would get access to the Web and sometimes not, a sign that Comcast's servers were having problems.
Among them is Chevron, one of the biggest potential beneficiaries of the error.
It also suggests that there is no time to evaluate competing proposals, as I.B.M.
The Supreme Court of Canada rejected an appeal from Wal-Mart Canada over efforts to unionize another store in Quebec.
Mr. Jobs said the company might not always have a single source in Motorola for the Power PC chip, but he declined to comment on whether there were continuing negotiations with I.B.M.
In trading yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange, shares of Citigroup jumped $2.6875, or 5.8 percent, to $48.75.
Yahoo had $600 million.
Six months ago, Canon was ranked fourth in the copier industry, behind Xerox, Ricoh and Sharp.
In 1965, General Motors hired private detectives to investigate Ralph Nader after the publication of ''Unsafe at Any Speed.''
The Comcast Corporation, the cable television giant, said it would buy back up to $500 million of its stock.
Mr. Daft was born in Sydney, Australia, and during his 28-year career at Coca-Cola has managed operations in Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore, China, Hong Kong, Taiwan and Thailand.
General Mills makes and markets breakfast cereals, including Lucky Charms, Cheerios and Cocoa Puffs.
Registered eBay members can click on the ''charity'' link on the home page and a list of dozens of auctions appear, many offering creative items for bid; unregistered users can find charity auctions by going to Pages.ebay.com/givingworks.
IBM researchers will report in journal Science that they have developed flexible transistor that can be embedded in curved surfaces or even in thin, foldable materials (M)
For several weeks, there had been speculation that Mr. Nelson, who since 2002 has overseen the work that 16 Interpublic agencies do for the Bank of America Corporation, was seeking to leave his post as executive vice president and chief marketing officer.
More bare-bones keyword search techniques might elicit a reference to the turkey that the White House plans to pardon at Thanksgiving, Mr. Sohn of Microsoft said.
Seagate will be selling Dave, a sleek 20-gigabyte drive that connects wirelessly to cellphones for carrying photos, music and video.
Vornado Realty Trust will be developing the southwest corner of Park Avenue and East 125th Street.
After a 14-month investigation into the business practices of the Coca-Cola Company, Italian competition authorities will issue a report today that accuses the soft-drink giant of using its market dominance to try to drive out smaller competitors, including Pepsico Inc., its chief rival around the world.
''This is much broader than the contributions we've made in the past,'' said Jim Stallings, vice president for standards and intellectual property at I.B.M.
Goodby, Silverstein & Partners in San Francisco, part of Omnicom, won Best of Show in the print category for a consumer magazine campaign for Nike.
Prudential, which does not have an investment bank, has been promoting its analysts as free of the conflicts recently in the spotlight at other Wall Street firms.
The ruling comes as the Federal Trade Commission is investigating Intel for unfair trade practices.
With record orders for its commercial aircraft, Boeing is adding more than 1,000 employees a month and is advertising nationwide for more.
Analysts who monitor Oracle and its competitors tend to agree.
Time Warner Cable sends a few of its New York City cable-modem subscribers letters warning that operating wireless networks and inviting others to freely share them violates their subscription accords; president Barry Rosenblum says warning is aimed at subscribers who use their networks to provide free Internet access to others outside their homes using Wi-Fi (wireless fidelity) technology (M)
The intent of the campaign, which is to continue through the end of the year, can be divined from its slogan: ''Merck.
Competitors like Target and Best Buy have stolen shoppers with smarter fashions and sleeker electronics, leaving Wal-Mart to sell Americans mostly everyday products like laundry detergent and socks.
Chart tracks Eastman Kodak's work force both worldwide and in the United States since 1980.
Both ShopWiki and the Amazon wiki want contributors to tread a similar line; this distinguishes the genre from, say, the familiar product reviews that users submit to Amazon and other shopping sites.
Even if the experience is not ideal for merchants and customers, Amazon.com's entry into these new categories is well timed, said Ms. Johnson of Forrester.
Microsoft Is Resisting Licensing Of Its Code
Nintendo Inc. said last month that it would purchase $1 billion worth of I.B.M.
It is not easy being a foreign company seeking more Pentagon business, especially when the competition is the archrival Boeing, America's second-largest military supplier and a skilled Washington hand.
WPP Group has beeen placed by its chief executive Sir Martin Sorrell in position to rival Omnicom Group as world's largest ad agency company with its acquisition of Grey Global Group; WPP confirms details of its acquisition of Grey Global; chart; photo (M)
Since joining Yahoo, her successes have been noticed throughout Silicon Valley.
I.B.M., the world's largest computer maker, reported disappointing first-quarter earnings yesterday, setting off a sharp sell-off of its shares in after-hours trading.
At the time, Microsoft had Passport and AOL was working on a project called Magic Carpet.
Nike's problems with shoe stores have been real.
Already, Moody's Investors Service Inc. and the Standard & Poor's Corporation, the two big bond rating agencies, consolidate Coca-Cola and Coca-Cola Enterprises when they analyze the companies' financial statements.
Dell Computer will soon begin selling two new lines of data-serving computers as part of effort to dominate low-end server market; says it will work with Microsoft Corp on developing new servers that use InfiniBand technology, which supporters say moves data through computers more quickly; says it remains on track to earn 16 cents diluted share for its first quarter ended May 3 (S)
Three large insurance companies said yesterday that they objected to a reorganization plan announced earlier this month by the Cigna Corporation, another insurer, on grounds that the plan could create a Cigna subsidiary that might fail to meet its obligations and become a burden to other insurance companies.
The new business is based in Somers, N.Y. Mr. Toole will report to John E. Kelly III, senior vice president of the IBM Technology Group, which includes the microelectronics and data storage businesses.
Mr. Kotick of Activision said that including development, marketing and physical production, a major title could cost up to $50 million.
Although the campaign is likely to be greeted warmly by many white- collar office workers who have long grumbled about the paper clip, it has worried at least one Microsoft researcher who is most closely credited with being the father of the technology underlying the paper clip.
Although the online services of those companies are currently much smaller than Netflix, many analysts point out that both Wal-Mart and Blockbuster could provide stiff competition by taking advantage of their available capital, customer bases, and name recognition.
But for Coca-Cola and PepsiCo, it's a marketing opportunity.
Charles E. Phillips, an executive vice president of Oracle, said yesterday that he was expecting a notice from the Justice Department.
Pfizer has said it is not aware of any credible evidence showing that Warner-Lambert employees made false claims about the drug.
Indeed, Morgan Stanley said that before the police sting operation, Mr. Curry had made other attempts to infiltrate the firm's computer system.
Web services are at the center of Microsoft's plans, said Eric Rudder, a senior vice president, ''and the tools effort is the key to success or failure.''
Mr. O'Neal was upset that Mr. Thain, a former president of Goldman Sachs and a significant shareholder in the firm, should have allowed Goldman to advise both the exchange and Archipelago, the electronic trading system it plans to acquire.
To some analysts, the bright side appeared to be that AT&T was cleaning up its customer rolls.
Texas Instruments today reported a loss for the fourth quarter, but immediately dressed it up by announcing a deal to sell its money-losing notebook computer business to the Acer Group of Taiwan.
In the past year, AT&T and Verizon have cut their introductory broadband prices to $14.95.
And yet Dr. LaMattina, who has worked at Pfizer for his entire professional career, starting in 1977, when he joined the company as a research scientist after a fellowship at the National Institutes of Health, is passionate about defending Pfizer from critics who say that it has repeatedly hidden the risks of its medicines, including Zoloft, an antidepressant that has been linked to suicidal thinking in teenagers.
Word of the U S West negotiations, which the two sides hope to conclude by early next month, comes just weeks after Microsoft was reported to be close to such a deal with the cable company Tele-Communications Inc.
Each episode will focus on a different top college coach, often wearing Nike clothing, who shares training techniques and instructs aspiring athletes.
A PaineWebber analyst, Chris Dixon, said than an AOL-Time Warner combination would have advantages over its competitors in three crucial areas -- direct connections with subscribers, the depth of the content it could offer subscribers and viewers, and the ability to reach hundreds of millions of people daily.
Mr. Roman said that he and other Apple executives had hoped BBDO would take part in the review.
Well, try this on for size: Palm's new Treo 700W cellphone-organizer runs on software from Microsoft.
A subsidiary called Con Edison Solutions has been marketing power and other services, mostly in the New York metropolitan area, and a unit of Northeast Utilities called Select Energy Inc. has been doing the same in an 11-state area.
''Any day they could announce the Fuji Xerox sale, or they could announce they've discovered accounting fraud,'' he said, referring to recent publicity about a former employee's allegations of accounting and financial reporting irregularities.
Microsoft said the government's brief was ''distorted.''
The Government has informed Microsoft that it wants to take a videotaped deposition from William H. Gates, the company's chairman and co-founder, according to a lawyer involved in trial preparation.
An underground movement to publicize Amazon's customer-service number, 800-201-7575, along with other numbers for Amazon noted on Ms. Hobbs's site, has spread across the Web.
But while many on Wall Street applauded the quarter's performance, no analyst was recommending that investors buy Xerox shares.
Each Wall Street firm has a slightly different mix of businesses, but analysts said Goldman's results provided a few clues about what to expect when Morgan Stanley, Lehman Brothers and Bear Stearns release their numbers.
Aetna Inc., the nation's largest health insurer, said yesterday that it would close or sell numerous unprofitable H.M.O.
Both Intel and Microsoft have largely resisted this vision, maintaining instead that the PC will remain at the center of the computing world for many years to come and that the new devices will function more or less as peripherals to a central PC.
And among the phone companies, Verizon has trailed SBC Communications.
The two companies had planned an initial public offering of the division, but Time Warner has recently backed away, partly because it is less squeezed for cash and partly because the S.E.C.
America Online, which says it has 43 million users of one form or another on its instant-messaging software, has accused Microsoft of hacking into its system to route messages to and from America Online customers.
A motion filed in federal court today by plaintiffs in the discrimination suit against the Coca-Cola Company contends ''possible retaliation'' was taken against an employee who organized a meeting of about 150 black workers.
The Government's case, Microsoft asserts, betrays an utter failure to accept the computer-industry reality that Microsoft routinely meets with companies to make sure their software and equipment will work well with Windows.
Russian Ilyushin IL-96T cargo plane has become first widebody jet, other than ones made by Airbus Industrie and Boeing Co, to meet US Federal Aviation Administration safety standards; Ilyushin Aviation struggled for five years to get approval; success of cargo plane, or sister passenger plane that is in the works, is by no means assured; Ilyushin, founded in 1933 by Sergei Vladimirovich Ilyushin, has built only one IL-96T so far; company, which was privatized in 1994, has orders for 19 more from Aeroflot International Airlines; but it cannot even deliver that one because of agreement for loan guarantees from Export-Import Bank in Washington that would help pay for planes has lapsed; chart; photo of plane at Paris Air Show (M)
Vehicle sales in US drop 2.9 percent in March, pushed down by 14.4 percent drop in sales at General Motors; Ford sales fall 4.5 percent and Chrysler posts 1.6 percent increase; Toyota's sales rise 6.9 percent, more than any other automaker, nudging Chrysler Group out of third place; photos; graphs (M)
Products in the line will bear two names on the label -- Ms. Stewart and Kirkland, the name Costco gives to its in-house products.
For one thing, searching for material on the Web through key words or phrases -- which is the basic method for Yahoo and its rivals -- remains a far too random exercise for serious research.
Pfizer said yesterday that its second-quarter net income rose 7 percent, to $1.96 billion, or 32 cents a share, from $1.83 billion, or 29 cents, in the corresponding period last year.
The bank's determination will form a basis for additional negotiations as AT&T and AOL Time Warner try to unravel their venture, which includes the HBO pay-television operation, the Warner Brothers film studio and most of AOL Time Warner's cable-TV systems.
If the exodus of talent -- the lifeblood of any Wall Street firm -- continues, the pressure on Morgan Stanley's board to remove Mr. Purcell as chief executive will intensify.
Other retailers, including Toys ''R'' Us and Staples, are retrofitting stores to make them smaller, cozier and more intimate, qualities the big-box format was supposed to displace.
Last year, Coca-Cola shifted the Sprite assignment to Ogilvy after more than 15 years of working with Lowe, part of the Partnership unit of the Interpublic Group of Companies, and predecessor agencies.
Both Dow Jones and News Corporation said on Friday that they had received a subpoena from the New York State attorney general and an inquiry from the S.E.C.
GENERAL MOTORS, which has accounted for roughly one-fifth of the advertising revenue on the CBS reality show ''Survivor'' this year, has decided not to advertise on the show's coming season, one that has attracted criticism because the makeup of the competing teams will be based on race.
''The science supporting Guilford's work holds the promise of yielding breakthrough treatments for a variety of neurological disorders and complements Amgen's expertise and commitment to neuroscience and small-molecule drug research and development programs,'' Gordon M. Binder, Amgen's chairman and chief executive, said in a statement.
Moody's Investors Service lowers underlying rating on nearly $1 billion in bonds for new International Arrivals Terminal at Kennedy International Airport to Baa3 from Baa2; photo (S)
Floyd Norris column says combination of poor stock market returns and low interest rates threaten many companies with defined pension plans, like General Motors Corp, whose retirement benefits plans, including pensions and health care, have unfinanced liabilities of $61 billion, up from $34 billion in 1999; graph (M)
Quake III Arena, developed by id Software and distributed by Activision; CD-ROM for Windows 95, 98  and NT, Mac and Linux; $49.95.
By offering packages of television programs and telephone services, for instance, the cable companies are in direct competition with British Telecommunications P.L.C., which also has a deal with Microsoft to develop wireless technology.
Microsoft said it had expected the new complaint.
But she said the company would continue to sell the book, which has sold three copies since it became available at Amazon.co.uk last October.
Interpublic has already endured difficulties that include a Securities and Exchange Commission investigation of accounting irregularities; two restatements of earnings dating to 1996; a suspension of the dividend; repeated misses of earnings estimates; and several downgradings of corporate debt, to one level above junk status.
Perhaps more than most corporations, Citigroup knows the perils of moving personal data.
Microsoft Corp may have real fight on its hand in its trademark-infringement suit against Lindows.com, startup company that sells desktop operating software based on Linux operating system; alleges that Lindows.com is using copy-cat name to get free ride on trademark it has spent $1.2 billion marketing and promoting; Lindows.com says that when Microsoft adopted its trademark in 1980's, 'windows' was commonly used in software industry to describe systems that display programs or data in rectangular windows on PC screens; Judge John C Coughenour has refused Microsoft's plea for temporary injunction against Lindows.com and will rule in January on Lindows.com's motion to revoke Windows trademark; photo (M)
At Hartsfield International Airport in Atlanta, the Ford Motor Company's Hertz unit is testing real-time departure monitors -- just like the ones in terminals -- in two of its shuttle buses.
Mattel's winning bid was $8,500.
I.B.M.
A Maryland soft-drink distributor that sued Coca-Cola Enterprises in Federal court, accusing the bottler of fraud, wiretapping and other tactics intended to drive the distributor out of business, has agreed to drop the charges and settle its case.
The processor group, code-named Hammer, will directly run programs written for Intel's earlier X86 chip family significantly more quickly than Intel's Itanium, which must emulate the X86 processor.
Although Apple did not provide similar analysis for its pro models, Mr. Jobs said there was some evidence the company was gaining new users, or regaining old Macintosh users there as well.
Centocor, a subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson, has been providing doctors with marketing materials that describe how they can make extra money by prescribing a new drug, a practice that health care fraud experts say may be illegal.
Ordering Microsoft to sell two separate versions of Windows to PC manufacturers would restore competition to the audio and video software market only if the version without Media Player were sold at a discount, analysts and lawyers said.
But with Cintas diversifying in an attempt to restore fast growth, the company is considerably more complex to manage.
Earlier this year, when MCI offered 100 days of free service to companies that signed three-year commitments, A.T.& T. quickly matched the offer.
And Boeing experts said that wiring insulation for the 747 was chosen not just to insulate, but also to minimize weight and volume, since the plane carries about 150 miles of wire.
When they do, as at Amazon.com, there is little, if any, indication of how to get live assistance.
Meanwhile, shares of Micron Technology, the nation's leading maker of memory chips, plunged yesterday after several analysts cut their earnings estimates for the quarter that ends Sept 30.
Paul Krugman Op-Ed column on Brazil reports that Bush administration, which says it is for free trade and against bailouts, has once again put its money where its mouth isn't, with Sec Paul O'Neill approving IMF's $30-billion loan; says it is good that administration has woken up to major threat to US interests in hemisphere and to realization that doing the opposite of what Bill Clinton did is not always best; at same time expresses misgivings that bailout is rescuing Citigroup and FleetBoston, which have had almost $20 billion at risk in Brazil (M)
The Apple program is planned for a late summer release as part of a new version of the company's Mac OS X operating system that was also demonstrated yesterday.
That would be Microsoft.
Such fears helped scuttle a previous campaign by Microsoft to make inroads into the cable industry.
Mona Williams, a spokeswoman for Wal-Mart, which is based in Bentonville, Ark., said the company fired the technician and a supervisor yesterday.
Thomas M. Coughlin, the vice chairman of Wal-Mart Stores, said yesterday that he would retire on Jan. 24.
Still, few changes are likely to catapult Xerox ahead of its most fearsome competitor, Hewlett-Packard, anytime soon.
According to Bruce Wolff, Marriott's executive vice president for sales and marketing programs, the guarantee has been inexpensive to maintain.
Judah S. Kraushaar, an analyst at Merrill Lynch & Company, said Morgan Stanley's results could be hurt by a slowdown in the firm's private- client business.
VeriSign must also pledge $200 million to improve the efficiency of the .com database, and agree to open to bid the management of the .net database in 2006, a year earlier than expected.
In that job, he played an instrumental role in Citigroup's acquisitions of Golden State Bancorp and Principal Residential Mortgage.
Microsoft has been moving at a moderate pace to extend its dominance in computer software into the communications world.
For example, among online booksellers, the Amazon.com brand ranked highest, followed by Barnesandnoble.com and Borders.com.
Intel had stepped up its campaign to win back market share it lost to A.M.D.
Add to that the announcement late Monday by the Coca-Cola Company that its sales, measured in cases, took an unexpected drop in the first quarter, and the result could be a tepid reception for the Pepsi Bottling offering.
Corporate Responsibility Act of 2002, passed in July, puts in jeopardy billions of dollars in life insurance policies used as compensation for hundreds of top executives; special policies, known as split-dollar insurance, can amount to huge windfall for executives if they cash them in during their lifetime; tax lawyers and compensation experts say premiums on such split-dollar policies could be considered interest-free loans because corporation is eventually reimbursed; new law bans company loans to executives; uncertainty over policies has virtually halted their sale, pending clarification by government; split-dollar policies, so-called because on paper company and executive split benefits, have been feature of executive compensation for nearly 40 years; estimated 1,600 public companies pay split-dollar premiums; policies explained; chart listing premiums paid for handful of top executives in 2001; photos of executives Henry R Silverman of Cendant, Ralph Lauren of Polo Ralph Lauren, and Martha Stewart of Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia (M)
In the latest disruption, CBS News replaced Rome Hartman, the executive producer of the ''Evening News with Katie Couric,'' with the long-time TV news executive and producer Rick Kaplan, said several people who were informed of the move.
The announcements cap a year of both success and personal challenge for Mr. Jobs, who has seen Apple's stock more than triple.
Thomas Vinje, a partner at the Clifford Chance firm in Brussels, said, ''Microsoft should not be congratulated for abandoning unreasonable positions that it should not have taken the first place.''
Available now at Best Buy, the RS2052 has a built-in clock with an alarm that can wake you to a CD or radio program.
''Anybody who really knows Cisco knows you can't buy Cisco, especially for something that they identify as a core part of their business,'' she said.
''Wal-Mart's prices are 20 to 30 percent lower than competitors on the fastest-selling items in the store like laundry detergent and toothpaste.''
Intel also announced the resignation of another senior executive, Carl Everett, who had been at Intel for 18 years and most recently had been co-general manager of its desktop products group.
I.B.M.
Enjoining Microsoft from conduct held to be anticompetitive would redress all of the antitrust violations found by the Court.
''There may be some investors who view Target's announcement as another negative for tobacco stocks but it is no reflection on the industry's ability to distribute cigarettes,'' said Martin Feldman, who follows the tobacco industry for Smith Barney in New York.
Said William C. Steere Jr., the chairman and chief executive, ''These are indeed exciting times for Pfizer.''
Lockheed Martin Corp, nation's number 2 military contractor, wants to take over Comsat Corp, quasi-Government satellite company for $2.7 billion; to complete deal, Lockheed must win approval from Justice Department and Federal Communications Commission and get new law through Congress so that it can increase its ownership to 100 percent; Lockheed president John V Sponyoe comments; diagram; photo (M)
The complaint also said that Medco, which was owned by the drug manufacturer Merck & Company until it was spun off last month, had been paid $430 million during 2001 by Merck ''to favor Merck's products over its competitors.''
Dow Jones & Company, which already has a number of on-line projects under way, will also begin a business news service on the AT&T Business Network on Oct. 30.
Those who monitor Internet crises know that once Microsoft raises the alarm and releases a patch, a curious race begins.
By almost any measure, both Amgen and Genentech remain remarkably successful.
Peter Hubbell, executive vice president and general manager for the General Mills account at Saatchi & Saatchi in New York, said he believed the rewards would outweigh the risks.
Merck does not plan to offer plaintiffs' lawyers an overall settlement of all the Vioxx suits, Mr. Frazier said.
The appellate panel also agreed with I.B.M.
Pfizer reassigns creative duties on four consumer brands to Bates Worldwide; two of brands had been handled by J Walter Thompson and two by Bozell Group (M)
''From our perspective, the case on the three remaining underwriters is as strong, if not stronger than the case we settled today with Citigroup,'' said John P. Coffey, a lawyer at Bernstein Litowitz Berger & Grossmann in New York and chief litigator for the New York State comptroller.
The price will be between $400 and $500, according to Microsoft executives.
Mr. Singh, of Yahoo, said ad campaigns on the Web can be constantly tested and refined -- giving the Web an advantage over other media like television or print, where the absence of direct feedback makes testing logistically difficult, and where production costs are higher and lead times longer.
Assuming those factors, Comcast would be paying about 15 times Mediaone's cash flow.
And so aware is he of the responsibilities and potential pitfalls of Intel's industry dominance that Mr. Grove requires employees to receive training in antitrust law.
But getting to that point will require the company to convince its shareholders -- who presumably were quite happy without the Time Warner safety net -- that the new, slower-growing America Online is something they want to own.
Bank Deals May Be Ahead At Citigroup
Things could have been even worse for Verizon and its bosses.
It is L-3 Communications, not Level 3 Communications.
CBS, the most-watched broadcast network and a unit of Viacom, said it would offer four of its top shows --''CSI: Crime Scene Investigation,'' ''NCIS,'' ''Survivor'' and ''The Amazing Race''-- on video-on-demand services sold by Comcast, the nation's largest cable company.
Starbucks Coffee Co and Microsoft Corp say they will join forces to offer wireless access to Internet from Starbucks coffeehouses; will work with MobileStar Network Corp; Starbucks says service will be available in about 70 percent of its 4,000 stores in one to two years (M)
He added, ''The New York market would still have 19 independent TV voices, over 120 commerical and noncommercial radio stations, 25 daily newspapers and hundreds of weekly papers.''
Since the end of last year, the number of employees across the Interpublic empire has declined to 44,500 from 46,900, including the elimination of 1,450 positions in the second quarter.
A spokesman for Johnson & Johnson, which is based in New Brunswick, N.J., declined to comment further or make company executives available for comment.
Procter & Gamble said its largest product segment, fabric and home care, had sales of $2.9 billion, down 8 percent, hurt by European competitors.
But Mr. Nicholas lacks the financial heft to acquire St. Jude Medical, one of three major players with Medtronic and Guidant in the fast-growing billion-dollar market for implants that regulate heart rhythms, or to buy a major orthopedics company like those owned by Medtronic and Johnson & Johnson.
Microsoft's reordering of its software development priorities comes at a crucial time for the company, which is trying to compete more directly in the market for large corporate computers against companies like International Business Machines, the Oracle Corporation and Sun Microsystems.
will benefit an array of media conglomerates, including Viacom (the parent of CBS), AT&T, AOL Time Warner, Disney, (the parent of ABC), General Electric (the parent of NBC), the Tribune Company, and the companies controlled by Rupert Murdoch.
But the company would not say when it would start using Inktomi's index on the Yahoo site.
Microsoft stands to gain most from any slowing of the advance of Linux, which is maintained and debugged by a network of programmers who share code freely.
Mr. Seinfeld has appeared in television commercials for American Express since 1992.
Moreover, Mr. Semel said yesterday for the first time that Yahoo was hurt by increased competition for lower-priced advertising, like banner ads displayed while people check their e-mail messages.
Excluding those items, Yahoo earned 16 cents a share, a penny shy of analysts' expectations.
For the first time since the 1984 breakup of A.T.& T., a single phone company would have the ability to provide virtually all classes of service.
W. Mark Lanier, the lawyer who represented Mrs. Ernst, said yesterday that Merck's willingness to consider settling some cases was an important first step in undoing the damage that Vioxx had caused.
Specialty retail goods at Macy's Charter Club noted; photo (Currents column) (S)
Asim Parekh, a vice president for Coca-Cola India, said his ''heart sank'' when he heard first heard the accusations because he knew that consumers would be easily confused.
Wal-Mart, too, has announced plans to enter the Japanese market, in 2003.
A spokesman at the United Technologies headquarters in Hartford was unable to say how many of the 28,000 jobs in Connecticut would be affected in a consolidation shuffle.
Since Staples.com would account for an estimated 8 percent of Staples overall sales in 2001, it could be valued at 8 percent of the company, or about $5 a share.
But Mario Monti, the commission's chief antitrust enforcer, insisted on provisions that would constrain Microsoft from future behavior like the current practice of bundling its Media Player into Windows.
In May, Judge Robinson refused to overturn jury verdicts last June that Boston Scientific's stents infringed two Cordis patents related to the use of balloons to expand the cylindrical stents into artery walls once they were delivered to the right spot at the end of a long catheter.
As at other newspapers, including The New York Times and The Washington Post, the trusts that control the majority of Dow Jones's votes were set up to preserve family control and keep outside influences away from the newspaper's journalistic mission.
Mr. Cadogan said that the purpose of the program was simply to offer Yahoo users more relevant information.
Microsoft made its assertions in a court filing, the latest step in its battle with Washington.
There is a long wish list of personalities for future ads, said Mr. Clow, citing the Beatles, Orson Welles, Jackie Robinson, Cesar Chavez, John Glenn ''before he goes back into space'' and Charlie Chaplin, which would also tweak an Apple rival because an actor portraying Chaplin as the Little Tramp was once the focus of ads for I.B.M.
The evidence would suggest otherwise, according to Dr. Wampler, at least in this arena, where Microsoft has no significant competition.
In a report dated Jan. 23, five engineers of Boeing, a NASA contractor, said the debris had not caused life-threatening damage.
The residential service is being rolled out by Verizon, Bell Atlantic's corporate successor, in former Bell Atlantic territory -- New York, New England and the mid-Atlantic states -- as the new phone directories are printed.
''Two years ago, we started explicitly focusing on a massively scaleable online gaming market,'' said Steve Canepa, vice president for I.B.M.
Including problems with its Isuzu Motors affiliate in Japan, General Motors said net income for the second quarter slid 73 percent from the period a year earlier.
Yahoo's forecast for relatively modest revenue increase masks a  decided shift in the sources of those revenues.
Boeing to Cut Production Of 747 Jumbo Jets in 1999
The court ruling, the antitrust experts say, does not mean that Microsoft has an entirely free hand in designing its monopoly product, Windows.
The company announced that it had $600 million in new financing from its banks, Citigroup, J. P. Morgan Chase and the Bank of Nova Scotia, to help it pay its bills and continue operating.
''I don't think Comcast shareholders would want to give up more than 50 percent of their company,'' said Dennis Leibowitz, who heads Act 11, a hedge fund that specializes in media companies.
As the A380 traced swooping circles above the airfield on Monday, the Boeing delegation was plainly impressed.
In New York Stock Exchange trading, FirstEnergy shares fell $2.86, to $27.75.
The International Paper Company agreed today to sell its Anchor pressroom chemicals business to Fuji Hunt Photographic Chemicals Inc. Financial terms were not disclosed.
The first round of I.B.M.
Just weeks ago, DoubleClick agreed to be acquired by Google for $3.1 billion, after negotiating with other interested parties including Yahoo, Microsoft and AOL.
A picture caption in Business Day on Feb. 13 with an article about Comcast's offer for the Walt Disney Company misidentified the location shown.
To be sure, the initial size of the joint venture between eBay and TOM Online is tiny: eBay is contributing $40 million and its fledgling Chinese operations in exchange for a 49 percent stake in the joint venture.
Chevron Corp says its vice chairman David J O'Reilly will become chairman and chief executive, succeeding Kenneth T Derr, who will retire; O'Reilly will take over on Jan 1; Richard H Matzke, president of Chevron Overseas Petroleum and member of board, will succeed O'Reilly as vice chairman for worldwide exploration (M)
Wal-Mart Stores, whose all-in-one retailing model has forced scores of competitors to close their doors over the last 40 years, is turning to an unusual business plan: helping its rivals.
and Coke and gained a 50 percent share of Johnson & Johnson, a smaller Chicago listing.
The new company, to be known as Oraclemobile.com, will be headed by Denise Lahey, Oracle's former vice president for mobile products.
When the final valuation is determined, AT&T said, its McCaw unit will have 45 days to decide whether to complete the acquisition of all of Lin.
Survey of initial quality by J D Power and Associates shows drivers of General Motors' Hummer H2 and Toyota Prius hybrid are dissatisfied with how much gas their vehicles consume; fuel consumption is second most common driver complaint industrywide; Japanese automakers continue to lead in overall initial quality, with Toyota holding onto top spot; domestic automakers pulled even with Europeans for first time; among individual brands, GM's Cadillac division is helped by strong performance for its new CTS sedan and rose six spots, to second place, behind Toyota's Lexus brand (M)
An Entergy spokesman said that the company had been looking at regional British electric utilities but added that any talks were ''too early in the scheme of things to be really meaningful.''
''It's a land grab,'' Andrew Baker, who follows the News Corporation for Cathay Financial, said of the Fox deal.
A spokesman for Time Warner declined to comment yesterday.
Microsoft has recently made pacts with Deutsche Telekom and its United States wireless subsidiary, Voicestream, to support Microsoft's .Net initiative.
Because there are actually only a few crucial programs used by most PC users -- like Microsoft Office -- the company's applications business, he said, should be vulnerable to a program like StarOffice,  which is being distributed free by Sun Microsystems.
As companies work to recover from the terror attacks in New York, many are receiving offers of help from their longtime bitter competitors, and Citigroup has donated $15 million to a fund that will provide scholarships to the children of victims of the terrorist attacks.
Ms. Smith, the Home Depot spokeswoman, acknowledged the gap but said Home Depot was eager to learn.
Neither Yahoo nor Microsoft have made any commitment to charging postage, in part because the idea still faces substantial opposition among Internet users.
These days, Boeing executives say that Airbus is cutting prices to gain market share.
So Microsoft says it has invested $500 million to develop and market its latest software version, MSN 8.0, with all sorts of features meant to match and better what have been AOL's core strengths, like e-mail and controls to help parents keep their children from the nastier parts of the Web.
Vornado's partners -- Starwood Capital Group and Walton Street Capital -- would be left with slower real estate markets like Chicago, but they would also gain a foothold in more promising cities like San Jose, Seattle and Miami, Mr. Knott said.
Critics of Nike responded favorably to many elements of the plan released today, while noting that Mr. Knight had not promised to increase pay.
Dr. Rowe called the latest results disappointing but added, ''they didn't come as a shock to us'' because the losses were caused by problems that Aetna had already identified and was working to fix.
''This is a termite-level pincer move against Intel.''
Mr. Womack arrived at Wal-Mart in late 2005 as a temporary contract employee in the marketing department.
Criticism is coming even from people who are generally sympathetic to Microsoft.
Wachovia Corp plans to invade territory of big city banks like Citigroup and Chase Manhattan; plans to open 30 to 50 branches per year over next three years and dozen branches over next two years in Manhattan (Market Place column) (M)
The company will have 11 directors, 6 nominated by Hologic and 5 by Cytyc.
Shares in Marriott International fell sharply yesterday after the tentative deal was reported, although some analysts and investors said they believed the market had overreacted to the news.
In a separate development, Intel is expected to cut prices on some of its higher-end processors in July to make room for new power-saving chip technology expected in the second half of the year.
Payless ShoeSource names Cramer-Krasselt, Martin/Williams Advertising, part of Omnicom Group and Saatchi & Saatchi, part of Publicis Groupe, as finalists for North American creative duties (S)
Because the Wi-Fi service is being offered free with Verizon Online, it will be difficult to determine how much value consumers will assign to it.
In a telephone conference call with securities analysts, Douglas Maine, I.B.M.
Ford Motor Co announces sharp production cutbacks, including closing of 13 of its 18 North American factories during third week of January, and lowers its forecast of fourth-quarter earnings for second time in three weeks; General Motors Corp says 6 of its 25 North American assembly plants will be closed in first week of January ; Ford's factory closings will furlough 2,200 workers in first week, 5,000 in second week, 33,600 in third week and 4,600 in fourth week; United Automobile Workers union workers continue to receive 95 percent of their pay excluding overtime when factory is closed, with Ford topping up payments that workers receive from state unemployment programs (M)
Procter & Gamble and General Mills have made small investments in MarketTools, which makes software designed to replace traditional phone surveys and mall focus groups with Web-based tools; approach asks consumers to log onto Web sites and give their assessments of different products; General Mills has been using Internet to test consumer reaction to new products and now conducts about 60 percent of its research over Web (M)
There will now be three different auction sites, all available by clicking on Amazon.com.
''We had a list of New York icons'' that might appear in the ads, Ms. Gralnek said, but in the end ''these were the rules we gave the artists: the ads had to use the Target bull's-eye and had to have New York themes.''
The most dramatic increases were registered in Denver, the most competitive newspaper market in the country, where price cuts have been so deep that some subscribers have been able to purchase newspapers for little more than a penny a day.
He said he would also work for Pfizer as a consultant and continue to lobby in Washington.
The United States says the lack of access has particularly hurt the Eastman Kodak Company.
He said Mr. Lane, who will remain on Oracle's board, had made more than $2 billion in the increased value of Oracle stock since joining the company in 1992.
Microsoft, which has yet to find a formula to compete profitably with America Online in the Internet market, is preparing to roll out this fall a new version of its Internet access software that is meant to exploit the perceived weakness of its rival's parent, AOL Time Warner.
Wal-Mart's operations in Britain have been highly successful; expansion options are limited in some cases by nation's tough Competition Commission and by stringent zoning and planning rules that make building stores difficult; company struggles in Germany, plagued by wrong acquisitions, stringent union demands and government-regulated shopping hours; is looking to expand into rest of Europe (M)
A chip's so-called clock speed, or frequency, is only one factor in its overall performance, but one that Intel has flaunted as a marketing advantage over its rival Advanced Micro Devices, which is preparing to release its fastest chip, the 1.5-gigahertz Athlon.
Still, Cisco would be growing solidly even without its government sales.
That campaign showed the AT&T globe logo morphing into the orange dot atop the Cingular logo, a blob shaped like a jack.
*When the Intel Corporation began developing its own Internet software, Microsoft complained.
''I still regard Microsoft as a primary threat,'' Mr. Case observed.
Citigroup said yesterday that the Securities and Exchange Commission was investigating possible accounting irregularities related to its banking business in Argentina from 2001 to 2003, a period when Citigroup was plagued by huge loan losses and Argentina was grappling with political and economic turmoil.
Boeing also said that it expected the demand for the 777, which sits between 305 and 386 passengers, to pick up in 2000, when the company expects production to return to seven a month.
and Microsoft for the future of the Internet misstated the expected shipping date for Microsoft's next version of the Windows operating system, code-named Longhorn.
Software sales are going well, and Microsoft's online game service, Xbox Live, has more than four million members.
Also among the bidders are Kerzner International, Wynn Resorts and the Australian casino operator Tabcorp Holdings.
Mr. Haddad was also in charge of Mattel's partnership with the Intel Corporation to develop electronic toys.
TWO giant agency companies -- the Omnicom Group and Grey Advertising Inc. -- are making changes in fields outside the realm of traditional advertising.
''To be very candid, Africa has not historically been a real priority for the Coca-Cola Company,'' he said.
At the Paris Air Show today, Mr.  Stonecipher led off the company's official news conference, by apologizing to Airbus, which is Boeing's archrival
Nordstrom Inc is teaming up with Allure magazine to introduce catalogue offering shoppers premium-priced cosmetics, skin-care products and fragrances from 40 beauty advertisers; catalogue has been produced to resemble magazine, to elevate it above realm of run-of-the-mill holiday product peddling; so-called magalogues, melding publishing and pitching, are being offered by several retailers this season (M)
The commission issued a ''statement of objections,'' asking Microsoft to respond to a complaint that it was still not complying with a decision three years ago that the company had abused its dominant market position.
Interpublic Group Acquires Media First
Motorola has new V70 cellphone that has circular face and rotating action, not in dial, but in chassis; V70 gets high marks for artistic merit, and technical points; photo (S)
For example, Mattel will make only about 3,000 copies of an action figure displayed here this week: a clear plastic version of Harry Potter wrapped in an invisibility cloak.
Salomon Smith Barney, the investment banking division of Citigroup, was one of the lead underwriters of a $10 billion bond offering last November for AT&T.
Procter executives emphasized yesterday that the Coke deal was never a way of divesting Pringles or Sunny Delight.
A.T.& T. videophones will also be available later this year in more than 150 hotels.
Last year, Coca-Cola sold 49 percent of the unit to local investors, bottlers, suppliers and an employee welfare fund.
Mr. Welch's successor, Jeffrey R. Immelt, may be every bit as good as Mr. Welch was, and may even prove that the vaunted General Electric management system will work brilliantly without Mr. Welch.
''Obviously, we had this product under development prior to the announcement'' by Mr. Falk, said Tim Lehman, president for the adult and feminine-care sector at Kimberly-Clark in Neenah, Wis. ''But this is the type of thing we are looking for.''
He left Microsoft in 1982 when he contracted Hodgkin's lymphoma, but had remained a board member.
The temporary shortage of Motorola chips has to be viewed in light of the strong demand for Apple's new products and its continuing recovery, Mr. Jobs said.
It just so happens that Chevron and Statoil are two of several companies seeking business with Gazprom, the Russian natural gas monopoly.
The Carnival Corporation raised its hostile bid for P&O Princess to $5.3 billion in stock, from about $5 billion, but only on the condition that 15 percent of the shareholders (the number needed to adjourn a meeting) in the target company agree by Friday afternoon to delay a Feb. 14 meeting for approving a rival deal with Royal Caribbean Cruises.
But Yahoo has recently joined in the arms race and is hiring high-profile researchers, including Larry Tesler, an Apple Computer veteran who recently went to work at Yahoo's headquarters here.
The three agencies that were eliminated were Merkley Newman Harty in New York, part of the Omnicom Group; Leo Burnett USA in Chicago, part of the Leo Burnett Worldwide unit of the Bcom3 Group; and the Richards Group in Dallas.
''Had Xerox reported its revenues and earnings consistent with its accounting in earlier years,'' the complaint said, ''Xerox would have failed to meet Wall Street earnings per share expectations in 11 of 12 quarters in 1997-1999.''
The I.B.M.
Article on Xerox Corp's bold, colorful advertising campaign for its home computer printers; campaign was developed by Young & Rubicam (Advertising column) (M)
McDonald's says that its DreamWorks partnership will create ads and promotions that appeal to all age groups, not just to children.
As part of the European approval, Exxon and Mobil also agreed to these conditions:
In spite of ''subdued launches'' in Europe and Japan, SoundView said, Microsoft had won 22 percent of the market for next-generation game systems in the United States market, demonstrating commercial viability of the Xbox.
In a 3-to-1 vote, the commission accepted the recommendations of its lawyers to oppose the McKesson Corporation's $1.72 billion acquisition of the Amerisource Health Corporation and Cardinal Health Inc.'s $2.41 billion takeover of the Bergen Brunswig Corporation on the ground that the deals violate antitrust laws.
As the Grammys become a Coca-Cola venue, Radio City Music Hall is heading the other way.
Experts from score of universities nationwide are preparing recommendations for government as Justice Dept and 19 states prepare for penalty phase of Microsoft antitrust trial; The New York Times interviews five other academic authorities or former government officials who maintain direct professional interest in case but are not attached to either Microsoft or government; they discuss remedy they would choose; they are Nicholas Economides, economics professor, William J Baer, former director of Federal Trade Commission, Robert Litan, economic studies director, Robert E Hall, economist, and Steven Salop, professor of economics and law; photos (M)
''Both Boeing and Airbus are working in countries where they want to sell planes,'' said Jon B. Kutler, chief executive of Admiralty Partner, an investment firm, in an interview at the air show.
A former subsidiary of Motorola, the company recently demonstrated its chips in a device that transmitted data wirelessly at 110 megabits per second at a range of 30 feet while using little power.
It also ruled that Microsoft had stunted competition by withholding vital information about Windows from rival makers of server software, preventing them from building products that operate smoothly with the ubiquitous Windows.
ComputerWare, a Macintosh retail chain in the San Francisco area, closed in April, citing declining sales and the impact of Apple's online store.
But after Microsoft put browsing into Windows and gave it away, the separate market for browsing software withered.
But after a stream of bad news from technology companies like Cisco Systems and Oracle, Dell's announcement gave investors reason to hope that the worst of the earnings news might be over, money managers said.
But Microsoft is asking the appeals court, the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, to reconsider its finding that the company illegally blended, or ''commingled,'' browsing and operating system codes.
University of Connecticut and General Electric form partnership that will allow engineering and business students and faculty members to work with GE executives to develop advanced computer and Internet-based products (M)
On Monday, the deadline for employees to decide on buyout packages, Ford announced an unprecedented plan to mortgage most of its assets in the United States, along with its stock in Volvo and the Ford Motor Credit Company, to raise $18 billion to help pay for its revamping.
Mr. Chammah's decision to stay at Morgan Stanley ended a protracted tug of war between the firms and the chief executives who once called each other partner.
GGT Group PLC, battered by loss of big advertising accounts, including Procter & Gamble Co, agrees to be acquired by Omnicom Group for $234.2 million in cash (L)
To get the reward, employees of Time Warner Cable and its affiliated Internet service provider, Road Runner, were instructed to call Southwestern Bell, order high-speed Internet service, cancel the order if it was confirmed, and report their results to an administrator in Time Warner Cable's Houston office.
Kodak hoped to settle the economy issue by hiring a lab called Quality Logic to study 14 printers from H.P., Canon, Brother, Lexmark and Kodak.
Sapped by everything from surging health care costs to a hemorrhaging European operation, General Motors reported third-quarter earnings on Thursday that were well below Wall Street's expectations, including a loss in its North American automotive business for only the second time in the last decade.
In contrast, Amazon.com has already started exploiting the sales opportunities on Planet All through E-mail messages that encourage members to buy birthday gifts for their friends from Amazon.com.
But Mr. Monti's aides have met with Time Warner and AOL executives to discuss possible compromises.
The combined $87 billion is close to the $90 billion reported by I.B.M., and far above the $33 billion for Dell Computer, which now ranks fourth and would move to third if the merger is completed.
Verizon Ordered To Give Identity Of Net Subscriber
Pfizer Inc will acquire Pharmacia Corporation for $60 billion in stock, making it by far most dominant drug maker in world; transaction, reportedly approved by board of both companies, would create behemoth with $48 billion in projected sales and many of world's most widely used drugs; would lengthen Pfizer's lead as largest drug maker in US and vault it to top spot in Europe, Japan and Latin America; company currently accounts forapproximately 8 percent of global market, while GlaxoSmith-Kline controls 7.3 percent; merger requires regulatory approval in US and Europe; photo (M)
On Wednesday and today, Mr. Schmalensee argued at length that Linux, a free Unix-based operating system, posed a significant near-term threat to Windows, the Microsoft operating system that is shipped on more than on 90 percent of all new computers.
Oracle said sales of its applications software increased 42 percent, to $156 million, while database software sales grew 32 percent, to $585 million.
His exclusion could have fueled a perception that Genuity suspected that Verizon would cut it loose soon.
For instance, an analysis last month by USA Today showed that Interpublic shares were among the worst performers in the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index since a bull market began in October 2002.
Morgan Stanley also announced a $7 million loss for its individual investor group.
AT&T, which stayed out of the auction, decided instead to pay $135 million for a 2.5 percent stake in DirecTV and market its service under AT&T's brand name and through its giant sales force.
PC makers who used to fear Intel's retribution for using a competitor's microprocessors are now more afraid of being left out of the fastest-growing portion of the market, the sub-$1,000 machines for which Intel's chips are too costly.
And the more flexible contract rules from Microsoft do not allow computer makers to remove the new features, like Windows Media Player and Windows Messenger.
Richard Sklar, Lawrence Girard, Ralph Phillipp, David Frankenback, Dickey Berry and Jim Williams have won a patent for the Raytheon Company's Hughes Aircraft Company of Anaheim, Calif., that uses an antenna mounted on the outside of an airplane to pick up satellite television transmissions.
The result, ''Experiment 214,'' went up on a company Web site (coca-cola.com), and inspired a contest asking consumers to produce video clips about unconventional uses for common household objects.
Time Warner and the Comcast Corporation agreed yesterday to acquire Adelphia Communications for $17.6 billion in cash and stock, a deal that reflects Time Warner's decision to bet heavily on growth in its cable unit.
Intel never threatened to cut off Intergraph's supply of processors, he said.
At the height of the Boeing boom, he thought of taking training course that would have allowed him get on at the company.
In Cisco's third fiscal quarter, inventory was $1.1 billion, up from $933 million in the second quarter.
''The response has been incredible,'' said David Pilat, the national seafood coordinator for Whole Foods Markets.
A Securities and Exchange Commission filing detailing his pay will be made next week, Boeing said, without elaborating.
Several of the losing bidders said today that their bids had been substantially lower than AT&T's.
Citigroup Says It Will Cut 10,400 Jobs
In Windows XP, Microsoft is trying to closely link its programs to a range of consumer activities, including financial services, shopping and entertainment, via the Internet.
''The Microsoft deal was very important,'' Mr. Markman said.
Washington Group International, one of the nation's largest construction companies, said yesterday that it had sued the Raytheon Company, accusing it of misrepresenting the financial condition of a construction and engineering unit that Raytheon sold to Washington Group.
Craig E Weatherup, chairman and chief executive of Pepsi-Cola Co, offers blueprint for Pepsi's slimmed-down, more focused future; tells conference of National Soft Drink Assn that after shedding fast-food restaurants, focus will be on Pepsi and Frito-Lay; vows substantial increases in company's advertising and marketing budget and renewed competitiveness in fountain-syrup business in restaurants; hints at introduction of new lemon-lime beverage to compete with Sprite and 7-Up; claims that internationally Coca-Cola had made 'overt--even covert' attempts to drive Pepsi out, or buy Pepsi out; Coca-Cola spokesman declines to comment on Weatherup's speech (M)
Ivan Berger article on problems he experienced making transition to Comcast's own high-speed Internet service after bankruptcy court allowed ExciteAtHome to cancel its contract with cable companies; drawing (M)
''We're continuing to work hard with Judge Posner,'' said William H. Neukom, Microsoft's general counsel.
Aetna has been developing clinical information systems for almost a decade.
A former colleague, Paul M. Horn, who had joined I.B.M.
SAP software already runs on the databases made by Oracle, I.B.M.
Securities and Exchange Commission, already under siege from Democrats who say that its chairman, Harvey L Pitt, has not done enough to police corporate fraud, is now drawing scrutiny from two Republicans, Rep Billy Tauzin, chairman of House Energy and Commerce Committee, and Rep James C Greenwood, chairman of its oversight and investigations subcommittee; they are asking SEC whether agency had ever scrutinized five companies before problems like accounting irregularities and other disclosures surfaced in past year; companies are Tyco International, WorldCom, Global Crossing, Qwest Communications and Xerox (M)
The unions assert that Verizon is using industry upheaval as an excuse to demand undue flexibility in moving or removing workers.
Microsoft's decision to build an Internet browser into Windows and give it away at no additional cost led directly to a bitter antitrust lawsuit brought by the Justice Department in 1997.
Mr. Greenhill, who advised titans like Sanford I. Weill and Sumner M. Redstone at Morgan Stanley, presides over a firm worth $1.1 billion that he says will not be easily replicated.
Moody's Cuts Its Ratings On Fiat Debt To Junk Level
But the deal, which extends VeriSign's control of the .com database at least through 2007, is raising concerns among the company's competitors and critics, who say VeriSign may have an unfair advantage in the increasingly lucrative market for reselling Internet addresses.
Oracle shares rose to $11.10 in after- hours trading.
The market's movement toward low-end computers ''shifts the whole strategic environment for Intel so that instead of the anti-competitive tools they had in the past, they now have to rely on their manufacturing prowess,'' said Drew Peck, an analyst with Cowen & Company.
The takeover bid seeks to scuttle Caremark Rx's agreement last month to merge with CVS, the second-biggest drugstore chain in the country.
With gasoline prices continuing to fall, sales of gas-guzzling sport utility vehicles, pickup trucks and minivans soared in January, rising 19 percent at DaimlerChrysler A.G. from a year earlier, 20 percent at the Ford Motor Company and 32 percent at the Toyota Motor Corporation.
American Express Hotel Savings Plan
The .Net initiative was born in part from the competition between Microsoft and Sun Microsystems, with its Java programming language.
Philippe P. Dauman, Viacom's chief executive, said in an interview that Joost would allow Viacom to distribute its programming ''on every platform, everywhere around the world in a way that protects our content while at the same time accomplishing our business objectives.''
The General Motors Corporation announced extensive changes to the retirement plans of its salaried employees on Tuesday, a decision that will cut its pension costs by $1.6 billion this year and lead to lower benefits for workers.
Inside Art column; Andy Warhol's painting Orange Marilyn will be sold at Sotheby's; photo; move of some dealers to East 70's in Manhattan noted; Louis Comfort Tiffany Foundation announces winners of 1997 Biennial Competition; artists and sculptors each receive $20,000; partial list (S)
Intel plans to begin selling the world's first two-gigahertz desktop microprocessor next week.
IBM forms joint venture with Alltel to sell electronic banking systems in Europe; Alltel has majority equity stake in joint venture, called Alltel Core Banking Solutions (S)
Yet the strength of the dollar was a drag on I.B.M., which makes 60 percent of its sales outside the United States.
Verizon is offering several kinds of personalized home listings for next year's phone books, as touted in a one-page advertisement in the current white pages.
In addition to the paid version of Eudora 6 for Windows and Macintosh, many mail programs for home users have built-in filters, including Microsoft Outlook 2003 and Apple Mail.
Paradoxically, that is an approach invented more than a decade ago by the International Business Machines Corporation.
Several of the 19 states joining in the suit protested to the Justice Department and to the mediator, Judge Richard A. Posner, that the proposal left Microsoft too many loopholes and lacked sufficient enforcement mechanisms.
EMachines and Microsoft have agreed to produce an Internet device specifically for Microsoft's MSN online service.
The talks, which the executives say are at an advanced stage, reflect a growing dedication on Citigroup's part to focus on its distribution businesses, like consumer banking and retail brokerage, rather than divisions like asset management that develop and manage funds for retail and institutional investors.
The four largest prescription benefit mangers -- Caremark, Medco Health Solutions, Wellpoint and Express Scripts -- handle about 75 percent of the $235 billion spent on prescription medicines every year.
Many Kodak-watchers also see happier news in the domestic film picture.
Gateway and America Online, breaking ranks with powerful 'Wintel duopoly,' based on Intel hardware and Microsoft software, plan to announce that they will use processor from upstart Silicon Valley chip maker, Transmeta Corp, and version of Linux operating system in new Internet home appliance scheduled to go on sale later this year; deal is portent of arrival of what is being popularly referred to as post-PC computing era, world in which personal computer is displaced by expanding array of digital cellular phones, personal digital assistance Webpads, which are tablet-style computers, and other appliance-like devices; Intel and Microsoft have largely resisted this vision, maintaining instead that personal computer will remain at center of computing world; Gateway will sell machines through network of 260 retail stores, while America Online will market them directly to subscribers; neither company is certain about final price of product, which is aimed at below $500; photo (M)
Wal-Mart fired the executives, Julie Roehm and Sean Womack, charging them with favoring Draft FCB and Mr.
The service, called AT&T Network Notes, began operating last summer and was thought to hold huge promise for both AT&T and Lotus when it was announced two years ago.
And the books Coca-Cola selected are not great works of literature but rather the written equivalent of soda pop.
For the first half, Interpublic had a net loss of $22.1 million, or 6 cents a share, on revenue of $2.82 billion, in contrast to net income of $168.8 million, or 45 cents a share, on revenue of $2.81 billion.
Memo Pad column; Maxjet announces sale on New York to London route at $1,000 round trip; travel must be completed by June 3; regular business-class fares are $1,500 to $3,500; chief executive Gary Rogliano comments; Aviation Manufacturers Association reports business jet sales continue to grow despite high fuel prices; Southwest Airlines offers free drinks to passengers flying from Love Field in Dallas through Memorial Day weekend; service in partnership with Baggage Airline Guest Services allows passengers to check luggage and obtain boarding pass at convention at Moscone Center in San Francisco; signature dishes from fashionable Palladio restaurant are added to in-flight menus for first- and business-class passengers on Dragonair between Shanghai and Hong Kong; Southwest Airlines creates blog for employees and customers (M)
Procter & Gamble decided to adapt Droppy for the United States market because research found that Joy's actual and prospective users considered ''dishwashing an escape,'' said Elana Grasmann, a New York-based account executive at Grey.
He quickly shelved an expensive cooking system and a $1 billion technology initiative that was intended to connect all McDonald's restaurants around the world.
As the nation's largest pharmacy chain and not another big drug benefits manger, CVS has emphasized how quickly it can complete its deal.
Louis V. Gerstner Jr., the I.B.M.
The phone looks and feels like an ordinary handset, but it includes software that links the phone to the AT&T-Yahoo Web portal or a personalized My Yahoo page.
''Time Warner's stock is up this year,'' he said, ''when almost every other media company is down.''
Yahoo says it lost $48.5 million in second quarter, modestly beating its financial goals; sales were $182 million, down from $273 million year ago and slightly higher than $180 million in revenue in first quarter (M)
After years of suffering for being outside the ''Wintel'' PC standard set by Microsoft's Windows operating system and Intel's microprocessors, Apple is benefiting from its proprietary hardware and operating system software, analysts said.
The combined insurance companies -- which also include leasing and equipment loans, consumer lending and loans to businesses -- were expected to earn about $1.6 billion this year, with $500 million of that from the mortgage insurance unit, General Electric indicated in a presentation to investors last month.
Carnival, the largest cruise line, raised its hostile bid for P & O Princess Cruises 12 percent today, seeking to prevent P & O's merger with Royal Caribbean Cruises.
Durk I Jager resigns as chief executive at Procter & Gamble as the consumer products company announces it will incur another disappointing quarter; company says earnings per share for fourth quarter ending June 30 will be about the same as year earlier, rather than 15 to 17 percent higher as company had estimated; Procter is likely to earn $4.23 billion before one-time charges, up only slightly from $4.15 billion last year; Procter's board names Alan G Lafley to succeed Jager; Lafley says in hindsight that Procter 'changed much too fast' in its effort to remake itself into more aggressive company; Procter stock price graph, 1999-2000; Lafley photo (M)
A departure from the money management business would come in the wake of Citigroup's sale earlier this year of its life and annuities business.
In the United States, the Securities and Exchange Commission and Eliot Spitzer, the attorney general of New York, are investigating a questionable finite transaction between General Re and the American International Group that originated in Dublin in late 2000 and involved Ronald E. Ferguson, General Re's chief executive at the time.
Chevron will also assume about $7 billion of Texaco's debt.
SOME of the biggest online shopping destinations, including Amazon.com, Kmart and others, have had critical breakdowns during the holiday shopping rush, effectively turning away thousands of customers and doing potentially significant harm to revenues.
As part of the deal, Microsoft will invest ''tens of millions of dollars'' in supporting ICL's training and marketing efforts, Mr. Ballmer said.
"I can't imagine that any entrance requirements would be too restrictive for us to enter the market," Mr. Pelson of AT&T said.
There is something recognizably American about Tiffany's inventiveness, versatility and bold palette.
Its fourth-quarter profits were down from a year ago when it had investment gains, however, and it predicted only modest improvements for this year, suggesting that Yahoo would continue to struggle to keep up with Google, its Silicon Valley rival.
''We're seeing a real effect of the economic slowdown,'' Andy D. Bryant, Intel's chief financial officer, said in an interview today.
Chambers said that he was optimistic about the long-term outlook for Cisco, but that he was ''a little more cautious than last quarter'' about the company's near-term prospects.
For years Apple dominated educational sales, but its share has dwindled.
Hani A. Durzy, an eBay spokesman, said the company would build the auction site to fit its new clients' specifications.
Mr. Lessig first drew Microsoft's objections in 1997, when the judge presiding over the antitrust case appointed him to sort out some issues related to the government's 1995 agreement with the company.
Intel Offering of Multimedia Chip Could Lift Disappointing PC Sales
Boeing dismissed the EADS overture -- outlined in a letter to the European Union trade commissioner, Peter Mandelson -- as old news.
Analysts said there was little reason to expect either a burst of new programming choices or any slackening in the fast pace of rate increases for cable subscribers, though Comcast will have added incentive to upgrade its systems.
Crew started Madewell; and Gap produced Forth & Towne.
Analysts had expected earnings of 64 cents a share; Microsoft posted 79 cents.
They also question whether AT&T and BellSouth, which spent heavily to promote Cingular, should abandon a brand that has a fresher feel.
The announcement came amid continually worsening conditions at Gap.
The Oracle defense is hoping to turn Judge Walker's curiosity into skepticism and doubt.
''Target and Wal-Mart have at least stabilized during this recession.''
An internal inquiry found that Mr. Sears, once considered a candidate for Boeing's top job, and Ms. Druyun, who was also fired, tried to cover up their discussions, the company said.
The stated purpose of the conference, which opened here today, is to reach a consensus on issues like when and how to publicize vulnerabilities in a vendor's software -- like, say, Microsoft's -- that could compromise privacy or data security.
One of the biggest, most important jobs in advertising -- creating campaigns for the Chevrolet division of General Motors at Campbell-Ewald in Warren, Mich. -- is changing hands.
Apple plans to introduce its fifth generation of hard disk-based iPod music players, priced from $249 to $349, as well as a new suite of colorful iPod Nano players that have more storage capacity and a 24-hour battery life, priced from $149 to $249.
Wal-Mart does not break out apparel sales in its financial statements, but analysts say it is clear she helped both sales and profitability.
As a result, Mr. Jefferson said AT&T halted its advertising in Rochester last March.
''The whole vision of having multiple devices can only work if magically, behind the scenes, the information is moving between those devices without the user having to be involved,'' said William H. Gates, Microsoft's chairman and chief software architect.
The union is seeking bonuses and other benefits that match those Boeing gave its machinists last year.
KODAK EASYSHARE V530 -- This camera, too, prides itself on thoughtful button layout and onscreen displays.
Citing Its Price Strategy, Amazon Pares Loss
The Dow Corning story, he said, ''is another confirmation of the irrationality of much of the mass tort litigation and the high costs of this system.''
Target and The New Yorker have been planning the issue for several months, working to find a week when the magazine could clear out all its other advertisers.
But Mr. Buckley added that other steps that were part of Microsoft's plans for Windows XP like ''bolting Windows Media Player and Windows Messenger are harmful to consumers and to competition.''
''Wal-Mart and the contractor defendants,'' the suit says, ''have engaged in and profited from a nationwide fraudulent scheme designed to defraud the United States government through the nonpayment of taxes and injure and exploit the plaintiffs and those similarly situated through wide-scale violation of protection of federal and state labor and employment law.''
A larger presence in Silicon Valley, industry executives said, could help Microsoft recruit people from the region's talent pool.
To address that problem, AT&T said last fall that it would break itself into four pieces.
The costs of the ''Made for You'' kitchen renovations, $25,000 to $85,000 a restaurant, with a partial rebate from McDonald's, and the lunch menu specials are largely borne by McDonald's franchisees, who own 85 percent of the McDonald's restaurants in the United States.
In the four-week trial, dozens of Wal-Mart workers testified that under pressure from their managers they frequently clocked out after 40 hours and continued working.
Google and Yahoo currently allow only limited targeting of search ads by location.
The Microsoft Corporation will in the coming weeks sign on to the European Union-United States safe harbor agreement that allows companies to export personal data to the United States from Europe, the company's director of corporate privacy, Richard Purcell, said yesterday.
Netflix has 39 of these warehouses around the country, one in each major metropolitan area.
A court hearing today in the divorce of John F. Welch Jr., the former chairman and chief executive of General Electric, from his wife, Jane, has been canceled, suggesting that a settlement is being discussed.
The ads are by the General Motors corporate agency, the Troy, Mich., office of McCann-Erickson Worldwide Advertising, part of the McCann-Erickson World Group division of the Interpublic Group of Companies.
Boston Scientific argues, in turn, that Medinol had little if anything to do with the design of its current products and that Medinol's actions delayed the entries of important products to the market.
''Given the acquisition of Excite last week, the perception was that Yahoo had to do a deal,'' said Paul W. Noglows, an analyst at Hambrecht & Quist in San Francisco.
The chicken at Whole Foods is organic and cage-free; the chicken at Western Beef is not.
''From the time we told Pfizer we were picking them to the time we had a signed deal was a week,'' said David Pritchard, who was chief business officer at Rinat at the time.
Motorola fell $1.28 on Thursday, to $12.18.
Procter & Gamble, which is based in Cincinnati, has said agents working on its behalf did not violate the law, but did violate the company's own ethics policies, which prohibit rummaging through garbage to acquire information on competitors.
But Tom Burt, Microsoft's deputy general counsel, said the ruling denied Google the ability to use Dr. Lee effectively.
''Nineteen ninety-seven clearly was a disappointing year for Kodak's shareholders, its employees and management,'' Mr. Fisher said.
Because the quarterly report proved to be a surprise even to Intel, the company said it would no longer provide midquarter financial updates as it has long done.
''Jack took on the confederacy of car companies that was General Motors and turned it into one company with six brands.''
THE good news for Amazon.com is that the Securities and Exchange Commission did not charge it with faking its own books in connection with its Amazon Commerce Network, an alliance of other Internet sites in which Amazon both invested and received advertising revenue.
Microsoft has also made some media investments, including a joint venture with NBC in MSNBC, the cable and online news service.
He said he first raised the idea with Boeing's corporate strategy council in September and began broaching the idea with the company's board late last year.
He argues that a slowdown would only highlight Wal-Mart's pricing advantages.
Last year, Exxon Mobil posted $25 billion in profits with sales of $291 billion -- a sum larger than the gross domestic product of countries like Austria or Saudi Arabia.
One nephew, Eric H. Molson, is the current chairman.
Mr. Wendt ''was not a candidate'' to become the next chief executive of General Electric, he said.
MR. UROWSKY  -- I would say and therefore the district court's determination as to monopoly power cannot stand, because there's no analysis of all of the elements that ought to be included in the market which are constraints on Microsoft's ----
The settlement covers temp employees who worked at Microsoft from January 1987 to June 2000.
For people in the newspaper business, it is a wonderful gift that the family is so willing to stand behind The Wall Street Journal, even as its economics deteriorate.
An early media-player leader, Real Networks, is under pressure from Microsoft, just as the commercial pioneer of the browser market, Netscape, was then.
''In that world, any non-Microsoft technology is a second-class citizen.''
The report drove Intel's shares down more than 9 percent in after-hours trading; they closed down 27 cents, or roughly 1 percent, at $25.52, at the close.
When asked if it was not common practice for advertisers to divide image and product accounts between two agencies, Mr. Herbold replied: ''You don't want to confuse consumers as to what Microsoft is.
In other words, the very firm that helps Verizon's directors decide what to pay its executives has a long and lucrative relationship with the company, maintained at the behest of the executives whose pay it recommends.
Eastman Kodak Co says operating profits in fourth quarter plunged 37.7 percent, to $246 million; this is fifth straight quarterly profit decline for company; Kodak announced in late 1997 that it would take $1.5 billion charge in fourth quarter to cut more than 16,000 jobs, or 20 percent of work force, write down assets and restructure its business; revenue in fourth quarter fell 13.3 percent, to $3.83 billion (M)
Even as the long-distance business all but collapsed, the results from AT&T's cable upgrades were slow in coming.
In 1996, he joined Citigroup, where he was an executive in the bank's overseas retail operations before he was brought to the United States in 2000.
Micron Technology is withdrawing from talks over future of bankrupt Hynix Semiconductor, dashing lingering hopes of South Korean Government officials that deal could still be worked out for Micron to acquire Hynix's memory chip business; Micron's chairman Steven R Appleton makes plain his anger over Hynix's rejection of agreement (M)
Some Critics Of Wal-Mart Joining Forces To Change It
AT&T's board rejected Comcast's July offer, but Comcast has since re-entered negotiations with AT&T.
Correction:  October 24, 2000, Tuesday  A headline on the continuation of a front-page article yesterday about the purchase of Honeywell International by General Electric misstated the price in some copies.
The government would file a response on Dec. 8, and Microsoft would be allowed to reply no later than Dec. 22.
In a conference call with analysts this morning, Motorola said that it had not yet seen an increase in new orders for semiconductors, contrary to the industry trend in August, reported this week by the Semiconductor Industry Association.
''We have some way to go to restore consumer confidence in our brands,'' said Kari Bjorhus, Coca-Cola's communications director.
House That Lou Built Reflects a New I.B.M.
MERCK AND VIOXX: THE OVERVIEW
Responding to American Express's moves to lure middle-income credit card borrowers, Mastercard is introducing a travel-oriented card today aimed squarely at American Express's traditional base of people who pay their monthly bills in full.
Since the House voted in July to strip $1.8 billion from the F-22 fighter jet program, the Air Force and Lockheed Martin have undertaken a relentless, multimillion-dollar campaign to persuade lawmakers to restore the money.
But it is telling that on Sept. 17 alone, the first day markets were open after the terrorist attacks and before the Bass move, shares of the five big companies were already moving in ways that reflected their relative exposures to advertising and tourism: Disney stock dropped the most, followed by the News Corporation, Viacom, AOL and Vivendi.
The disagreements were resolved because AT&T ultimately decided to acquire all of McCaw, rather than just one-third.
Among the software industry's most successful figures, there are some who argue that while Microsoft's tactics have occasionally crossed the line, it is still important to defend the powerful company.
The Boeing Company emerged today as the likely winner of a fiercely contested $4 billion contract to supply the South Korean military with 40 new fighter jets.
Consider Microsoft.
Xerox Corp, whose auditors, KPMG, refused to sign off on its annual report until they had rechecked numbers, says KPMG found some accounting discrepancies but uncovered no signs of fraud (M)
''I.B.M.
But in many ways, Johnson & Johnson had been forced into silence much earlier -- by choices it made last fall, when it assumed it had the upper hand in its merger dealings with Guidant and reduced its offer by nearly $4 billion.
That is a beautiful thing for Yahoo and Google, of course, but in the long term, some analysts think it could haunt them.
Pfizer issued a statement on Friday saying that three trials involving a total of 6,000 patients that have been under way for several years had not shown any significant safety issues.
Annual analysis by Jupiter Media Metrix of Web site traffic surrounding Super Bowl shows big increases for site of advertisers AT&T Wireless and site set up by Yahoo and Pepsi-Cola division of PepsiCo (S)
Lawyers for John F. Welch Jr., the former chief executive of General Electric, filed a court motion yesterday challenging his estranged wife's description of his living expenses but did not submit their own figures.
But sales of Leukine are small, so Amgen could divest itself of the drug.
Microsoft says it expects to have sold around 5.5 million Xbox 360's by the end of next month and wants to have moved 10 million 360's by the time the PlayStation 3 sells its first unit.
''News has special constraints on content quality,'' said Elizabeth Osder, a senior director for product development at Yahoo.
Yahoo Beats Earnings Estimates, but Sees Potholes on the Road Ahead
Microsoft, analysts say, is going after the premium end of the hand-held market.
Motorola said last year that it would spend almost $13 billion to develop a satellite network of its own for high-speed data communications, known as Celestri.
The Microsoft site is typically visited by hundreds of thousands of people each day.
He lived out of his Ford Fairmont, at one point, with a .22-caliber pistol and Boy Scout hatchet.
This would have undermined the Time Warner objective of improving its stock price, particularly in light of continuing criticism by the investor Carl C. Icahn.
"With a population of nearly 900 million people and less than one telephone for every 100 people, it's clearly one of the largest telecommunications markets in the world," said John Legere, a senior executive of AT&T Asia/Pacific Inc., at a news conference.
Those with three-year upgrade cycles can expect to pay 35 percent to 77 percent more, according to the Gartner Group, a market research company in Stamford, Conn. A typical company with 5,000 PC's that upgrades Microsoft Office every four years will pay $900,000 to $1.7 million more.
As Rivals Steam Forward, Oracle Christens a Database
Arts, Briefly; Starbucks Backs a Book
The issue was made public on Tuesday when The Associated Press reported on Comcast's activities, which the company initially defended.
Matthew Szlulik, chief executive of Red Hat, a company that competes with Microsoft in software for desktop computers and servers, said: ''This sends a clear message to the international and European marketplaces that innovation and choice really matter.
Cisco Reports Strong Revenue In 4th Quarter
Kodak is rotating the spots, which will run on mainstream shows like ''Desperate Housewives,'' ''The Late Show with David Letterman'' and ''C.S.I.''
But Google is clearly hoping that the service and Writely will give it a head start on Microsoft in the area of so-called Web services.
McCann has also handled Bextra, a Pfizer drug for arthritis, for almost a year.
Yet it comes as other forces are also weakening Microsoft's grip on desktop computers.
Lower revenue despite higher unit sales and profit margins are the result of lower average selling prices industrywide and the seasonal slowdown Apple typically sees in the March quarter, Mr. Jobs said in a telephone interview today.
Dominion Resources Inc acquires Consolidated Natural Gas Co in stock transaction valued at $6.3 billion; Sempra Energy Co, large utility in Southern California, agrees to acquire KN Energy Inc, large natural gas pipeline and storage company in Lakewood, Colo, for $1.9 billion; Southern Union Co, natural gas utility in Texas, offers $1.84 billion and assumption of debt for Southwest Gas Corp; as utility industry is deregulated, companies have sought to strengthen their competitive positions by taking over natural gas companies so that they can offer package of electricity and natural gas (M)
So the Home Depot application to the commission took what William Higgins termed a ''change and restoration'' approach.
General Electric was never particularly enthusiastic about the retail business and, considering the losses, yesterday's announcement did not surprise analysts.
Microsoft's offer was an attempt to address the European Commission's concerns that the company is putting rival players, like the RealOne Player from RealNetworks, at a disadvantage by bundling Media Player, Microsoft's own audio- and video-playing software, into the Windows operating system.
Wal-Mart has put in a bid for 13 of the Caldor stores (which are generally too small for its standard store).
Microsoft said it was hobbled by a large number of defections among customers who had signed long-term contracts a few years ago in return for rebates of as much as $400.
Windows 2000 refers both to a new version of Microsoft's desktop operating system for corporations and new server software for running corporate networks and Web sites.
McDonald's executives offered few details about the future of their relationship with Disney, which is to expire next year.
Comcast's decision to withdraw its offer did not erase speculation that the company will pursue other acquisitions, and some analysts suggested that it might seek to expand in the programming business.
While some analysts speculated that Motorola would bid for Palm, Inder M. Singh of Prudential Equity Group raised another possibility: a leveraged buyout.
Nike needs the line to do well.
Sony and Microsoft, the companies that make those machines, have spent rafts of cash over the years trying to make those brands synonymous with video games.
Under the agreement, Microsoft's Windows would focus more on simpler systems while I.B.M.
''We're just not getting credit for how good a business this is,'' James R. Tobin, Boston Scientific's president and chief executive, said in an interview.
''This will become a litmus test,'' he said, both for corporations, who will have to decide whether to follow Coke's lead, and for politicians who have opposed requiring companies to report this expense.
Yet, over the last five years, Home Depot stock has fallen 12 percent, performing worse than its peers and the Standard & Poor's 500 index, which fell 4 percent.
About 11 a.m., they were pinpointing several issues that still needed to be resolved with the United Technologies board when Michael R. Bonsignore, chief executive of Honeywell, was interrupted by his secretary, who told him that Mr. Welch was on the phone.
''Because it owns the operating system, Microsoft is the essential utility of the information age,'' said James F. Moore, president of Geopartners Research Inc., a technology consulting firm.
Facing an Aug. 2 contract-negotiation deadline, Verizon and the union, the Communications Workers of America, have poured more than $1 million into advertising in a dozen Northeastern cities, straining to win public sympathy and throw each other on the defensive.
''I would contend that the Media Center all-in-one approach is a lot simpler than the not all-in-one alternative,'' said Joe Belfiore, a Microsoft software designer who has led the development of the Media Center.
In 1997 alone, Lockheed Martin, which has grown to a $28 billion company through the acquisition of 26 other military contractors since 1990, was awarded $11.6 billion in military contracts, the Defense Department also announced today.
''We therefore continue to require clarity as to how this will be achieved in practice,'' Carnival's letter said.
Moody's lowered Alcatel's senior long-term debt to Ba1, one notch below investment grade, and made a similar change for Alcatel's shorter-term debt.
They include the JW Marriott, the New Orleans Marriott and the New Orleans Marriott at the Convention Center, and four Courtyard and two Residence Inn hotels.
was widely perceived in Silicon Valley as a ''gentle giant'' that was easy to partner with while Microsoft was perceived as an ''extraordinarily fearsome, competitive company wanting to be in as many businesses as possible and with the engineering talent capable of implementing effectively anything.''
''The thing that I objected to is they made such a big deal out of it,'' said Steve Gibson, a software developer who wrote programs for the Apple II personal computer during the 1970's.
The feud between Nielsen and the News Corporation goes back several months.
The advertisers, which include Coca-Cola and Philip Morris, had  each received strongly worded letters as part of a letter-writing campaign directed by a Connecticut school headmaster who complains that the show includes what he describes as anti-Semitic, racist and sexist humor.
Millions of American men grab their credit cards every weekend and head to Home Depot or Best Buy to fulfill their heart's desire with hardware and technology.
Motorola's stock fell $2.46, to $13.94.
The Intel case may wind up having a lower profile than the Microsoft trial, and any penalties -- if Intel loses -- may not be nearly as severe as what Government lawyers may seek for Microsoft.
Other popular programs include Yahoo Messenger, Microsoft's MSN Messenger and ICQ, which was acquired by AOL in 1998.
A dispute like the one involving Morgan Stanley and Kirkland & Ellis is highly unusual.
Although Comcast has said privately that it has no plans to add cash to any offer, analysts note that it could probably put up as much as $8 billion, either by borrowing money or selling some assets.
Wednesday night, after six hours of software testing by its programmers, Microsoft had concluded that the problem was Real Networks'.
Microsoft said the fine was too big.
Intel recently placed a WiMax antenna on top of its corporate headquarters in Santa Clara, Calif., and Mr. Maloney said he was able to receive a 7-megabit data signal -- enough to view high-definition television-- from the hills above Silicon Valley, more than 12 miles away.
Public Lives column; baritone Kyle Ketelson discusses his one line role in Opera Orchestra New York production of Otello; Dr Alan Manevitz, psychiatrist, advices on how television viewers can deal with losing ABC television on Time Warner Cable system; events for beginning of USA Tennis month noted; Junior's, landmark Brooklyn restaurant noted for cheesecake, opens 60-seat restaurant in Grand Central Station; scene at luncheon for Albert Einstein College of Medicine described; photo (M)
In October 2000, AT&T abandoned Mr. Armstrong's original plan and agreed to split into a cable company, a wireless company and a telecommunications company.
Boston Scientific Considers a Spinoff to Raise $1 Billion
The long-delayed new upgrade of Windows NT, called Windows 2000, is the operating system that Microsoft is betting on to move into the markets for heavyweight corporate computing and data centers.
Others with a stake in Verizon did not fare so well.
One of the few innovations in Microsoft's Windows 98 operating system is the integration of television-viewing software, but many makers of personal computers are giving it the cold shoulder.
Click on HKEY--LOCAL --MACHINE, then SOFTWARE, then Microsoft, then Windows NT and then on the Current Version folder.
Because Apple is releasing the source code for its server software, it will be simple for organizations that want to transmit multimedia material to adapt their own systems.
Merck & Company said yesterday that its profit rose by a lower-than-expected 14 percent in the first quarter, prompting a small selloff in most of the major American pharmaceutical stocks.
I.B.M., Mr. Loughridge said, continues to benefit from a strategy that emphasizes supplying corporate customers with packages of technology -- hardware, software and services -- instead of selling them individual products.
Boeing, in the meantime, is still trying to recover.
Now, his return is being equally celebrated by Morgan Stanley.
''But I.B.M.
As Wal-Mart reported a meager 0.5 percent rise last month in same-store sales -- those at stores open at least a year -- the company, the world's largest retailer, also warned that November was probably going to be even worse.
Lowe, part of the Interpublic Group of Companies, is combining agencies specializing in interactive, direct and customer relationship marketing under the name Lowe Live.
Intel executives agreed that the technology will cause communications costs to drop sharply.
They saw the cost increases as a warning of continuing uncertainty about Aetna's ability to turn Prudential around.
For years, squeezing a new network onto the limited available lineup meant cutting deals with Tele-Communications Inc. (now part of AT&T), Time Warner and a handful of other conglomerates.
Notably, Mr. Lutz provided a much more optimistic assessment of General Motors' recovery plans than other company executives have.
Microsoft vice president Christopher Jones tells Federal Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly that company should be allowed to make changes in its Windows operating system that impair performance of other programs so long as company believes it is acting in best interest of Windows users; testifies against penalties that coalition of states want court to impose on Microsoft to redress company's antitrust violations (M)
''We were a little surprised and disappointed by the bans,'' said Kenth Kaerhoeg, group communications director for Coca-Cola Asia, who flew in from Hong Kong to work on the situation.
And they are doing so in an unexpected way: by pulling investments out of Wal-Mart and other big companies like Boeing and Lockheed Martin for what they say are ethical failings.
Verizon also raised the breakup fee -- the amount MCI would have to pay to break their deal -- to $240 million, from $200 million.
Thomas G. Maheras, Citigroup's chief executive for global capital markets, acknowledged in a memo to employees six weeks later that the bank ''failed to fully consider its impact on our clients, other market participants and our regulators.''
The Curry lawsuit names as defendants Mr. Purcell, Mr. Mack, Ms. Bernheim and Mr. Sonneborn along with seven other senior Morgan Stanley employees.
He also said that 1997 earnings will be hit by spending on Iridium, Motorola's ambitious joint venture with a number of other communications companies to deploy a satellite network for worldwide wireless phone and data services.
Mr. Robertson joined Abbott Mead Vickers BBDO in London in 1995 after working at Ogilvy & Mather, J. Walter Thompson and WCRS.
After the group, the International Labor Rights Fund, filed the class-action suit in Los Angeles on behalf of employees for Wal-Mart contractors in China, Bangladesh, Nicaragua, Swaziland and Indonesia, Wal-Mart said it needed to study the lawsuit before responding.
General Motors announced today that no matter how much Ford improved the energy efficiency of its sport utilities by 2005, G.M.
In each case, the new systems are part of overall efforts to advance each company's current strategy: Microsoft is hoping to maintain its monopoly on desktop software by linking programs to distributed services; by contrast, I.B.M.
IBM and Motorola Inc have each begun shipping new versions of their jointly developed Power PC chips that they say outperform any chips in Intel Corp's Pentium line; have also developed new type of Power PC chip with very low power consumption (S)
The settlement does seek to prohibit Microsoft from bullying business partners and rivals, and forces it to share some of its tightly held technical information.
The authority's advisers are planning to negotiate a contract with Vornado over the next 20 days and submit a final one to the board on March 14, although they have not closed off discussions with another bidder in case anything goes wrong.
Though Tom Brokaw and Lesley Stahl were interviewed, Mr. Rather -- by his choice, a CBS executive said -- was not.
General Motors surprised the auto industry Thursday by posting strong sales in February, when its new Chevrolet Silverado pickup unseated the Ford F-series for the title of best-selling vehicle.
''And now that they have cornered the network,'' Mr. Simon, a former domestic policy adviser to Vice President Al Gore, said, ''they are putting the network under lock and key by putting Microsoft technology inside the set-top box.''
That time, he said, is starting now, and if Internet cash assumes greater prominence in CBS's revenue stream, it may help offset its steadily increasing annual rights fee for March Madness, which will spike above $600 million at the end of its N.C.A.A.
Many things could go wrong for Comcast, especially if rivals force a war on prices and features.
The legislation, backed by an intense lobbying campaign by the Taubman family and passed by a vote of 24 to 14, would make moot the $1.74 billion bid for Taubman Centers from the rival mall owners Simon Property Group and Westfield America Trust, possibly ending the long-running fight between the Taubmans and the Simons, two of the nation's most storied real estate families.
The chip that Intel has built is the prototype of a high-speed transistor-like device to encode data onto a light beam that the company has refined to send more than two billion bits a second of digital information.
Raytheon, Lexington, Mass., 11 million Class B shares.
Net income rose 21 percent at Pfizer, 16 percent for Merck, 15 percent for Schering-Plough and 20 percent for Johnson & Johnson in the quarter, over the comparable period in 1995.
A Microsoft executive said today that the company did not believe the weakness had been previously known by members of the computer underground or used for hostile attacks.
Bank of America has been notified that Securities and Exchange Commission and New York Atty Gen Eliot L Spitzer are considering bringing cases against former employees of bank later this week; potential charges relate to bank's activities in connection with Canary Capital Partners, hedge fund managed by Edward J Stern (M)
He added, though, that Apple had a notable decline in sales of the iPod Shuffle in the period, as distinct from sales of its other iPods.
Production yields at the East Fishkill plant are improving month by month, they say, and the long-term trends in the industry should work to I.B.M.
Few managers are better cast in the role of fixer than David W. Thursfield, the most intense Ford Motor executive this side of Jacques Nasser, the deposed chief executive.
In any case, the day-to-day operation of Oracle is now in the hands of a troika of executives who report directly to Lawrence J. Ellison, the company's flamboyant and mercurial founder and chief executive.
The money she saves at the Wal-Mart pharmacy counter will not leave the store, she said.
Advertising column on comeback staged by Adidas under leadership of Robert Louis-Dreyfus; Adidas closed out 1997 with record net income of $255 million, 48 percent more than year before, on revenues of $3.6 billion, overtaking Fila USA as No 3 athletic shoe supplier in United States and setting its sights on passing Reebok for No 2 slot behind Nike; Adidas spent large sums to create cooler image for Adidas with young people, signing up big-name athletes in sponsorship deals; it still has far to go to catch Nike's shadow; Nike has its problems, but it continues to control 47 percent of American sneaker sales, compared with 15 percent for Reebok and just 6 percent for Adidas; photo (M)
I.B.M.
It was a tough job, considering that Staples.com lost more than $140 million last year.
Attempts to negotiate a settlement with one of those women, Allison Schieffelin, broke down in late summer and the commission began considering whether to file suit against Morgan Stanley.
The merger with CVS would also allow an unspecified number of Caremark directors -- perhaps all of them -- to get lucrative seats on the combined company's board.
In the written response, Morgan Stanley defended a $10,000 payment it made to a informant involved in a police undercover operation against Mr. Curry, calling it a ''reward'' for help in thwarting a crime.
In his ruling, Judge Gomez recalled that Yahoo is able, at least in part, to recognize Web surfers from France and select them for French-language advertising banners.
Nancy Goldfarb, a spokeswoman for Bristol-Myers Squibb, said, ''It remains to be seen what all the implications of this court decision will be.''
Bank of America has fallen more than $5 over the last two days, declining $3.88 yesterday, to $42.
Microsoft replied that Apple was blackmailing it with a long-running patent dispute and paid it $150 million to stop the harassment.
The Postal Service and eBay provide him with boxes in a variety of sizes that bear their logos, delivered free by his mail carrier.
Chances of settlement between Microsoft Corp and European antitrust regulators dim significantly, as Europe's antitrust chief Mario Monti demands further concessions from Microsoft as price of settlement; Monti meets with Microsoft's chief executive Steven A Ballmer and Microsoft's chief lawyer Bradford L Smith without reaching agreement (M)
Over the last few years Staples, Office Depot and OfficeMax, the three gorillas of office supply retailers, have all spurned warehouse-style stores in favor of smaller outlets with wider aisles and better sight lines.
Amgen's shares, which fell sharply on Monday, rose $1.80, or almost 6 percent, to $32.87.
Compaq saw the shell -- a layer of software that ran on top of Microsoft's Windows -- mainly as a way to make computers easier to use.
''We do not know yet when the new cards will be issued,'' a Bank of America spokesman, Peter McKillop, said.
Netflix's chief executive, Reed Hastings, remains bullish, despite the fact that rapidly rising marketing costs affected the company's performance so much that, when the second-quarter results were disclosed earlier this month, its stock fell 40 percent, to under $20, in two days.
A November 2001 report showed that Merck scientists had expected to find that the combination of low-dose aspirin and Vioxx would produce fewer ulcers than ibuprofen.
Andrea Rothschild, a spokeswoman for Amgen, said the company was pleased with the decision and continued to believe that withdrawing the treatment was the proper decision, made with patient safety in mind.
Sales of I.B.M.
And they will be tomes -- though still being edited at the end of last week, the Government draft was nearly 800 pages, and Microsoft's was about 250 pages.
Apple opened a Japanese version of iTunes in August, two years after its introduction in the United States, but without songs from the major Japanese labels like Sony Music Entertainment and Warner Music Japan, which still have not signed licensing agreements.
In April, Aetna announced that it would spend $8.18 billion to acquire U.S. Healthcare, a major health maintenance organization concentrated in New York, New Jersey and Pennsylvania.
The origin of the financial problems can be summed up in two words: General Motors.
A Vivendi spokeswoman and a spokesman for the News Corporation declined to comment yesterday.
But appellate courts are reluctant to overturn jury verdicts without evidence of serious legal errors, limiting Merck's chances that verdicts will be reversed.
Video game industry seeks to exploit potential of high-definition television; games created for next-generation consoles from Microsoft and Sony will display video in wide-screen high-definition format if console is connected to high-definition TV; increased sharpness, wide-screen format and Dolby Digital surround sound are expected to be boon for TV manufacturers looking to sell high-definition television; photo (M)
But American Express's main challenge in working with banks is to broaden its reach without weakening its brand, analysts said.
He said he could not confirm or deny rumors that Starbucks was trying to buy Williams-Sonoma, the retailer of fancy cookware.
Mr. Ryan and Mr. Crawford said the merger talks trace to a dinner a year ago in Providence, R.I., that began with discussion of routine relations between the companies (many employees of Caremark clients had their prescriptions filled at CVS pharmacies) and escalated into shared views on the future of health care.
In contrast to Morgan Stanley, Ms. Krawcheck said, Lehman had ''a very good quarter.''
In its statement, Morgan Stanley called the award ''legally deficient'' and a result of ''highly prejudicial rulings'' imposed by Judge Maass.
THE MARKETS: Market Place; As Intel Goes, So Goes the Rise in Stocks?
Two decades later, it was a factor in the role the I.B.M.
The Hurley Ridge Market, a nearby family grocery, has offered free delivery, and has been contacted by CVS to share the Grand Union space.
Mr. Womack wrote e-mail messages to Mr. Weisman signing them ''Sean and Julie'' that discussed the two leaving Wal-Mart to work in a venture with Draft FCB, Wal-Mart said in its filing.
He praised I.B.M.
Yahoo's revenue from selling advertising and other marketing services was $1.39 billion, up 27 percent.
Microsoft has said its reading of the appeals court decision is that the company still has the right to integrate new features into its Windows operating system as it sees fit.
Despite the optimistic assessment by Mr. Gates of Microsoft's ability to tackle security flaws, there were executives at the conference who said Microsoft was not helping computer users, but was merely advancing its own interests.
Georgia-Pacific Corp and Verizon Communications, two corporate members of powerful coalition Business for Affordable Medicine that is lobbying for legislation to bring generic drugs to market more quickly, leave group or reduce their roles after companies that make brand-name medicines threaten to end contracts with companies; Georgia-Pacific asks that it no longer be listed as member on coalition's Web site after receiveing pressure from Eli Lilly; Verizon has been pressed by Wyeth (M)
Microsoft and the government are each entitled to file rebuttal documents with the judge in the coming weeks.
Kenneth I Chenault, president and chief operating officer of American Express Company, gives each child in second grade of Fieldston School an invalid American Express credit card; photo (S)
Intel Corp reverses plan to activate identifying signature in its next generation of computer chips, bowing to protests that technology would compromise privacy of users; Intel, which makes about 85 percent of world's computer processors, had said that serial number on Pentium III chips would enhance security of electronic commerce and guard against software piracy, but advocacy groups warned of further erosion of Internet anonymity that would allow companies to collect and sell detailed profiles of consumers; Intel now says user will have to voluntarily turn on identification system; Marc Rotenberg of Electronic Privacy Information Center warns concession is only temporary fix (M)
Using this approach, the News Corporation hopes to succeed where other Western Internet ventures have failed.
The agreement is subject to approval from Icann's board, VeriSign's board and the United States Commerce Department.
Delta to Buy Only Boeing Jets for 20 Years
A more modest structural remedy would be to force Microsoft to auction off its Windows programming code, along with the Windows brand name, to two to four companies.
It can insulate DuPont from the relentless rise in gas and oil prices.
They also point to a precedent in which Motorola defeated a challenge by the N.B.A.
Agency lawyers announced on Friday that the witnesses they planned to call included executives from companies that have been Intel customers.
''I started working for Exxon and I used to think of Exxon as a refining company,'' Mr. Greehey said.
Medtronic To Acquire A Treatment For Obesity
In the latest trouble, Mr. Watson said, the company had a problem with its e-mail distribution servers, which are powerful computers responsible for distributing to individual users the e-mail messages received by the Comcast system.
But more recently, he and some other independent software developers have grown wary as they have watched Microsoft's efforts -- including plans for a set of tools for programmers called Visual Studio .Net that Microsoft intends to release later this year.
Nonetheless, the contract was a significant victory for Boeing, which beat out the United Missile Defense Company, a joint venture among three companies with more experience in space and missile technology: Lockheed Martin, Raytheon and TRW.
and Boeing said they agreed with another board recommendation, for intensive additional study of the rudder mechanism, which the board also blamed for the crash of United Airlines Flight 585 as it tried to land at Colorado Springs in March 1991.
But in the large trials now under way, Pfizer is testing the drug only in combination with Lipitor.
Union Pacific Railroad chairman-chief executive Richard K Davidson says railroad will resist plans by Federal regulators meant to restore competition because results would only further erode service; Davidson makes remarks during interview while on inspection tour from Fort Worth to Dallas, Tex; Davidson speaks three days after Surface Transportation Board ordered broadest review of rules governing railroads since they were deregulated in early 1980's; Davidson, attributing clogged tracks and yards to too much traffic and too little capacity, rather than too few carriers, says that even giving rivals temporary access to its tracks in Texas has only compounded tie-ups; photo (L)
Article on Fifth Third Bank in Cincinnati focuses on incentives offered to employees who are able to get new customers for bank; says sales employees can earn as much as 125 percent over their base salary in profit sharing, incentive pay, stock options and other sweeteners; Katherine J Koch, who manages branch bank, comments; photo (M)
Adobe has not said how many of Macromedia's 1,400 employees will be laid off in the coming months, or what it plans for Macromedia's headquarters in San Francisco.
Most of today's popular commercial adventure and role-playing games for PC's will install the latest version of Microsoft's DirectX software for multimedia (if your system is not already up to date) as well as a program that checks for updates and online components.
After the sale, cash flooded into the funds, as Franklin began introducing them to the thousands of brokers at Wall Street's major brokerage firms who sell the other Franklin Templeton funds.
Officially, the industry chose to respond Tuesday by seizing on one idea that Mr. Jobs raised -- licensing Apple's own copy-protection system -- even though he went on to reject it.
McAfee fell in December when Microsoft said it had acquired a security software company, the same day that Symantec and Veritas announced their merger plans.
Microsoft has contended that removing programs like the Internet Explorer browser and Windows Media Player from the operating system would produce chaos in the market and would prevent Windows from working properly with other applications.
Procter & Gamble Co, in shift likely to influence many other companies, is making significant changes in way its ad agencies develop and create advertising aimed at black consumers; changes will team up agencies specializing in campaigns aimed at African-Americans with their general-market counterparts; previously, minority pitches for Procter products were typically developed through separate process, after ads were created for general market; Procter will start sponsoring campaigns aimed at black consumers for about dozen big brands; photo (M)
By Tuesday, after making up some specious excuse for going to the mall, I found myself in a dressing room at the Gap (I had not been in a Gap for about two years), surrounded by a huge pile of pink T-shirts, polo shirts and henleys that I had no memory of trying on.
Richard Aboulafia, an aerospace analyst with the Teal Group, said the 787 has allowed Boeing to outgun rival Airbus.
''First, your statements reflect a disturbing and misguided perspective on Morgan Stanley's alleged misconduct,'' Mr. Donaldson wrote.
After Netscape declined the deal, the Government says, Microsoft embarked on a campaign to crush Netscape, the early leader in the browser market, and stifle competition.
The only agreements revealed by the evidence which could be termed so ''exclusive'' as to merit scrutiny under the Section 1 Rule of Reason test are the agreements Microsoft signed with Compaq, AOL and several other OLSs, the top ICPs, the leading ISVs, and Apple.
Adelphia Communications hires Wall Street investment banks Salomon Smith Barney unit of Citigroup, Bank of America and Credit Suisse First Boston to advise it as it considers asset sales to pay down debt (S)
Microsoft wanted to make the disclosure on its own terms instead of allowing Oracle lawyers to break the news in court.
*After Spyglass Inc. began supplying Microsoft with its early browser technology, Microsoft announced that it would give away its browser free.
Analysts had warned that a lengthy dispute could damage morale at Boeing, just when the company's commercial jet division had begun to show signs of a financial recovery.
Health Sec Tommy G Thompson says bids to make 246 million does of smallpox vaccine are coming in far higher than $509 million he expected; remaining bidders are Merck, GlaxoSmithKline and Acambis (S)
Company reports show AT&T Wireless had the most defections by customers in the first quarter, while Verizon Wireless had the fewest.
Cisco Systems Inc leads battle to control how standard voice phone calls will be transmitted using technology known as Internet telephony or voice-over-IP; Internet protocol systems are selling well in niche phone markets, but are still too unreliable, often deliver low sound quality and are perhaps too expensive to become underlying network language for mainstream phone calls; biggest appeal is that IP can be used on millions of existing corporate and institutional networks based on Internet protocol and with personal computers and other devices for which Internet protocol is already lingua franca; tables; photos (M)
Coca-Cola Co assigns new ad work to Berlin Cameron/Red Cell in New York; Alltel names Campbell-Ewald as its creative agency of record (S)
But the current controversy dates back to June, when Xerox discovered accounting improprieties at its Mexican operations and announced an investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Priceline.com said yesterday that its losses widened and its sales plunged in the fourth quarter, throwing the company's viability further in doubt.
Boeing Co reports third-quarter earnings rose 13 percent to $254 million, up from $225 million in 1995 period; table (M)
Today, I.B.M.
Douglas N. Daft became chairman and chief executive of the Coca-Cola  Company yesterday as M. Douglas Ivester moved up his retirement date.
Microsoft's Japan unit said the company disagreed with the ruling and planned to appeal.
The alliance appears more limited than those being struck between European carriers and MCI and Sprint, he said, because AT&T's European partners are investing relatively little capital and they have modest-sized networks.
Ms. Williams would not say why they left, whether they would be replaced or whether Wal-Mart would reassess any decisions they had made.
The plane, the Embraer 190, is part of a family of four next-generation, 70-to-118-seat jets that may finally thrust Embraer past its archrival in the regional jet market, Bombardier Inc. of Montreal, and also allow Embraer to gobble up a potentially lucrative aviation niche ignored by the world's top two aircraft makers, Airbus and Boeing.
Mr. Monti, lawyers for Microsoft suggested, may have felt emboldened to take a tougher stance at the 11th hour by the endorsement of his ruling by all 15 of the European Union's countries.
''As efforts to block Wal-Mart stores in the continental United States continue, Wal-Mart desperately needs to be successful in South America and in southern Asia,'' he said.
Way Cleared for PepsiCo to Acquire Quaker
Practically overnight, the bar for future success rose much higher, and Wall Street quickly concluded that nothing else in Boston Scientific's new product portfolio could measure up.
Wal-Mart Stores' British unit Asda narrowly averts costly strike after reaching agreement with GMB, union representing distribution center employees across Britain; strike call threatened what is expected to be one of busiest shopping weekends of year, when England plays Portugal in World Cup and Asda is expected to sell 10 million bottles of beer; photo (M)
The program would also allow AT&T to develop business in schools and display  new products to parents.
''Investors expected to hear from the new finance minister about his plans to reduce the budget,'' Daniel Tenengauzer of Goldman Sachs told the daily Haaretz.
Indeed, some argue that Yahoo's dalliance with trendy concepts like tagging -- a way for users to add labels to Internet content -- is too obscure for its mainstream audience, and that it may be ceding to Google its position as the most streamlined, easy-to-use service.
Moreover, while many computer companies applaud the Federal lawsuit against Microsoft, in which a ruling is expected this summer, and thus may have a reason to reward Mr. Gore, the case is also a reminder that the Government has the potential to wield enormous power in shaping the industry, all the more reason for computer executives to take an interest in campaigns.
Mr. Economides would force Microsoft to rewrite its contracts with many or all of its partners, customers and suppliers, ''to be sure that the violations in the suit'' -- like Microsoft's restrictive contracts with online service providers -- ''will not happen again.''
Analysts expected Yahoo to earn 13 cents a share on revenue of $320 million in the first quarter.
Now if only Microsoft could do something about that cheap suit.
But right now, Apple still seems far from seeing the light at the end of its own tunnel vision.
And in their meetings with the commissioners last week, according to lawyers involved in the talks, Intel officials argued that the company must retain the right to decide who has access to the company's intellectual property, rather than cede that power to the Government.
The 19-page complaint is a broad-brush document arguing that Microsoft's Windows operating system, which runs 90 percent of all personal computers in the world, is poorly designed, flaw-ridden, and that the company ships software it knows is riddled with security flaws.
Several analysts expect Bank of America and JPMorgan to begin moving away from existing loan packagers, like First Marblehead, and to Sallie Mae.
Boeing Co beats Wall Street earnings estimates for third consecutive quarter; says third-quarter profit grew 37 percent; net income was $477 million compared with profit of $347 million in year-earlier quarter; revenue rose 4 percent, to $13.28 billion from 12.72 billion (M)
Conrail shareholders gave yesterday's events mixed reviews, with some anxious to grab CSX's new offer and run, while others continued to favor Norfolk Southern's sweeter bid.
But after a trying week in which one of the company's top executives resigned, eBay is facing new concerns over executive turnover and management succession, adding to what may be an even bigger challenge: an invasion of its turf by Google.
Late last year, Microsoft introduced a suite of software tools for making so-called casual games called XNA.
''In their audits of Xerox, KPMG and its partners abdicated that responsibility.''
The complaint suggests that the issues at stake in Marriott's legal battles with large hotel owners are now troubling at least one investor.
Coke Earnings Soar, Yet Its Stock Price Falls
Pfizer, the world's largest drug company, is having a bad year.
As a result, many analysts had been saying that Boston Scientific's shares were undervalued, and some skeptics like Matthew Dodds, who follows the industry for Citigroup's Smith Barney subsidiary, had predicted that they could trade as low as $25 unless the company acquired new short-term growth opportunities.
"The question is, at a time when AT&T is going through this wrenching transition, is this fair?"
Stripping out the 12 cents a share from the sale of the Hawaiian business, Verizon earned 63 cents a share, a penny less than Wall Street analysts had expected.
Settlement talks were completed late Sunday night, according to a Yahoo spokeswoman, Nicki Dugan.
Pfizer pleads guilty and agrees to pay $430 million to resolve criminal and civil charges that it paid doctors to prescribe epilepsy drug Neurontin to patients with ailments that drug was not federally approved to treat; Dr David P Franklin, medical adviser to Warner-Lambert, which Pfizer acquired, will receive $26.64 million of settlement for bringing lawsuit under federal 'whistle-blower' law; doctors are free to prescribe any federally approved drug for whatever use they use, but pharmaceutical companies are not allowed to promote drugs for nonapproved purposes; photo (M)
I.B.M.
You can't beat that at Wal-Mart.
But by then Merck had a test under way to answer the aspirin question and the interim findings were not promising.
Windows Service Pack 2 contains features that are supposed to keep your PC safer from intruders, Internet worms and other online perils; more information for home computer users is at www.microsoft.com/athome/security/default.mspx.
Relying on this language, the plaintiffs assert that Microsoft's anticompetitive efforts to maintain its monopoly power in the market for Intel-compatible PC operating systems warrant additional liability as an illegal attempt to amass monopoly power in ''the browser market.''
Incorporating the charge into the results, Kodak said that for the quarter it posted a net loss of $744 million, or $2.29 a share.
Beginning this week, the company will rely instead on revenue from advertisements placed by the Yahoo ad placement service.
Boston Scientific spent over $1 billion on 16 such deals last year and expects to match that figure in 2005.
''The state of business at General Motors Corporation is strong,'' he told shareholders in 2000, adding later that the company's success ''gives us a great chance to build off what we're doing.''
Documents for 2000 transaction between American International Group and General Re, unit of Berkshire Hathaway, which is at center of wide-ranging insurance probe, were doctored two months after deal was struck, according to executives with direct knowledge of transaction; say deal served to spruce up AIG's financial reports, ultimately bolstering its stock price; regulators, and now companies, say way that deal was accounted for was improper; why documents were altered by midlevel General Re employees is not entirely clear, but one regulator says it was done in way that allowed AIG to account for transaction in favorable way; AIG's former chief executive Maurice R Greenberg will appear before regulators and law enforcement officials in New York on April 12 to discuss series of suspect financial transactions; Warren E Buffett, chairman and chief executive of Berkshire Hathaway, will appear before regulators and investigators on April 11 as cooperating witness in investigation, not target, and regulators describe his appearance as interview; photos (M)
Unless they took action to prevent the switch, which MBNA presented as an ''automatic upgrade,'' they would receive American Express cards to replace their existing cards.
Moreover, in the approval documents submitted to senior Citigroup credit officers -- and cited in the Times article -- senior officers of the bank were informed that Enron had ''verbally agreed'' to pay back the money.
John W. Rowe, Aetna's chief executive, plans to announce the company's program tonight at a meeting of mental health experts in Atlanta.
But it's hard to remain impassive when you're sitting within the reality-distortion field that surrounds Apple's evangelical C.E.O.
Goldman, Sachs & Co. and Morgan Stanley Dean Witter.
Until today, Boeing had appeared unwilling to alter or drop those arrangements, as the Europeans had demanded.
That operation is a cable partnership in which AT&T received a stake as part of the MediaOne acquisition.
Verizon shares closed at $35.40, down 58 cents, or 1.6 percent.
And many Boeing workers, as well as people here with no official connection to the company, seemed shell-shocked.
The news of the delay led two rating services, Standard & Poor's and Fitch Ratings, to reduce their ratings of Interpublic's debt, and Fitch put Interpublic's credit rating on negative watch.
The hearing follows an appeals court ruling last June that Microsoft illegally stifled nascent threats to its monopoly in computer operating systems posed by the Netscape Web browser and the Java programming language of Sun Microsystems.
Oracle executives, however, have continually called the issue of the refund program a moot point because the company plans to continue supporting PeopleSoft's products after the merger.
They are Kathy Delaney, managing partner and executive creative director at Deutsch in New York, owned by the Interpublic Group of Companies; David Droga, global executive creative director at Publicis Worldwide in New York, part of the Publicis Groupe; Susan Mboya, associate director for African-American multicultural business development at the Procter & Gamble Company in Cincinnati; and John Osborn, director for integrated marketing at BBDO North America in New York, part of the BBDO Worldwide division of the Omnicom Group.
Following on the success of its Oasis recliner -- the first reclining chair to have a six-pack-size beverage cooler built into the arm -- La-Z-Boy worked with Microsoft's WebTV Networks division to create the ultimate throne for mouse potatoes who want to surf the Net, send and receive e-mail and watch TV at the same time.
Sun's complaint to European competition regulators in 1998 led to the commission's investigation of Microsoft.
''We are constantly looking for ways to enhance everything we do,'' said Bob Bertini, a spokesman for Coca-Cola in Atlanta.
Symantec, based in Cupertino, Calif., has in recent years been at the forefront of an effort to track the perpetrators of computer viruses and other security breaches.
Morgan Stanley's return on its shareholders' equity was 31 percent in 2000, compared with 27 percent for Goldman Sachs.
One reason, he suggested, was Boeing's ability to deliver the 777 as early as 2009, as well as the flexibility of the twin-engine long-haul plane for many different routes.
Oracle, based in Redwood Shores, Calif., reported its results after the close of regular trading.
Staff lawyers at the Department of Justice are recommending that the agency seek to block the Oracle Corporation's $9.4 billion hostile takeover of PeopleSoft Inc. on the grounds that the deal would be anticompetitive, PeopleSoft said late Tuesday.
The stock market rose sharply yesterday, led by a surge in technology issues, as Wall Street anticipated that Microsoft and the Justice Department would settle the long-running antitrust case against the software company.
To meet with a staff designer, who helps you lay out your space and select materials, the Home Depot, Expo and Boffi require retainers ($100, $750 and $2,000 respectively); Ikea's consultations are free.
Where the company Mr. Yang and David Filo created just six years ago once viewed itself as a kind of Switzerland of the Internet, a neutral portal through which all kinds of content providers could pass, it recently has been moving to create content of its own, including a financial news broadcast.
Intel has linked with Icici Bank, one of India's largest lenders, to help consumers finance their computers.
Microsoft is trying again to reconcile the PC operating system with the Internet.
It apparently hoped that Boston Scientific's stock would decline so far that Guidant shareholders would begin to doubt the deal's value.
The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation said yesterday that William H. Gates, the founder of the Microsoft Corporation, and his wife, Melinda, have donated an additional $5 billion to their philanthropic foundation, making it the world's wealthiest, with assets of $21.8 billion.
If your MP3 player holds only enough music to get you halfway to work, you could either get a new job or Intel's Pocket Concert MP3 player, which holds up to four hours of music.
Since those contracts expired as last year went on, they will no longer provide a basis for comparison for Yahoo's quarterly reports, she said.
Mr. Reynolds of Instapundit.com said he recently was invited to Wal-Mart's offices but declined.
What are the implications for Intel?
But the announcement means that Microsoft is pulling back from a simpler approach to giving consumers more control over their cookies by letting them block all ''third party'' cookies, those originating from sites other than the one that the Web surfer is visiting.
Motorola Inc will shut down production at company's last domestic cellular phone plant, in Harvard, Ill, laying off all 2,500 manufacturing workers; 2,500 employees there will continue to handle distribution, engineering and marketing (M)
Users of Apple Computer's itunes music service will be able to play songs on some Motorola cellphones beginning next year; agreement is first for cellular phone industry (S)
WPP Unit Assigned New Kellogg Line
In his letter to Mr. Dolan, which was made public, Mr. Goldhammer said that a special committee of ImClone directors ''concluded that there is no need, nor would it be in the best interests of ImClone Systems' stockholders, to renegotiate the terms of our existing partnership arrangements with Bristol-Myers Squibb.''
Mr. Demisch cut his 1997 Boeing earnings estimate to $1 a share from $2 a share and reduced his 1998 estimate to $2 a share from $3.
The New York Times editorial board, which met Monday with Mr. Padden in a meeting planned the week before, and discussed the issue with Time Warner spokesmen, published an editorial that said the threat to Disney by a combined AOL and Time Warner was real.
The Simon Property Group, the nation's largest mall owner, took its $1.5 billion bid for Taubman Centers directly to shareholders yesterday.
The results were so impressive that Mr. Rashid was able to persuade Microsoft's game division to finance development of the project.
The board of Disney on Wednesday asked Mr. Eisner and his advisers to analyze Comcast's bid.
London office of TBWA Worldwide, part of Omnicom Group, takes top honors in commercials category at annual International Advertising Festival, Cannes, France; other winners noted (S)
Measured in local currency to eliminate the effect of the rising dollar, I.B.M.
The Interpublic Group of Companies in New York said yesterday that it had opened a sports marketing unit named Octagon, to symbolize eight aspects of sports marketing like licensing, merchandising and event marketing.
Pressure had grown on Time Warner as politicians in Washington and New York either urged Time Warner to put ABC back on the air or declared they would hold hearings on the issue.
Active Health Management, a health data technology unit of the Aetna insurance company, has been helping to identify Marriott workers who are eligible to volunteer for the heart, diabetes or asthma programs.
Shares of Guidant Corp, heart device maker, decline as investors take news that company has received two Justice Department subpoenas as further sign that Johnson & Johnson will reduce or abandon its $25.4 billion offer to buy Guidant (M)
After protests by thousands of its workers, I.B.M.
John Bonomo, a spokesman for Verizon in New York, said the decision came after a three-month review that had been narrowed to the Draft/Zenith combination and four finalists he declined to identify.
Bristol-Myers Squibb, another large maker of brand-name AIDS drugs, makes the AIDS drug stavudine, which it sells under the brand name Zerit in the United States for about $3,400 a year.
In his first year, Mr. Russell and other analysts say, Mr. Bell has been able to strengthen Interpublic's balance sheet by selling noncore assets.
Costco sells lots of things cheaply.
Bank of America will announce that its business supporting high net-worth customers will be called US Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management; takes advantage of last year's $3.3 billion purchase of US Trust; marks first time bank has adopted name of acquired business; competitors say merger and rebranding effort will weaken US Trust name because of bank's strong retail heritage; photos (M)
But the unions say A.T.& T. aggravated this already painful situation for the unions by seeking to eliminate the remaining positions that were seemingly difficult to automate or leave unfilled.
Boeing and Lockheed Martin, companies that build and repair shuttles and have most at stake in future of program, will take major role in tandem with NASA in investigating Columbia accident; they jointly own United Space Alliance, prime contractor to NASA on shuttle program and have $11.9 billion contract that runs through Sept 2004; alliance farms out much of its work and some industry experts have criticized outsourcing procedures and NASA's oversight practices; company officials are not commenting on possible causes of explosion and are unsure whether companies are liable for damages; other major subcontractors noted; photos (M)
Court Rules For I.B.M.
Separately, Apple said it was increasing the speed of the iMac to 300 megahertz, from 266 megahertz, while keeping the price at $1,199.
Because FedEx has a reputation for careful decision-making, the switch bolsters the reputation of the 777 at a time when the market for long-haul international cargo planes is growing faster than the international passenger market.
Apple will acquire technology and take on some employees as well as the direct marketing and build-to-order capabilities of Power Computing, which is based in Austin, Tex.
The four insurance brokers that have been issued subpoenas -- Marsh Inc., Willis Group Holdings, Aon and a smaller company, Kaye Insurance Associates in New York -- refuse to discuss the details of the investigations and, in a departure from its earlier investigations, Mr. Spitzer's office has refused to comment on the investigations or to confirm that it has issued subpoenas.
Besides The New York Times Company and Time Warner, the defendants in the case were Newsday, which is owned by the Times Mirror Company; Mead Data, a unit of the Dutch-British conglomerate Reed Elsevier P.L.C., which runs Nexis, a data service that provides the archives of many news organizations via computer, and University Microfilms, a division of Bell & Howell that for many years has provided the archives of The New York Times and many other newspapers on microfilm.
When Mr. Clark was president of the Merck manufacturing division, he ''was supportive of the campaign,'' said Len Tacconi, executive director for corporate communications at Merck in Whitehouse Station, N.J., ''and he remains that way as the new C.E.O.''
But in June, as part of a broader decision, a seven-judge panel from the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit held that Microsoft had repeatedly violated antitrust laws and illegally ''commingled'' browsing code with Windows in at least one instance.
Mr. Whitcomb said that in a lawsuit that Jani-King brought against Wal-Mart, charging breach of contract, Jani-King had failed to produce the letter and Mr. Drude had said in a sworn deposition that he had not communicated with anyone at Wal-Mart.
Microsoft has given its strongest signal yet that it hopes to reach a settlement of the European Union's long-running antitrust case.
And that brings us to Motorola's new Startac Clip-On Organizer, a $250 device that clips onto the back of the company's popular little Startac phone.
Exxon Plans to Lift Output A Million Barrels a Day
Those nonprescription sales account for about 30 percent of CVS's revenue.
Justice Dept and 19 state attorneys general are at odds about antitrust suits they filed together against Microsoft Corp almost two years ago; states reportedly feel Justice Dept is trying to ram through inadequate settlement proposal without involving them; lawyer close to settlement talks says states are tring to snatch credit for sinking talks in part because they feel left out; Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson has made it clear that he wants state and federal litigants to cooperate, and to present to him only one remedy proposal (M)
Investors punished Motorola yesterday, pushing the company's shares down 6.6 percent, to $17.50, as some equity and debt analysts downgraded the company.
And when these miscues occur at the same time, as they have recently, they spook not just investors in Wal-Mart -- its shares are down 5 percent this month -- but the broader stock market as well.
Correction:  June 29, 2000, Thursday  A picture caption in some copies yesterday with the continuation of a front-page article about an acknowledgment by the Oracle Corporation that it had hired a detective firm, Investigative Group International, to investigate groups sympathetic to the Microsoft Corporation misspelled the name of the chairman of the investigative firm.
Still, most analysts agree that Honeywell continues to trade as a takeover target.
In a conference call last week, Time Warner said that for the first time since the boom its backlog of long-term online advertising contracts had stopped declining, which means the new advertising revenue should begin to climb in the fourth quarter, helping its profits.
Visa, which is owned by a consortium of banks that share marketing and processing costs for the credit card network, had been sparring with the newly merged banking behemoths, especially Citigroup and the BankAmerica Corporation, about how advertising and related issues should be handled; additional board seats were awarded to help calm things down.
Consider PalmSource, whose share of the hand-held software market declined steadily after Microsoft introduced its Mobile Windows software.
Europe Reported Ready to Block Time Warner's Deal With EMI
Microsoft has tried to use its intellectual property policies as a marketing edge over Linux, a free operating system that competes with Windows.
He wants Kodak to be not just warm and fuzzy, but cool.
He noted that the original case's bundling accusation was very specific, referring only to Media Player, which has long since eclipsed its nearest rival, Real One Player, just as Microsoft's Web browser, Internet Explorer, long ago overtook Netscape Navigator.
VeriSign Inc., the largest registrar of Internet addresses, announced a proposed agreement today that would extend its control over the profitable .com domain until 2007 and avoid a government-mandated sale of its  name-registering business.
In the end, he said, ''AOL is worth more to Time Warner than it is to a private equity firm.''
Separately, Fox Entertainment Group, which is 83 percent owned by the News Corporation, said its net income in the quarter ended June 30 jumped to $35 million, or 5 cents a share, from $3 million, or 1 cent a share, reported a year earlier.
''Yahoo has lost its appetite for experimentation,'' said Toni Schneider, a former product development executive at Yahoo who is now chief executive of Automatic, a blogging software company.
Microsoft announced a partnership with eBay yesterday that will allow Office applications to tie into the online auction service.
Jokes spurred by Justice Department's antitrust suit against Microsoft Corp are spreading over Internet; examples cited; cartoon (M)
Nation's largest health insurers, which recruited elderly people to Medicare Health Maintenance Organizations by dangling free prescriptions, are eliminating drug coverage or demanding sharply higher payments for drugs and treatments from some of their sickest members; companies say they are losing so much money providing drug coverage that they have to limit what they offer if they are to stay in Medicare market; Secure Horizons is raising co-payments for drugs in eight states where it operates; Kaiser Permanente has placed new ceilings on drug payments; Aetna US Healthcare eliminated drug coverage last year; Health Net, formerly PHS Health Plans, set $750 annual limit for drug costs for each member in Brooklyn and Queens this year, down from $1,000 in 2001 (M)
''For all the hand-wringing over Wal-Mart's soft results, the world's largest retailer may be right on plan after all,'' Craig Johnson, president of Customer Growth Partners, retail consultants, wrote in a report.
The Johnson & Johnson division that sells the Tylenol line of pain relievers has dismissed the brand's United States creative agency of 28 years, Saatchi & Saatchi in New York, by eliminating the agency from a review for the assignment.
Endicott never served as I.B.M.
Merck, based in the industrial city of Darmstadt, is the world's oldest pharmaceutical company.
Linux accounts for 11 percent of the computing workload handled by new I.B.M.
Moody's Investors Service raises long-term credit rating of Greece in response to country's economic growth, lower budget deficit and reduced debt levels (S)
"We want to retain these guys in the business," said Dick Gray, head of investor relations for AT&T.
Boeing's engineers have also begun to feel the pinch of lost paychecks.
Correction:  December 18, 1998, Friday  A chart in Business Day on Tuesday with an article about Mattel's plans to acquire the Learning Company included one product incorrectly among those made by Mattel.
Mr. Corzine acknowledged while campaigning here today that the sale of most of his Goldman Sachs stock was restricted now by a contractual agreement he made with the investment bank when he resigned as its co-chairman.
The University of Connecticut and General Electric are forming a partnership that will allow engineering and business students and faculty members to work with G.E.
Verizon's V Cast, high-speed cellular phone network that delivers broadband Internet-quality video, debuts 24 Conspiracy and two other one-minute mobile episodes (referred to as mobisodes) especially shot and edited for cellphones; series, spinoff from TV program 24, is produced by Twentieth Century Fox Television; network gives subscribers access to some 300 video clips, most from two to three minutes long; Cingular and Sprint offer similar service, called MobiTV, which makes more than 20 channels of television available; photo (M)
The acquisition is the first for Boston Properties since Mr. Zuckerman and his business partner, Edward Linde, completed a public stock offering in June to transform the company into a real estate investment trust.
Mr. Baseler of Boeing said Airbus was using ''smoke and mirrors,'' because it was comparing planes with different numbers of seats.
On Monday alone, Microsoft's stock was off 6 percent, and Intel's almost 12 percent.
Most Silicon Valley entrepreneurs in post-dot-com boom era seek to position start-ups for quick and lucrative sale to industry giant rather than wait for uncertain payout of initial public offering; Aruba Networks, which sells wireless networks to corporate customers, bucks trend, having rejected takeover by Cisco Systems; Cisco later paid $450 million to buy Airespace Inc, Aruba's main rival; photos (M)
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter is introducing an investment fund that will track the Morgan Stanley Internet index, whose 29 stocks are chosen by Mary Meeker and other analysts at Morgan Stanley.
Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley followed their Wall Street peers Lehman Brothers and the Bear Stearns Company in reporting strong first-quarter earnings, fueled by continued strength in trading, most specifically bond trading and its subsidiary businesses.
For AT&T, the problem is that it would have to assume the risk of selling the shares at a time when cable stocks are slumping.
Amazon promised to transfer the $26.74 balance to my checking account within 14 days; all I had to do was provide my account number.
The benefit to Oracle is less clear, but it could give a lift to the company's new customer relationship management applications, or C.R.M., which manage tasks like sales contacts and service calls.
Waste Management also said that it would centralize much of its $3 billion in annual purchasing and would overhaul its strategy for managing its 23,000 vehicles.
Microsoft's fear of Pogo-ism is part of its corporate culture.
In a multimedia campaign with an estimated budget of $40 million that is scheduled to begin today, Deutsch Inc. in New York, owned by the Interpublic Group of Companies, is taking an offbeat tack to build awareness of and use for what the Verizon Information Services division now calls its SuperPages.
Jessica Sweeney, 34, who won the Nike marathon last year in 3 hours 8 minutes, savored breaking the tape at the finish line.
The announcement from the world's largest aerospace company caused a 13 percent drop in Boeing's share price and was one of the catalysts for a nearly 200-point decline in the Dow Jones industrial average.
But in eBay Stores' book category, I found a list of 209 other stores, so I typed ''Trixie Belden'' in the Search Stores query box and found four paperback books for sale at fixed prices ranging from $2 to $4.
Ms. Blakley of Wal-Mart, asked for a reaction to the GSD&M decision, replied: ''We appreciate the many years of marketing work we did together.
Wal-Mart did not rebut such attacks, even when Wal-Mart Watch released a 24-page report blasting the company's wages and benefits.
That change would be particularly effective, said Michael Megalli, a partner at Group 1066, a corporate identity consulting company in New York, in reaching an audience that General Motors ought to court more to help alleviate its problems: younger consumers.
The Pontiac-GMC division of the General Motors Corporation is shifting the GMC trucks account, with billings estimated at $70 million, between agencies owned by the Interpublic Group of Companies, according to executives close to the agencies involved.
The sanction, imposed by NASD, concerned sales of stock that Morgan Stanley affiliates had acquired, at prices well below the public offering price, months before Morgan Stanley took the companies public.
Indeed, if his proposed $60 billion acquisition of Pharmacia goes through, Pfizer will further eclipse GlaxoSmithKline, its next largest competitor.
The minutes of the supposed meeting have been attributed to Wendy Howell, who worked in Apple's legal department and has since left the company.
But picking it up through the expiration process has turned out to have its own complications, Mr. Koran said, particularly given the lack of clear information from VeriSign.
Marylise Lebranchu, the Consumer Minister of France, said that the Government food safety agency could give the all-clear to Coca-Cola in France on Wednesday.
Citigroup did not place a value on the options, which give Mr. Weill the right to buy shares for $32.05 each over four and a half years, starting in July 2004.
Saudi Prince Sees Promise In Apple Stake
The person at Halliburton told her to call Dresser Inc.
Testimony during the second week of trial in the consumer class-action lawsuit in Minnesota has revealed some embarrassing internal documents from Microsoft which were not disclosed in the bitter 1997 federal antitrust lawsuit that focused on the company's attempt to control the browser markets in the 1990's.
The Securities and Exchange Commission could -- on its own -- require Coca-Cola to consolidate.
Sales at General Motors dropped only 4.6 percent while those for the Chrysler unit of DaimlerChrysler fell 10 percent.
Microsoft said it had signed its first agreement to license its technology, almost three years after European Union antitrust regulators ordered the software company to share data to increase competition.
Google's decision to hire First Boston and Morgan Stanley was reported in The Wall Street Journal yesterday.
The country now has one major commercial aircraft producer, Boeing, which makes it a formidable competitor to Europe's Airbus Industrie consortium.
If Microsoft is found to have violated antitrust laws, the Justice Department will propose remedies to the judge, leading to a new round of courtroom arguments.
Bravo Group Wins A Clorox Account
Morgan Stanley said yesterday that it had multiple grounds to appeal the ruling.
There, for example, a browser would find the summary report on Pfizer's pediatric tests of Diflucan.
Redesigned versions of General Motors' full-size sport utilities, including the Chevrolet Tahoe and Cadillac Escalade, introduced recently as 2007 models, were lowered and also have so-called compatibility brackets installed on the bottom to prevent them from riding up onto another vehicle.
A.T.& T. Pulls Plug On Selleck's Voice
Increasingly, Flextronics and its closest rivals -- Solectron, which is the biggest company in the sector; Celestica; and SCI Systems -- are providing a full spectrum of manufacturing and design services to companies including Microsoft, Motorola, Cisco Systems and Palm.
John Simley, another Wal-Mart spokesman, said workers had misunderstood the policy.
Mr. Ballmer, who took over from William H. Gates as Microsoft's chief executive earlier this year, said Mr. Gates had traveled to Sydney, Australia, to see the opening of the Olympics last week and that he was still on vacation.
They left in 2000 after the merger that morphed the agency into Lowe Lintas & Partners Worldwide, part of the Lowe Group division of the Interpublic Group of Companies.
But since the hijackings, he said, much has changed where he works, the main Southwest Airlines checkpoint at Oakland International Airport.
This morning, Microsoft ended the cross-examination of William H. Harris, the chief executive of Intuit Inc., which makes the industry-leading personal finance software, Quicken.
Then the Justice Department sued to block Oracle's hostile bid, claiming it was anticompetitive because it would reduce the number of major rivals in the business software market from three to two, which could drive up prices.
Microsoft introduces software, Windows Media Player 7, that allows owners of digital assistants using Pocket PC to play home movies on them; photo (S)
World Business Briefing: Europe: Britain: Ex-Citigroup Executive Hired
Intel said Thursday that it planned a sweeping reorganization aimed at greater efficiencies and reduced costs in an effort to get back on track after another quarter of declining profit and lost market share.
The advisory committee is scheduled to meet early next year to discuss the safety of Celebrex and Bextra, two painkillers made by Pfizer, which are also COX-2 drugs.
''I had no doubt that Christian would be more Morgan Stanley than 95 percent of the people at Morgan Stanley,'' said Dr. William Curry, Mr. Curry's father.
Cisco said that it expected its growth would be flat or would decline 5 percent in its third quarter and that growth would be flat in the fourth quarter.
Shares of J. P. Morgan Chase, also in the spotlight with Citigroup at a Senate hearing, fell $4.44, or 18 percent, to $20.08 a share, which is just above the company's book value.
Shares of I.B.M., which reported its results after the end of regular trading, closed at $171.875, up $2.125, on the New York Stock Exchange.
New York State Atty Gen Eliot L Spitzer says his office has uncovered widespread illegal trading by hedge funds and mutual fund companies; Spitzer, in announcing settlement with Edward J Stern and his hedge fund Canary Capital Partners, says it is just first step in broad-based probe of how mutual fund companies conduct their trading operations; accuses fund companies of favoring short-term interests of institutional clients over individuals who invest for long term; Stern and Canary Capital Partners agree to pay $40 million in fines and restitution to settle New York State case without admitting wrongdoing; Spitzer contends Canary entered into quid pro quo agreement with Bank of America's fund business that allowed Canary to buy and sell fund shares after market closed and then trade them next day for substantial profit; state and federal securities law prohibit investors to buy or sell mutual fund shares--at that day's price--after market has closed and then profit by trading them next day; Bank of America's funds allegedly received hundreds of millions in investments from Stern as well as commissions; Spitzer says other mutual funds engaged in similar practices with Canary; photo (M)
Mr. Ive, the vice president of industrial design at Apple Computers and the father of the iMac, left, was awarded $40,000.
But Kellogg could still advertise Frosted Flakes to children because it has 11 grams of sugar.
Before introduction of the Athlon in August, Advanced Micro lacked a high-performance product, and had no choice but to compete with Intel at the low end.
Hull pledged, but that does not mean that Yahoo will take down every online club that is subject to a complaint.
Former Dow Chemical executives Romeo Kreinberg and J Pedro Reinhard sue after being fired for allegedly holding unauthorized acquisition talks with third parties; case will examine involvement of J P Morgan Chase chief executive James Dimon and determine if incident was just excuse for Dow Chemical chief executive Andrew N Liveris to fire problem executives; photos; graph (M)
In June, VeriSign agreed to obey a court order to stop mailing out ''domain name expiration notices'' to customers of its rivals.
To many investors and industry analysts, the move signals Microsoft's interest in becoming a dominant player in the lucrative antivirus field.
Most analysts and investors say that Norfolk Southern must win the court battle, otherwise the monetary value of its offer will decline over the two years it must wait, making the bid less enticing for shareholders.
A year ago, the Giuliani administration rebuffed Time Warner when the company asked for tax breaks for its proposed new headquarters at Columbus Circle.
Coca-Cola Co and PepsiCo are caught in controversy in India over water consumed by their bottling plants in southern India; village government of Pudussery, rural community in Palghat district of Kerala state, has revoked water-use license of Pepsi bottling plant there because plant depleted community's groundwater to point of causing shortage; license is not due to expire until 2005; plant belonging to Hindustan Coca-Cola Beverages in nearby Perumatty was denied license renewal last month on similar grounds; company appealed to Kerala High Court, which reversed village's decision; Coke and Pepsi dominate country's $1.2 billion market for soft drinks; both companies insist they have not overused water resources (M)
AT&T's Expansion Angers E.D.S.
People who have not yet filed claims against Honeywell or Halliburton for asbestos-related injuries would be compensated out of trusts that each company would establish, he said.
JUST outside the security door to the Symantec Antivirus Research Center in Santa Monica, Calif., is a wall-length mural depicting engineers like those inside as superhumans and film noir detectives.
FBI agents search Speedera; company is uncertain about reasons for search, given that affidavit supporting search is sealed; Speedera has received civil complaint from competitor Akamai contending there was trade secret theft by Speedera's co-founder-chief technology officer Richard Day; Akamai says its proprietary information about customer Web site performance was stolen by Speedera from computers of Keynote Systems, company that tracks Web site performance (S)
Kodak is also up against consumer resistance to paying now to save later.
The uncertainty has a greater impact on Boston Scientific than on Johnson & Johnson, a far larger and more diversified company of which Cordis is only one unit.
Preston Padden, executive who spearheaded News Corp's troubled efforts to start satellite service that could deliver both local and national television programming, resigns; departure of Padden comes four days after $1 billion deal between News Corp, which is controlled by Rupert Murdoch, and Echostar Communications Corp, unraveled; deal would have created service called Sky, which could offer 500 channels, including local broadcast stations; such a service had been considered major threat to cable television industry; photo (L)
Officials at the Electronic Frontier Foundation, the American Civil Liberties Union and the Center for Democracy and Technology say they support Yahoo's stance favoring less censorship.
''Wal-Mart: The High Cost of Low Price.''
He is suing Wal-Mart for wrongful discharge, libel, invasion of privacy and intentional infliction of emotional distress.
Mr. Boies directed question after question at Microsoft's first witness, Richard L. Schmalensee, an economist who is the dean of the Sloan School of Management at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Service Pack 2, Microsoft's latest major update for the Windows XP operating system, puts a strong emphasis on defensive computing and includes new features like a pop-up-ad blocker for Internet Explorer and a centralized console for all your security software settings called Windows Security Center.
Laurence J. Kirshbaum, the chairman and chief executive of the Time Warner Book Group, said in a memo to employees that he would step down at the end of the year.
Television commercials extolling the virtues of giving gifts of trips on Carnival Cruise Lines ships started appearing Oct. 9, during the baseball playoffs.
Interpublic Taps Rajan As Unit's Finance Chief
Prince conceded that Citigroup's current focus on growing internally and the high values of possible targets made the prospect of a big acquisition unlikely for the time being.
This week, shareholders at Coca-Cola easily re-elected Warren E. Buffett to the board, and Sanford I. Weill had even less trouble retaining his seat as chairman of Citigroup.
News Corporation hopes the spinoff will help it make further acquisitions and deliver wireless broadband Internet services.
''If Microsoft provided a reasonable level of benefits to all employees, if Microsoft grew up and acted like the major employer it is and not a small business, no one would be thinking about a union.''
Correction:  April 2, 2003, Wednesday  An article in Business Day yesterday about the securities of Kraft Foods -- a unit of the Altria Group, which also owns Philip Morris USA -- misstated the nature and outcome of a tobacco lawsuit in Illinois against Philip Morris.
The privacy policy of Yahoo states that the company sometimes uses Web bugs, but does not say explicitly that it places them on personal pages of its users.
''I can't understand what the advantage of this exclusivity agreement is unless Boeing is terrified of Airbus.''
Yet I.B.M.
Over the years, I've been inside most current models of corporate jets, from the light-cabin Cessna Citation Bravos to the bowling-alley expanses of the luxury Boeing Business Jets, which are basically 737's with most of the seats out and a bedroom in the back.
Trading was halted in shares of Globo Cabo S.A., Brazil's largest cable television company, contributing to speculation it had struck a deal that would give the Microsoft Corporation a foothold in Brazil's nascent market for high-speed Internet access through cable TV.
Coca-Cola said yesterday that it would set the value of the options by asking investment banks to submit firm bids to buy or sell options under the identical terms of the options being granted.
Notably, according to I.B.M.
Red Hat Linux 8.0, released this week, comes in a basic personal edition for $39.95, compared with $199 for the full version of Windows XP Home Edition and $129 for Mac OS X 10.2 from Apple.
Verizon Communications, which recently put its corporate headquarters up for sale and began shopping around the country for a potential new home, has decided to remain in New York after Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg began an aggressive campaign to keep the company in the city, three people with knowledge of the agreement said.
Of course, Pfizer's plans for torcetrapib will be moot if the drug does not work or has unexpected side effects.
Two years after financing a magazine intended to test the viability of starting a magazine division, the News Corporation is getting out of the magazine business entirely.
''No one looks at the back of a photo for the Kodak watermark,'' said Ulysses Yannas, an analyst with Buckman, Buckman & Reid.
It lets Xerox capitalize on Tektronix's solid-ink technology, a low-cost printing method that melts crayon-consistency ink into droplets that resolidify on paper.
Analysis; talks aimed at settling securities lawsuits against Arthur Andersen by Enron Corp shareholders came down to decision by Wall Street to try to limit its own liability for Enron's collapse; several big banks are in curious position of being both defendants and potential plaintiffs in Andersen litigation, which is seeking billions of dollars for losses of Enron investors, lenders and retirees; banks, including J P Morgan Chase and Citigroup, are defendants because shareholders' lawyers say they contributed to Enron's downfall; they are potential plaintiffs because they lent money to company (M)
Mr. Icahn's group hinted yesterday that rather than field a slate of directors to replace Time Warner's 14-member board at its annual meeting in May, he was now considering putting forward only five directors.
This year, Chevron plants to drill some new wells in the field, which is estimated to have total reserves of six billion to nine billion barrels.
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter yesterday accused a former employee who filed a discrimination suit against it of brazenly stealing the firm's money through systematic false expense claims, and said that the employee's contentions of racism and homophobia at the firm amounted to an ''extortion scheme.''
The announcement is the most recent signal by A. G. Lafley, Procter's chief executive, that he intends to streamline the sprawling consumer products company and is willing to jettison some of Procter's oldest brands in the process.
McCann-Erickson will now represent Interpublic in the review.
The dueling lawsuits present two possible situations: Were the two men rogue agents trying to put Dow Chemical in play?
As of Oct. 1, Microsoft is changing the way large customers buy software programs in volume.
C.V. Starr, a low-profile, privately held insurance company that does business with A.I.G., is also a conduit of compensation for its 80 partners, the top executives of the American International Group.
The commission has drafted a preliminary ruling that finds Microsoft guilty of abusing the dominant position of its Windows operating system -- a finding that is expected to be supported by the national regulators, the diplomat said.
''They really wanted Disney, but what does Comcast want now?''
Mr. Adelman said that Campbell had an excellent quarter, ''but it didn't have that difficult a comparison'' with last year.
Boston Scientific said the deal could return ''hundreds of millions of dollars'' over time to Reva investors if the stent, which has yet to be tested in humans, becomes a major product.
Silicon Graphics Inc. said yesterday that it would spin off its microprocessor design subsidiary as part of a strategy to build computers using the Intel Corporation's chips.
Boston Scientific says ruling by Dutch appeals court will block production, use and sale in Netherlands of drug-coated stents made by Johnson & Johnson's Cordis subsidiary; Dutch court reinstates shutdown order that has been issued in June by Dutch trial judge in patent dispute (M)
Yahoo announces broad deal with publishers representing 264 newspapers to sell national advertising across their Web sites; it may be clearest sign to date of company's efforts to extends its advertising platform beyond panoply of Yahoo sites; Yahoo's deal with newspapers is extension of agreement announced in November with smaller group of publishers; it also represents vote of confidence for Yahoo's revamped search advertising technology, which company unveiled earlier in year (M)d
Over all, Wal-Mart said, 75 percent of its workers have some form of health insurance, either through Wal-Mart, a spouse or a previous job.
And, he added, Microsoft's prospects on appeal can only improve.
Earlier, the Williamson County Agricultural Association, which puts on the annual country fair in Marion, Ill., in the southern part of the state, sued Aon.
Human Genome Sciences names H Thomas Watkins, former executive at Abbott Laboratories, as its new chief executive, succeeding William A Haseltine (S)
A year later, when Mr. Coughlin was accused of misusing more than $500,000 in company funds through fraudulent reimbursements, the union project became the heart of his defense, and it immediately transformed the case into a symbol of anti-unionism on the part of Wal-Mart.
Mr. Bidart, of the Shernoff, Bidart, Darras & Arkin law firm in Claremont, Calif., said that Aetna had denied coverage on the grounds that the bone-marrow treatment was experimental and thus not covered, but that the insurance policy covering Mr. Goodrich had no such exclusion.
The men were selected as part of a national promotion, which, like the campaign, is intended to generate sales for the Kohl's Bridal Aisle gift registry.
Frontier's board met last night to consider Global Crossing's latest offer, the executives said.
Yahoo executives were upbeat enough, however, that Yahoo's shares rose by 5.8 percent, or $1.57, in after-hours trading, to $28.53.
Correction:  March 19, 2005, Saturday  An article in Business Day yesterday about Maurice R. Greenberg's continued sway over the management at American International Group, even after he stepped down as chief executive, misspelled the surname of the chief operating officer.
When he complained to Coca-Cola Enterprises, he said, his prices were raised another 70 cents, and the company began demanding immediate payment.
Since the bombing at the Marriott, businesses have battened down, and the hotels serving foreigners resemble military compounds.
Encouraged by the report, investors hurried to buy Cisco shares in after-hours trading, sending them as high as $14.80.
Interview with Jonathan Ive, industrial designer at Apple Computer who is obsessed with finding ways to design personal computers that evoke more human reactions; he says majority of personal computers are sad, chunky gray boxes; photos (M)
''Think of me as a forward scout,'' Mr. Pittman said yesterday from Palm Springs, Calif., where he and Richard D. Parsons, who are to share the job of chief operating officer at the merged company, to be known as AOL Time Warner, were speaking to a group of investment bankers from Salomon Smith Barney.
The Home Depot recommended counters of Silestone, a low-maintenance synthetic that looks fake.
In one of yesterday's arrests in New York, a picketing worker was charged with disorderly conduct outside Verizon's Manhattan headquarters at 6th Avenue and 42nd Street, after the police said he refused to remain behind a barricade.
Despite reportedly committing close to $500 million on its Vista marketing worldwide, Microsoft did not generate nearly the excitement last week as it did 12 years ago when the company introduced its 1995 operating system with rock singers and a Super Bowl tie-in.
Union Pacific was allowed by the Surface Transportation Board, the Federal agency that oversees the industry, to acquire Southern Pacific last year despite warnings from rival railroads and many customers that the deal would result in higher prices and poorer service.
Citigroup shares were also affected by a late-afternoon report on CNBC that its chairman, Sanford I. Weill, was planning to step down to start a private-equity fund.
The forecast quickly took its toll on the shares of Motorola, which is based in Schaumburg, Ill. After rising 68.75 cents during the day, to $51.50 on the New York Stock Exchange, the share price fell as low as $49 in after-hours trading.
It was Aetna's fourth big layoff announcement this year.
On a day in which the stock market otherwise faltered -- and amid a time of great struggles for some corporate stalwarts -- Wall Street analysts said that Yahoo's performance signaled a bright spot, though not a wholly unexpected one.
Many label executives say a successful entrance by Amazon could provide them with needed leverage in their current talks with Apple over renewing their contracts.
Instead, the rush of new orders clogged Boeing's production line, causing its costs to soar.
More recently, as the company fell into trouble with the federal government, Microsoft has kept a large stable of lobbyists in town whose job is to beat back the ever-sprouting challenges and threats.
Overture sells advertising for Web searches that appear both on Yahoo and on other sites, like Microsoft's MSN.
Verizon, which has grown out of several mergers and takeovers, most recently Bell Atlantic's acquisition of GTE last year, controls about three-fourths of the state's local market.
In the lobby, Mr. Fetter found that firefighters were already arriving, as were Marriott employees, following drills; they met in the lobby near the concierge desk.
That is particularly bad news for General Motors and the Ford Motor Company, which are dependent on truck-based S.U.V.
Retailers and customers could lose patience with the Xbox if the North American introduction falls short of the lofty expectations raised by Microsoft.
The upgrades make it possible to link Lotus software more tightly with I.B.M.
Tuesday night, on the eve of the Macworld show, Apple executives held a roundtable discussion with corporate and educational computer managers.
McDonald's executives said that they were surprised by Dr. Blackburn's resignation, and that they were committed to changing the company's menu and encouraging better nutrition habits among customers.
''This really remains a Halliburton obligation,'' he said.
Mr. Pelletier, of Wal-Mart, rejected the union's charge that the company was a substandard, low-paying employer.
The Lockheed Martin Corporation said today that the Government ''fundamentally opposed'' its planned purchase of the Northrop Grumman Corporation, suggesting that Federal regulators may believe that the consolidation among military suppliers has gone too far to maintain competition.
Now, Church's has reassigned most of the creative work handled by BaylessCronin in Atlanta, owned by a division of the Omnicom Group, to the South African shop Gecko Motion.
Until now, the joint venture had agreed not to compete on Xerox's home turf.
In the opening minutes of the deposition excerpt, Stephen D. Houck, an assistant attorney general from New York, began asking about a Microsoft office ''memorandum,'' but quickly realized how antique he sounded to such a man as Bill Gates.
Japanese companies continued to dominate the list, although I.B.M.
At that rate, Kodak will end the year with about 30,000 employees, half the number of just three years ago and a fraction of the 145,000 people it employed in 1988, when its brand was synonymous with photography.
The verdict had been expected after an unorthodox ruling by the judge in the case shifted the burden of proof to Morgan Stanley because of what the judge called the firm's failure to produce documents.
Microsoft Faces Antitrust Loss In Europe Case
Allison K Schieffelin, who brought sex discrimination complaint against Morgan Stanley Dean Witter over firm's failure to make her managing director, is unusual in her effort to fight from within; most Wall Street women who think they face glass ceiling simply quit; many are reluctant to speak up because they are not sure problem is sex discrimination and fear suits make workplace even less friendly for women; Ann Hopkins, who won sex-bias case against Price Waterhouse accounting firm, comments; photo (M)
Mervyn's, bought by Target in 1978, lost out to the rival Kohl's -- a chain analysts say had originally copied from the once-highly successful Mervyn's -- while sales and profitability kept slipping at Marshall Field's, according to Mr. Dreher.
Procter management, he said, ''will do the things that are necessary for the long term.''
Mr. Ford, a client of Goldman Sachs, acquired the shares in late 1999 during the initial offering for the firm.
Both units report to Haim Saban, chairman and chief executive of Fox Kids Worldwide, which is a joint venture of the News Corporation, headed by Mr. Murdoch, and Mr. Saban's Saban Entertainment.
The major reason for the industry's fascination is that the issue speaks to a theme that winds through the Government's landmark antitrust case against Microsoft now being tried in Federal court.
Thus, in 1998, while Fox and NBC were peddling ''Getting Personal'' and ''Conrad Bloom,'' comedies about front-end figures like art directors and admen, CBS banked on a fat deliveryman.
Scott Wyman, a spokesman for Motorola, said yesterday that Mr. Galvin had not known until the morning after the sale that Mr. Breen was resigning to become chief executive of Tyco International.
Raymond V. Gilmartin, the former chief executive of Merck, is scheduled to testify in the punitive damages trial.
In the mid-1990s, Home Depot agreed to share its practices with HomeWay, even inviting its store managers to stores in California for training sessions.
Bank of America, the country's largest consumer bank, said yesterday that fourth-quarter earnings fell 2 percent, its first quarterly decline in more than four years, after a surge in personal bankruptcies and poor trading results damped its performance.
Boston Scientific shares fell 98 cents, or 3.6 percent, to $26.35.
Last fall, Dow made an overture to acquire DuPont in a deal worth more than $40 billion, according to people involved in the talks.
And not lost on anyone is the fact that Microsoft is moving into the hometown of the Netscape Communications Corporation, whose David-and-Goliath struggle with Microsoft is at the heart of the Government's antitrust suit against Mr. Ballmer's company.
I.B.M.
But if Wal-Mart employees had doubts about the project, and the validity of Mr. Coughlin's expenses, they kept them private.
Still, Boeing has been frustrated that Airbus has come out of nowhere in the last three decades to unseat it as the world's largest producer of passenger aircraft, by volume.
Draft Direct Worldwide, direct marketing unit of Interpublic Group of Companies, says it has acquired D L Blair Inc; financial terms undisclosed (S)
Mr. Rand, 55, who was Xerox's highest-ranking black executive, was quite clear about why he left Xerox: He wanted to run a company, and when Xerox hired G. Richard Thoman away from I.B.M.
Carnival raises its hostile bid for P&O Princess Cruises 12 percent, to $6.4 billion, seeking to prevent P&O's merger with Royal Caribbean Cruises; P&O shareholders are scheduled to vote Feb 14 on whether to accept $2.9 billion takeover offer by Royal Caribbean (M)
Yahoo, however, does offer advertisers more extensive ways to aim the graphical ads that appear on the nonsearch parts of its site to a user's demographic data and site surfing history.
Last week, eBay, the world's biggest online marketplace, announced that Jeff Jordan, 47, who was seen as a likely successor to Meg Whitman, 49, the chief executive, planned to leave later this year.
None of the purported constraints, however, actually deprive Microsoft of ''the ability (1) to price substantially above the competitive level and (2) to persist in doing so for a significant period without erosion by new entry or expansion.''
But the program's biggest benefit, Amazon says, is to relieve sellers of one of the most laborious parts of their business -- packaging products and getting them to customers promptly.
Still, Mr. Marzolf said the long-run marketing benefits of winning Cisco and the other big companies as customers would outweigh the costs of the warrants, which he estimated at $35 million, or double Selectica's revenue for the recent fiscal year.
The Procter & Gamble Company is broadening the depiction of families seen in some commercials to include nontraditional elements like adopted children.
Bank of America Is Scouting Midtown as Site for New Headquarters
Microsoft's plan -- which the company promoted as a consumer convenience of a ''single sign-on'' to many Web sites and Internet services -- brought protests from privacy advocates.
Merck must now persuade skeptical regulators and doctors that it is fully disclosing Arcoxia's potential hazards.
Between December 1988 and last year, the defendants bought and sold securities of companies that AT&T planned to acquire, including Paradyne, NCR, Digital Microwave and Teradata.
Amazon attributed much of its growth to a renewed emphasis on price cutting, like free shipping for orders of $25 or more.
''We believe India presents an extremely compelling investment story,'' said Karamjit S. Kalsi, a senior Morgan Stanley real estate executive, ''and expect to be a long-term investor in the real estate sector.
TO BUY THREE GENERAL ELECTRIC INSURANCE UNITS
Displeasure With I.B.M.
If the request for review is denied, Wal-Mart can challenge the class-action decision again at the end of trial, Mr.
Telephone calls by Coca-Cola Enterprises employees as well as B. K. Miller workers were recorded, in most cases without the knowledge of both the caller and the recipient, the documents say.
Mr. Finke said that because Nike relied on a relatively new version of Macromedia's Flash software to create the site, dial-up users would not have to wait long for audio and video files to load.
But Apple's lead will not go unchallenged.
They center on the perception that Microsoft, through its near-monopoly in personal computer operating systems, has a chokehold on the PC desktop, as the main Windows screen is known.
Google Gains Researcher; Microsoft Wins Limits
It is also unclear whether Cisco had sold Apple the name iPhone outright and had then secured permission to use it itself.
's suit also alleges that Intel used illegal tactics to persuade dozens of companies -- including Dell, Sony and Toshiba -- not to use A.M.D.
Several brand and corporate identity consultants suggested that SBC retain its name rather than adopt the AT&T name, or adopt a new brand that was neither AT&T nor SBC.
The appeals decision, issued a month after the current case was filed, is one of Microsoft's strongest legal defenses.
American Express this year started charging its small merchants $10 for mailed invoices.
That step blocks the judge from modifying his order, although it does not prevent him from clarifying it or holding Microsoft in contempt.
It is the first assignment to create campaigns for the Coca-Cola brand for a Euro RSCG agency.
J P Morgan Chase and Citigroup, nation's two largest banks, agree to pay almost $300 million in fines and penalties to settle accusations that they aided Enron in misrepresenting its true financial condition for years before company collapsed; settlements, reached with Securities and Exchange Commission and office of Manhattan Dist Atty Robert M Morgenthau, are broadest to date with advisers that played roles in financing and structuring off-the-books partnerships and transactions that contributed significantly to Enron's collapse in Dec 2001; transactions between Enron and banks met legal and accounting requirements but still led to what regulators say was misleading information in company's financial reports; as result, settlements seen as strong signal that banks, accountants and lawyers can be held responsible if transaction is legal in every respect but results in outcome that deceives investors; Dist Atty Robert M Morgenthau sees need to establish greater limits over off-the-books partnerships; under settlements, banks neither admitted nor denied any wrongdoing; Enron case recalled; photo; chart (L)
At a recent conference that attracted 15,000 eBay fanatics to Las Vegas, the main sponsor was a big advocate of online shopping: none other than the United States Postal Service.
Peter Kreindler, general counsel of Honeywell, said his company had reached agreements with several law firms that represent large numbers of asbestos plaintiffs and was close to agreement with many others.
''In five minutes, they'll find someone who bought Nike shoes,'' Justice Breyer said, adding that Mr. Kasky or another plaintiff could easily maintain that he would not have bought Nike shoes if he had not believed what the company said.
If the PC makers have greater freedom to add rivals' software and remove some features that Microsoft bundles with Windows, the theory goes, consumers should benefit from a greater diversity of offerings.
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Company reported record quarterly income of $1.63 billion yesterday, up 86 percent from its operating profit in the period a year earlier and well ahead of analysts' estimates.
It was brought by Alida Hernandez and James Moore, both of whom worked at an I.B.M.
Will Poole, vice president of Microsoft's digital media division and one of the company's negotiators, said that AOL threatened to sue Microsoft on antitrust grounds in the absence of an agreement.
It was still worthwhile, he said, because 250,000 of the buyers had never before made a purchase from Amazon.
Motorola Inc says profits in first quarter more than tripled, to $609 million, because of rebound in cellphone sales; sales jump 42 percent, to $8.6 billion, greatly exceeding expectations by analysts; photo (M)
The move upset Boeing's largest union, the International Association of Machinists, which does not represent the California workers.
I.B.M.
Sales in Apple's retail stores nearly doubled in the quarter, and the company is about to open a store in London, its first in Europe.
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter is introducing investment fund that will track Morgan Stanley Internet index, whose 29 stocks are chosen by Mary Meeker and other analysts at Morgan Stanley; Morgan Internet index has fallen 48.4 percent since its introduction on March 24; Meeker declines to comment; graph (M)
Sun Microsystems Inc lashes out at Microsoft Corp, saying that it will not give up its ownership of Java computer language, as Microsoft and other companies have recently suggested, in order to have it officially certified as international standard; Alan Baratz, president of Sun Microsystem's Javasoft division, contends Microsoft is trying to cripple Java because it is threat to popularity of Microsoft's Windows software (L)
Assuming that SBC and Verizon win regulatory approval for their purchases of AT&T and MCI, their share of revenue from the fast-growing wireless business will fall to about 25 percent, according to RBC Capital Markets.
Boston Scientific, based in Natick, Mass., said yesterday that it was considering a public stock offering for 18 percent to 25 percent of those other businesses, which are grouped under its Endosurgery division.
Wal-Mart Is Found Liable in Bias Against Disabled Man
Its research, Microsoft said, found that many consumers found an icon-strewn desktop screen to be confusing.
''The unfortunate thing is that even after this, people will just continue to send and receive E-mail as before,'' said Mark Rasch, a lawyer who prosecuted Robert Tappan Morris a decade ago for exploiting a security flaw in a program called Sendmail that is similar to the flaw just found in the Microsoft and Netscape E-mail programs.
But MCI's board chose Verizon's offer, contending it was worth more in the long term because Verizon is a bigger and healthier company.
The chairman of the Coca-Cola Company apologized to the people of Belgium in extraordinarily contrite newspaper ads today over a contamination scare that began there more than a week ago and spread to other countries in Europe.
It will be owned equally by Delta and AT&T Global Information Solutions, the computer subsidiary formerly known as NCR.
The General Electric Company, apparently immune to the weak euro and the softening economy, said yesterday that its third-quarter earnings rose 20 percent, meeting analysts' estimates.
Steven J Heyer, president of Turner Broadcasting System, emerges as key figure as CNN devises sweeping changes in personnel and programming in wake of merger agreement between Time Warner and America Online; efficiencies ordered by Mr Heyer could lead to elimination of hundreds of positions at CNN in coming weeks; photo (M)
and Fiat will conduct a preliminary due diligence,'' which is ''expected to proceed rapidly and upon further agreement will be followed by formal negotiations,'' General Motors said in a statement.
Microsoft Corp lawyer Steven Holley tries to make case that America Online planned to use 'all of its marketing muscle' to promote its newly acquired, Netscape Navigator Web browser; America Online president Barry Schuler disputes that, saying company thought 'the browser business is dead'; back and forth comes as Microsoft takes deposition of Schuler in preparation for resumption of antitrust trial in late May (M)
Michael F Price resigns as chief executive of Franklin Templeton Group; Robert L Friedman is named chief investment officer, and Peter Langerman, currently chief operating officer, will take over as chief executive; Friedman says first order of business will be to address causes of recent underperformance; photo (Market Place) (M)
Shares of Kodak, which is based in Rochester, closed at $25.88, up 3 cents.
The Canadian Auto Workers union said that Ford Motor Company's local unit would be its next target for negotiations on a new labor contract with the Big Three North American automakers.
Wal-Mart Stores has dropped two law firms -- pulling active work from them -- because of unhappiness with the firms' lack of diversity.
In the suit, Apple Corps is seeking an injunction requiring Apple Computer to remove the bitten-apple logo from iTunes.
Ms. Barad has said that Mattel, which generates about 10 percent of its revenue from goods sold directly to consumers, ''will aggressively build this segment'' this year.
Shares of Polo Ralph Lauren declined 43.75 cents, to $19.50 yesterday.
McCann Erickson, part of the McCann Worldgroup division of the Interpublic Group of Companies, was awarded the creative duties for general advertising in late June, after a review involving the agency and three others that also work for Pfizer.
Cisco shares fell $1.39, or more than 7 percent, in after-hours trading today as investors wondered if business would continue to improve.
It relies heavily on its financing division, General Motors Acceptance Corporation, to stay profitable.
And while other states have been trying to lure the company, Verizon has decided to keep its headquarters in the city, and will most likely end up in Lower Manhattan, the people with knowledge of the agreement said.
''Home Depot, I think, is the Disney of this shareholder season,'' said Mr. Ferlauto, referring to the 2004 annual meeting of Disney shareholders at which 45 percent of the votes cast were withheld from the chief executive, Michael D. Eisner, in part because of his pay.
Some of Microsoft's rivals and some independent security experts have greeted the shift in strategy with skepticism.
His aging clamshell cellphone, a Motorola V60, seems to work just fine.
Among Union Pacific's Pan-Asian references: a gently arched bridge, leading to the dining room, over a shallow pond filled with water that trickles from above.
But Mr. Johnson, analysts say, deserves much of the credit for the success of Apple's stores.
Kenneth F. Bernstein, Acadia's chief executive, said the company would seek retailers that are not yet well established in the Bronx, like Target, Kohl's, Office Max, Bed Bath & Beyond, Best Buy and Wal-Mart.
But many Apple watchers see that as improbable.
NBC Universal chairman and chief executive Bob Wright, despite slump in television viewership and box-office receipts, remains convinced that company not only has what it takes to navigate changing times, but also to contribute kind of growth expected by majority parent General Electric; NBC Universal is smallest of GE's six business units and smallest among heavyweight media companies; is in exclusive talks to acquire live-action business of DreamWorks SKG studio as part of effort to invest in content while figuring out ways to capitalize on emerging technologies; chart compares revenue to that of other media giants and to other GE divisions; photos (M)
An extensive print campaign boasts that all Kellogg cereal brands -- even Froot Loops -- are nutritious staples of a healthy life style, not simply convenient breakfast foods.
While I.B.M.
The Highbridge section of the Bronx is not a Starbucks kind of place.
All the major distribution companies -- Comcast, Cox Communications and EchoStar Communications -- are undervalued by 40 percent.
For Microsoft, a strong relationship with AT&T could become the company's most important vehicle for expanding beyond desktop computers into a new world in which millions of consumers use seamless bundles of phone, TV and high-speed Internet services.
The process, called Picosecond Imaging Circuit Analysis, or PICA, has been adopted by I.B.M.
Comcast's success in broadband business builds on its involvement with ExciteAtHome, which collapsed at end of 2001 (M)
Shares of General Dynamics closed at $78.30 a share, up 30 cents.
In each case Amazon made a recommendation based on the price of the book and its condition.
An article in Business Day yesterday about a new strategy by the Microsoft Corporation rendered the company's stock market value incorrectly in a quotation from David Readerman, an analyst with Montgomery Securities, who was commenting on Microsoft's growth prospects.
Mixed Results In Revenue And Profit At Motorola
Last year Comcast showed interest in acquiring the movie and television assets of Vivendi Universal before they were sold to General Electric.
Slim's 13.4 percent stake, Verizon will become MCI's largest shareholder.
True North Communications said yesterday that it would discuss with the Publicis Groupe, the largest shareholder of True North, the proposed deal announced on Monday for the Interpublic Group of Companies to acquire True North.
Kathleen B. Blanco said that Procter's prompt decision to reopen gave promise to region that had been economically and emotionally devastated by the storm.
Not all of Microsoft's efforts have been so effective.
As a result, Pfizer's overall sales will drop, from $51.1 billion this year to $46.5 billion in 2007, Mr. Evans said.
Vornado Realty Trust makes last-ditch effort to complete $3.25 billion deal to gain control of World Trade Center in Lower Manhattan; Port Authority of New York and New Jersey had balked at Vornado's recent attempts to change terms of deal (M)
I would recommend that Kodak change its name from the Eastman Kodak Company to Kodak Communications, to get it past the perception that it just sells film.
Still, there is little euphoria, either on Wall Street or at Kodak's Rochester headquarters, over Kodak's near-term prospects.
Ford Motor Co will become sponsor of fall concert tour of singer Ricky Martin, in effort to interest younger consumers in its new Focus line (S)
The Microsoft Research team has worked extensively with the managers of Microsoft's Spaces blog-hosting service to detect and identify search-engine spam, Mr. Wang said.
Still, ''deflation remains a major problem for Sony,'' said Naoki Takahashi, a credit analyst with Moody's in Tokyo.
Intuit's Turbo Tax retails widely for $29.95.
It will start appearing in ads and on signs just a week after the departure of John J. Mack, who was president of the Morgan Stanley investment bank before and after it was acquired by Dean Witter Discover.
Coke's and McDonald's both meet twice a year.
Apple and Hewlett In Printer Talks
The Consolidated Edison Company agreed last night to buy Northeast Utilities for $3.29 billion in cash and stock, according to people close to the talks, in a deal that could eventually bring cheaper power to its customers.
Lawrence F. Probst III, chief executive of Electronic Arts, said that he thought his company had ''very satisfied'' customers and that he did not expect that to change.
Shrugging off a deep recession in the technology industry that has beset its competitors, Microsoft said today that it planned to accelerate its investment in research and development and increase its work force.
To make the point that Netscape now has a powerful corporate parent, Microsoft points to previously sealed testimony saying that America Online's board was told the company would be willing to spend $10 a copy to promote Netscape's browser.
The stock has fallen this week in sympathy with Yahoo, which dropped 22 percent on Wednesday.
Those discussions, they say, involve Microsoft's support of Comcast's takeover effort.
The next day Aetna hand-delivered a letter denying payment for the surgery because it was done outside the H.M.O.
That operation, known as the Raytheon Aircraft Company and built around the Beech Aircraft Company that Raytheon acquired in 1980, had appeared to be running smoothly.
Xerox executives attributed some of the profit troubles to a range of causes, including weak sales in Brazil, currency exchange rates, customer fears of Year 2000 problems and a general resistance among clients to trade up on equipment.
The coming competition for the women's traditional better sportswear -- between Ralph Lauren, Calvin Klein and Jones Apparel -- is a good thing, Mr. Gould said.
General Motors said today that it had put the tires on some of its 1994 to 2001 Chevrolet and GMC full-size sport utility vehicles and pickup trucks and some of its 1996 to 2001 Chevrolet and GMC full-size and one-ton passenger and cargo vans.
Omnicom is now the world's largest agency company calculated by revenue.
The quarter's single heaviest session of trading came July 22, the day Coca-Cola Enterprises released its second-quarter earnings and described the details of the capital-spending plan.
Xerox Corp says second-quarter revenue was down 13 percent from last year; company lost $281 million in contrast to profit of $202 million year earlier; US revenues were up 9 percent; Paul A Allaire, chairman, says turnaround plans are on track (M)
Reed Hastings, the chief executive of Netflix, said he anticipated the possibility of competition from Blockbuster in December, but speculated then that Blockbuster would not risk losing revenue from late fees -- estimated at 16 percent of the company's $5.2 billion in sales last year -- by offering a service that effectively eliminated such fees.
During the conference call, Mr. de Molina said that he expected earnings growth in the midsingle digits this year for Bank of America's consumer banking business, excluding cards.
The commission found that Microsoft had abused its monopoly power to stifle competition in the markets for media players and operating systems on server computers, which run corporate networks and the Internet.
EBay could also expand the program to reward users who buy or sell certain amounts of merchandise, Mr. Albert said.
Bristol-Myers Squibb, the pharmaceutical company, is in talks with several suitors to sell its Excedrin line of pain relievers and other over-the-counter drugs for as much as $1 billion, executives close to the negotiations said yesterday.
TECHNOLOGY  Correction:  December 19, 2002, Thursday  An article in Business Day on Tuesday about the Pentagon's efforts to limit the expansion of the so-called WiFi technology, which permits wireless access to the Internet, referred incorrectly to an effort by Intel to use it.
The Itanium camp within Intel opposed the alternative, and the status of the Yamhill effort is uncertain.
Alarmed by the slowing economy and a slumping market share, executives of Ford Motor have approved an early-retirement program for up to 10 percent of its white-collar employees in the United States, or 4,600 workers, people close to the company said today.
Tyson Foods Inc., the nation's largest poultry producer, said today that it had renewed talks to acquire IBP, the giant beef processor, just two and a half months after calling off the merger.
Kodak's own digital portfolio still loses money.
These new portables will round out Apple's revamped product line, especially at the lower range of the price scale.
Mr. Stinson, who has been at AT&T 26 years, opened a sealed package this morning and learned that if he took the buyout option, he would be entitled to 30 weeks of pay, and an additional 20 percent of that total would be paid to him.
I.B.M.
Talks between Hynix Semiconductor and Micron Technology appeared today to have reached an impasse, with the two sides about $2 billion apart on how much Micron should pay for Hynix's memory chip plants.
One of New York City's major hospital chains has reached a $380 million agreement with I.B.M.
Mr. Jobs also said that the terms of the license could be renegotiated to include Apple's new System 8, as well.
Torcetrapib, the drug that Pfizer discontinued, was intended to treat heart disease.
The company said only that Mr. Anderson believed that it was ''in Apple's best interests'' that he leave the board.
Microsoft's stock rebounded slightly yesterday, closing at $69.375.
People close to the ING-Aetna talks have said that Aetna is seeking to transfer $2.75 billion of long-term debt to ING as part of a $7.75 billion deal for the nonhealth units.
Since then, a Pfizer cox-2 drug, Bextra, has also been withdrawn.
But Intel sees the stakes as high indeed.
With only about 20 percent of Cisco's revenues now coming from telecommunications companies, executives say that Mr.
Rather than the austere warehouse feel offered by Wal-Mart and the other retailers, Soriana's new stores are scaled-back hypermarkets intended to appeal to provincial families who view the weekly outing to the supermarket as an event.
But an internal Royal Caribbean report provided to The New York Times by the Bradleys said that Mr. Bradley did not notify Mr. Costello of the disappearance until 7:35 A.M., by which time the ship had docked and passengers were going off for a day of shore excursions.
Microsoft Corp co-founder Paul Allen and his venture capital company, Vulcan Ventures, reports that it holds no shares in Priceline.com; held about 9.1 million shares in company in March 2000 (S)
''There is a sentiment among merchants that Amazon is the Microsoft of E-commerce,'' said Scott Heiferman, the chief executive of I-Traffic, an ad agency that specializes in electronic commerce.
In the weeks and months that followed, the White House complied, working behind the scenes to help Monsanto -- long a political power with deep connections in Washington -- get the regulations that it wanted.
Yet the Olympic commercials for AT&T and TD Waterhouse, an investment firm, are the most visible efforts by advertisers so far into the ever-beckoning world of interactive television.
The assurances followed reports that the government would ask the federal judge presiding over the antitrust case against Microsoft to break the company in two.
DOSBox, free DOS emulator for Windows, allows users to continue using older software and games built on DOS platform; fix may be necessary since Microsoft eliminated DOS from Windows XP; photo (M)
Mr. Forrister said that in the wake of the scandal, he had noticed Texaco moving ahead of Chevron in such areas as climate-change research and alternative-fuels ventures.
But Goodyear was different, with long-term worker loyalty more like that seen in plants in the United States.
COMPARING THE HEEL  An asymmetrical heel pad like the Nike model helps to distribute force when the foot strikes the ground at an angle.
Microsoft generated sales of more than $5 billion in Europe, the Middle East and Africa last year, and most of that came from Europe.
Citigroup said it did prepay deals in 1992 with the Arkla Exploration Company and in 1993 with the Amerada Hess Corporation.
It was essentially Wells Fargo's difficulties in meshing its acquisition of First Interstate that forced it into the arms of Norwest.
Nielsen's allies have also sought to play to wariness among minorities toward Mr. Murdoch, whose News Corporation owns the Fox News Channel, a cable news network that appeals to conservative audiences.
from 1984 to 2005, and is also a fashion designer in Atlanta, said Nike's new design might work for college players, but not for the N.B.A.
William H. Donaldson, the commission chairman, said in a letter dated Wednesday that he was ''deeply troubled'' by comments from Philip J. Purcell, the Morgan Stanley official, which he said ''evidence a troubling lack of contrition.''
It comes as Microsoft, the Justice Department and 19 state attorneys general enter a critical stage in the settlement talks that have been under way since November in which both sides are to lay out their demands, or concessions.
''It recognizes the contribution our workers have made to General Motors' profits.''
's been the company that has instituted most of these gains,'' said Jim Porter, president of Disk Trend, a market research firm based in Mountain View, Calif. ''The rest of the industry has been a bit behind I.B.M., and yet they've done quite well,'' he said, adding that he expects the company to ship product in 2000, not 2001, at least six months before any competitor.
''Lindows is using our market to trade off our brand equity,'' said a spokesman for Microsoft, Jon Murchinson.
All this can be seen as more bad news for companies like Intel and Compaq that make chips and servers for mobile devices.
Bell, vice chairman, as Mr. Dooner's successor; and fire James R. Heekin III, chairman and chief executive of the largest Interpublic unit, the McCann-Erickson World Group.
Along with Mr. Bronfman, Scott M. Sperling, an executive at the Lee fund, negotiated the deal with Time Warner and its bankers, Morgan Stanley, these people said.
In Latin America, Coca-Cola enjoyed a volume gain in Mexico of 7 percent and 8 percent in Argentina.
Several analysts said the RealNetworks shift in strategy could put Microsoft on the defensive.
Pfizer Inc. and the Schering-Plough Corporation said yesterday that their earnings for the third quarter were very strong as the companies continued to benefit from rising sales of prescription drugs, especially in the United States.
The Celeron, especially the faster versions of it, represents the best value among Intel's chips for home PC users.
Some companies may create a version of a program that runs on both PowerPC and Intel chips, while others may sell the versions separately.
The media plans for the Coke Zero campaign, which carries the theme ''Enjoy Coke-ness,'' are also indicative of changing attitudes at Coca-Cola.
Heinz food company, PepsiCo and the construction equipment maker Caterpillar.
''Vornado is a smart landlord and a knowledgeable landlord, and they decided to go on a shopping spree and ended up buying as much as they could within the marketplace,'' Mr. Trock said.
Three different auction sites will be available by clicking on Amazon.com or Sothebys.com.
Led by Yahoo, the top site that people use to find information on the Internet, the search services are among the most popular places on the Web, attracting millions of visitors a day.
For almost a decade, researchers at Pfizer struggled to show that Viagra, the male impotence drug, could enhance sexual function in women.
The new bid also offered to protect the value of the deal from a steep decline in its share price -- if Boston Scientific shares dropped below $22.62, the company would make up the difference with more shares.
This was the route that McClatchy took after it bought Knight Ridder's 32 newspapers last year.
Eternal Egypt is Web site developed by IBM, Egyptian government and major museums; covers 7,000 years of Egyptian culture and history; photo (S)
The Hartford Financial Services Group said it had not received one.
Viacom has been criticized for the excessive compensation packages given to its top managers.
''It took a problem that could have taken weeks to months to diagnose down to on the order of literally days,'' said Mark Papermaster, director of development for I.B.M.
Kyle McSlarrow, the head of the National Cable and Telecommunications Association, which represents cable companies and programmers, told lawmakers yesterday that at least six cable companies, including the two largest, Comcast and Time Warner Cable, were developing packages of channels that would appeal to parents who want to shield their children from potentially offensive shows.
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter and the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission have been given two weeks to resolve a dispute about whether the Wall Street firm must produce all the information the Federal agency has subpoenaed in a gender-discrimination case, people briefed on court proceedings said yesterday.
Yahoo has agreed to buy Oddpost.com, a vendor of online e-mail and news services, for an undisclosed sum.
But Johnson & Johnson hopes the results, published late yesterday in The Journal of the American Medical Association, will aid its drive to erode Boston Scientific's dominance in the $5 billion market for drug-coated stents.
Salomon executives who refused to be identified by name said yesterday that Mr. Weill's sudden reversal of Mr. Carpenter's approach to Mr. Black raised questions about Mr. Carpenter's own authority at Citigroup, which was itself created by the merger earlier this year of Citibank and Travelers Group Inc., the parent of Salomon Smith Barney.
The dispute involves Yan Gang, chief executive at the Citic Guoan Group in China, and Sir Martin Sorrell, chief executive of the WPP Group, the world's second-largest agency company behind the Omnicom Group.
It will lease a call center in Raleigh, N.C., that I.B.M.
I.B.M.
Cisco, Oracle, Intel and Microsoft continue to be among the nation's most heavily traded stocks, with tens of millions of shares changing hands each day.
Verizon Communication owns 55 percent of Verizon Wireless; the Vodafone group owns the remainder.
In its court brief, Microsoft argued that the Justice Department never raised the issue of Windows 98 in filings to the court before today and so has no standing to do so now.
Are there digital audio players that support not only MP3, WAV and Apple Lossless file formats, but also SHN and FLAC files?
''In the early research we did, testing what our audience was looking for, they said they wanted to see ads on the channel to see who would be reaching out to them,'' said Lisa Sherman, senior vice president and general manager at Logo in New York, part of the MTV Networks division of Viacom.
With Vista, Microsoft has for the first time built a robust set of parental controls directly into the operating system, not just for gaming but also for Web browsing, file downloading and instant messaging.
It also described Micron's intention to impose a similar price increase.
Amid Mixed Profit Reports, Intel Talks of Its Fastest Chip
Three months ago, Microsoft introduced Windows Edition N without Media Player, as required by the ruling.
Prince said Citigroup sought ''closure,'' but that might be premature.
The direct sequence approach, like Wi-Fi, spreads itself across the allocated frequencies in a continuous stream; it is backed by Motorola and its allies.
Verizon assumed that its pension plans would earn profits of 9.25 percent last year, and it reported income as if that assumption were true, something it was able to do under the current ridiculous accounting rules.
A Microsoft spokesman said the company was still pursuing ''an amicable settlement.''
The Ford Motor Company is the most efficient American automaker, although its performance was marginally worse by some measures last year because of the production of very big, complicated vehicles like the new Ford Excursion sport utility.
The goal of experiential marketing is ''to engage and connect with customers and potential new customers in a unique, three-dimensional way,'' said James Yaffe, managing partner at Endeavor Marketing, the division of the Endeavor talent agency in Beverly Hills, Calif., that works with American Express.
New Software Being Offered By Microsoft to Catch AOL
Apple is a late entrant to the living room market, which is already crowded with digital devices that can play video, like the Xbox and PlayStation game consoles and Microsoft-based Media Center personal computers, along with streaming video gadgets of every shape and function.
As part of AT&T, Liberty has enjoyed enhanced access to parts of AT&T's cable systems.
The concept of a bar came to Mr. Johnson one night when he was thinking about the kind of environment Apple wanted to create in its stores.
THE MARKETS: Market Place; Whirlpool Lowers Forecast, Reflecting Anxiety in Industry
General Motors said today that it would start counting its stock options as an expense at the beginning of next year, becoming the first automaker to announce such a plan and joining a small number of companies, like General Electric and Coca-Cola, to do so.
But Yahoo's incredible valuation does not give the company much room for error.
''I really don't think the outlook is much different than it was Friday,'' said Bill Whitlow, manager of the Safeco Northwest Fund, a mutual fund with roughly 6 percent of its $152 million in holdings in Microsoft stock.
Intel said it would spend about half of its $5.5 billion capital expense budget on manufacturing equipment.
Oracle Shares Tumble 9% Over Warning On Earnings
The largest is Coca-Cola Enterprises, which has responsibility for Belgium, France, the Netherlands and Luxembourg, where Coca-Cola had the biggest recall in company history last month after hundreds of people reported feeling ill after drinking Coke.
to development MS-DOS, a simple personal computer operating system, Microsoft grew into the world's dominant independent software publisher.
Mr. Crawford said Morgan Stanley ranked fifth in the amount of stock it underwrote in the first half of the year.
Merck Obtains Rights to Drug That Tells the Body It's Full
But this merger also raises important questions about the future of the Internet itself, and about how much giant companies like AT&T will be allowed to control access to it.
Mr. Serlet, 46, Apple's senior vice president for software engineering, left Xerox's fabled Palo Alto Research Center to join Steven P. Jobs at Next Software in the late 1980s and has headed software development at Apple since 2003.
The campaign will try in several ways to build emotional ties between Merck and consumers.
Auto sales dropped 2 percent in May from May 1999, first year-to-year drop since summer of 1998; dismal results at DaimlerChrysler and General Motors entirely accounted for decline as other manufacturers posted record sales, leaving it unclear whether long-expected decline in sales had begun; Ford Motor, Toyota, Nissan, Honda and Mitsubishi announce increases in sales, with Toyota and Mitsubishi reporting their best months ever (M)
''We are making headway, but there's still much to be done,'' said David Bell, chairman and chief executive at Interpublic in New York, which owns agencies like Carmichael Lynch, Initiative Media and McCann-Erickson.
Since Apple's own next-generation operating system, known as Copland, is now well behind schedule and at least partly scuttled, it might look to Be to provide key technology components rather than an entire operating system, some analysts say.
He said potential copier customers balked because they knew Kodak wanted to leave the copier market, and that having the Heidelberger name in place would allay their fears.
Kimberly-Clark Corp, maker of Kleenex tissues, and TNT, part of Turner Broadcasting System, in unusual promotion aimed at women ages 18 to 49, are collaborating to capitalize on impulse to use tisses to wipe away tears while watching films; Kleenex will be exclusive sponsor of yearlong series of 'tearjerker' movies that TNT will show on Sundays beginning in October (S)
Among the best-known work FCB San Francisco has created for Amazon since landing the account in April 1997 was a series of commercials for Christmas 1999 centered on a spoof of TV variety shows of the 1960's.
Coca-Cola shares declined 87.5 cents yesterday, closing at $58.9375 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Verizon Communications, the nation's largest local telephone company, said yesterday that earnings fell 46 percent in the third quarter, to $1.86 billion, or 69 cents a share, from $3.47 billion, or $1.27, in the comparable quarter a year earlier.
Despite the slump, Morgan Stanley earned a 15 percent return on its shareholders' equity in the quarter, one of the higher rates on Wall Street.
Design Museum of London names Jonathan Ive, British-born father of Apple's iMac computer, designer of year; photos (S)
Meeting on March 9 between officials of New York State Atty Gen Eliot Spitzer's office and lawyers for American International Group and its chief executive Maurice R Greenberg, in which Spitzer refused to postpone deposition with regulators as requested by Greenberg's lawyers, marked pivotal point in confrontation between Greenberg and Spitzer and spurred resignation of Greenberg; at center of latest dispute is obscure insurance transaction that ended up involving federal regulators; photo (M
Christopher B. Galvin, Motorola's embattled chairman and chief executive throughout the three-year downturn, announced the spinoff plan soon after agreeing with the board that he would step down once a successor was found.
ABC's aggressive wooing of David Letterman, who ultimately re-signed with CBS, described; effort came so close to success that ABC executives believed they would prevail and CBS executives believed on several occasions that they would lose Late Show host; included visit by Walt Disney Co president Robert A Iger to New York for impromptu visit with Letterman; photos (M)
''Wal-Mart Stores did miss their plan as our customer continues to be impacted by higher gas prices and it is difficult to improve our expense leverage in the current environment,'' the chief executive, H. Lee Scott Jr., said in a statement.
In this case, as in the earlier suits, lawyers for Merck insisted that the company fully disclosed Vioxx's potential dangers to regulators and the public.
Shares of Microsoft fell $3.40, to $42.83, today.
''Microsoft people are really passionate about search, and we want to compete and to win,'' said Dan Liebling, a member of the Microsoft Research staff working on techniques to improve the relevance of results in Microsoft's Live Search service.
EBay's Founder Selects Philanthropy Director
Microsoft chairman, William H Gates, pays more than $30 million for Lost on the Grand Banks, last major seascape by Winslow Homer left in private hands, setting what experts say is, by far, record price for an American painting; photo (M)
The other main bidder, Valentia -- a group that includes Anthony O'Reilly, the former chairman of H. J. Heinz; Soros Private Equity Partners; the Goldman Sachs Group; Provident Equity Partners; and Warburg Pincus -- has offered 1.21 euros a share, or 2.7 billion euros ($2.3 billion), and said employees would get a 29.9 percent stake.
Mattel Inc., the toy maker that is the couturier to millions of Barbies and Chatty Cathys, did not send anyone to Christie's Park Avenue auction room, where a standing-room crowd oohed and aahed as the price climbed past five figures and into six.
The harder part, industry executives and analysts say, will be competing against their much larger rivals, Cingular Wireless and Verizon Wireless, both of which are owned by regional Bell telephone companies that have more money and more services to sell to consumers who like one-stop shopping.
Cable companies, satellite television services, media conglomerates and Microsoft have all made interactive television a key part of their strategic visions.
On Sunday, the New York office of BBDO Worldwide, the General Electric agency since 1920, will introduce the theme ''Imagination at work.''
While the judge's sweeping factual conclusions last November that Microsoft was a monopolist had practically guaranteed a ruling that the company had violated federal antitrust law, the decision today was somewhat more measured than had been anticipated.
Facing an uncertain climate for Internet start-ups, the founders of Africana.com Inc., the Harvard University professors Henry Louis Gates Jr. and Kwame Anthony Appiah, have sold their venture to Time Warner Inc.
Even subtracting one-time gains from acquisitions, it grew at nearly 12 percent, about double the rate of Wal-Mart's American stores.
The package, Red Hat Linux Advanced Server, will be marketed to large companies that now use Microsoft's Windows or versions of the Unix platform like Sun Microsystems' Solaris.
higher prices for Windows as a penalty for competing with Microsoft -- exactly the sort of evidence needed to support antitrust charges.
James F. Albaugh, head of Boeing's military unit, said the delay was a result of problems integrating the system's computer software and hardware.
Kynikos Associates, a New York firm the specializes in short selling, has said that CBM accounted for 13 percent of Marriott's pretax income last year, excluding special charges, of $542 million, or $69 million.
Johnson & Johnson is also working to introduce other versions of its stent in the next few years.
In that investigation, the Government and states have been examining Microsoft's dealings with several companies including Intel, Apple Computer and Real Networks.
Good Technology introduces its first product, mobile e-mail service that is intended to challenge Research in Motion's popularity among corporate customers; Good Technology has signed up customers like VeriSign and Electronic Arts; GoodLink service costs $45 per month (S)
The leasing arm has taken center stage in the negotiations ever since new complaints about it emerged at hearings involving G.E., Honeywell, their competitors and the European regulators at the end of May.
The Shanghai General Electronics Group and C. P. Technology of Taiwan have already committed themselves to the home-networking platform to be developed by I.B.M.
Proponents of the idea include Henry M. Paulson Jr., the chief executive of Goldman Sachs, and Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona.
Jeffrey R. Immelt, chief executive of General Electric, said the new rules had eroded the relationship between auditors and boards.
Thus, for the Apple board room committee that has begun an external search for the company's new leader, there are few obvious candidates.
Five years ago, when its merger with Time Warner was announced, America Online alone was valued at $164 billion.
She also differentiated the present renaming operation from what she called the main ''repositioning'' campaign for Verizon, scheduled for the fall, ''probably October.''
General Motors Co says third-quarter profit dropped 5.5 percent; earnings were $829 million, down from $877 million in year-earlier quarter; sales were $42.6 billion, down slightly from $42.8 billion last year (M)
General Motors Corp announces that it has developed fuel cell that can be chilled to 4 degrees below zero and still start, a key step for using fuel cells in cars; fuel cells combine hydrogen and oxygen to form electric current and water, with high efficiency and no pollution (S)
I.B.M.
In a candid remark that reveals how much the credit and charge card industry has fallen under the sway of just a few large issuers, Citigroup's co-chief executive, John S. Reed, said in a conference call that marketing campaigns would now emphasize his company's brand name on its cards at the expense of the ubiquitous Visa and Mastercard logos.
It was Mr. Maritz, a soft-spoken technologist who came to Microsoft from Intel in 1986, who oversaw the Redmond, Wash., company's rise to operating system supremacy.
Mr. Winter and Mr. Hannam showed up at the meeting and began badgering them with a series of questions about how receptive Dow Chemical's board would be to a takeover proposal, the people close to the two former Dow officials said.
New Apple Ad Lifts Off From Disney's Land
A.T.& T., while declining to confirm details of the contract, said its arrangement with General Magic did not preclude A.T.& T. from connecting its Telescript network to networks operated by MCI, Sprint or other companies.
In the interview, Mr. Carp conceded that Kodak may have ''too much complexity in its product portfolio,'' and is looking to divest itself of some product lines and hire others to do the manufacturing of some components.
Influential group of computer programmers led by Alan Kay is leaving Walt Disney Co's research division, where team has worked on education programming system known as Squeak; is taking voluntary buyout offer; Squeak group is departing as Disney has scaled back number of its ambitious Internet plans (M)
ONE afternoon in early April, Timothy J. McClimon, director of the AT&T Cultural Foundation, gave out invitations -- over the telephone, naturally -- to 68 of the country's better-known theater companies.
It was the first specific statement from AT&T on the progress of the service, which was announced on Feb. 27 and went into operation on March 14.
Bernhard Glock is named to new post of manager for global media and communication at Procter & Gamble Co; Michelle Edelman is named managing partner and director for account planning at Chicago office of Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide, succeeding Sarah Patterson, who resigned; Mark Kristol is named chief operating officer at TNS Media Inte lligence/EntertainmentServices Group; Thom Dean is named president at Imagemark Brand Resources (S)
The states, led by California and Iowa, argue that the settlement would allow Microsoft to engage in the kind of tactics that enabled it to maintain a monopoly with its Windows operating system.
Reed Hastings, Netflix's 42-year-old co-founder and chief executive, has made a lot of money from starting his business.
Verizon Wireless is introducing its largest promotion with television network to date, teaming with WB to encourage customers to use text messaging in campaign that also includes commercials and product placements; multimillion-dollar promotion is centered on third-season premiere of WB series Smallville, which is scheduled for Oct 1 (M)
Amazon.com and New York Times Co settle their legal dispute over on-line bookseller's use of newspaper's weekly best-seller list to sell discounted books; agreement will permit Amazon to continue publishing list of popular titles; Amazon agrees to list best-selling books in alphabetical order, post lists after publication in newspaper and include disclaimers that Times is not affiliated with Amazon; also agrees to continue providing weekly sales data to newspaper (M)
The dismal results, however, led Mr. Amelio, who joined Apple in February 1996, to indicate that he planned an even deeper reorganization at the company and that he hoped to stabilize the company on a $8 billion revenue model -- down from its peak of $12 billion.
Note to hard-core video game players: Microsoft says it is aiming for your mothers and wives.
The other will own ConocoPhillips refineries in Roxana, Ill., and Borger, Tex., and will be based in Houston, ConocoPhillips's headquarters city.
To request their money, they were told to call the Halliburton Company, which acquired Dresser-Rand in 1998.
Eric Rabe, a Verizon spokesman, said the decline in the number of land lines was no surprise.
The warning pummeled Frontier's stock, which fell $5.625 yesterday, or 21 percent, to $20.75, on volume exceeding 14 million shares.
That statistical analysis test does not support Merck's 18-month theory about Vioxx, the company acknowledged yesterday.
A.T.& T. Deal Signals a Shift
The first is the dissidents' assertion that five senior executives who resigned last month amid a management shake-up by Mr. Purcell will return to Morgan Stanley.
AETNA INC.'s proposed purchase of the health care business of the Prudential Insurance Company of America has touched off concern among doctors and consumers, but Aetna's large size could ultimately benefit patients.
On Monday, at its Gamestock event to be held here, Microsoft is preparing to introduce the fruits of Mr. Rashid's hobby, a new ''massively multiplayer'' Internet game, Allegiance.
(Microsoft plans something similar for the next version of Windows, due at the end of 2006.)
But Gluecode is a stand-alone open-source business, and the purchase will give I.B.M.
Could it be true that Kodak charges half as much for the same ink?
Having already addressed the issue of whether granting the relief sought by the attorneys general would entail conflict with the Copyright Act, the court rejects Microsoft's counterclaim on yet more fundamental grounds as well: It is inconceivable that their resort to this court could represent an effort on the part of the attorneys general to deprive Microsoft of rights guaranteed it under federal law, because this court does not possess the power to act in contravention of federal law.
Mr. Ellison said on Friday that Oracle would include the Netscape Navigator browser with operating system software that Oracle planned to ship in the first half of 1997.
Some analysts said PeopleSoft was using the Oracle bid as a convenient excuse for troubles that run deeper.
I.B.M.
From 1978 to 1983, the government covered about half the costs of developing parts built by Japanese companies for the Boeing 767.
''Our first impression of Amazon was almost exactly how it turned out: we'd sell some apparel, shoes, balls, gifts, but very few clubs,'' Mr. Marney said.
That makes it possible for Comcast to consider taking over the bigger company while leaving its shareholders with a majority stake in a merged enterprise.
Ms. Kulakoff said that all together, Mr. Fascitelli would hold 7 percent to 8 percent of Vornado's shares.
Justice Dept case against Microsoft Corp and Federal Trade Commission case against Intel Corp, world's largest maker of computer chips, are similar to extent that they involve competing policy interests of antitrust law and intellectual property rights; there are also important differences between two cases over facts and law; most significant, in Intel's case, Government wants court to order company not to withhold its technical information from customers who are also developing rival technologies; in Microsoft case, most extreme measure under consideration is breakup of company; at their cores, both cases present clash between protections that intellectual property law is meant to give companies and protection of public that antitrust law is supposed to provide; photos (M)
Cisco said the company also planned to sell the technology it uses for electronic commerce to customers.
Microsoft still faces antitrust sanctions in Europe.
The program is a precursor to the Windows 98 operating system, which Microsoft plans to introduce next year and which is to  completely integrate the desktop personal computer and the Internet.
Motorola declined to comment on where the layoffs would be concentrated.
''We believed Warner-Lambert, American Home Products and Procter & Gamble could have been a blockbuster combination in terms of technology, marketing and scale capabilities,'' Mr. Jager said when announcing that talks had ended.
The half-hour show, called ''Amazon Fishbowl,'' will have a format familiar to any late-night television viewer, with a monologue by Mr. Maher, followed by an interview with an author, a conversation with a filmmaker and a performance by a musician or musical group.
Citing Europe, McDonald's Cuts Forecast For Quarter
This time, however, Microsoft insists that ''the techniques we've developed are significantly different than the claims for prior art of which we're aware,'' said Dick Brass, a Microsoft vice president for technology development who is leading the company's electronic-book development.
The suite has an Export for Office feature that makes the Corel files compatible with documents created in the Microsoft Office or WordPerfect Office suites.
The Burger King Corporation said yesterday that the Coca-Cola Company had agreed to pay up to $21.1 million for rigging a marketing test at its restaurants.
Smith, who is known as Ian and is the former chief executive of Marsh & McLennan and a Marsh director, will become chairman of Putnam, which is based in Boston.
And yet, Ms. Johnson said the BuySafe initiative could lead to incremental improvements in customer confidence on eBay.
The policy challenge spelled out by the Microsoft researchers comes as a quiet national policy debate over the future of supercomputing is taking place among experts in scientific, industrial and military computing.
''I guess I've made it very clear that we view an Intel investment in Go as an anti-Microsoft move, both because Go competes with our systems software and because we think it will weaken the 386 PC standard,'' Mr. Gates wrote.
Apple, with 4.5 percent of the personal computer market in the United States, ''is the underdog,'' Mr. Smith added.
Instructions for filmmakers interested in the program are provided at www.amazon.com/advantage.
Mr. Deutsch has had a better reception from colleagues on a leadership council composed of two dozen senior Interpublic managers, who meet regularly to discuss ways that their agencies -- in fields from advertising to public relations to sports marketing -- can work more closely together.
Intel Hopes Its Chips Can Become More Mobile
Apple provides eight weeks of training, four weeks at the company's headquarters in Cupertino, Calif., and another four weeks at the store.
Verizon has not been a major player in the corporate market for long, but the company has made growth in that market a priority.
Sun Microsystems announced an upgrade to several server computers yesterday, hoping to overtake I.B.M.
Also today, two other technology companies, Xilinx Inc. and the LSI Corporation, disclosed that earnings would not meet earlier projections.
Critics have said that much of I.B.M.
If Carnival does make concessions, they would probably be expensive ones, analysts said.
''She has impeccable credentials to lead an oversight body such as this task force,'' said Ben Deutsch, a spokesman for Coke.
The judge in the Microsoft antitrust case set a ''fast track'' schedule today intended to conclude the proceedings and impose a remedy roughly by the end of May.
A Connecticut judge agreed yesterday to allow Dan K. Webb, a well-known litigator, to join the legal team working on the divorce of John F. Welch Jr., the former chief executive of General Electric.
The Netscape Communications Corporation is Microsoft's chief rival in the browser market, and the Government charges in the suit that Microsoft has used the monopoly it enjoys with the Windows operating system to prevent computer manufacturers from offering Netscape's browser.
Wal-Mart is expected to announce that sales for Nov fell for first time in decade, surprise stumble by world's largest retailer that may be result of its too-quick revamping; company has introduced dizzying number of new strategies in last year and made several missteps in process; it has alienated some shoppers with its new line of designer-inspired urban fashion and disruptive remodeling of 1,800 stores; it has also overhauled its advertising to focus less on price and more on style, rolled out $4 generic drugs, ended its layaway program and imposed wage caps on its workers; analysts say Wal-Mart has little choice but to change as competitors like Target and Best Buy steal shoppers with smarter fashions and sleeker electronics; Wal-Mart's strategy of growing through relentless store openings--300 a year for last decade--has begun to hurt it by siphoning away sales from other Wal-Marts nearby; photos; graph (M)
Intel Corp reports fourth-quarter earnings that beat already lowered expectations of analysts; earnings were $2.6 billion, or 38 cents a share, compared with 34 cents a share during year-earlier period; revenue reached $8.7 billion, up 6 percent year-over-year but flat from previous quarter; in 2000, company made profit of $12.2 billion, doubling totals from 1999; revenue in 2000 climbed 15 percent, to $33.7 billion; company announces measures to cut costs, including closing of manufacturing plant in Puerto Rico by middle of year, eliminating 1,300 jobs; plant has produced about 11 percent of Intel's motherboards since 1980 (M)
''It's two years in a row of lower expectations among advertisers of what advertising can do for them,'' said Ms. Salz, whose company offers training seminars on advertising development and agency relations for marketers like American Express, Clorox, the T-Mobile division of Deutsche Telekom and Toyota Motor.
Union Pacific Fights Tougher Regulation
Mr. Barksdale said he regarded Microsoft's tactic of forcing Compaq to buy its browser as a condition of obtaining an essential product, the Windows operating system,  as ''an illegal act and absolute proof that Microsoft was a monopolist.''
Morgan Stanley had been barred from doing business with the state because of this settlement, and it is expected that the settlement will enable the firm to resume selling securities and providing other financial services to the state.
In a strongly worded motion filed in Federal District Court, antitrust prosecutors said that Microsoft had given computer makers and consumers a false series of choices in an effort to circumvent Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson's injunction.
Like Merrill Lynch, however, Morgan Stanley has found that on-line stock trading is more fundamental than that, forcing it to overhaul its operations sooner and more completely than its executives had envisioned only a year ago.
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter acted as an adviser for Time Warner in the deal, people close to the situation said.
In a series of presentations, executives at Pfizer, which is based in New York, said yesterday that they were starting the discount program -- whose cost will not significantly affect the company's profits, they said -- because it was the right thing to do.
Apple spokesmen declined to comment on the agreement.
E-Commerce Report; Running a joint promotion with Yahoo, Pepsi is in the Internet generation.
Rupert Murdoch, News Corporation's chief executive, said during a conference call with analysts and reporters yesterday that the company would decide on its next United States cable channel before the end of the year, although he played down speculation that it would start a business news channel to compete with CNBC.
AirTran Airways reaches agreement with Boeing Co to buy 50 narrow-body jets with options to purchase 50 more; deal is valued at list price of $4 billion, though planes are almost always sold at discount; most of 50 planes are 737-700's, and some are larger 737-800 models (M)
The meeting was linked to moving the News Corporation's domicile from Australia to the United States, which took place last year.
General Motors has said it expects the Daewoo venture to produce 900,000 cars a year by 2005, implying that it will expand Daewoo's plants, which could turn out about 600,000 cars a year before the bankruptcy.
Mr. Wilson said it was possible for Microsoft to sell 1.5 million consoles in North America during the coming holiday season.
At times, though, the affidavit reads mainly like a business school primer, explaining at length how stock analysts value companies, while doing little to address Microsoft specifically.
(About 10 percent of Comcast's customers in my county had intermittent service or none at all, I found out later.)
Apple's Safari browser for Macintosh includes the option for tabbed browsing in the program's Preferences area.
The new agreement includes a $525 million contract the companies signed in March under which Lucent would help Verizon Wireless build its next-generation cellular network, which sends data up to 14 times faster than current speeds.
Marriott International says 12 of its hotels in New Orleans are accepting reservations for arrivals starting Nov 1; five other Marriott hotels including two Ritz-Carlton hotels, will remain temporarily closed to public until further notice; corporate jet service is returning to Reagan Washington National Airport on Oct 18 after being banned since 2001 terrorist attacks because of airport's proximity to White House and Capitol; National Business Travel Association says it is working with Dr R Bradley Sack to help companies prepare possible outbreak of avian flu; flu viruses can be readily transported around world by air travel; Sack will record seminar on avian flu that will be available to members of group on its Web site; British Airways is offering 30 percent discount on business class seats to London if booked at least seven days in advance; Continental Airlines says members of its OnePass frequent-flier program will get 500 bonus miles each time they fly on tickets purchased on its Web site; also get 500 bonus miles for checking in online (Memo Pad column) (M)
''The market is saying the risk of bankruptcy is greater than the possibility of turnaround, but I think Xerox may still have a big portfolio of technologies and opportunities.''
But that hasn't stopped the realization of an album called ''Ray Sings, Basie Swings,'' which Concord Records and Starbucks Hear Music are jointly releasing today.
And John Myers is head of both Starr Aviation and its in-house counterpart, AIG Aviation.
Shares of AT&T fell $4.83, to 20.49.
Correction:  July 16, 2002, Tuesday  A picture caption yesterday with an article about Pfizer's plan to acquire the Pharmacia Corporation misstated the surname of Pfizer's chief executive.
That could have a direct effect on Microsoft's bottom line.
Pentair advertising account is won by McCann Erickson World Group division of Interpublic Group of Companies; North Castle Partners secures USA Track & Field account (S)
While she has been praised as a marketing whiz, some large investors say that  Mattel's poor performance is proof that the company needs a chief executive with a stronger grasp of the financial and operational details of the business.
Analysts were skeptical about the likelihood of an imminent buyout by American Express, but several of them have said that they consider Ameritrade a takeover target, especially in the wake of Mr. Lewis's departure.
General Motors officials arrive in South Korea for what may be final round of talks with creditors of Daewoo Motors over takeover of bankrupt carmaker; hopes for deal rise when Daewoo's main parts supplier, Korea Delphi Automotive Systems, ends month of intermittent strikes and slowdowns by giving unions no-layoffs pledge (S)
He said he was concerned that Oracle was being unfairly lumped with other, struggling, technology companies at a time Oracle is ''on a tremendous roll.''
''It's unfortunate that workers there feel the need to strike,'' said a spokesman for General Motors, Tony Cervone.
Mr. Sassa declined to comment yesterday as did other executives from both Turner and Time Warner.
Exxon Mobil, for example, said yesterday that it was ''adequately addressing the potential risks of climate change'' and that its shareholders showed their satisfaction by voting down a resolution at this year's annual meeting requesting a board report on the subject.
When asked about Mr. Suria's move to the hedge fund, Bill Curry, Amazon's spokesman, said, ''We have nothing to add.''
The Code Red worm, whose existence was first reported earlier in the  summer, primarily affects Microsoft Windows NT and 2000 systems that function as Web servers and have certain server software installed.
Price war between Intel Corp and Advanced Micro Devices escalates as both companies cut prices on some computer chips (S)
Coca-Cola's headquarters may be in Atlanta, but its business is increasingly dependent on what happens halfway around the world.
American International Group chief executive Maurice R Greenberg, who is strong advocate of government help in providing general terrorism coverage, urges that Federal government get out of business of providing terrorism coverage for US airlines for damage on ground; Greenberg says his company and other private insurers, which refused to sell coverage after Sept 11 terrorist attacks, are now willing to do so; says for government to continue subsidized insurance program for airlines would only stymie full development of commercial insurance market; private insurers have continued to provide full coverage for passengers and $50 million for ground damages, far short of $1 billion minimum required by lenders and many national regulators; Greenberg sends his proposal to Transportation Sec Norman Y Mineta; Air Transport Association says it is too soon to end government program because private coverage is not yet being offered at prices that are 'commercially reasonable'; photo (M)
Scot Wingo, the chief executive of ChannelAdvisor, a company that helps merchants sell on eBay and other online sites, said that several of his clients had told him that they had heard from Google about plans for a payment service, which they referred to as Google Wallet.
Gemfire, startup that designs microchip components for optical communications networks, says it has raised $63 million in new funds from its original venture capital backers and group of companies, including Cisco Systems and Corning; also describes two new products, microchip amplifier and optical switch (S)
Intel said last month that it would deliver several higher-performing versions of the multicore Xeon in early 2006, followed by more advanced versions later in the year that would greatly reduce the chip's power consumption.
Moreover, Mr. Henley said Oracle did not see any weakness among its customers that would hamper growth.
For example, Peter Goldmacher, who follows business-software vendors like BMC and Computer Associates for Merrill Lynch, focused on I.B.M.
A second area of strength, also in keeping with industry trends, was Verizon's broadband business, as the company added a net 306,000 high-speed Internet lines in the quarter.
Industry analysts closely monitor I.B.M.
Snow said the ties with Merck, which extend to 2007, were renegotiated in April and would make it ''even more unlikely'' that the penalty levels would ever be reached.
Citigroup's succession plan is moving faster than scheduled.
Regent Entertainment has developed Here and Viacom is set to start Logo, cable television channels aimed at mainstream gay Americans; channels come on heels of popular mainstream shows featuring, but not aimed at, homosexuals; Here developer Paul Colichman recently convinced leading cable companies Comcast and Cox Communications to distribute 18-month-old channel as part of their video-on-demand offerings; Logo is being offered as basic cable channel and has only gained access to 10 million homes; photos (M)
On June 10, Mr. Bezos signed on to Amazon.com to write a customer review of ''The Proving Ground,'' the new book by G. Bruce Knecht, a reporter for The Wall Street Journal.
The combination of General Mills and Pillsbury may  make General Mills a more enticing target for another company, Ms. Long said.
Unlike other filings, it is not an advocate's brief, amplifying the arguments of one side or the other, although Microsoft protested Mr. Lessig's participation in the case.
The pharmacy benefits manager Express Scripts said yesterday that it was willing to engage in a proxy war, if necessary, in its $26 billion effort to acquire its larger rival Caremark Rx and break up the pending merger of Caremark and the drugstore giant CVS.
Video game industry analysts said it was too soon to tell how much benefit Microsoft would gain by being the first out of the gate.
On the other hand, if Google expands its shopping area too much, it risks creating conflict with AOL, Yahoo and other companies that use its search services.
Robert Barnett, an executive vice president at Motorola, calls what is happening a ''spiraling recession.''
Johnson & Johnson will also pay a double-digit royalty and at least 40 percent of the costs of clinical trials for the drug.
Mr. Mallet, a peripatetic executive who was often Yahoo's chief salesman and most involved day-to-day manager, has been one of the few members of the company's original management team to remain.
Moreover, it gains an earlier window into I.B.M.
In his report, Joe Osha wrote that the ''Intel product road map should show improvement during 2006.''
Mr. Zander said Motorola's combination of a global brand name and strength in wireless technology attracted him to the job.
Profile of Time Warner Inc chief executive Gerald M Levin in light of America Online Inc's acquisition of Time Warner; Levin says merger amounts to nothing less than 'digital transformation' at Time Warner (M)
Many media buyers will take a ''watch first, buy later'' approach, monitoring Ms. Couric's ratings on CBS -- a network that attracts a generally older audience to its evening news program -- before committing to buying commercial time.
Excerpts from letter to Michael D Eisner and Walt Disney Co from Comcast Corp president-chief executive officer Brian L Roberts about Comcast's proposal to buy Disney (M)
So it is easy to make plausible deductions about Wal-Mart's ambitions in the Northeast.
Verizon, for its part, appeared ready to make some concessions yesterday to speed a resolution to the strike, which has disrupted the company's efforts to make repairs and start new service.
AOL Time Warner and Walt Disney Co revive long-running talks about combining their CNN and ABC News operations into joint venture in effort to cut costs; preliminary terms of deal call for two news divisions to merge into joint venture, two-third owned by AOL Time Warner and one-third owned by Disney; ownership stakes would not determine each side's degree of control over combined news organization's editorial content; issue has yet to be decided; both companies are more motivated to reach agreement than ever because they are suffering through prolonged downturn in advertising sales while under pressure from investors and credit-rating agencies to pay down their debts; discussions also take place at time when top executives of AOL Time Warner and Disney are under pressure from shareholders and directors to improve their results; photos (M)
He challenged Intel at a recent industry forum on the digital home, arguing that personal computer makers are about to lose out to the video game industry, which is waiting on a new generation of game consoles that also aspire to be home digital media hubs.
Typically, Ralph Lauren receives 5 to 25 percent of net sales on products that use its name in addition to a hefty up-front fee.
In the multiyear deal, Verizon's 3.3 million broadband customers will be able to use the co-branded portal at no additional charge.
In the spring, Mr. Weill, 72, began discussing with the Citigroup board and Mr.
Microsoft relented only after the Justice Department became curious.
On-again, off-again discussions at the Interpublic Group of Companies about merging Bozell in New York into Lowe & Partners Worldwide have resumed, according to agency executives involved in the talks.
The deal assures Intel of access to MicroUnity technology, which is used in Intel's current family of Pentium chips, and to patents that MicroUnity has developed more recently.
After a series of setbacks this year, Priceline.com, the ''name your price'' travel service, received a boost yesterday when the Better Business Bureau decided to reinstate the company as a member in good standing.
Mr. Kelly has a sell recommendation on Kodak shares, but only because he is pessimistic about Kodak's chances of reaping big profits from digital products even as it grapples with the decline of once-lucrative film sales.
The Microsoft deal, originally signed in January of last year, offers sponsored results to those who use the search button on the Internet Explorer Web browser.
''The only way we can make Saturn work economically is to leverage the rest of General Motors.''
''Sean's decision is just that, his decision,'' Mr. Bell wrote in a memo to Interpublic employees.
Nike Inc. said yesterday that as expected it would supplement its long-running theme, ''Just do it,'' with a new slogan, ''I can.''
Associates First shareholders would own about 10 percent of Citigroup.
Making its bid for one of the biggest prizes in the Mexican economy, the AT&T Corporation announced a $1 billion alliance today with a Mexican partner, Grupo Industrial Alfa S.A., that would provide long-distance telephone service when the present Government-approved monopoly ends in 1997.
Two inventors at the Intel Corporation have patented a technology designed to give cell phone owners greater purchasing power.
and VeriSign To Cooperate on Web Security
Ralph Lauren, the chairman and chief executive of Polo Ralph Lauren, which has annual sales of $1.6 billion, said he was attracted to the relatively small Club Monaco as a growth strategy.
Meanwhile, Wal-Mart is following a cautious, test-the-waters approach adopted in Japan by the world's other big supermarket chains.
Cisco Systems Inc's successful use of Internet to sell computer networking gear could portend how businesses may eventually turn Internet into money-making medium; sales on Cisco's World Wide Web site have reached over $1 billion a year and are expected to double that pace by July; Cisco, in addition to order-taking, also handles credit checking, production scheduling, basic technical support and routine customer-support queries on line; benefits include faster service, quicker production cycles and savings; Cisco aide Peter Solvik says companies in any field can soon do same; graph; photos (L)
Another provision of the sale agreement would allow Time Warner to buy back up to a 19.9 percent stake under certain circumstances, including a transaction like a merger with EMI.
Kodak's earnings woes reflect the fact that while the company has often said that its future is hitched to the star of digital photography, its current fiscal health is heavily dependent on its mainstay conventional film business.
''Microsoft,'' Mr. Litan said, ''should have just said, 'We put out something that people like, period.'
The Navigator software produced by the Netscape Communications Corporation is still the leading browser program, but the Microsoft browser, Internet Explorer, is gaining fast.
The Eastman Kodak Company reported nearly a 35 percent gain in second-quarter earnings yesterday, reversing a six-quarter-long decline.
The company said Aetna U.S. Healthcare, its health benefits subsidiary, would add 3,500 new positions, for a net reduction of 4,000.
Intel shares gained $1.22, to $73.34, in Nasdaq trading.
Computer industry analysts said that the incident echoed a 1992 controversy in which Microsoft employees masqueraded as independent computer users and posted messages to public computer bulletin boards with opinions critical of I.B.M.
A suit against I.B.M., seeking $1 billion, is largely responsible for the legal worries surrounding open-source software.
Under its new structure, the former I.B.M.
For the last year, WebTV, a subsidiary of the Microsoft Corporation, has been selling boxes that allow users to browse the Web on their television sets, using a connection to a regular telephone line.
To Oracle's lawyers, Microsoft represents a powerful challenge to the government's myopic market definition, and its talks with SAP are proof that the business software market could change quickly.
Neither Kellogg nor Burnett would discuss spending for the cereal campaign, but the company was said to be devoting the largest amount to a nutritional message since the mid-1980's, when it promoted the benefits of the bran in All-Bran.
The FedEx Corporation said yesterday that it would buy Kinko's Inc., the chain of copying centers, for $2.4 billion in cash, allowing it to expand its presence among small and midsize businesses that have long been Kinko's main customer base.
''Nike is the 800-pound gorilla in the industry,'' said Timothy Harrington, Fogdog's chief executive.
Not long after sitting down next to each other in a sunny conference room at Citigroup's Manhattan headquarters, Ajay Banga and Steven J. Freiberg, the bank's newly named co-directors of the global consumer banking group, began to argue.
On Tuesday, Apple will hold another of Mr. Jobs's marketing events here to introduce what trade publications and analysts indicate will be his next campaign: an effort to transform the distribution of Hollywood movies as thoroughly as he has revolutionized the recording industry with the iTunes Music Store.
Outlook for Boeing Co discussed in light of its plans to scale back output and further cut work force; Airbus Industrie, its sole competitor making large passenger jets, seems to be suffering far less than Boeing from global economic woes; Boeing's current troubles date to ill-fated 1996 decision to win market share at all costs; graph of Boeing's work force (M)
Electronic Arts said it would make 10 unspecified titles available within six months after xBox appears.
Once they were reached, Yahoo executives rushed to move up their announcement.
Dow Corning asserted again yesterday that it believed there was no such evidence, and, clearly, that is an issue on which the company believes that it can prevail.
Citigroup says third-quarter earnings rose 35 percent, $7.14 billion; steadier profits from its global consumer businesses fell 13 percent, to $2.72 billion; revenue rose 15 percent, to $21.5 billion; chief executive Charles O Prince III comments; photo (Market Place column) (M)
Popular Motorola and Nokia phones will typically bring $2 to $20; the hottest models, like Motorola's Moto Razr V3, seem to fetch the most.
Sun Microsystems Inc. lashed out at the Microsoft Corporation yesterday, saying that it would not give up its ownership of the Java computer language, as Microsoft and other companies have recently suggested, in order to have it officially certified as an international standard.
''Apple is in a much more difficult position than other companies in the backdating morass, because a significant portion of its market valuation is based on Steve Jobs staying at his job,'' he said.
I.B.M., however, had deployed mainframe computers all over the world for big corporations, and those corporations wanted those computers to communicate with one another.
A person close to Morgan Stanley said that the firm conducted an internal investigation that found Ms. Schieffelin's charges of discrimination to be without merit.
Merck, which has said it withdrew the drug as soon as it had conclusive evidence of unacceptable risk, declined to discuss its defense strategy.
Fidelity's lawyers say that they were introduced to Mr. Zou by I.B.M.
Johnson & Johnson is a far larger and more diversified health care enterprise with a major pharmaceutical business, consumer products and a broader array of device subsidiaries than Boston Scientific.
But tomorrow Time Warner is expected to announce that it will instead renew its three-year-old partnership with Google as the provider of search technology.
Traditionally, employers that offered drug benefits to retirees typically used benefit managers like Caremark and Express Scripts.
The Airbus plane is intended to compete with Boeing's planned stretch-747 jumbo jet
Toby C. Lenk, president of Gap Direct, the company's Internet division, said last year's self-built technology upgrade, which was criticized as unnecessarily expensive by some in the industry, was paying for itself much more quickly than he had envisioned.
A picture caption in Business Day on Oct. 21 with an article about the News Corporation winning a crucial shareholder vote on a takeover defense strategy misstated the middle initial of the company's president and chief operating officer.
A Verizon spokeswoman, Brenda Raney, said the company thought that it would be jeopardizing customers' privacy by participating in the list.
''We didn't need to look at the Web sites to know what our employees were thinking,'' said Jana Weatherbee, an I.B.M.
''The onus is on Microsoft to design its product in conformity with European competition laws, which it is well aware of.''
Mr. da Costa's American buyers may be relative newcomers, but they are already helping change the face of the tropical fruit trade in this part of the Brazilian Amazon.
has been so successful in stealing the spotlight from Intel lately that Kevin B. Rollins, the president of one of Intel's biggest customers, Dell Computer, said at a financial conference call this month that Dell was considering adding computers with A.M.D.
Microsoft contends that its restrictions on how personal computer makers present Windows is an entirely legal defense of its copyright.
Alaska Airlines is owned by the Alaska Air Group, a holding company that also owns Horizon Air, a smaller carrier.
But in the same paragraph, the judge also wrote that Microsoft blocked ''the easiest and most intuitive paths'' for obtaining Netscape's browser, so that ''few new users had any incentive'' to install it.
So far the Century Strategies lobbying campaign has not clearly moved Mr. Bush into Microsoft's camp.
Analysts said they have not seen any obvious impact on I.B.M.
Many financial analysts said that during his tenure, Ford Motor went from being the strongest of the Big Three domestic automakers financially to arguably the weakest.
''There is something very clever going on here with Apple releasing Safari for Windows,'' said Scott Love, president of Aquaminds Software, a Macintosh developer based in Palo Alto, Calif. ''Don't ever underestimate S.
It owns Cole Haan shoes, which are high-end fashion shoes for men and women; it sells sports apparel for teenagers under the Hurley label; and it owns Bauer Nike Hockey, a maker of hockey equipment.
says that Ashford went on to commit more violations in later quarters, though those were done without any help from Amazon.
In a news conference outside the Pentagon, the defense minister of Australia, Brendan Nelson, told Bloomberg News that ''We are very disappointed with Boeing's performance on the program.''
Boeing is estimated to have lost $1 billion in government contracts as a result of the suspension.
In addition to the monetary penalty, settlement terms include a restatement of Xerox's financial results from 1997 through 2000 and the appointment of a committee composed entirely of Xerox's outside directors to review its accounting controls and policies.
To achieve interoperability with digital rights management, he said, Apple would have to license its technology, creating security risks.
Campbell Battles Heinz in Court Concerning Move by Executive
Correction:  July 17, 2001, Tuesday  A front-page article on Thursday about Microsoft's relaxing of some contract restrictions on personal computer makers incompletely described a federal appeals court ruling on June 28 about the company's bundling of its Internet browser with its Windows operating system.
But in the interim, the stations will continue to be seen on Time Warner's systems on a rolling 45-day basis.
10-year contract is awarded to Derlan Industries Ltd of Toronto by Boeing Co to help develop lightweight drive-train system for AH-64 Apache attack helicopter; deal is worth about $500 million for Derlan (S)
Citigroup Global Markets.
Raytheon's troubles are particularly worrisome because the company had been widely viewed as one of the best-managed concerns in the armaments industry.
AT&T's long-distance business started shrinking faster than almost anyone had expected.
The Marriott hotel chain, eager to polish the image of its most upscale brand, JW Marriott, had taken over the tony Rihga Royal Hotel on West 54th Street in Manhattan and renamed it the JW Marriott New York.
At the least, Carnival has probably started a successful spoiling tactic by preventing Royal Caribbean from obtaining the 75 percent of votes from P&O shareholders required for the deal to proceed, analysts said.
For instance, speaking of the Verizon spot, Ms. Simonton said, ''One might be able to interpret the women as being very nagging.''
Intel executives also said they had no plans to slow their pace of acquisitions.
They are hoping that the broader alliance with Yahoo will help struggling newspaper companies increase online revenues.
Of course that may say as much about the lack of coordination at Time Warner as it describes an opportunity for the new company.
But feeling strong about its market position, Intel raised its prices, and its customers bolted.
The largest merger in cable television history cleared its last regulatory hurdle yesterday when the Federal Communications Commission approved license transfers necessary for Comcast to acquire AT&T Broadband.
With Woodcrest, Intel says it will reduce power consumption by 35 percent while improving computing performance by more than 80 percent, closing its performance gap with A.M.D.
*Exxon's Benicia refinery in Northern California.
The Coca-Cola company also collects revenue as an equity investor in those bottlers.
Leonard Koch, the chairman of the distribution company, BKS Entertainment, said yesterday that he decided to seek the ''Showtime'' contract after learning that Time Warner planned to take control of the board of the Apollo Theater Foundation, the nonprofit corporation that operates the state-owned Harlem landmark.
Just how difficult it might be for Microsoft to alter its operating system in time to meet its release date, ensuring that there would be no disruption in the marketplace, is uncertain and a highly technical matter.
In addition, Courtyard by Marriott II said it might defer interest payments to Marriott on a $200 million loan made to CBM.
Investment banks and regulators are near final agreement to outlines of $1.4 billion settlement over abusive banking practices; Thomas Weisel Partners, investment banking boutique basedin San Francisco, opts out of settlement rather than be labeled with fraud; Deutsche Bank is also not expected to be party to settlement because of cache of undisclosed e-mail traffic discovered by firm's information technology department; discovery was made earlier this week; regulators are expected to use word 'fraud' to describe extent to which investment bankers at Citigroup, Credit Suisse and Merrill Lynch influenced work of their research department; regulators say Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley will see some harsh language used with regard to their conduct, but word 'fraud' will not be used (M)
But Mr. Murdoch is clearly not taking any chances that he might lose control of the News Corporation, which he plans to turn over to his sons: Lachlan, now deputy chief operating officer, and James, chief executive of British Sky Broadcasting, Mr. Murdoch's satellite TV company in Britain.
Well, the workers whose jobs are now threatened at I.B.M.
''We are still very much in the bidding for Conrail,'' said Robin Chapman, a spokesman for Norfolk Southern, based in Norfolk, Va. ''We agreed to discuss the competitive balance regardless of which railroad gets Conrail.''
Google and Microsoft are pursuing bids to buy the company, according to The Wall Street Journal, which said that DoubleClick's owner, the private equity firm Hellman & Friedman, has priced DoubleClick at more than $2 billion.
Earlier, Motorola had told analysts it hoped to achieve a 10 percent margin on handsets by the end of this year.
Both Wal-Mart, based in Bentonville, Ark., and Target, based in Minneapolis, have improved their offerings in the last year, analysts said.
Intel announced the Indian computer project as part of a wider global strategy to promote the use of technology in emerging markets.
Shares of Merck fell 72 cents yesterday, to $28.41, a drop of 2.5 percent.
Citigroup says its fourth-quarter operating earnings plunged 27 percent, to $1.4 billion, from quarter a year earlier; for the year, Citigroup reports operating earnings of $6.3 billion on revenue of $49.8 billion; results for all of 1998 include many charges, including $703 million of previously announced $900 million charge related to eliminating 10,400 jobs; undisclosed but substantial number of job cuts will involve layoffs (M)
New Yorkers, however, can expect an aggressive marketing pitch from the subsidiaries of the merged Con Edison and Northeast Utilities, which are competing with other marketers.
Shares of Coca-Cola fell $1, to $57.19 yesterday.
In addition, he accused Medtronic of manipulating its accounting and operating practices to deprive him of tens of millions of dollars of royalties.
Union Pacific has been replacing about 200 locomotives each year, with some leased and some purchased.
The outcome of the closely watched case, before a nine-member jury in federal court here, could foreshadow Firestone's ability to battle a number of other defective-tire lawsuits and show whether its attempts to shift blame for crashes involving its tires to the Ford Motor Company will be accepted by jurors.
Mr. Messman insists that the company's goal in acquiring SuSE is to develop the Linux market, not to win over Microsoft customers.
Mr. Luftman said that Fox had previously agreed that it would allow Time Warner's cable systems to carry the stations it owned -- as well as any new stations it purchased -- through 1999 in exchange for carriage by Time Warner Cable of another Fox-owned cable channel, F/X.
That emphasis on chilled Coca-Cola evokes the major investments that bottlers have made, at the company's urging, in refrigerator cases and other equipment.
Coca-Cola plans a yearlong marketing campaign to be started with two advertisements during America's most-watched television program, the Super Bowl.
The report -- which will be released today by Cyveillance, which tracks Internet sites for corporate clients -- says that the use of an Internet monitoring technology popularly known as ''Web bugs'' has exploded on personal Web pages -- especially those created free through online companies like America Online and Geocities, a company owned by Yahoo.
''There has to be a sense the top guy's behind this,'' Mr. Nelson said, because his new job calls for him to roam across the Interpublic organizational chart, seeking ways to encourage the disparate units to cooperate with each other if so required by clients.
Even before the latest revelation, analysts of Russia's booming cellphone market say they had noticed strange sales patterns for Motorola's C115 model, a no-frills, black plastic phone about the size of a cigarette pack that retails for around $50 but briefly got a lot cheaper last spring.
General Motors may have taken its calculations to an indecent extreme, placing too little value on human life.
Southwest Airlines began flights to Philadelphia in May, and a start-up, Independence Air, began flying from Dulles International near Washington in June, competing with US Airways' big operation at Reagan National about 30 miles away.
Some analysts expect Intel to demonstrate 64-bit features in the Pentium 4 and the Xeon chip for low-end servers later this month at the company's biannual conference for software developers.
Yet the aged version of Windows 95 that Microsoft will offer PC makers as its way of complying with the judge's order will not properly run recent versions of on-line services like America Online and Compuserve, the popular personal-finance program Quicken 98 or the Lotus Notes groupware software.
AMR Corp, parent of American Airlines, reports net loss of $529 million in fourth quarter compared with loss of $798 million year earlier; revenue was $4.19 billion, 10.1 percent increase over year earlier; net loss was $3.51 billion for 2002, 10.1 percent increase over year earlier; chief executive Donald J Carty comments; Southwest Airlines reports profit of $42.4 million in fourth quarter, 33.2 percent drop from $63.5 million year ago; revenue rose 13.2 percent from year earlier, to $1.4 billion; chief executive James F Parker comments (M)
Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide in New York, part of the WPP Group, said yesterday that it had completed and installed a digital video archive with the help of I.B.M.
Adobe has improved the Help menu to include detailed instructions for some of CS2's more complicated new features.
A hangover from the Dean Witter days, when the focus was on middle-income clients, Morgan Stanley's average revenue of $421,000 for every broker trailed Smith Barney's $532,790 and Merrill Lynch's $697,234 in 2004, according to research done by Guy Moszkowski, a securities analyst at Merrill Lynch.
International Business Machines Corp begins industry's first large-scale production of of type of chip that may cut prices and improve performance and portability for cellular phones and other wireless communications devices; use of germanium, efficient electricity conductor, allows combination of wireless communications components and silicon digital transistors on single chip; analysts expect silicon germanium chips to play key role in future network-switching equipment for routing all sorts of Internet traffic (M)
At least 1,300 of the new cuts will also be in the Rochester area, where Kodak is phasing out a huge plant in nearby Elmgrove and closing a film-coating operation.
''I don't think we should open or close a market because of the volume of trades,'' said Mr. Matsumoto, a former Goldman Sachs trader.
In June 2003, Google transferred 1.2 million shares to Yahoo, which it said was all that Yahoo was entitled to under the terms of the warrant.
''Clearly, the decision to increase the cash dividend on our stock -- the first such increase in eight years -- is a reflection of our confidence in Kodak's ability to continue to deliver improved results,'' Mr. Fisher said in a statement.
Microsoft has four weeks to respond.
''Nike's business is healthy in every area except one,'' Mr. Knight said.
Pfizer will also pay most of the costs of the clinical trials.
Shares of Morgan Stanley Dean Witter fell $6.50, or 6.8 percent, to $89.44.
In its newspaper and broadcast ads, the union has sought to rebut this argument by noting that Verizon had $4 billion in profit last year and asserting that its chief executive, Ivan G. Seidenberg, received many thousands of stock options last year.
Some analysts speculated that certain customers might have bought more software than they currently need to protect themselves in case Oracle's takeover bid is successful and they need time to look elsewhere for other software suppliers.
Last Tuesday, RealNetworks, the maker of a rival program to Media Player, said Microsoft was not ready to comply with the second order.
Microsoft is now locked in competition with small start-up companies that originally pioneered the Web services field, as well as with software and hardware giants like I.B.M., Oracle and Sun Microsystems, all of which are developing their own Web services.
Boeing and the Pentagon are willing to weather the criticism because the deal is so important to both of them.
They were sold through his own company, Tiffany Studios.
''Yahoo was willing to jump when things weren't working out,'' said Kris Zagoria of Moxie Interactive, the Atlanta agency that handles Verizon's Internet advertising.
In announcing the appointment, which the board approved Sunday night, Motorola said yesterday that Mike Zafirovski, its president and chief operating officer, would remain in that position.
Investors largely looked past signs of sluggish performance in Coke's domestic soft-drink business yesterday because many of them had been bracing for severely bad news from the company after Coca-Cola Enterprises, Coke's largest bottler, said Wednesday that its second-quarter sales in North America were flat.
General Accounting Office official Neil Curtain tells House committee Air Force plan to lease 100 Boeing 767's for use as aerial refueling tankers will cost $173 million per plane, not $138 million Air Force estimates; questions why Air Force agreed to 15 percent profit margin on deal, citing 6 percent margin on planes sold for commercial use; Boeing chief executive Philip M Condit tells stock analysts he expects program to win approval; Boeing reports second-quarter net loss of $192 million, compared with year-earlier net income of $779 million; cuts its 2004 sales and earnings estimates; photo (M)
For some lawyers and antitrust experts, Mr. Klein's decision was the biggest surprise since Microsoft's chairman, William H. Gates, helped bail out his traditional nemesis, Apple Computer Inc., earlier this year.
The announcement follows similar deals Yahoo has struck with Verizon Communications and SBC Communications, which are fighting with cable companies for high-speed Internet customers.
It was considered a good complement to General Electric's disparate portfolio, including aircraft engines and the NBC network television, though regulators were expected to scrutinize the deal and ask for certain divestitures.
With the upgrading from the junk-bond category, Moody's moved Mexico into the league of countries that present a very low risk of failing to pay their debts.
Xerox reckons that SOHO -- that's industry parlance for small office and home office -- represents a $57 billion market for printers.
Many Wall Street firms are proving to be reluctant merger partners though many investors think it is matter of time before America's big securities houses link up with banks; Morgan Stanley Dean Witter recently debated and dismissed merger offer from Chase Manhattan Corp; decision is latest setback for Chase and its top executives, Walter V Shipley and William B Harrison; Shipley has been courting Morgan Stanley, Merrill Lynch & Co and Goldman Sachs Group for more than a year (M)
Richard Cook, the longtime Disney executive who is chairman of Walt Disney Studios, which oversees the live-action and animated film divisions, rejects the idea that Disney is getting soft.
I.B.M.
''This is turning into a public relations disaster,'' said Mike Elgan, the editor of Windows magazine, a monthly that focuses on how to make best use of Microsoft's operating system.
Since Fox has already distinguished itself as a leader in cable television news, the analysts said, the Clear Channel agreement will go a long way toward establishing it as a competitor to veteran radio players like ABC and CBS.
Marriott's chief spokeswoman, Charlotte B.
The Ford Motor Company capitalized on the TV car's popularity in 1976 when it produced a limited-edition ''Starsky and Hutch'' Gran Torino.
Merck said last month that it planned to hire 1,500 sales representatives, increasing its sales force in the United States to more than 6,500.
Wal-Mart has given ''every indication'' that it will go to trial rather than settle, Mr. Donovan said.
Indeed, Lehman took over the whole development, architectural and construction group assembled by Morgan Stanley, said Tommy Craig, senior vice president of Hines, a big, privately owned real estate company that develops projects for its own account as well as third parties.
United States Tennis Association, which runs United States Open tournament, and IBM and American Express, which sponsor tournament, are aiming their advertising for this year's event at younger, more diverse audience than tennis has traditionally attracted; respond to drop in tournament's television ratings; photo (M)
Coca-Cola Co's directors approve purchase of Vitaminwater maker Glaceau, which is also known as Energy Brands, for $4.2 billion in cash and Coke stock (M)
''Verizon's persistent efforts to protect copyright thieves on pirate peer-to-peer networks will not succeed.''
''It was time for me to move on,'' Robert Fisher said yesterday about leaving the presidency at Gap.
and Cisco Systems plan to announce on Tuesday a joint development project to expand their reach into the Internet telephone market, with Cisco providing the phone and network technology and I.B.M.
Although India represents only about 1 percent of Coca-Cola's global volume, the nation is seen as central to the company's long-term growth strategy.
According to figures provided by I.B.M., that market over all is growing at about 30 percent a year.
Dana Baker, editor in chief of Yahoo's Overture unit, which displays the paid search ads at Yahoo's site, among others, said that the company's editors also generally barred advertisers from buying other people's names.
Betsy J Bernard, chief of consumer services operation at AT&T Corp, will become company's next president; John Polumbo, senior vice president for business services, will succeed Bernard; appointments set in motion David W Dorman era at AT&T; president Dorman is set to take over as chairman and chief executive once AT&T completes sale of its cable television operation to Comcast later this year; AT&T chairman-chief executive C Michael Armstrong is to depart to become chairman of combined AT&T Comcast upon completion of deal; AT&T vice chairman Charles H Noski will also depart (M)
General Motors said today that it would begin producing a small car in China in December, the first of several such offerings planned by some of the world's largest automakers, each hoping to dominate this country's potentially huge market.
Lockheed Martin's chief executive, Vance D. Coffman, said the transaction was part of the company's ''portfolio shaping activities,'' meaning that the company was shedding peripheral businesses, and amounted to a large drop in shares outstanding, ''thereby enhancing shareholder value.''
Microsoft lawyers have said that any legal remedy imposed on its operations in Europe might be extended to all Windows programs in all regions, including the United States.
Apple now has 147 stores -- all but 14 in the United States -- and is adding new ones at the rate of 40 a year.
IMS Health says Americans are still rushing to get Viagra, Pfizer's new impotence pill, but market has already begun to change; new prescriptions for Viagra totaled 269,842 for week ended May 1; IMS says when Viagra was released a month ago, urologists were writing 47.5 percent of new prescriptions and primary-care physicians 34 percent; new figures show trend reversing, with primary-care physicians writing 49 percent and urologists 33 percent (S)
Even so, he and other analysts said they saw Oracle's entry into the market as an important endorsement of the concept.
As of June 1, employees of the News Corporation and their families had given almost $350,000 in campaign contributions, 60 percent of which went to Democrats, according to the Center for Responsive Politics.
Mr. Parsons has also previously rejected Mr. Icahn's repeated requests that the company conduct a so-called Dutch auction for its shares, because that would entail buying back shares above their market value, and other large Time Warner shareholders considered such a process unfair.
New York City and its suburbs are epicenter of strike against Verizon by its 86,000 employees, with most strident and sometimes violent picket lines; company reports 455 strike-related incidents of assault, harassment and vandalism in 12 states and District of Columbia; first two strike-related arrests are made in New York City; company is granted temporary restraining order barring pickets from preventing managers or replacement workers from enteriung offices or carrying out work assignments (M)
Melissa Abernathy, manager of public affairs for American Express, shrugged off the implied criticism.
Intuit Inc will broaden its QuickBooks line of accounting software to serve business customers and specific business segments in effort to increase profit; new offerings include $1,500 version of QuickBoosk, code-named Hercules and expected to be released next summer, for large corporations; Intuit agrees to buy Omware, maker of construction-management software, for $42 million in stock; graph (M)
Interpublic will exchange 1.14 shares of its stock for each of the 51 million outstanding shares of True North, which enjoyed a recent runup in its stock price despite the carnage on Wall Street because of speculation that Interpublic, WPP or Havas would make a a takeover bid.
Microsoft won an endorsement yesterday for its online identification software from Citigroup.
Motorola Inc says revenue rose sharply in first quarter, to $8.8 billion, up about 20 percent from $7.3 billion in year-earlier quarter; profit more than doubled, to $449 million, compared with $184 million a year ago (M)
McDonald's campaign aims to regain the youth market.
Chevron, Devon Energy and Statoil ASA, the Norwegian oil giant, reported that they had found 3 billion to 15 billion barrels in several fields 175 miles offshore, 30,000 feet below the gulf's surface, among formations of rock and salt hundreds of feet thick.
At the News Corporation, Mr. Murdoch is looking toward slow growth.
International users accounted for more than 45 percent of the goods sold on eBay.
The report faults Nike for doing much of its production in China, where independent unions are prohibited and where, the report said, workers are paid at most $1.50 for a pair of shoes that sells for $100.
Airbus hopes sales of its twin-engine A350 will help save company, which has been plagued by management changes and production delays, which may cost more than 4.8 billion euros ($6.4 billion) in earnings over next four years; chief operating officer John Leahy expects to secure at least 200 orders for aircraft this year; Boeing and Airbus predict production of planes in 180- to 250-seat category will double in 2025; photo (M)
Their complaint will most likely accuse Intel of withholding key technical information about the company's chips from computer makers with which Intel is involved in disputes.
The Interpublic Group of Companies in New York said yesterday that it would place a shareholder proposal to sell the company on the proxy for the 2005 annual meeting, after the Securities and Exchange Commission denied a request by the company to exclude the plan.
''It revolutionized the computer industry, and I.B.M.
He has attracted additional publicity for his role as an adviser to the group of retired executives who are publicly campaigning for the resignation of Philip J. Purcell, the chief executive of Morgan Stanley.
While AOL has tried to persuade AT&T to swap its 27.3 percent of Time Warner Entertainment for a stake in a newly created Time Warner Cable operation, AT&T wants at least $1 billion in cash and billions of dollars in stock in the parent AOL Time Warner in addition to a stake in the cable subsidiary, according to people close to the negotiations.
Firestone and Ford Motor have made considerable progress in their investigations into the tire-related crashes that have killed more than 100 Americans, mostly in Ford Explorers, but they remained divided on some basic issues as they presented their results to regulators this week, people close to the inquiries said.
It was not clear yesterday exactly why BellSouth, the Southeast's dominant local telephone carrier, instead chose General Electric's Americom division.
Yahoo has secured the Webcasting rights to ''Survivor: The Amazon,'' the latest version of CBS's reality program.
Shares of Humana, whose chief executive resigned recently amid unrelated concerns about falling earnings, fell 6.25 cents, to $7, on the New York Stock Exchange.
Morgan Stanley, which merged with Dean Witter two years ago, also worried about the difficulty of tackling another large merger now.
Microsoft says its software must operate with other kinds of online authentication software if Internet commerce is to develop rapidly.
That silly spot detracted from some nifty ones saluting Home Depot's program of providing jobs to athletes on the United States Olympic team.
Nancy Carr, a vice president of Eastman Kodak, said her company's picture viewer has two features that cameras generally cannot match.
Shares of Carnival closed at $44.875, up 75 cents, while NCL Holding's American depository receipts rose $3.312, to $14.50.
Boston Scientific has disputed that allegation.
is one of the biggest subcontractors in putting together the I.B.M.
IBM and Xerox Corp will jointly market an officewide document management system, comprising Xerox's Document Centre line of digital products that do triple duty as printers, copiers and scanners, and IBM's Lotus suite of document management software (M)
The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission threw federal weight yesterday behind two private lawsuits against the Lockheed Martin Corporation, the big military contractor, seeking to assist and broadly amplify the claims of 11 employees who say the company discriminated against them because they are black.
Carl C. Icahn will try to escalate his fight to break up Time Warner today by proposing a slate of directors that includes Dale M. Hanson, the former chief executive of a powerful pension fund, the California Public Employees' Retirement System, or Calpers, according to people involved in the plan.
He joined Exxon in 1975 as a production engineer after graduating from the University of Texas at Austin with a degree in civil engineering.
Baxter International said yesterday that a chemical that it used to manufacture filters for dialysis patients might have played a role in dozens of deaths around the world.
Eventually, I unearthed portables from Apple, Fujitsu, NEC and WinBook that seem to offer everything.
Airbus's decision to build its first final-assembly line outside Europe would assist the embattled European aircraft maker in its bid to match Boeing in the booming Chinese aviation market, analysts said.
''There are so many millions of people that go through a Starbucks every day, and if some of those people become aware of a new book because of this program then it's a good thing for all of us.''
In the remedy phase, the court will decide what penalty, or remedy, is assigned to Microsoft.
Intel Narrows Its Estimate Of Revenue
The middle of the keyboard still sprouts the old I.B.M.
A spokeswoman for Halliburton, Wendy Hall, declined to address the specific calculations that Mr. Dingell and Mr. Waxman used in their letter, saying that the company's KBR unit, which is working in Iraq, ''continues to negotiate fair and competitive prices to provide fuel to the Iraqi people.''
In addition to an all-star cast of technologists, the start-up had backing from major industry players like I.B.M., Intel and AT&T.
Google Gives Up on Competing With eBay's Big Boston Party
The three companies that objected -- American International Group of New York, the Chubb Corporation of Warren, N.J., and the St. Paul Companies -- said they worried that the weaker Cigna company might not have enough assets to pay its claims.
Under the deal, Oak Lawn, an Internet commerce and data base company will be allied with the Japanese operations of McCann Relationship Marketing Worldwide, part of the McCann-Erickson World Group unit of Interpublic.
Elias Harik, the information technology manager for Houghton Mifflin's College Division in Boston, said his division had used I.B.M.
General Motors is returing to South Africa 10 years after end of apartheid, one of largest companies to divest itself of its South African holdings; GM, which sold its operations to local management in 1987, will buy back remaining 51 percent of Delta Motor Corp under deal approved by South African regulators; Delta, which has been 49 percent owned by GM sicne 1997, will become General Motors South Africa; terms of deal undisclosed; GM group vice president Maureen Kempston Darkes meets with South Africa's Pres Thabo Mbeki and says Delta buyback is vote of confidence in new South Africa; photo (M)
is also expected to settle charges with Abbott Laboratories and Geneva Pharmaceuticals, a generic drug company owned by Novartis, executives said.
Healthy Sales At AT&T And Verizon
Mr. Craig said the Hines relationship with Morgan Stanley went back to 1993, when the company helped manage the building at 1585 Broadway after its original developer lost it to lenders and assisted the securities company in adapting the structure for its purposes after it won a bidding contest for it.
Robert DeFillippo, a spokesman for Prudential, would not comment.
Last quarter was the fifth consecutive one that Oracle has announced that earnings would not meet its own initial projections.
Intel did eliminate from the review agencies owned by the Publicis Groupe, leaving as contenders agencies owned by the Interpublic Group of Companies, the Omnicom Group and the WPP Group to be weighed alongside the Havas agencies.
For Microsoft, the PC promises to remain a powerful business and technology franchise for years to come.
Microsoft has not announced a release date for a 64-bit product.
Apple Computer made available the first public version of its software media player, QuickTime 6, yesterday.
The billionaire founder of Amazon.com has an interest in space, and more than enough money to pursue his interests.
The Yahoo-Reuters project will create a systematic way to incorporate images covering a wider range of topics into news coverage.
Microsoft will purchase interest-bearing securities that are convertible to AT&T shares during the next three years at a price of $75 a share.
The deal will significantly increase Mattel's competitiveness in a fast-growing market by combining its strength in research and development, distribution and purchasing with the Learning Company's software expertise.
For Aruba's top executives, the disadvantages of life as a small unit of Cisco -- constantly battling for resources and attention -- outweighed the advantages of Cisco's brand and marketing muscle.
In overseas markets, Citigroup has ample reason to believe it can carve out a distinct identity for itself in the credit card business.
The disastrous decline in Marsh & McLennan's stock that has followed Eliot Spitzer's lawsuit of last week has injured a broad array of institutional and individual investors.
Madison Avenue is responding to the planned acquisition of Gillette by Procter & Gamble with a mix of anxiety and eagerness.
Shares of Netflix rose 63 cents, to $16.13.
Mr. Caroti, the Nike general manager for Central Europe, says Nike plans to take on Adidas in Germany with a combination of blanket promotions and high-profile sponsorships.
''It gives powerful new ammunition to lawyers pursuing class-action cases,'' said Stephen Houck, who was the chief lawyer for the 19 states that filed suit against Microsoft.
THE MARKETS: Market Place; Inside Intel, Latest Setbacks Provoke Worries
Boeing shares closed at $95.50, down $1.50, on the New York Stock Exchange.
North Carolina was not one of the journalism schools designated by Wal-Mart for scholarships, but the university awards about $100,000, some from media companies, to students every year, Mr. Bowers said.
I.B.M.
But by running a program on its servers, America Online could exploit the bug by weeding out users whose software did not have the error and therefore had to be using the Microsoft clone.
''Apple can see that the legislative tide is turning in Europe,'' said Mark Mulligan, an analyst at Jupiter Research, in a posting on the company's Web site.
Government officials close to IBM Argentina said that the company's business had suffered greatly because of the scandal.
The appeals court had found that the Netscape browser and Java were only potential threats to the operating system, Mr. Lacovara argued, and since it was impossible to measure how much damage Microsoft had done to competition, there was no rationale for a broad remedy.
MICROSOFT SANCTIONS: NEWS ANALYSIS
Nike executives are adamant that the company will not back away from that strategy, as Reebok has recently.
Wall Street closed out a dismal third quarter with a mixed performance yesterday after Merck said it would be forced to remove Vioxx, its best-selling arthritis drug, from the market.
But privately, French officials said they were not impressed with attempts by Coca-Cola to explain what might have gone wrong.
Ever greater weight loss -- rather than a chance to battle bigger monsters -- is one goal for players of Yourself!Fitness, a video game under development for Microsoft's Xbox.
In September 1994, he was elected president of the Chevron Products Company, where he also led marketing operations and improved the group's profit.
Merck's new drugs have yet to become fast sellers, and several of its mainstays were hurt by stiff competition.
AT&T executives tried to put the best face on the situation.
New York State Court of Appeals rules that Nassau County must refund $100 million or more to utilities it overcharged on property tax; Verizon, Long Island Water Corp and New York Water Service Corp challenged property assessments from 1998 to 2000, charging that county illegally placed them in special tax districts (S)
3Com Corp will acquire US Robotics Corp in $6.6 billion stock swap that would create second-largest computer networking company; acquisition would strengthen 3Com's hand against competitors, particularly Cisco Systems Inc, leader in computer networking, by broadening its product line (L)
The value of his Goldman Sachs stake reached a high of $52 million and is now $26 million, which makes for a paper profit of $4.7 million.
Still, Mr. Goldman said, ''I think the market is being too optimistic, because this is a cloud that will hang over Microsoft for many months.''
William H Webster, who became head of Public Company Accounting Oversight Board last week, has impeccable resume as public servant, but outside Washington, Webster's record is less than perfect; Webster has repeatedly taken positions that critics say have been at odds with his reputation since he retired from CIA 11 year sgo to build lucrative second career as corporate lawyer; lawyer who sued General Motors for making unsafe pickup trucks says that after GM hired Webster, he permitted GM to shelve his report into whether company had improperly destroyed documents relating to case; some labor leaders say Webster has not devoted enough time to his $100,000-a-year position on government-created board that monitors Teamsters union; former chief economist with Federal Communications Commission says Webster's involvement in NextWave, which defaulted on billions of dollars of payments to FCC, should disqualify him from being accounting board's next chairman; photo (M)
Microsoft Yields In Brussels Case
In a letter addressed to Craig Barrett, Intel's president and chief executive, Richard Parker, director of the F.T.C.
But now, a company spokeswoman says, Microsoft wants its stock price to be closer to the quotes for other Nasdaq stocks.
IMS Health says prescriptions for Pfizer Inc's Viagra, drug to correct male impotence, totaled 2.9 million between April and June, enough for estimated sales of record $259.5 million; predicts United States sales will reach $1 billion in full year (S)
But while he was visiting the New York Stock Exchange on Thursday afternoon, word of the United Technologies deal leaked out, and a reporter asked him what he thought of it.
A week ago, Microsoft first called attention to the vulnerability in a part of the operating system that controls plug-and-play functions and put out a security patch.
Microsoft, a company that once disdained Washington lobbying, now embraces it with the fervor of a convert.
By working together, Sotheby's and Amazon are trying to strengthen their positions in the fast-growing and highly competitive field of on-line auctions.
I.B.M.
Other media outlets making their own contributions include the ABC unit of Disney; the CBS and Viacom Outdoor divisions of Viacom; the Fox Broadcasting Company division of the News Corporation; the NBC unit of General Electric; and Newsweek magazine, owned by the Washington Post Company.
Were America Online to restrict itself only to Time Warner's 13-million-subscriber cable systems, it would be missing the opportunity to serve the tens of millions of other people already on the Internet who might be willing to sign up for a new, high-speed AOL.
Because Molson's voting shares are effectively controlled by Eric H. Molson, the company's chairman, approval from that class of equity holder is not a concern for the company.
And even as chances of a strike mounted before the deadline of 12:01 a.m. last Sunday set by the union,  Verizon chose to proceed with its advertising plans.
Before the announcement of the results, shares of Oracle fell 16 cents, to $12.25.
Icon MediaLab International in Stockholm, an Internet consulting company that has the Interpublic Group of Companies as a substantial minority shareholder, said yesterday that it would sell its BrandLab brand consulting unit, with offices in Berlin, London and Stockholm, to FutureBrand, a division of Interpublic.
Equity Office Properties is object of fierce bidding war between Vornado Realty Trust and Blackstone Group; Blackstone's $36 billion bid, or $48.50 a share, was accepted by Equity Office in November, only to be topped by Vornado's offering of $52 a share; photos (M)
Citigroup is latest giant company to fall from grace among investors, as Congress examines its deals with Enron Corp and market participants grow concerned that its many businesses pose many risks; stock falls 16 percent, shaving $26 billion off Citigroup's market value and leaving it down 47 percent for year; stock closes at $27, down $5.04; shares of J P Morgan Chase, also in spotlight at Senate hearing, falls $4.44, or 18 percent, to $20.08 per share; Morgan has been plagued by questions about its ties to Enron since Ernon filed for bankruptcy in December; Citigroup is only now being forced to defend activities of its investment bank Salomon Smith Barney; analysts say Citigroup should have financial resources to deal with any legal or regulatory liability, but no one can estimate what potential liability might be (Market Place column) (M)
General Motors, a company once known as the model of corporate accounting, warned investors on Thursday that its performance was threatened by ''ineffective'' controls over financial reporting, including inadequately trained personnel and failure to obtain management's approval for some transactions.
compete against Intel, its much larger rival.
Cisco does not break out its business with the federal government, state and local governments, or the governments of other countries.
Analysts said last night that it would be difficult to assess the full effect of yesterday's report until Motorola's conference call, scheduled for this morning.
In Canada, General Motors' sales rose 13.4 percent in August, far ahead of Ford's 2.9 percent and DaimlerChrysler's 2.3 percent.
But six months later, Mr. Schulman left to join Priceline.com, and AT&T named H. Eugene Lockhart president for the consumer operation.
''Staples' management is pitching a near perfect game, and it will be difficult for opponents to score hits against them,'' said Kimberly K. Bernard, associate director of Babson Capital Management, which owns Staples shares.
Microsoft has already paid the fine into an escrow account, pending the outcome of its appeal.
Microsoft made the disclosure before it was presented in the trial of the antitrust case brought by the Justice Department to contest the Oracle Corporation's hostile $7.7 billion bid for PeopleSoft.
About 18 months ago, their patience ran out; last month, AT&T agreed to sell its cable business to Comcast.
But that assumes Boeing will resolve its woes.
In late 1986, four executives of the Monsanto Company, the leader in agricultural biotechnology, paid a visit to Vice President George Bush at the White House to make an unusual pitch.
That business was deemed less essential to Citigroup despite a return on invested capital in 2004 of 21 percent, a figure that outpaced the asset management unit's return of 13 percent in the first quarter of 2005.
He added that Taesa could capitalize on a boom in travel that could come from the North American Free Trade Agreement between the United States, Mexico and Canada.
Moody's Investors Service raises credit ratings of Japan's Canon Inc and Ricoh Co (S)
Google, Yahoo, Microsoft and Cisco Systems came under fire at a House human rights hearing on Wednesday for what a subcommittee chairman called a ''sickening collaboration'' with the Chinese government that was ''decapitating the voice of the dissidents'' there.
But there was something that Selectica did not disclose in its press release announcing the software sales to Cisco.
ImClone Systems' board meets to consider demand from Bristol-Myers Squibb that it drastically alter terms of their $2 billion partnership to develop and market cancer drug Erbitux; photo of ImClone co-founder Samuel D Waksal (M)
For grant recipients at Verizon, it is a techno-reality.
For example, the new software is expected to give hundreds of AT&T customers the ability to create their own Web pages.
He also noted that Wal-Mart worked assiduously to develop a uniform culture in its organization and citied statistical evidence of ''class-wide gender disparities'' when it comes to pay and promotions.
''Of course it concerns us,'' Mark Miller, director of the Microsoft Security Response Center, said of the online bazaar in software flaws, which it has declined to enter.
He also noted that he was not certain whether the company's surprising strength during the quarter had come from the general financial environment or from Cisco's ability to take market share away from its competitors.
The long and winding road has come to an end for the Beatles, at least as far as the dispute over their Apple logo is concerned.
That Ameritrade investors would be strong buyers on a day when Intel fell 10 percent is also an indication of the following that Intel has built up during the last decade.
Medtronic, the nation's largest medical device company, spent yesterday telling analysts why it expects to keep delivering the 15 percent annual growth that has made it popular on Wall Street.
A Verizon spokesman said about one million telephone lines in Pennsylvania -- roughly 14 percent -- were served by competitors.
Microsoft plans new category of products called 'smart personal object,' including travel alarm clocks and wristwatches, that receive text messages of weather reports, traffic information, sports scores and family messages; National Semiconductor is producing computer chip sets for such devices, and Microsoft is beginning to work with consumer electronics companies, appliance makers and others as partners to produce technology-enhanced devices; Bill Gates, Microsoft chairman, will make announcement in his annual speech opening Comdex trade show in Las Vegas (M)
Details of the deal remain sketchy, but whatever Microsoft's immediate goals, the move would give it a crucial foothold in controlling and distributing television programming.
Ms. Whitman said the increase in the listing fees for store inventory items, to 5 cents or 10 cents depending on the asking price, was intended to lure sellers back to eBay's core business of auctions.
Mr. Albaugh said in May that Boeing might have to take another write-down because of continuing cost overruns and technical breakdowns.
''We intend to fully integrate PwC Consulting under the I.B.M.
The 14 networks affiliated with Maestro include 120 million of the 191 million plastic bank cards outstanding, but they do not have the field to themselves.
Once again, Microsoft's financial performance eclipsed worries about the effects of the Justice Department's antitrust suit.
General Motors sets up $21 million auto research laboratory in Bangalore, India; laboratory employs 17 scientists and number will increase to 100 soon (S)1
By withholding crucial information about Windows code, the commission said Microsoft had prevented rival makers of low-end server software from being able to interoperate with Windows.
In the end, market competition should determine whether Microsoft or Linux gains the upper hand.
Yahoo officials also said that the number of advertisers declined to 3,450 from 3,675 in the second quarter.
The urgent question facing Wal-Mart executives is whether fuel costs will continue to nibble at its profits.
Mr. Dowley's departure, which had been expected, comes after trade publications reported that as part of Interpublic's efforts to cut costs, Interpublic was considering dissolving the group and having its units, including the Octagon motor-sports division, report to other Interpublic agencies.
The Illinois attorney general's office said yesterday that public documents from Altria showed that it could handle a bigger bond than it has acknowledged and that it was using bankruptcy as a threat.
Profile of J C Penney Co's new excutive vice president and chief operating officer Vanessa Castagna; says Castagna, fresh off triumph of revamping Wal-Mart's once-dowdy apparel section into one of its most successful departments, is viewed as kind of results-oriented executive who can finally shake Penney out of its longstanding slump; chart; graph; photo (M)
Alan P. Larson, a former under secretary of state in the Bush administration who is a senior adviser to Covington & Burling, a Washington-based law firm whose clients include Microsoft, said he was concerned by what he regarded as an increasing tendency by European regulators to try ''to shape and manage outcomes in the economy.''
He said that because the older agents were already eligible for pensions and other retirement benefits, Allstate assumed they would not work for less pay.
A result, Kodak said, is that its second-quarter earnings from continuing operations will be 25 to 35 cents a share -- less than half the 60 to 80 cents the company forecast in April and a far cry from the 68 cents that analysts were predicting.
Google has long been rumored to be developing a classified advertising service, one that would compete with eBay and with the popular free site Craigslist.
On Dec. 11, Judge Jackson ordered Microsoft to stop forcing computer makers to install Microsoft's Internet Explorer along with its Windows 95 software.
The ad, from Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, which makes Keri products, consists of a half-dozen placards that take up one side of about 570 trains throughout the city.
Intel has appealed but is complying with the injunction.
For his part, Mr. Nielsen of Microsoft said, ''We feel pretty confident about our ability to write software.''
The prices for Verizon's service are similar to those of AT&T, Vonage and other providers.
But the president of Verizon's largest union said it was well-nigh impossible to take talk of a partnership seriously when management was battling unionization efforts at Verizon's wireless operations.
The law also protected the public interest, said Gordon Spivack, a partner at the law firm of Coudert Brothers in New York who argued on behalf of Coca-Cola before the Federal Trade Commission and on Capitol Hill.
About 240,000 of the advanced set-top boxes, known as the DCT-5000, have been stored for a year and a half waiting for Microsoft to complete the software, which is intended to blend television and many of the things PC users now do with the Internet.
By sticking with Sony, Mr. O'Rourke said, ''their catalog of games will not be rendered irrelevant, which they would be if they bought a Nintendo or a Microsoft box.''
Those exclusive arrangements will still end, but under yesterday's deal AT&T agreed to maintain the Excite portal's prominence through 2008 and Cox and Comcast made a similar pledge, to extend through 2006.
So it was not surprising that several telephone calls to executives at Western and Interpublic in Los Angeles and New York were not returned.
Mad Dogs and Englishmen ad agency is losing trade advertising duties for American account of The Economist magazine; account, with billings estimated at $1 million to $2 million, is being consolidated at Weiss Stagliano Partners; Mad Dog picks up ad duties for Time Warner Cable Group, Daily Deal, financial newspaper that American Lawyer Media Inc plans to start publishing in fall, and Vanishing Point, beauty services retailer; accounts are estimated at $6 million (Advertising column) (S)
Coca-Cola is expected to announce second-quarter volume estimates, an important earnings indicator, early next week.
Advertising column on Ford Motor Co's decision to jettison its tagline of last 17 years, 'Quality is job one' and introduce $40-million-a-year corporate advertising campaign with new theme: 'Better ideas.
Still, shares of Citigroup fell $1.03, or about 2 percent, to $49.92 yesterday.
Sailing slowly but smoothly through the stormy seas that have buffeted other technology companies recently, the International Business Machines Corporation said yesterday that its earnings increased more than 6 percent in the third quarter.
It is a market that both Verizon and Qwest are eager to expand in, and one they see as offsetting the erosion of their traditional landline businesses.
Bell Atlantic executives have been frustrated by what they called AT&T's sluggishness in teaming with other key contractors -- particularly the General Instrument Corporation, which will supply digital-compression technology and set-top controllers for TV sets.
Ms. Snapp said Microsoft was eager to find amicable resolutions to its pending legal issues.
After a complete face lift, some major surgery to fix structural flaws and some introspection about what it wants to be when it grows up, the Microsoft Network is expected to re-emerge today as an aggressive contender for the No.
''For the next few years, what you see on our screen will be our partners,'' said Kevin Leddy, Time Warner Cable's senior vice president for new products.
A Pfizer spokesman, Daniel J. Watts, said the company was in discussions with regulators in the United States and Europe about whether the drug could be approved for the new use.
Both Yahoo officials and outsiders have said recently that the technology, referred to internally as Project Panama, has improved Yahoo's ability to place relevant ads in front of users, and therefore generate more revenue from search advertising.
Intuit Inc says it will sell its electronic bill-payment processing business to its main competitor in that field, Checkfree Corp, for $227.6 million in stock; says it intends to focus on its core software businesses, while expanding its services over Internet; Intuit also announces widening losses for its fiscal fourth quarter ended July 31; including charges, net loss in quarter grew to $22 million, from $1.4 million in year earlier; graph (M)
Mr. Berry made sure to leave EMI, home of the Spice Girls and the Beatles, with an alternative of growing independently should discussions with Bertelsmann and Time Warner come to nothing.
The talks are further evidence that the conduct of the board, which has been assailed for supporting Mr. Purcell too strongly, is likely to be the focus of outside scrutiny in coming months as Mr. Purcell continues to make the case that he can govern Morgan Stanley.
FedEx has a worldwide fleet of 629 aircraft and delivers more than three million packages daily.
It was Union Pacific's biggest step yet to improve a railroad network that was so slow and snarled two years ago that some customers rebelled and began sending freight by truck.
''A lot of accounting changes made it tough to see things clearly, but at the end of the day, they are out-executing Wal-Mart,'' Ms. Kozloff said.
Mach, a refinement of the Unix operating system, also forms the basis of the Nextstep operating system developed by Next Software Inc., which Apple is acquiring.
The wave of giant bank mergers, which continued this week with the Norwest Corporation's planned $34 billion takeover of Wells Fargo, has mixed implications for the nation's financial system and the civic well-being of many communities.
But Mr. Sullivan said that so far Microsoft's results did not have the quality of Google and Yahoo and were more open to manipulation by site owners.
In size, Honeywell, with 1998 revenue of $8.4 billion, is dwarfed by Allied, which had revenue of $15.1 billion last year.
Yahoo's Quarterly Earnings Double but Disappoint Investors
The withdrawal is another sign that Wal-Mart's power in brick-and-mortar retailing does not extend easily into the online world.
Europe Considers New Charges Against Microsoft
Frank Blake, a Home Depot senior executive who was named Mr. Nardelli's successor, is not expected to have an employment contract, according to a person close to the board's discussions.
It represents a significant escalation of the dispute, which has already caused considerable embarrassment to General Mills, the giant foods marketer based in Minneapolis.
Boston Properties and a partner are expected to close a $725 million deal today to buy Citigroup Center, the silvery, 59-story office tower on Lexington Avenue whose sharply slanted roof forms a striking silhouette in a forest of Midtown skyscrapers.
Over several months of regular meetings with executives from Yahoo, AOL, MSN and others, the committee arrived at the new standards.
Despite being the nation's largest biotechnology company, Amgen until recently had only two big products -- Epogen, which is used to treat anemia, and Neupogen, which prevents infections in cancer patients receiving chemotherapy.
The I.B.M.
One trend that analysts are reporting is sellers leaving eBay and setting up their own Web-based stores, using keywords they buy from Google to drive traffic to their sites.
Within hours of the Supreme Court's announcement, the court of appeals ordered the government and Microsoft to submit scheduling proposals for its proceeding by Monday.
The average Wal-Mart supercenter rings up about $55 million to $65 million in annual sales -- almost double the volume of a regular Wal-Mart and seven times that of a rival discounter like Ames Department Stores.
Egg is a pure online bank that could operate side-by-side with a branch network like CitiDirect, Citigroup's high-yield savings and loan Internet offering that it introduced last spring in the United States.
In July, eBay said it would address this problem, in part by raising listing fees for storefronts, lowering some listing fees on the auction site and introducing online and offline promotions.
''Microsoft is about as big a thing as you can bite off.''
Until then, AT&T owned 60 percent of Cingular, and BellSouth owned 40 percent.
A.T.& T. employs 309,000 people, of which 96,500 work in the long-distance business.
What impact would an antitrust action have on Intel's business?
The Fed, which regulates banks, suggested in March that Citigroup should put off making any ''significant'' acquisitions for the near term, while the bank's management is preoccupied with tightening controls after a series of compliance problems at several of its businesses.
Texaco Rejects Chevron's Merger Proposal
Marriott International operates and franchises hotels.
Michael E Kassan, president for North American operations at Western Initiative Media Worldwide, sues company and parent Interpublic Group of Cos for breach of contract and defamation of character; holds Interpublic orchestrates scheme to oust and discredit him; seeks $50 million in damages through arbitration and $13.5 million in suit (M)
inquiry, Aon could be required to reduce its reported earnings by $27 million for 1999, $24 million for 2000 and $5 million in the first quarter of 2002.
Wieden & Kennedy, which joined the Microsoft agency roster in 1994, retains the large assignment of creating corporate campaigns to promote the Microsoft brand.
If Microsoft and the Justice Department settle the antitrust charges with measures the European authorities consider too mild, the competitiveness agency could initiate its own proceedings based on evidence that has come up in American court proceedings.
InStat/MDR survey of information technology professionals finds Cisco Systems seems to benefit from enormous brand recognition in network equipment market; 65.5 percent of respondents name Cisco as most recognizable brand; graphs (S)
FOR marketers who want to transform cellphones into personalized multimedia advertising machines, there is some recommended viewing at the International Documentary Film Festival in Amsterdam this year: an entry called ''Cell Stories,'' sponsored by Motorola, that was shot entirely with the video camera in a new Motorola cellphone.
And both I.B.M.
Kodak should be talking up the economics of self-service photo kiosks to every mass retailer in sight.
"A.T.& T. still largely has a lock on it, and that's going to change."
Much of the drop came March 12 after Oracle reported third-quarter earnings that essentially matched analysts' expectations, but data-base and application revenue fell short.
Apple Computer seems to have the future of online music in its hands for the moment.
When Dan Fairbanks received word from General Motors early Monday morning that his plant had been tagged for closing next year, there were few people in the factory to tell.
Shares in Oracle rose 23 cents to close at $13.52, then declined about 4 percent in after-hours trading as investors appeared to show their disappointment in the company's meager growth in databases.
Defying the recent trend among companies to count stock option costs as a regular expense, the Intel Corporation said yesterday that it planned to continue accounting for employees' stock options the way it had been, which adds no cost to the company's bottom line.
Wal-Mart Stores arrived here Monday with a reassuring message for banking regulators: it promises that it will never, ever open bank branches.
Economic Scene column on jury verdict that ordered General Motors Corp to pay $4.9 billion to six people severely burned when fuel tank of their 1979 Chevrolet Malibu exploded after drunken driver ran into them; says verdict leaves unanswered what exactly General Motors did that was reprehensible; holds jury may have choked on notion that car manufacturers trade off benefits and costs when designing safety features, but so do Government regulators operating on behalf of consumers (M)
The communications workers' union and the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, which represent Verizon employees in 12 Eastern states and Washington, D.C., are still at odds with the company on issues like mandatory overtime, stress levels and the movement of work resulting from Bell Atlantic's $72 billion acquisition of GTE, which formed Verizon.
While shareholders typically cheer news that a company is broadening its product line and thinking ahead, yesterday's news of the bleak financial outlook ''is so disappointing that it is really hard to say what it means for the deal,'' said Martin Romm, who follows Mattel for Credit Suisse First Boston.
Wal-Mart says it has increased wages, to an average of $10.51 an hour for full-time workers, and has improved its health insurance, creating a plan with premiums of $23 a month anywhere in the country.
Some shop at Western Beef for nothing more than diet cola and frozen bagels; some at Whole Foods for premade sushi and overdesigned bottles of green tea.
And I.B.M.
The BellSouth-Yahoo site will begin operation next fall.
Mr. Jones said it would have cost ''hundreds of millions of dollars'' for Humana to duplicate the computerized information systems that United has developed, which make it possible to allow more flexible choices of doctors for consumers while keeping track of physicians' activity, an important cost-control device for managed-care plans.
The Canadian brewing company Molson said late yesterday that it was reviewing its plan to allow its executives, directors and employees to use their options to vote on its proposed merger with the Adolph Coors Company.
A federal judge issued a preliminary injunction yesterday against Adobe Systems Inc., ruling the company must stop distribution of some versions of its InDesign software, a program used for layout and design.
The News Corporation owns 33 stations and Viacom owns 34 while Disney owns 10.
Moody's and S.& P. declined to comment.
P & O Princess Cruises rejected a sweetened bid today from the Carnival Corporation, the world's biggest cruise company, and said it would press ahead with an agreement to merge with Royal Caribbean, the second-largest cruise line.
Microsoft hopes to win a bigger share of the market from the PlayStation 2, the top-selling console made by Sony, by promoting a more family-friendly image for the new Xbox, which will be in stores starting Nov. 22.
Raymond V. Gilmartin, Merck's chairman and chief executive, said that the company would spin off part of Merck-Medco, the unit that manages drug plans for employers, in an initial public offering as early as this summer, and sell the remainder of business over the following 12 months.
IT was just past noon on a recent weekday at the Apple Store here, and the Genius Bar was buzzing.
The Ford Motor Company is the latest Detroit auto giant to stall.
Staples Plans to Replace Martin/Williams
Worm Hits Microsoft, Which Ignored Own Advice
Toshiba and NEC will jointly develop new generation of memory chips; focus on magnetic random access memory chips, which are expected to be much faster and more efficient than current types; chips use magnetic rather than electric elements to store data; IBM and Infineon Technologies have been working on such chips for almost two years (M)
''Comcast's bid is the opening salvo to moving the discussion into the public forum,'' said Kevin Calabrese, a telecommunications analyst at Argus Research.
In interviews with Good Jobs, local officials provided data indicating that 84 of Wal-Mart's distribution centers received subsidies averaging $7.4 million, for a total of $624 million.
It does not mean Amazon will have net income.
's first investigation of Intel was dropped, Intel said it had put its employees through extensive antitrust training.
The iMac has been a big contributor to Apple's recovery.
But Mr. Sebastian said that he saw challenges ahead for Sony and Microsoft, which sells the high-end configuration of the Xbox 360 for $499.
With them will come millions of Mexicans whose first interaction with a computer may now be one set up for them by Microsoft.
Mr. Patel said he expected that use of Yahoo 360 would increase because it was now woven more closely into the new version of the company's instant messaging program.
''Europe's decision on Monday represents definite progress,'' said Lee Quarles, public affairs manager at Monsanto's headquarters in St. Louis.
''Three years ago, we didn't do a good job,'' Mr. Wren said, referring to the review that Omnicom lost to Interpublic, ''and we learned from that experience.''
FBI, Securities and Exchange Commission and University of Michigan are looking into what they suspect is early leak of data from university's influential consumer sentiment survey, which has potential to move stock and bond markets; inquiry comes just months after former economist at Goldman Sachs pleaded guilty to insider trading based on illegal access to information about Treasury Department's bond sales; probe in Michigan centers on preliminary estimate of university's monthly Surveys of Consumers, which was released on Feb 13 (M)
After opening an office in New York, Wal-Mart even struck a deal with a high-end designer of its own: Mark Eisen, whose clothing is sold at Neiman Marcus and Bergdorf Goodman under the Karoo Mark Eisen label.
Laura Asman, a spokeswoman for Coca-Cola Enterprises, the Coca-Cola Company's largest bottler, said the settlement terms, completed Friday, were ''strictly confidential.''
For their part, SBC and Verizon assert the competitive environment is about to get worse, not better.
In trading today, Intel rose 7 cents, to $29.15.
''What makes Motorola unique is it's jointly branded, and we're working closely together,'' said Alan Kessler, Palm's chief operating officer for products and platforms.
Offices of McCann-Erickson Worldwide Advertising have lost two assignments to create campaigns for the flagship soft drink brand of the Coca-Cola Company.
''You have to view any individual transaction in the totality of all their transactions,'' said Lawrence Small, secretary of the Smithsonian Institution and a Marriott board member.
The Symantec Corporation, a leader in security software and one of Silicon Valley's oldest companies, announced early Thursday that it would acquire Veritas Software, a maker of data storage programs, to create the world's fourth-largest software company.
''There is so much tit-for-tat between Yahoo and Google when they match each other's futures, that they are leaving an opening for things they are not watching,'' said Seth Goldstein, the chairman of Majestic Research, a firm that studies online consumer behavior for investors.
Sales of personal computer remain spotty worldwide, with strength in some regions and weakness in others, said Paul Otellini of the Intel Architecture Group.
Aetna also wants to increase its share of medium-size customers and to sharply reduce Aetna-insured H.M.O.
Timex, in concert with Motorola and Skytel, plans to market Internet Messenger watches, which will offer the usual menu of wireless Web options, like news and stock quotations, as well as e-mail messages.
EBay forecast third-quarter sales of $1.36 billion to $1.43 billion, just short of the average analysts' estimate of $1.44 billion.
's public shareholders add at least modestly to their wealth before I.B.M.
AT&T, At Home Corp's controlling shareholder, agrees to pay $3.43 billion in its stock to Cox Communications and Comcast to release it from requirement that it buy 60.4 million more At Home shares, now worth $238 million, for $2.96 billion in stock; will reap $1.2 billion in tax savings from move, while Cox and Comcast will have added taxable income (M)
Mr. Layman, at Microsoft, said that he understood Mr. Winer's fears, because this is a crucial time for SOAP.
Microsoft Settles an Antitrust Complaint Filed by Taiwan
Stephen Friedman, named to serve as White House's chief economic adviser, is only latest in long line of well-known alumni of Goldman Sachs who have found life after Wall Street in powerful Washington positions; Friedman is following same path taken by another Goldman Sachs co-chairman Robert E Rubin, who left Goldman in 1992 to join Clinton administration; after taking same White House position Friedman is about to assume, Rubin went on to become Treasury secretary two years later; Jon Corzine, who succeeded Rubin and Friedman, is Democratic Senator representing New Jersey; Corzine's co-head at Goldman, Henry M Paulson Jr, served in Nixon White House; John C Whitehead left top position at Godman in 1985 to become deputy secretary of state in Reagan administration before returning to New York, where he is chairman of Lower Manhattan Development Corp; many insiders attribute Goldman Sachs' stature in Washingtgon largely to Goldman culture that values teamwork over individual self-gratification; photo (M)
Earlier this year, for example, it began broadcasting a spot that showed employees and ended with the words, ''The Home Depot.
Moody's plans to put out a news release today describing changes the agency is considering that will ''make ratings more timely and more volatile,'' said Chris Mahoney, senior managing director and chairman of the credit policy committee at Moody's.
Intel said it expected to complete the acquisition in the second quarter and ship its first VxTel products in the second half of the year.
Now, 20 percent of all of the transactions on the site are on behalf of other merchants, like Target and Toys ''R'' Us, rather than for goods that Amazon itself sells.
While Verizon is expected to focus attention on corporate offerings, gaining full control of Verizon Wireless would do little to improve Verizon's offerings to residential customers.
Techtel found that Microsoft's ''net positive rating'' -- the percentage of those with a positive opinion of the company minus the percentage with a negative opinion of it -- peaked in the second quarter of 1997 at 60 percent and has since declined to 44 percent in the second quarter of this year.
Instead of hiding the Amazon checkout page when the boss approaches, more shoppers are logging on after work and sparing their nerves.
Ike Nassi, senior vice president for Apple's Applesoft division, said the announcement today merely made formal a process that the company had begun last year.
Time Warner will get about three million new cable subscribers, and the purchase will let it spin off its cable unit into a publicly traded company with stock that could be used to make additional acquisitions.
Cisco had asked Hill, Holliday to take part in the review, Ms. King said, adding that about 10 other agencies were also asked to participate; she declined to identify them.
Because Ms. Hansen is an insider, ''it will be easier for her to fix'' Gap, Ms. Kivitz said.
Coming Soon to Wal-Mart: 2 Low-End PCs From Dell
By raising its licensing fees on software used with the most powerful versions of the Power PC chips, Apple has been attempting to reserve to itself the most lucrative segment of the Macintosh market -- the fastest machines, which can sell for $6,000 or more.
After five years of high points and low, Microsoft drops Wieden & Kennedy for McCann-Erickson.
* Sean M. Neall was named client services director for the Ford Motor Co. European operations account at Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide, London, a unit of WPP Group.
After its loss last summer, in a state court in Angleton, Tex., Merck persuaded many analysts and investors, none of whom saw the trial in person, that the $253.5 million verdict came from a runaway jury in a plaintiff-friendly jurisdiction.
I.B.M.
Amazon hopes that investors will ignore the inconvenient expense numbers in the real income statement, which will be left out of the creative one the company emphasizes.
R. J. Jones, an analyst with Delafield Hambrecht, a brokerage house in Seattle, expects that Converse will allow Nike to sell athletic products at retailers like Wal-Mart and Target, without diluting Nike's elite image and higher prices.
Unlike the Friendsters of the world, which connect friends to friends and friends to friends of friends, Netflix's system stops at one degree of separation, ensuring members' privacy, she said.
Anderson, based in Knoxville, Tenn., hopes to distribute music downloads through the Web sites of retailers, including Wal-Mart, though no deal has been worked out yet, an Anderson executive said.
Last month, the United States prepared to file a complaint against Airbus over any financial assistance it might receive for the A350, which is intended to compete with Boeing's brisk-selling 787 Dreamliner but will not enter service until 2013, four years after the American plane.
The figures could be revised further once Verizon completes its own estimates in the coming months.
But given the sensitivity of the Microsoft case, Mr. Yardeni said that keeping to what he described as a ''limited mandate'' may have been appropriate.
Pepisco's plan to jointly promote its products with popular Internet site Yahoo is promising news for Web site operators struggling to lure consumer goods advertisers seeking to increase brand awareness; such advertisers have begun to experiment with Internet advertising; photo (M)
To run the game, Microsoft recommends a 166-megahertz chip, 32 megabytes of RAM, 100 free megabytes on the hard drive, a 6X CD-ROM and a super VGA graphics card.
The AT&T Corporation said yesterday that it was putting its Paradyne unit up  for sale.
accepts Pfizer's test results and certifies this drug only when it's taken in conjunction with Lipitor, then that would then become the government's restraint, not Pfizer's restraint.''
Consider, for a moment, the Verizon annual meeting that will be held on April 23.
The California Public Utilities Commission is expected to vote on whether to permit McCaw to shift its cellular franchises to A.T.& T. Although the commission has frequently taken a hard regulatory line toward telecommunications companies, it is expected to approve the transaction.
Judge Byron said that one option would be for Altria to ''guarantee'' the bond's value, according to Bloomberg.
Some analysts said they were disappointed in Pfizer's total prescription drug sales.
While Intel's market share may be nearly as dominant as that of Microsoft -- about 90 percent of all computers now sold -- its hold on the desktop is more tenuous.
Brands and products like Chuck E. Cheese's, Intel, McDonald's, Microsoft and Lipton Noodle Soup have taken advantage of the new guidelines to create livelier sponsorship segments with traditional trappings, including jingles and corporate slogans.
Corning, the world's biggest maker of fiber-optic cable, yesterday reduced its 2001 pro forma earnings estimates to $1.20 to $1.30 per share, down from $1.40 to $1.43 per share.
A similar option exists in the most recent version of Microsoft's widely used Outlook Express e-mail program, and the company says the next release of its other e-mail program, Outlook, will block the tracking mechanisms by default.
It has still not been determined what happened in an incident involving a Bank of America computer tape containing the files of more than a million customers that the bank recently said had disappeared.
General Motors executives say that much of Volkswagen's success has to do with its partner, Shanghai Automotive, which is now a G.M.
PeopleSoft has made much of comments made by Oracle's chief executive, Lawrence J. Ellison, who said he did not plan to continue developing new versions of PeopleSoft software.
Goldman Sachs Buys Zilkha, Expanding Interest in Wind Power
In Germany, where Coca-Cola operates 32 bottling plants, Government inspectors found no signs of contamination today and said drinks bottled in the country were still safe.
The I.B.M.
Microsoft also says that the Government's contention that in June 1995 the company tried to get Netscape to enter into an illegal agreement to divvy up the browser market is merely ''an effort to tar Microsoft based on an erroneous account of the facts.''
The laggards feared they would inevitably fall victim to the same forces that enabled Microsoft to reduce many PC hardware makers to mere purveyors of commodity goods.
The mighty Monsanto has merged with a pharmaceutical company.
The strong sales performance, which came after a spectacular stumble over Thanksgiving weekend in 2004, when Wal-Mart moved away from deep discounts, underscored how closely shoppers are tracking prices this holiday.
Industry experts who Mr. Waxman's office spoke to said it should cost no more than 25 cents a gallon for Halliburton to transport gasoline by tanker-trailers from neighboring countries to Baghdad.
Altria's support has created a split among American tobacco companies who once walked in lock step while disputing claims that cigarettes are addictive, opposing regulation and new taxes, and in fighting off lawsuits.
As of Friday's market close, Pfizer's offer was higher, valued at $86.875 a share for Warner stockholders, despite the stock tumbling 6.7 percent.
Microsoft described its move as pro-competitive since AOL's software includes a browser, a media player and it is an online service.
Motorola, which makes Apple's Power PC G3 chips, recently disclosed details of the successor G4 chip, which, like Intel's Pentium III, has a new set of instructions that are designed to accelerate the performance of multimedia applications like 3-D graphics, video and audio.
Not willing to take actions that would jeopardize their already slender profit margins, OEM's felt compelled by Microsoft's actions to reduce drastically their distribution and promotion of Navigator.
If the American case were to be decided in the same way as the British one, Pfizer could lose its patent protection for Lipitor in this country about a year sooner than currently expected.
Finally, after 10 years of work, researchers at I.B.M.
by such measures as quality and manufacturing efficiency, and pressures on the Big Three ''were largely inflicted on General Motors.''
And if the two partners do become estranged, it may be Intel that feels more pain.
Though Cisco's earnings report exceeded expectations and its stock rose 14 percent over the last two days, its chief executive said he remained concerned about business at the service providers in the telecommunications industry.
Ranked by billings, Interpublic remained first, at $47.2 billion, followed by Omnicom, at $45.6 billion, and WPP, at $37.1 billion.
The deal gives Citigroup no additional retail branches, no day-to-day management influence, and just one seat on Akbank's nine-member board.
The central bank stepped in to protect the ruble and the banking system, but Moody's Investors Service and Standard & Poor's downgraded Russia's foreign debt, which already had been ranked as ''junk.''
Xerox has been late to get products to that market and to establish solid relationships with Staples, Comp USA and the other retail outlets.
Sales of Campbell's trademark soups are lower than they were a decade ago, sending the company's revenue into a tailspin last year and forcing it repeatedly to warn investors to lower expectations.
pressure, Intel was facing much stronger headwinds than it had only two years ago.
Microsoft's move toward devices like the MSN Companion and other nonpersonal computers is a reversal.
In Sun's view, this Windows tailoring negates the cross-platform purpose of Java and violates the terms of Microsoft's license.
Time Warner Inc.'s president, Richard D. Parsons, said yesterday that he and the president and chief executive of U S West Media Group, Charles Lillis, had informal discussions about a settlement between the two companies over ownership of Time Warner Entertainment.
Yet Richard Greenfield, who follows Comcast and Disney for Fulcrum Global Partners, a research firm, was less certain that Comcast had the executive talent to fix Disney.
As before, Intel attributed the decline in its sales and earnings to weak demand from so-called original equipment manufacturers, the computer makers who buy Intel's microprocessors to install them in their machines.
Microsoft and I.B.M.
Intel, according to a person close to the case, was most concerned that any settlement with the Government not force it to disclose what it calls ''definition stage'' technology development -- products that might be two or three years from the market.
The linchpin of Microsoft's defense in its antitrust trial is that its Internet Explorer, or I.E., browser is a seamless feature of Windows -- not, as the Government contends, a separate product bundled with Windows in an effort to give it an unfair advantage against Netscape.
Morgan Stanley also said the judge's instructions to the jury were ''erroneous'' and that the case should have been tried in New York, where higher standards of diligence apply and where all the parties reside.
He does not own Cintas shares, and Barrington has not done investment banking business for Cintas.
He joined Boeing in 1997 after serving as chief executive of the McDonnell Douglas Corporation, which Boeing bought for $18 billion.
Movie industry executives may be forgiven for thinking that the Viacom chairman was mad to let Tom Cruise go after a 14-year relationship simply because Mr. Cruise seemed a little off balance.
In the latest work, the I.B.M.
Xerox's competitors have taken advantage of the chaos.
Judge in Microsoft antitrust case, Thomas Penfield Jackson, sets 'fast track' schedule intended to conclude proceedings and impose remedy by end of May; looming deadline apparently dissuades state attorneys general from asking judge to break up company; Judge Jackson might recommend that Microsoft's appeal be filed directly to Supreme Court once proceedings in his court are over; Microsoft would almost certainly oppose that because in previous rulings some judges on appeals court have agreed with some of Microsoft's positions (M)
Earlier this month, Wal-Mart was held in contempt of court and fined more than $750,000 for violating an agreement with the United States Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
Time Warner owns 75 percent of the entertainment unit.
's services division, which Wall Street monitors closely as a barometer of corporate demand and which typically accounts for about half of I.B.M.
''This is bad news on top of bad news for Priceline,'' Mike May, an analyst at Jupiter Media Metrix, said.
The company's confidence got a huge boost in April, when the Internet domain-name registration company Network Solutions announced it was replacing its aging Sun servers with I.B.M.
The Government investigation of the WebTV acquisition could be a problem for Microsoft if it drags on too long, preventing the deal from closing.
Apple has reason for concern.
The report reiterated a rating of Interpublic stock as neutral.
''I was never a customer of Wal-Mart,'' said Frank Ganci, 74, a retired independent contractor who lives in Ridgefield, N.J.
But Amgen will be allowed to sell NESP for all uses in both the United States and Europe.
That is why many of the questions posed to Mr. Gates in the Senate hearing focused on the details of Microsoft's contracts with PC makers, Internet access companies and Web site operators.
''A Long Way Gone'' by Ishmael Beah, a memoir of that first-time author's life as a child soldier in war-ravaged Sierra Leone, will be sold in about 6,000 Starbucks stores beginning on Feb. 15, the company plans to announce today.
Should Wal-Mart lose the case or agree to settle it, the cost could run into billions of dollars, based on the sheer size of the class, analysts say.
The American Express survey more pointedly asked 773 small-business owners and managers how they viewed the economy.
To avoid that, Verizon Information Services and Deutsch are seeking to imbed a simple, consistent message in the humor -- that SuperPages enables consumers to improve their lives by making more informed choices.
Neelie Kroes, Europe's competition commissioner, said the fine was justified because Microsoft had for two years failed to supply information in a way that would allow rival software makers to make their programs work smoothly with Windows.
As to whether America Online and Microsoft will end up competing or cooperating in the set-top box space, Mr. Schuler said he was ''anxiously awaiting'' word about whether Microsoft would be interested in providing AOL TV over WebTV or through the five million set-top boxes it will be producing for AT&T.
But in their discussions with the commission, Intel presented several more traditional legal arguments based on its interpretation of antitrust law.
Mr. Chenault also said American Express ''realized substantial benefit from cost control and risk management programs during the quarter.''
''Time Warner is already big in cable,'' said Richard Greenfield, a media analyst at Fulcrum Global Partners.
For Coca-Cola, doing so has meant going to battle with some of its own bottlers.
Yahoo and Reuters Want You to Work for Their News Service
Wireless and broadband revenues were two relatively bright spots for AT&T over the last three months.
To avoid violating securities regulations, Cisco said it made the leaked information public before the Nasdaq opened for trading today.
Last Thursday, as a Federal district judge was ruling that the Microsoft Corporation had violated a 1995 antitrust agreement with the Justice Department, attorneys general from some of the nation's most populous states were concluding a secret three-day meeting in Chicago to assess their own strategy for a possible antitrust action against Microsoft's marketing practices.
The Union Pacific merger left too few locomotives and overworked crews, supervisors often unprepared for their new duties and clashing computer systems that lost track of trains.
Prompted in part by employers who cite depression as a frequent cause of absenteeism and low productivity, the big insurer Aetna plans to announce today that it will begin paying for a depression management program in dozens of medical offices around the country.
Blockbuster is the value king, undercutting Netflix by $3 a month and offering in-store rentals; it's as though it is reimbursing you for tolerating its start-up glitches.
He remains a believer in the Wal-Mart Way.
Inside eBay, company officials said the performance fell short of analysts' expectations because of a sluggish start to the holiday season.
Health insurer Aetna plans to begin paying for depression management program in dozens of medical offices around country; will pay primary care doctors additional fees to screen patients for depression and to provide follow-up consultations for patients who are either put on antidepressants or, in more severe cases, referred to psychiatrists or psychologists; part of Aetna screening will involve written test that has already been in use elsewhere, Patient Health Questionnaire, or PHQ-9, which was developed at Columbia University and tested by researchers in MacArthur Foundation program at Dartmouth College and Duke University; Peter Amann, family practice doctor in Scarborough, Me, has been using questionnaire in program organized by MaineHealth, hospital group, with research grants from MacArthur and Robert Wood Johnson Foundations; photo (M)
CSX Plans Job Cuts, Big Charge
Just a few years ago, the tax-preparation giant H&R Block was making as much money from offering home loans to individuals with risky credit as it was preparing tax returns for millions of Americans.
But Mr. Wolf said he thought Apple's setback would prove temporary, noting that the company has 160,000 advance orders for the new iBook portable, which is not affected by the G4 issue, and is also expected to introduce a more powerful version of the popular iMac as early as next month.
Mr. Hill and his colleagues at Microsoft turned their attention to trying to exploit the untapped potential of the L.C.D.
AT&T cable subscribers would probably see a more efficient operation if Comcast acquires AT&T's cable operation, analysts said yesterday.
Risk and Insurance Management Society, trade group of commercial insurane buyers, calls for end to incentive payments to insurance brokers that investigators say constitute fundamental conflict of interest; society's president Ellen Vinck says brokers shoujld be paid by one source; Marsh & McLennan, Aon and Willis Group have paid more than $1 billion, combined, to settle investigations by New York State Atty Gen Eliot Spitzer and others into accusations that they steered customers to insurance companies paying highest incentives (S)
''Our relationship with Microsoft is really pretty good,'' Mr. Jobs said.
And it was before Time's Web site posted a hyperlink reading ''Buy an iMac,'' which led to Apple's online store.
New breed of multimedia systems is entering market; not only can they record, store and manage music, movies and television shows, but they can also showcase them on high-definition screens and in surround-sound audio, all with click of remote; most multimedia machines come with powerful Pentium or Athlon processors, latest graphics cards, FM radio and television tuners, DVD recorders and enough memory and hard-drive space to store and play back hours of high-quality programming; many also incorporate Microsoft Windows XP Media Center Edition operating system, which adds specialized multimedia features to Windows XP; some models detailed; photos (M)
''We're going after their business, absolutely,'' said Don Thompson, president of McDonald's USA.
Most of its 210 dealers now have a new system, using mostly I.B.M.
Marsh & McLennan Companies, the largest insurance broker in the world, agreed yesterday to pay $850 million to settle a lawsuit accusing it of cheating customers by rigging prices and steering business to insurers in exchange for incentive payments.
For comparison's sake, I visited about 10 other stores (ranging from large retailers like Circuit City and Staples to small stores that serve as authorized dealers for multiple carriers) and asked about prices for the Nokia 6360 and Motorola's V60; the quotes varied by several hundred dollars.
And I.B.M.
THE MARKETS: Market Place; Help wanted: Electronic Data Systems and Nike have been seeking finance chiefs for months.
Pioneer asked ChannelAdvisor, the intermediary that operates the Pioneer store on eBay, to repeat the experiment.
With respect to the ISV agreements, Microsoft has put forward no procompetitive business ends whatsoever to justify their exclusionary terms.
The center spearheaded a coalition of groups that filed a complaint in July 2001 contending that Microsoft's privacy practices, and especially the new Windows XP operating system and services like Passport, ''are designed to obtain personal information from consumers in the United States unfairly and deceptively.''
An Opportunity for A.T.& T.
During his career at Texas Instruments he claimed more than 60 patents and was also one of the inventors of the hand-held calculator and the thermal printer.
The sour results are the most recent in a spate of problems at Interpublic, which works for marketers like Coca-Cola, General Motors, Samsung and Unilever.
''I doubt Mr. Ballmer will make the same mistake,'' said a person close to Microsoft.
A Microsoft spokesman, Greg Shaw, said tonight: ''Microsoft's partnership with Digital involving NT integration and support has been unwavering.
The settlement talks have been held in the New York offices of Davis Polk & Wardwell, one of the law firms representing Aetna.
''With this contract, the company and the union must move forward together to capture productivity gains and significantly improve the company's financial performance and growth,'' said Peter Conte, a Boeing spokesman.
''I want to re-create an Apple that can once again turn this industry on its head,'' he said.
and Sun are hoping to undermine that link by persuading developers to write their programs to Internet standards that would operate independently of the desktop programs that Microsoft still dominates.
Mr. Reamer said that Yahoo had been seen as a bellwether and that if it had stumbled today, many smaller Internet companies might have toppled in its wake.
A article in Business Day yesterday about plans by I.B.M.
Mr. Manson, identifying himself as a ''blogger myself'' who does ''online public affairs for Wal-Mart,'' began with a bit of flattery: ''Just wanted you to know that your post criticizing Maryland's Wal-Mart health care bill was noticed here and at the corporate headquarters in Bentonville,'' he wrote, referring to the city in Arkansas.
Before it can win with its new technology, Texas Instruments will have to get the price down, analysts agree.
Juniper Networks has individual routers that are at least as fast, but the company cannot combine as many routers to ultimately produce the same speeds, according to Chris Nicoll, a telecommunications industry analyst with Current Analysis, a research firm.
But as Sears Holdings and Ford Motor are finding, attempts to streamline increasingly global operations by taking Canadian subsidiaries private can prompt protracted legal and financial battles.
''This is a challenged story for the next six months,'' Mr. Squali said, ''but we think that Yahoo is a 2007 stock.''
You can't stand in a public place without seeing a pair of those telltale white earbud cords pass by; for once in its life, Apple gets to find out what it's like to be Microsoft.
The Nissan Motor Corporation, Japan's third-largest car manufacturer, handed over responsibility for the maintenance, operations and future development of its information systems to IBM Japan, a subsidiary of the International Business Machines Corporation.
Indeed, despite the seeming pall on the office equipment industry, Canon, which is Xerox's main competitor in copiers, --and Hewlett-Packard, which is the main rival in printers, seem to be relatively unscathed.
Indeed, since Wal-Mart acquired Asda for $:6.7 billion (about $10.5 billion) in June, an all-out pricing war has ensued among supermarkets in Britain.
In perhaps the most significant endorsement yet of the little operating system that could, the International Business Machines Corporation will announce today that beginning next month it will ship its Netfinity line of network server computers with the free operating system Linux pre-installed alongside Microsoft's Windows NT.
General Electric Co, in bid to secure European regulatory approval of its $2.3 billion acquisition of Finnish medical devices maker Instrumentarium, offers to sell Spacelabs, recently acquired unit of Finnish company; Spacelabs, unit that makes machines used for emergency care and anesthesia, was bought by Instrumentarium year ago (M)
Kinko's, Xerox's largest private-sector customer, spends more than $20 million a month on service and leasing fees for Xerox products, and just signed another two-year $290 million contract with Xerox for printers and services.
Sizable reductions in net worth could jeopardize Xerox's efforts to roll over a $7 billion line of credit that expires next year.
In the six-week trial this summer, Oracle insisted that buying PeopleSoft was essential to its strategy of expanding its reach to cope with increasing competition from Microsoft.
You can still compete, but if Microsoft bundles it in Windows it makes it much more difficult for any kind of innovation that is in Microsoft's path.''
Citigroup executives seem to have reached a similar conclusion.
She contended that the firing was a retaliatory act, but Morgan Stanley officials countered that Ms. Schieffelin was fired for insubordination after turning hostile and disrespectful toward her supervisor, a woman who had recently received the promotion Ms. Schieffelin sought.
Coca-Cola Enterprises mainly handles production and distribution: mixing the syrup with fizzy water, putting it into bottles and trucking it to retailers.
Revenue rose 24 percent, to $12.9 billion, from $10.4 billion in 1997's first quarter, primarily because Boeing delivered 108 passenger jets compared with 77 during the corresponding period last year.
Sen Ron Wyden will introduce legislation that would prohibit Internet network operators from charging companies for faster delivery of their content to consumers or favoring some content providers over others; bill is meant to ease growing fears that open Internet access may be blocked or compromised by Bell phone carriers and cable operators, which may create tiers of service for delivering content to consumers; consumer groups and Internet companies like Google and Amazon contend that any move by network operators to levy fees for premium delivery service would harm Web sites that are unwilling to pay for faster delivery; Federal Communications Commission has remained neutral on issue (M)
They seek to prevent the extension of a test already under way in Coca-Cola Enterprises' territory in Texas.
DuPont Looking to Displace Fossil Fuels as Building Blocks of Chemicals
At the same time, with the economy slowing, the established national advertisers that Yahoo was counting on to replace the dot-com companies have been slow to commit themselves to new spending.
Verizon will make it easier for the unions to organize some of the employees currently in nonunion jobs in the company's wireless division, those close to the talks said.
But I was surprised by how much the new Amazonian touches on Babies ''R'' Us softened my attitude toward the merchandise.
In June, a judge in United States District Court found Microsoft in wide violation of state and federal antitrust laws and ordered it broken into two.
But I.B.M.
If nothing is done to repeal the law, Boeing will benefit from $615 million over the next 10 years, according to the European Commission.
These include continued slow growth in Europe, which has plagued I.B.M.
A Web site aimed at young girls is nothing new at Procter.
Analysts said Piperlime alone would not significantly jump-start Gap's sales, which were unchanged last quarter at $3.7 billion, but they said that given the strength of the company's Internet division, Piperlime stood a good chance of leading in the online shoe market.
AFTER reporting a surprising 69 percent plunge in earnings in its fiscal third quarter, Nike Inc., in an effort to regain a firmer footing, is returning to a place where it feels comfortable and in control: its role as the underdog.
In a move that caught Wall Street and the media industry by surprise, Viacom  said yesterday that Herb Scannell, a vice chairman of MTV Networks and president of Nickelodeon Networks, was leaving the company.
"My competitors have perfect information about what I do," said Joseph P. Nacchio, president of A.T.& T.'s Business Communications Services division.
Criticizes Viagra Ads, Prompting Pfizer to Halt Them
Intel Plans a Revamping in an Effort to Save $1 Billion
Mr. Boyer also said that Ohio investigators were ''keeping an eye'' on a Federal lawsuit filed in Maryland, in which a distributor, B. K. Miller Inc., has accused Coca-Cola Enterprises of unfair pricing, fraud and other illegal activities.
Intel had a stronger-than-expected performance from its computer chip businesses but came in below expectations in its sales of flash memories to Nokia and other cellphone companies, which cut back purchases when Intel raised its memory prices.
It said it would use Microsoft's Passport identity software and .Net Web services technology to improve service to online customers.
Elsewhere in the industry, Microsoft announced Thursday that it had acquired Giant Software, a privately held maker of security software focused on removing spyware from computers.
In Los Angeles, as in many big markets, there are numerous choices of wireless carriers, among them Cingular, T-Mobile, AT&T Wireless and Verizon.
Wall Street was rife with its own interpretations: Had Norfolk Southern blundered by agreeing to discussions about a post-merger distribution of track rights and assets that would gain regulatory approval, a move that seemed to indicate that it could not foil the CSX-Conrail merger?
Coke officials said Mr. Daft had been considering the move for several weeks, but decided to act after President Bush's speech about corporate abuses on Tuesday.
But, portions of settlements that are classified as compensatory damages can be, according to Boeing and government lawyers.
The settlement put off until July 15 a deadline for Time Warner Cable and Disney, which owns ABC, to come to terms on how much the cable company will pay Disney for use of three of its cable channels.
And women who continue to work at Morgan Stanley -- which denies having presided over any discrimination -- get the benefit of a brand-new $2 million diversity program.
Pessimism also emerged from Morgan Stanley, Dean Witter, whose highly regarded Internet analyst, Mary Meeker, told the firm's brokers and strategists that Internet stock prices, already down 46 percent from their highs of last year, could well skid 20 percent more.
Fox Broadcasting agrees not to pull its stations off cable systems owned by Time Warner in cities like Milwaukee, Tampa, Fla, and Austin, Tex, for at least 45 days in dispute over how Time Warner compensates Fox for right to carry stations; truce assures National Football League playoffs and Super Bowl will remain available to viewers in affected areas (M)
Wal-Mart Stores takes another step in its European expansion by announcing plans to open 12 stores in Asda chain of British supermarkets, which it purchased six months ago; Asda has pledged to cut its prices by 5 to 10 percent, trying to bring cost of most goods in line with prices in US; Asda says it plans to lower prices on more than 10,000 items by next year; Asda is expected to add more than 6,000 employees to its staff of 100,000 (M)
Indeed, Waste Management's second-quarter results are not catastrophic.
World Business Briefing
Enron documents released by federal regulators showing how company manipulated California's power market are described by politicians, lawyers and consumer groups as 'smoking gun' needed to help recover billions of dollars state was overcharged in 2000 and 2001; regulators warn Duke Energy, Dynegy, Williams Companies, Mirant, Calpine and other companies to preserve all documents for probes; disclosure that Enron and perhaps other trading companies used techniques that Enron code-named Death Star, Fat Boy and Get Shorty to inflate prices appears to vindicate Gov Gray Davis's long campaign for federal price caps; Davis says about $30 billion was 'extorted' from California and state will try to get money back; he and Sens Dianne Feinstein and Barbara Boxer call on Atty Gen John Ashcroft to open separate criminal probe of Enron's trading; Enron memos also cast doubt on Pres Bush's and Vice Pres Cheney's skepticism about California's energy problems and their opposition to intervention (M)
The cancellation by FedEx means that Airbus now has outstanding orders for just 15 freighter versions of the A380.
Sampling of items listed on eBay turns up mobile Haunted House with starting bid of $35,000; photo (M)
The reason for the return may be a simple one: as a top capital markets executive, Mr. Anda had expertise -- cobbling together complex public offerings -- that was better suited to a large investment bank like Morgan Stanley than a small investment partnership like Mr. Perella's.
The partnership marks Microsoft's first venture into home console video games.
''It's incredibly annoying,'' said Ellen Hobbs of Austin, Tex., whose frustration has led her to publish Amazon.com's customer support number at her own Web site (clicheideas.com/amazon.htm).
General Motors will refrain from forced layoffs and plant shutdowns at its money-losing European operations (S)
Interpublic Forming A Brand Group
Microsoft also questioned the even-handedness of Judge Jackson's decisions in general.
America Online earned $345 million in third quarter, up from $181 million a year earlier, increase of 91 percent; its revenue grew 34 percent, to $2 billion; Time Warner earned $85 million, down 76 percent from year earlier; revenue was $6.9 billion, up 3 percent (M)
Over all, AT&T, the nation's biggest communications company, reported sales  of $22.1 billion in the fourth quarter of 1995, up about 4.8 percent from the corresponding period in 1994.
The Ford Mustang repeatedly failed the Ford Motor Company's internal crash tests for fuel tank integrity while it was being redesigned in the early 1990's, but it met broader company guidelines and the production version later passed government tests, according to a lawyer who obtained numerous internal Ford documents as part of a civil suit.
Even in China, which has largely avoided the Asian crisis, Motorola is running into problems, with sales of pagers slowing amid a flood of cheap cellular telephones.
A.T.& T. from reacquiring assets of the old Bell system.
The government, said Mark Murray, a Microsoft spokesman, often ''ignored existing law or wants to write new law to suit its purposes.''
Mr. Bozarth said the price Mattel paid for each company was appropriate and that ''both were structured in such a way as to be accretive to earnings.''
The agreement was intended to ensure that National Amusements' percentage ownership in Viacom would not increase as a consequence of the share buyback.
And today, in the first full day of trading after Microsoft announced strong quarterly financial results late on Monday, the company's shares gained $6 to close at $138.50.
As for General Motors, it will emerge a different company from the deal.
Morgan Stanley's return on equity also remained a high 19.3 percent, despite the difficulties in the financial markets that became particularly severe in July and August.
Its Netscape subsidiary, the commercial pioneer in Web browsing software and the star witness in the government's antitrust case against Microsoft, has shriveled.
Microsoft's popular Web sites, Hotmail e-mail accounts, instant-messaging service, and its Windows XP operating system all planned to promote -- and often required -- users to set up Passport accounts.
The latest write-down is the News Corporation's second major one in sports.
He said that most of the growth was in the Intel Architecture business, which supplies microprocessors for computers.
So far, the company's clients number in the ''triple digits,'' he said, but he added that BuySafe had yet to begin full-scale marketing to eBay sellers.
The total number of registered users at quarter's end was 147.1 million, a 40 percent increase over the 104.8 million belonging to eBay at the end of the first quarter of last year.
Among those doubting there is a new trend is Kevin W. Sharer, the chairman and chief executive of Amgen.
Medtronic had argued in the lower courts that device companies are shielded from such lawsuits if federal regulators have reviewed their clinical data before the product is marketed and given them clearance to sell it.
Court Rejects Microsoft Request  By Reuters
Amgen Says Trial Shows Drug Improved Bone Density
Amazon.com is in talks with three Hollywood studios about starting a service that would allow consumers to download movies and TV shows for a fee and burn them onto DVD's, according to three people briefed on the discussions.
Analysis of Microsoft Corp antitrust case focuses on real possibility that company will be split up; says courts over years have been reluctant to break up companies unless their monopoly position was obtained illegally or through mergers; holds neither of those apply in Microsoft case; says Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson, in his ruling, found that Microsoft was predatory monopolist whose illegal conduct stifled competition; holds he specifically noted that company had not obtained its monopoly illegally; Federal government, in proposal to be submitted on April 28, will conclude that splitting Microsoft into two is cleanest, most effective way to restore competition; photo (M)
Dr. Kenneth Stone, an economist with the University of Iowa and a student of the Wal-Mart phenomenon, says that by its own standards, the retailer has barely begun to establish a foothold in the region.
Despite fresh signs that the plaintiffs have not yet agreed on what sanction to seek against Microsoft, they jointly issued a stinging and disdainful rebuttal yesterday to the company's legal arguments last week that it had not violated the nation's antitrust laws.
Some analysts suggested that an aggressive strategy pursued by Procter's recently appointed chief executive, Durk I. Jager, had destabilized the share price, annoying investors further.
Even though the Citigroup stock price has fallen 19 percent over the last year, shareholders would probably not be bothered if Mr. Weill announced a bank deal.
For instance, the jewelry-and-watches store features items from Mondera, Fortunoff and Ross-Simons, with pearl necklaces and other goods stocked and sold by Amazon.com.
It also supports Mr. Luethke's contention that he has been having a dialogue with Morgan Stanley lawyers that has continued many months after that $10,000 payment was made.
In after-hours trading, Microsoft shares jumped more than $3 on news of the strong earnings report.
Disney's president, Robert A. Iger, who rarely gives interviews, said on CNBC on Thursday that despite last week's unsolicited offer from the Comcast Corporation, there was no ''for sale'' sign on his company's door.
The job cuts may hit hardest in Minneapolis, where Honeywell will maintain factory operations but will close its headquarters.
Some analysts and investors think that Philip M. Condit, Boeing's chairman, felt he had little choice but to give the machinists what they wanted because a strike would have disrupted the company's delicate financial recovery.
The novel, to be published by Hyperion on Sept. 26, will appear in Starbucks stores from the first week in October through the second week of November.
Most I.B.M.
The results in the latest period matched Wall Street forecasts, according to Thomson First Call, while I.B.M.
After Exxon Mobil representatives reviewed a copy of the legal brief on the fund's Web site, the company issued a statement rejecting the accusations.
Plaintiffs in the case -- some alfalfa seed companies and environmental and farm advocacy groups -- said they would push to stop the sales and planting of the alfalfa, which is resistant to Monsanto's Roundup herbicide.
He has also been worried that Time Warner could cement America Online's position as the world's leading provider of online services by channeling its artists and albums onto AOL rather than to rival services and Web sites.
By 1992, he was the technical assistant to the chief executive, Andrew S. Grove; three years later he was named to lead Intel's sales and marketing effort in Asia.
Microsoft, through its online service, MSN, will create content and services intended for Starbucks customers.
''We're looking for ways to bring more resources to bear on behalf of clients to craft broad business strategies,'' said Barry Linsky, senior vice president for planning and development at Interpublic.
Greg Reaves, a spokesman for Merck, said the company could not talk about its sales tactics for competitive reasons.
As chief scientist of the Internet portal Yahoo, Dr. Udi Manber had a profound problem: how to differentiate human intelligence from that of a machine.
At Microsoft, ''dog food'' means software not fit for public consumption but good enough for internal purposes.
Motorola said it would invest about $750 million in exchange for 26 percent of the project, Teledesic L.L.C., which was founded by Microsoft's chairman, William H. Gates, and Craig O. McCaw, the cellular phone pioneer who sold his company to AT&T in 1993 for $12.6 billion.
The $4 prescriptions have turned him into a Wal-Mart shopper, Mr. Ganci said.
Among the signals of improvement at Interpublic, the world's third-largest agency company, were the first increase in organic, or core, revenue growth in more than three years; a narrowing of the quarterly net loss from the comparable period a year ago; strong performance from its largest unit, the McCann Worldgroup, as well as from stand-alone agencies like Campbell-Ewald and Deutsch; further progress in exiting a cash-draining business of operating auto-racing tracks; and a modest hiring of employees, after several quarters of layoffs, to work on new assignments for big brands like Barilla, Dell, Old Navy, Sony PlayStation and Viagra.
Hasbro said in a statement this week that ''Interscope's current creative direction and images for the recording group are focused on a much older target than we had anticipated at the time of our original discussions,'' and that the toy line had become ''inappropriate for Hasbro.''
He relies on the fact that newspapers account for only 14 percent of his company's more than $26 billion in annual revenues.
A committee of the board that deals with governance matters decided that Mr. Weill's plan would require amending the part of his employment contract that bars him from competing against Citigroup.
Mr. Phillips said that Oracle's plan to shift PeopleSoft customers to Oracle's software was ''getting mischaracterized.''
Now that Pfizer has suspended its multimillion-dollar consumer advertising program for its COX-2 inhibitor painkiller, Celebrex, and Merck has taken its similar -- and similarly advertised -- drug, Vioxx, off the market, the prescription drug ad market is not looking nearly as healthy as it seemed earlier this year.
The Microsoft Corporation, facing antitrust investigations by a dozen states' attorneys general as well as by the Federal Government, is planning a public relations blitz intended, in a phrase taken from a confidential memo, to ''provide media air cover for a state public affairs campaign,'' The Los Angeles Times has reported.
In the important analog-to-digital data converter market, for instance, Texas Instruments is a distant second to Analog Devices.
Previously, the minority pitches for Procter products like Crest toothpaste and Tide detergent were typically developed through a separate process, after ads were created for the general market.
Wal-Mart Stores issued its first response yesterday to a lawsuit that accuses it of allowing sweatshop conditions at overseas factories, saying that the labor rights group that filed the lawsuit on Tuesday had ''a history of presenting opinions as facts.''
The technology was not only used by Microsoft in its Internet Explorer browsing software, but has become a standard feature in the software for coding Web pages, called hypertext markup language, that has been ratified by the Web consortium.
''This is the first time the cable industry is moving a step ahead of satellite,'' said David Watson, an executive vice president at Comcast, which has video on demand in 19 markets, including Albuquerque, Indianapolis, Baltimore and Union, N.J. ''It's a great example of competition kicking in.''
For value investors, General Motors is a tempting target.
Apple to Take Big Write-Off On Acquisition
Nor is it known whether the states would be acting on behalf of themselves as high-volume consumers of Microsoft's software products or as guardians of their residents' consumer rights.
But that achievement is hurting Amgen's stock because investors now sometimes lump it with the older pharmaceutical companies, which are growing more slowly than they once did.
To compensate for the loss of the elevated plaza and other changes, Goldman Sachs proposes to acquire 364,000 square feet of unused development rights, known as air rights, from the low-rise South Street Seaport district.
But Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly struck from the record the portions of Mr. Richards's testimony in which he said pressure from Microsoft had led International Business Machines and Compaq Computer to give RealNetworks less favorable contract terms.
Mr. Bell, in his presentation, offered a defense of the bonuses, which totaled an unspecified sum above $41.4 million and were paid for 2003 performance to almost 4,000 of the estimated 44,000 Interpublic employees.
Although Citigroup has not met earnings targets promised when the merger was announced, it has already demonstrated that it has the ability to pump out billions of dollars in profits each quarter.
''Oracle's unsolicited offer for PeopleSoft will only destroy value for our companies' shareholders, customers and employees and the technology community overall,'' Bob Dutkowsky, the chairman and chief executive of J. D. Edwards, said in a statement about the decision to sue Oracle.
The company has relationships with all the major record companies largely because its job is to make sure that Wal-Mart shelves are stocked with music.
Critics of Microsoft said the company's move was a characteristically aggressive bid to challenge the Federal judge.
Maiden Flight For New Boeing Jet
If 200 or more of them opt out of the agreement, Coke has the option to declare the settlement invalid.
This is a far cry from the mandatory, at times robotic Wal-Mart cheer (''Give me a 'W,' give me an 'A,' '' and so on) uttered every morning at the chain's 4,000 United States stores -- and that, organizers say, is the point.
''A consumer downturn is the best possible thing that can happen to Wal-Mart and the worst thing that could happen to every major competitor,'' he said.
The machines will be priced at $25,000 to $35,000, an I.B.M.
Jeffrey Mallett, 35, the president and chief operating officer, will not be a candidate for chief executive, Yahoo said.
The Simon Property Group increased its hostile offer for A. Alfred Taubman's shopping mall empire yesterday and enlisted an ally in the takeover battle.
Bancroft family that controls Dow Jones & Co rejects proposed plan prepared by its lawyers Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz, asking them instead to seek stronger guarantees of editorial independence as condition of selling company to Rupert Murdoch's News Corp (M)
Amazon.com last week modified its search engine after an abortion rights organization complained that search results appeared skewed toward anti-abortion books.
After two years of lackluster earnings and heavy criticism, Motorola has moved swiftly in the last six months.
Lotus is the only I.B.M.
Deutsche Telecom is expected to announce agreement to sell six regional cable-television networks to group of American investors for 1.725 billion euros, or about $1.87 billion; group--Apax Partners, Goldman Sachs Group and Providence Equity Partners--is buying networks at significant discount to 5.5 billion euros that Liberty Media agreed to pay for business in 2002; Liberty deal was eventually blocked by German regulators (M)
has more Java programmers than Sun Microsystems Inc., which developed Java, and that I.B.M.
The other trend is the increasing use of new media by packaged-goods marketers like Procter to augment a longtime reliance on media like TV.
While the cutoff letter Microsoft sent to Compaq seems an unnecessarily hardball tactic when dealing with its largest corporate customer, Bob Herbold, Microsoft's chief operating officer, insists, ''To take one letter here or one snippet of E-mail there to try to portray Microsoft as an arrogant company is unfair.''
Motorola executives said the communications company was working to create new Internet standards that would make speech extensions to standard Internet services simple to carry out.
Eastman Kodak has not only beefed up the photo-related services it offers on its own but has also taken stakes in numerous Internet companies that put Kodak's name on their sites.
MANY Web site developers were angered earlier this month when they learned that the Microsoft Corporation had received a patent covering a fundamental technology adopted by the World Wide Web Consortium, a nonprofit group working to standardize the Web.
Indeed, Microsoft has made repeated unsuccessful forays into the living room since 1982PER MARKOFF, when it briefly introduced Modular Windows, designed for an interactive CD player.
Asked to address the competitive threat posed by Under Armour, Mr. Hidalgo said: ''I can only speak for Nike.
Internationally, it may be premature to give Citigroup a Good Housekeeping seal of approval.
In its latest move to streamline operations, Motorola has agreed to sell two plants to Celestica Inc. of Toronto for $70 million and to buy more than $1 billion worth of cellular phones and other products from Celestica over the next three years.
Though the company has been on a rebound under its current president and chief executive, Harry C. Stonecipher, many aerospace analysts say that McDonnell Douglas has fallen behind in the race for the next generation of highly advanced fighters as well as in the rivalry with Boeing and Airbus Industrie to build the commercial aircraft of the future.
Cummins's shares are up 29 percent for the year, though they have fallen 14.7 percent in recent weeks.
More important to analysts, Kodak is quitting ancillary products and businesses.
Separately, Interpublic said it had completed the acquisition of International Public Relations P.L.C.
''We see a pretty seasonal, normal environment,'' said Andy Bryant, Intel's chief financial officer, in a conference call with investors.
Walt Disney Co says its board has endorsed plan by chief executive Michael D Eisner to address problems at ailing company; Disney declines to comment on plan's details; Eisner outlines for board members long-term strategy to bolster operations at its film division, theme parks and other properties; directors also expand their governance committee by two seats and discuss several board initiatives; two board members added to committee are Judith Estrin and Monica Lozano; board member George Mitchell will be co-chairman along with Stanley Gold (M)
Java's Universality Is a Threat to Microsoft
''Mass merchandising is the last frontier for Nike.
Juniper Networks, leader in Internet switching technology, will offer new line of products, mainly routing switches that are smaller, less costly and more efficient than its previous models (S)
And the heavy damage the building sustained on Sept. 11 underscores the vulnerability of communications networks operated by Verizon and other telephone companies -- sprawling systems that rely heavily on critical hubs.
Microsoft has three options in the Comcast-Disney takeover fight: play the savior, the banker or stay on the sidelines.
Morgan Stanley now has to juggle an internal investigation, the District Attorney's criminal investigation and Mr. Curry's civil lawsuit.
NIKE'S decision to stop selling its sneakers and clothes at Sears is shining a spotlight on the impact retail environments have on marketers' brands.
WITH what could best be described as evangelical zeal, Nike is in the middle of an advertising campaign this week in New York City that tries to capitalize on that proud urban tradition of preaching from street corners to promote the company's products during the 30th running of the New York City Marathon, which will take place on Sunday.
Three months after New York City granted a generous tax break to one division of Time Warner Inc., the Giuliani administration has agreed to provide the media giant with an additional $28 million subsidy for its publishing division, which includes Time, Fortune, Money and In Style magazines.
The bulk of the brief included rebuttals of the core charges in the original suit, particularly the allegation that Microsoft was illegally bundling Internet Explorer, the browser used to navigate the World Wide Web, with the Windows operating system.
''I definitely will boycott the CVS, because it'll change our quaint, small village.
The biggest markets for both Mediaone and Comcast are in territory dominated by the Bell Atlantic Corporation, the nation's No.
''These Government customers are very big, so when they make a decision, the rollouts can be huge,'' said Pete Hayes, general manager of Microsoft's Federal systems business.
Mr. Ellison also pointed to the company's new contract with Merrill Lynch, which he said replaced PeopleSoft 7 software with Oracle's enterprise application software.
Acknowledging that Mr. de Vink could possibly be out of a job if Pfizer succeeds, Mr. Sykes smiled broadly.
Market Place: Bank stocks have given back some of gains they recorded earlier in year despite recent string of huge bank mergers, a sign that sector may have lost its momentum; bank stocks, in general, are down between 9 percent and 12 percent from their highs achieved in April; even if more bank takeovers happen, they will not be done at enormous premiums to prevailing market prices; Norwest Corp-Wells Fargo deal confirms recent trend toward so-called mergers of equals in which little in the way of premium is paid by the acquirer to shareholders of company that is being bought out; graph (M)
The news sent Verizon's share price down 11 cents, to $37.39.
The appointments set in motion the David W. Dorman era at AT&T, the No.
Bell Atlantic also went to court last year, seeking unsuccessfully to block AT&T from buying McCaw Cellular Communications.
Toyota plans to increase worldwide car production by 10 percent in 2006, to 9.06 million, putting it in tight battle with General Motors for title of world's biggest carmaker; even if GM retains title in 2006, industry already views Toyota as premier automaker, flush with cash and posting steady increase in sales in US, Europe and parts of Asia during past decade; GM shares fall $1.20, to $19.85, lowest level since stock market crash in 1987, on Toyota's announcement and word that Kirk Kerkorian has sold 12 million shares of his GM stock; graphs; photos (M)
During Mr. Newman's tenure, Dun acquired several companies, including R. H. Donnelley, a publisher of the Yellow Pages and trade magazines, and Moody's Investors Service.
Convinced he could force AT&T to reconsider, Mr. Roberts went public with Comcast's bid, belittling Mr. Armstrong and AT&T management as part of his strategy to create enough shareholder pressure to force a sale.
Citigroup said the logo bore little significance to its current businesses.
Comcast has yet to hold formal discussions with AT&T because Comcast has refused to sign a confidentiality agreement that AT&T has insisted on, the executives said.
A TURNAROUND at the struggling Interpublic Group of Companies is still very much a work in progress, as evidenced by the decidedly mixed results reported yesterday for the second quarter and first half.
There are also questions about growth in the business that has been Boston Scientific's mainstay -- selling drug-coated stents that prop open coronary arteries.
The build-up in I.B.M.
Users of Microsoft's popular e-mail program are the targets of a new computer virus, made by an artist, that arrives disguised as an electronic greeting card.
For the last few years, Hadi Partovi has been a front-line warrior in the ''browser war'' -- the blood feud between Microsoft and Netscape in the market for Internet browsing software, the focus of the Government's sweeping antitrust case against Microsoft.
Microsoft will also try to showcase more family-oriented games that can be played on the 360.
Filing Offers a Way to Find Microsoft Violated the Law
Among the banks whose transactions are being studied are Bank of America and the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, people briefed on the investigation said.
Earlier this week, Xerox said in its annual report filing that its Indian subsidiary had made ''improper payments'' of about $700,000 up to the year 2000.
The Sunday circulation of The Daily News of New York declined by 1.9 percent, to 835,429.
The move by the three Bell companies highlights their intensifying battle with A.T.& T., a turn of events hastened by technology advances that few imagined when the telephone monopoly was broken up in 1984.
John C. Malone, who resigned from AT&T's board last week, has said that the company that he controls, Liberty Media, has no intention of making a bid for AT&T's cable systems.
VS. MICROSOFT
Mr. Ivester, a 20-year company veteran and a principal mechanic behind the Coke machine, is expected to try to reassure investors at the Manhattan conference that the long-term outlook for Coca-Cola remains positive.
American Express Financial Advisors, the company's money management firm in Minneapolis, reported quarterly net income of $152 million, up 5 percent from $145 million for the quarter a year ago.
He resigned from Progressive in late January after the board decided it wanted only one chief executive, and he was not the one.
With any luck, the ad will help consumers piece together the meaning of the new AT&T.
General Electric depends on GE Capital to grow, and acquisitions are part of that growth.''
Microsoft Corp is close to agreement to invest up to $1 billion in cable television operations of US West; investment would buy Microsoft as much as 6.3 percent of US West's cable business at current stock price; it would further Microsoft's strategy of turning nation's cable systems into primary providers of high-speed access to Internet--with Microsoft hoping to control television set-top box software that people use to get on line; in June, in similar deal, Microsoft agreed to pay $1 billion for 11.5 percent stake in another big cable company, Comcast Corp (L)
To avoid future legal challenges, Verizon granted MCI two weeks to reassess Qwest's offer.
Technology Briefing
Dr. Zemel also acknowledges that he receives royalties from General Mills and Dairy Management Inc., a trade group for dairy farmers, for the license to use his findings, which were patented in 2002, and link dairy consumption and weight control.
Lawrence J. Ellison, Oracle's chief executive, said the company was taking market share away from I.B.M.
In addition, Microsoft appears set to announce new features and new downloadable games available over its Xbox Live Internet service.
The joint venture's other unit, Courtyard by Marriott I L.P., does not have any public filings, and its financial condition is unclear.
The Federal Aviation Administration has said it is increasing scrutiny of Boeing's factories because it is concerned that the rapid production escalation might lead to more errors.
Another 1,000 unionized AT&T employees will essentially work for I.B.M.
There was also a lively discussion inside Interpublic about whether Martin ought to take part in Round 2 if asked back, according to executives there who spoke anonymously for the same reason as the GSD&M executives.
That program had become a serious factor in the growing enmity between Time Warner and Disney, with the cable company's executives saying that Disney was trying to undermine its business.
It would also calm nerves in a number of other industries, since Microsoft has its own Web sites for travel reservations, car retailing, city guides and personal finance.
The executives, of course, answer to Rupert Murdoch, the chairman and chief executive of the News Corporation.
"A.T.& T. obviously has been stung by a continuing string of losses to MCI among its largest customers and is desperate to find some way to stem the flow," said Gary M. Parsons, MCI's senior vice president for corporate and public policy.
He will be succeeded by David Young, who is the chairman and chief executive of the publisher's British division, Time Warner Book Group U.K.
The companies that will carry AT&T calls to businesses from the point where AT&T's lines stop are American Communications Services Inc., Brooks Fiber Properties, Hyperion Telecommunications, Intelcom Group Inc. and the Time Warner Communications unit  of Time Warner Inc. AT&T is also talking with the seven Baby Bell phone companies and with the GTE Corporation about connecting with the local phone networks.
Mr. Paris, the analyst, said Cintas stock, essentially flat since 1999, reflected investor skepticism about the strategy.
Instead, like Amazon, eBay asks its customers to fill out an online form, and they receive a response in 24 to 48 hours, said Hani Durzy, an eBay spokesman.
Mr. Kempin said Microsoft developers believed that computer makers were ''butchering Windows'' with their modifications.
And he has asserted in recent interviews that the allegations against him are the work of corporate adversaries like Dow Corning, the implant maker that plaintiffs' lawyers like Mr. O'Quinn helped drive into bankruptcy.
As a consequence, it poses a potential threat to the desktop operating system on which Microsoft's market dominance relies.
''This is about bragging rights,'' the Intel chief executive, Paul S. Otellini, said in an interview after his speech opening the three-day Intel Developers Forum, an annual event for makers of PC's and accessories.
''We set up a program to help identify people at Comcast who could take larger responsibilities, and train them for it,'' Mr. Burke recalled.
CBS has a fistful of these back-to-back shows already, like ''NCIS'' and ''Without a Trace.''
Wal-Mart was the first company singled out for human rights violations.
A Hot Wheels car decorated with the Kellogg logo costs 150 points, or about 15 boxes of cereal.
Goodyear Tire and Rubber Co assigns Dulop tire brand ad account to Anold Worldwide, Boston, part of Arnold Worldwide Partners division of Havas Advertising (S)
Electronic Arts And ESPN Sign 15-Year Deal To Sell Games
HotJobs will pay TMP a $15 million breakup fee and $2 million for expenses to extract itself from that deal before merging with Yahoo.
The twist: You know how the iPod is the only portable player compatible with Apple's popular iTunes music service?
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration releases first batch of crash test results for 2005 model cars and trucks and it is not good news for Ford Motor Co; four-wheel drive versions of Ford Ranger and Mazda B-Series pickup trucks earned only two out of five stars in roll-over ratings; agency says two vehicles have 30 percent likelihood of rolling over in single-vehicle crash, unusually high risk profile; says passengers in back seat of Ford Focus hatchback have high risk of head injury from side-impact tests; new Ford Freestyle, blend of SUV and station wagon, is assessed at 15 percent rollover risk, lowest of 11 vehicles graded by government in its first batch of testing (M)
General Motors has studied building a version of the Opel Corsa at its Shanghai plant.
Street Scene; Morgan Stanley's Retail Troubles
Web retailer Amazon.com announces its own online weekly talk show hosted by Bill Maher, which will feature guests who have products for sale on website (M)
The lawyer for the plaintiffs, Richard Alexander, has presented a succession of witnesses, including a former I.B.M.
Intel reported that its gross margin for the second quarter, ending June 29, is expected to be 49 percent, ''plus or minus a couple of points.''
In a statement, AT&T said it might not complete the acquisition of the remainder of Lin if the third appraisal did not produce a reasonable valuation.
Douglas N Daft calls reporters to talk about being named chairman and chief executive of Coca-Cola; stands by the large price increases Coke recently instituted for concentrate sold to bottlers and says he is committed to increasing the number of cases sold by 7 percent to 8 percent and earnings growth by 15 percent to 20 percent; says issues facing Coca-Cola include how to make global bottler system profitable after a long period of consolidation and how to sell Coke in regions like Latin America, Eastern Europe and parts of Asia where cheaper brands have chipped way at Coke's market share (M)
But analysts say that the America Online-Time Warner deal could change the atmosphere and embolden Microsoft to make such moves.
Citigroup, the country's largest financial services company, and MasterCard International, which first tested the PayPass in 2003, are paying for the experiment, with no cost to the authority.
Merck's stock, since falling to a nine-year low of $25.50 in October 2005, has risen almost 40 percent, as investors grow more confident that its Vioxx-related liabilities might total only a few billion dollars -- instead of the $50 billion or more that some analysts had predicted last fall.
In Korea, Wal-Mart's stores originally had taller racks than those of local rivals, forcing shoppers to use ladders or stretch for items on high shelves.
Several research analysts, however, suggested that Johnson & Johnson's negotiating options might be limited in part because it spent weeks publicly portraying Guidant as damaged goods.
Japanese tax authorities are seeking as much as 7 billion yen ($56 million) in back taxes from some of Morgan Stanley's real estate funds based in the United States, according to local media reports.
AT&T owns 25 percent of Time Warner Entertainment, a holding company for some of Time Warner's cable and production assets.
Mr. Winer began discussing cloud-computing ideas with several Microsoft developers in 1998, and together they quickly cobbled together a standard means for communicating XML data between computers, something he called XML-RPC.
Last July, New Mexico dropped out as well, saying the state had settled with Microsoft.
Prince was picked last year to run Citigroup's investment banking operations after regulators began an investigation into conflicts of interest in investment research at the operations.
''Nike is used to dealing with this type of thing,'' Ms. Casler said.
One former Securities and Exchange Commission official said that if Mr. Jobs signs the document, as he is required to do under Sarbanes-Oxley, and Apple's auditors endorse that signature, it would indicate that the auditors feel he is not in jeopardy.
Also today, Microsoft introduced a tier of financial managers that it said was part of an effort to apply new financial discipline to its operations.
Yahoo, the Internet search engine, signed a three-year deal yesterday to display search listings provided by Overture Services, the company formerly known as Goto.com that auctions the right to be displayed on Yahoo and other search services.
''We strive to make sure that Coca-Cola always stands for good feelings, and we regret that it instead resulted in feelings of illness.''
Technology Briefing
Texas Instruments reported a net loss of 11 cents a share on $2.04 billion in sales in the second quarter of last year, officials said.
Agilent was spun off from Hewlett-Packard as part of a corporate reorganization.
William C. Ford Jr., Ford Motor's chairman, said in an interview at the meeting that the company planned to continue making the vehicle because a halt in production would prompt the introduction of similar vehicles by rival automakers with less commitment to safety and the environment.
Boeing Gets an Edge in Seoul
So the I.B.M.
''As long as the government seeks to increase competition through restraints on Microsoft's contracts and conduct -- as opposed to breaking it up -- you are going to get yourself involved in a line-drawing exercise about what's in the operating system,'' said Robert Litan, a former Justice Department official who is now at Brookings Institution.
The Rodman spots are another effort by Kodak to branch out from its traditional, homespun advertising.
Mr. Cannon's own office issued a news release that was less measured, saying, ''This merger as proposed is unthinkable and it should not take the Justice Department and the F.C.C.
Coincidentally, it was exactly two years ago yesterday that Interpublic first disclosed signs of the problems that subsequently grew into one of the worst bouts of financial difficulties and accounting irregularities ever to plague a major agency company.
IBM and Infineon, former semiconductor division of Siemens, will announce partnership to hasten development and commercial production of magnetic random access memory chips; IBM says new goal for commercialization is 2004 (S)
Jury award of $253.5 million to widow of Robert C Ernst, who died after taking Merck painkiller Vioxx, cements place of W Mark Lanier as one of top civil trial lawyers in America and may fuel his nascent political ambitions; Lanier, a staunch Republican, says he intends to keep trying cases against Merck and wants to 'clean up corporate America'; says he would consider running for Senate seat from Texas in 2008; his meticulous planning for Ernst case described; photos (M)
Microsoft has faced just one serious challenge in the operating system market -- from Apple Computer Inc.'s Macintosh, whose impact was blunted by years of inept management and strategic blunders.
''It's time to look at this industry like any other competitive industry -- not as an outgrowth of the old land-line model,'' said John Scott, deputy general counsel for Verizon Wireless.
''Nike is not the kind of company that signs up a lot of athletes and then says, 'Let's go another way,' '' said John Horan, publisher of Sporting Goods Intelligence, an industry newsletter.
The Nokia-I.B.M.
Microsoft's biggest win in this long-running case occurred before a three-judge panel of this same appeals court, which in 1998 struck down Judge Jackson's preliminary injunction that had ordered Microsoft to split its Internet Explorer Web browser from its Windows operating system.
Motorola will rely on its manufacturing plants in Latin America, Asia and Europe, which cost less to operate, to produce phones, said Leif Soderberg, a vice president and head of strategy for the PCS phone division.
CBS Sports estimated this week that it would sell $9 million to $10 million worth of ads for the Webcasts next month, compared with $4 million to $5 million in ad revenue last year.
AT&T will use Microsoft's $5 billion to help pay to upgrade the cable networks, enabling them to handle two-way communications needed for telephony, Internet messaging and interactive TV.
Mr. Eubanks was called by Microsoft to explain the industry context for the court.
But on a conference call with investors to discuss their quarterly results, executives at Yahoo said the company could remain successful without a merger.
Editorial says $54 million settlement of sex-discrimination suit against Morgan Stanley may not be sufficiently punitive to force notoriously 'macho Wall Street firms' to change, but it should serve as notice that 'raunchy sexism' is no longer acceptable
In Pat Dillon's ''The Last Best Thing'' (Simon & Schuster), an E-mail from billg@microsoft.com sends one of his minions into exile for mocking Windows; he joins exiles from other cyberkingdoms as they also try to find a future in the Valley.
Still, few analysts expect that Kodak, whose paternalistic culture once gleaned it the sobriquet of Great Yellow Father in its Rochester home, will throw the maximum number of people out of work.
Among a wide variety of consumer products, Johnson & Johnson makes Tylenol and Band-Aids.
After all, reaching ever higher has been Comcast's defining trait since Mr. Roberts's father, Ralph, a former maker of men's belts, co-founded the company by buying a 1,200-subscriber cable system in Tupelo, Miss., and some other undeveloped cable franchises for $500,000 in 1963, when Brian was 3 years old.
Delta's announcement came only three months after U S Airways said that it planned to replace the 12 727's that ferry its shuttle passengers with new jets made by Airbus Industrie, Boeing's European rival.
I.B.M.
Intel has recently been attempting to reposition the Itanium processor, which it once hoped would be its flagship system for use at large corporations.
Either way, you should buy your blanks from Apple, or just wait until prices plummet, as Pioneer promises they will in the coming months).
A combination of rising revenue and sharp cost-cutting helped improve results for virtually every segment of Citigroup's far-flung operations, from making consumer loans to trading bonds through its Salomon Smith Barney investment-banking unit.
Airbus Gets Big Order From Easyjet; Boeing Out
A.T.& T. Hires Digital Official
Sarah Clark, a Wal-Mart spokeswoman, said the company knew little about the meeting.
For now, the outcome of Comcast's overture is uncertain.
Tom Szkutak, Amazon's chief financial officer, attributed the increase in sales to the company's strategy of keeping prices down.
It tried to expand in the Northeast in the 1990's, but, analysts say, Staples already had the best locations, and Office Depot soon pulled out.
Local economists say they know of no big projects that have been scuttled because of Microsoft's dive.
In the process, Fox has pushed television news where it has never gone before: to  unabashed and vehement support of a war effort, carried in tough-guy declarations often expressing thirst for revenge.
Original Thinking for a Digital Xerox
Brasil Telecom's chief executive, Carla Cico, said yesterday that the company would reiterate to regulators today that Citigroup, the world's biggest bank, does not control the company, and never has.
Another is James W. Meadlock, chairman and chief executive of Intergraph, a Huntsville, Ala., company that supplies computer hardware, software and services for corporate and engineering customers, based on Microsoft and Intel technology.
But, he added, ''I think this whole system is gong to work -- and work without strangling Microsoft.''
Mr. Icahn, whose group has a 3.1 percent stake in Time Warner, said in a letter to Time Warner's board that the company appeared to be on the verge of a ''disastrous decision.''
''When blogs and Spaces first came out, people said no one would be willing to advertise on them,'' said Joanne K. Bradford, Microsoft's corporate vice president for advertising sales.
Under the agreement announced yesterday, Digital will retain ownership of its proprietary Alpha microprocessor, which Intel agreed to manufacture, but Digital also committed itself to developing computers built around the next generation of Intel chips, which will compete directly with Alpha.
That prospect caused Microsoft to abandon its intended $2 billion purchase of Intuit Inc., the leading maker of personal-finance software, in 1995, after the Justice Department investigated for months -- and a formal Government challenge, with further delays, seemed likely.
Last week, Texas Instruments reported robust first-quarter earnings, which suggested strength in its new approach.
Biogen's drug is produced in mammalian cells, while Berlex's drug is made in bacteria.
But critics say that even with the increase in wages, many Wal-Mart workers still live below the poverty line and its low-premium health plan remains unaffordable to many workers because the deductibles often run to $3,000 a family.
Coca-Cola And PepsiCo Agree to Curb Animal Tests
Bank of America would gain fees from the fund investments, while Mr. Stern would gain from the favorable pricing arrangement.
Beyond that time, though, the Boeing concession appears to be a slight positive for Airbus and the airlines that signed the agreements with Boeing, and a slight negative for Boeing itself.
''Even if they did, I don't think it would meet the concerns of the commission,'' said Thomas Vinje, a partner in the Brussels office of Morrison & Foerster and a vocal opponent of Microsoft in the European antitrust case.
Chancellor Chandler has asked for a hearing on the issues before Caremark's shareholders vote on the CVS bid, now scheduled to take place in mid-March.
He did not let that fact pass without taking a not-so-subtle jab at his long-time competitor, Bill Gates, Microsoft's founder: Offering iTunes software to Windows users was like ''offering a glass of water to someone in hell,'' Mr. Jobs said.
Microsoft and its supporters argue that the company's integration strategy is a consumer benefit, yet it also serves to give Microsoft an enormous advantage against any competitor who happens to be in its path.
''This is obviously a completely novel way of building a C.R.T.,'' he said of the I.B.M.
The pension fund's lawyers also argue that Caremark directors improperly accepted deal protection provisions in the CVS bid that act to deter other bidders, effectively making the deal a fait accompli even before the shareholders vote.
This month, Yahoo appointed Blake Jorgensen, a founder of Thomas Weisel Partners, as chief financial officer, replacing Susan L. Decker, who is switching roles to become head of the company's advertiser and publisher group.
The walkout by 86,000 workers of Verizon, the nation's largest telecommunications employer, has developed into one of the largest and most unruly strikes in years, raising questions about the company's preparation for the contract talks and its handling of the walkout.
''The big takeaway thought is that Xbox 360 has the games for the next-generation,'' Robert J. Bach, president of Microsoft's entertainment and devices division, said in an interview.
But Professor Litman said the appeals court could still rule in Verizon's favor based on an interpretation of how Congress intended the law to be applied.
Tyco International Ltd. appointed Edward D. Breen, the president of Motorola Inc., as its chairman and chief executive yesterday in an effort to restore credibility in the company, which faces continuing investigations and lingering doubts about its accounting practices.
It would also be an enormous plum for Vornado, which had until recently owned a collection of shopping centers across the country.
Today, Netflix sends and receives 700 million little packages a year, a logistical operation that has few peers outside of FedEx, U.P.S.
Andrew Semons was named director for strategic services at Doremus, New York, part of the Omnicom Group, assuming some duties that had been handled by Jeff DeJoseph, vice chairman and chief strategy officer, who left during the summer.
Demand for PC's Spurs Chip Sales, Sending Profit Up 89% at Intel
The site, which will use Microsoft's new Windows DNA 2000 operating system, will offer the same types of services and software programs, only far more of them.
Thompson handles worldwide advertising for Kodak consumer film and advanced photo systems, while Ogilvy handles corporate brand advertising as well as digital and applied imaging products.
Mr. Lanier finished the trial last Wednesday by asking jurors to punish Merck with a large award for punitive damages that would encourage the entire drug industry to be more honest about drug risks.
right out of college in 1973, is one of a cadre of top executives who proved flexible enough to thrive in both the old I.B.M., with its legendary buttoned-down bureaucracy, and the higher velocity, hard-edged corporate culture that emerged under Mr. Gerstner during the 1990's.
The breakup of A.T.& T. also created unfettered competition in the multibillion-dollar markets for telephone equipment and sophisticated switching devices.
He said the company's relationship with the customer, whom he would not identify, had been severed after the company was notified about the Microsoft paper by a reporter.
It is machine washable and available in white, cream, light green or ice blue from www.costco.com.
Revenue from I.B.M.
The researcher who ordered ''Mein Kampf'' from Amazon received E-mail suggesting that he might also like ''White Power,'' by the American Nazi leader George Lincoln Rockwell, for instance.
In its statement, Lockheed Martin said, ''The corporation appreciates the opportunity to enter into a settlement agreement with the Department of State that resolves the charges.
Such a purchase would be far bigger than anything Microsoft has tried.
In the last three months, Pfizer's shares have fallen about 9 percent.
But that quality, Mr. Djurdjevic said, leaves some unknowns for I.B.M.
His death, after a brief battle with cancer, was announced yesterday by Texas Instruments, the Dallas-based electronics company where he worked for a quarter-century.
The researchers, Gordon Bell and Jim Gray, scientists at Microsoft's Bay Area Research Center, presented the argument last month in a meeting of the National Research Council's Computer Science and Telecommunications Board at Stanford University.
Tomorrow, Time Warner plans to announce that it has begun selling access to the Internet to 400 cable subscribers in Akron, Ohio.
A document titled ''Microsoft meeting presentation,'' dated January 1993, postulates Microsoft's ''potential reactions'' to Compaq's decision to use another company's software for personal digital assistants.
''All cash-balance plans would be viewed as age discriminatory'' if the ruling is upheld on appeal, said David M. Speier, senior consulting actuary with Watson Wyatt, a consulting firm that has helped I.B.M.
''Citigroup will take whatever steps necessary to restore the public trust and confidence,'' the executive said.
The breakdown in the companies' alliance complicates Microsoft's future in two ways: Just as Microsoft awaits an appeals court decision about breaking the company into two parts, the breakdown raises the prospect of new antitrust challenges concerning Microsoft's new operating system, Windows XP.
The fun gap is set to get even bigger later this month when Microsoft makes the latest version of Windows, called Vista, available to consumers.
The fall and recovery of I.B.M.
The popularity of iPod, analysts say, may persuade consumers who have not been Apple computer users to consider the Mac Mini.
That points to another key point about I.B.M.
In a statement, Marsh & McLennan said Mr. Cherkasky was leading a company investigation into Mr. Spitzer's charges.
It sent the case down to a new Federal District Court to determine what sanctions should be imposed on Microsoft.
In their home-country market, Ford and its crosstown rival General Motors have unusually high inventories and are losing market share despite offering $5,000 rebates and no-interest financing deals for many vehicles.
American Express Co reports third-quarter earnings more than dbouled from year earlier; earings rose to $687 million from $298 million; revenue totaled $5.9 billion, up 3 percent from $5.7 billion; chief executive Kenneth I Chenault comments (M)
On one side, Advanced Micro Devices, Intel's traditional rival in the microprocessor business, has quarried market share at the top end of the desktop PC business with the introduction of its 64-bit Athlon processor.
That has the effect of reducing Amazon's profits in periods when its stock price rises and bolstering them when the stock falls.
The bid by Wal-Mart, the world's largest retailer, follows its acquisitions in Germany, where it bought the Wertkauf chain in 1997 and the Spar Handels hypermarket chain last year.
As Microsoft tries to persuade millions of people around the world to upgrade to Vista, enhanced support for gaming is going to be one of the main selling points.
Interpublic Group of Companies in New York says it has opened sports marketing unit named Octagon (S)
Although Microsoft has enjoyed a relatively warm reception from the mass market, it does not have a great record of producing hit consumer hardware.
Lately, Microsoft's efforts in the so-called content business have been disappointing, and when the company announced a broad-ranging reorganization earlier this year Mr. Myhrvold was not a member of an executive management group that reported directly to Mr. Gates.
Naturally, cans of Campbell's soup will be front and center.
The German automobile company BMW wound up its withdrawal from Britain's money-losing Rover Group by completing the sale of Rover's sport utility vehicle division to the Ford Motor Company for three billion euros ($2.73 billion) -- two-thirds to be paid immediately and the rest in 2005.
PeopleSoft, on the other hand, contends that large corporations have only three options -- Oracle, PeopleSoft and SAP -- and that the merger would reduce their choices to only two.
Last year, the company said, about $15 billion of its products came from Chinese suppliers, which would rank Wal-Mart alone as one of China's largest trading partners.
Amazon did not say how much it paid for the company, which is based in Grand Forks, N.D. Amazon said it would continue the catalog businesses -- its first non-Internet business.
I.B.M.
Nordstrom is dividing the $1.5 million cost of the catalogue with the advertisers, which all sell their wares in Nordstrom department stores.
Wal-Mart's announcement was a crushing blow to Draft FCB, part of the Interpublic Group of Companies, whose stock fell 6.4 percent, or 79 cents a share, to $11.54.
Merck & Co Inc agrees to pay $42.5 million to settle long-running class-action lawsuits against pharmacy-benefit unit Medco Health Solutions; lawyers for plaintiffs are split over whether to accept agreement; some lawyers say it is too small, considering that Medco pocketed billions of dollars in rebates from manufacturers and other fees that they say should have gone to thousands of health plans and million of consumers; Medco has 65 million holders of its drug cards; Medco does not admit any liability in agreement to settlement, which is subject to approval by Federal Judge Charles L Brieant (M)
Edging closer to a direct confrontation with Microsoft, Google, the Web search engine, is preparing to introduce a powerful file and text software search tool for locating information stored on personal computers.
He replaced his aging Apple PowerBook G3, which ran on a single 400-megahertz processor, with a $2,000 Apple Power Mac G4, which uses two processors, each running at more than twice the power of his old computer's central processor.
Any AT&T-Microsoft partnership would be sure to arouse concern among politicians and regulators.
Both American Express and Visa representatives agreed.
The Government suit states that in sworn testimony, Chris Jones, a Microsoft manager who attended the meeting, ''admitted that Microsoft 'absolutely' intended to persuade Netscape not to compete.''
In talks leading up to the merger, Procter and Gillette executives say they have also identified more strategic advantages than merely the greater size, buying power and efficiencies from combining two similar enterprises.
''It doesn't mean anything for prices,'' said John V. Faraci, International Paper's chief financial officer, ''but it's enabling all of us to get costs out and to put more money into product development.''
Microsoft is not a litigant in the antitrust case.
has not executed in bringing this technology to a broad market as Microsoft has.''
Jordan Rohan, an analyst with RBC Capital Markets, said that while Yahoo's forecasts remained constant, investors were likely to scale back their expectations for the company.
''We want to get in front of users in a different way,'' said Steve Boom, senior vice president for broadband access at Yahoo.
Blackout of SportsChannel's New York Mets games on Time Warner's New York City cable television systems is lifted on Aug 19 as two sides resume negotiations to resolve financial dispute (M)
The Microsoft Corporation, the world's largest software company, posted slightly higher-than-expected quarterly earnings yesterday even as it adopted a cautious outlook, warning that the personal computer industry remains sluggish, in part because consumer confidence is so fragile.
Every computing device from keyboards to disk drives, and every software program from games to browsers, must mesh smoothly with Microsoft's Windows operating system.
Then again, over the last decade, Coca-Cola Company's return to investors has been even better.
Such a strategy was built on the premise that a monolithic Citigroup could use its name and muscle to sell an array of financial products, from truck leases to mutual funds.
CVS was advised by the Evercore Group and Lehman Brothers; its lawyers were Davis Polk & Wardwell and Mintz Levin Cohn Ferris Glovsky and Popeo.
During the conference call this afternoon, Cisco executives suggested that trends in the marketplace were favorable to the company, which supplies corporations with the basic equipment for high-speed data traffic.
Morgan Stanley Reports A 16% Drop in Earnings
Interviews this week with a variety of traders, from people who manage their own retirement money to full-time traders to big-time money managers, show how Cisco's news was anticipated and processed and at times even disregarded.
If shoppers start at Froogle, ''What value does Amazon add?''
Correction:  February 3, 2004, Tuesday  An article in Business Day on Friday about General Motors' purchase of the 51 percent of the Delta Motor Corporation in South Africa that it does not already own misspelled the name of a car assembled there.
Microsoft has adopted a similar strategy at several junctures, Mr. Glaser said, reverse-engineering technologies like NetWare, PostScript and JavaScript at different times.
But there may be limits to the News Corporation's desire to pay top price right now.
Pressure on the board will increase if Citigroup's share price continues to tread water.
Some shareholders are pressing for more money or some kind of price protection in case Pfizer's stock value plummets.
In its suit, the Government asserts that they are separate products that Microsoft bundled to get an unfair edge over a rival, the Netscape Communications Corporation, in the market for software used to browse the World Wide Web.
Applied Materials, based in Santa Clara, Calif., said its earnings declined 85 percent from the second quarter and 93 percent from the third quarter last year, when it earned $604 million, or 70 cents a share.
An I.B.M.
While sounding its usual cautionary notes about corporate PC demand and slowing revenue growth, Microsoft reported solid results amid a sea of recent distractions, including last week's news of the merger of Time Warner and America Online, the passing of the chief executive title from William H. Gates to Steven Ballmer and yesterday's filing challenging the findings of a federal judge that the company is an abusive monopoly.
New Microsoft operating system Vista has made enhancements to allow users to more effectively play their favorite computer video games; most of current offerings for first version of Vista are aimed at casual gamers and families and not hard-core players; Vista allows parents to set parental controls and for first time have power to monitor everything their children play on home computer; photos (M)
''I will need to spend some time at Chubb before coming up with a real assessment of the key priorities,'' he said yesterday.
The new group -- which includes the Blackstone Group, Thomas H. Lee Partners, Bain Capital and Providence Equity Partners -- has split not only with Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, but with its members' other first-round partners: the Texas Pacific Group; Goldman Sachs Capital Partners, the private equity arm of Goldman Sachs; and CSFB Private Equity, the private-equity arm of Credit Suisse First Boston, these people said.
On Wednesday, for example, Morgan Stanley, along with a band that included several of New York City's best-known financial firms, committed at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York to invest as much as $300 million of its own money to finance a $3.5 billion rescue of Long-Term Capital Management.
At Kennedy, a stairway from the landing pad led directly into Terminal 9, where American Airlines domestic flights depart.
In particular, Wal-Mart's experience in Germany, where it lost hundreds of millions of dollars since 1998, has become a sort of template for how not to expand into a country.
More often than not, in Coke's case, the local bottler is Coca-Cola Enterprises, which did $3.2 billion worth of business last year, according to an earnings report on Tuesday.
The shares of the FMC Corporation fell yesterday after the company said it expected its net income in the second quarter to be significantly below the $2.06 a share reported a year earlier.
Yahoo said it would restate its results for the quarter to show a net loss of $20.5 million rather than earnings of $610,000.
In a departure from the dreary branch services that have been a hallmark of the banking industry, Bank of America's consumer business is run by executives who call its bank branches ''stores,'' refer to their banking clients as ''customers,'' and measure branch performance the way retailers do, by comparing sales at stores open at least a year.
''Procter can instead keep innovating the diaper.''
Thomas H. O'Brien, chairman and chief executive of PNC, who will keep his titles, said: "This merger creates a unique opportunity for PNC Bank to achieve several strategic objectives.
To begin with, Microsoft licensed Internet Explorer and the Internet Explorer Access Kit to hundreds of IAP's for no charge.
But many analysts say that Sun's approach is not that different from Microsoft's.
Apple, based in Cupertino, Calif.,  hopes that Next's features, like a powerful development system, will be so attractive that software developers will be willing both to write new programs for it and to rewrite their existing software -- in many cases for the second time.
Paper wars begin in Microsoft Corp antitrust trial as both sides present court with book-sized documents detailing what each camp believes are facts of case; photo of Justice Thomas Penfield Jackson, who is presiding over case (M)
''We've gotten used to it,'' Netflix's chief executive, Reed Hastings, said of the doomsday predictions.
The American International Group, through a spokesman, declined to say whether it had been subpoenaed.
Johnson & Johnson shares fell 58 cents yesterday, to $59.12.
If Goldman Sachs is sometimes accused of being a hedge fund masked as an investment bank, Citadel has elements of an investment bank disguised as a hedge fund, minus the investment bankers.
Verizon says it will start selling video services some time next year, but it has not said what kinds of programming it plans to offer and at what cost to consumers.
And now that Procter has backed away, he said, it is less likely that another company will step in and try to outbid Pfizer.
Verizon asserts that the shortcut was meant to be limited to cases where the material on Web sites is stored on the Internet provider's computers.
A $192.5 million settlement of a class-action lawsuit that accused the Coca-Cola Company of racial discrimination cleared a potential hurdle yesterday when only 23 members of the class chose to opt out.
Most major auto makers, including Ford Motor Co, DaimlerChrysler AG and American Honda, report record sales for February; sales rose 8 percent, to 319,340 vehicles at Ford; sales at DaimlerChrysler totaled 215,450 unit, up 8 percent over year ago; Honda reports record car and truck sales of 81,910 units, up 14 percent from year ago; Volkswagen reports its best February in 18 years; Audi had best February since 1986; Volvo, Subaru and Kia also report higher sales (M)
''When we build a product that takes advantage of the Yahoo network, it doesn't feel like an orphan.''
A.T. & T. Plans to Redeem Debt Totaling $1.75 Billion
Starbucks is not alone in looking at in-store wireless networks to build customer relationships and to market to visitors on premises.
Mr. Lessig reminded his audience that AOL formerly wanted the government to guarantee neutrality in high-speed Internet communications via cable TV systems, but changed that position once it agreed to merge with Time Warner.
Adobe owns the market for document exchange software with its Acrobat software program, whose PDF (portable document format) is one of the dominant standards in information technology.
Richard Ferlauto, director of pension and benefit policy for the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees, said Home Depot had little choice but to reverse itself.
Aon and S.E.C.
In California, the Democratic senators, Dianne Feinstein and Barbara Boxer, held pep rallies at Boeing's Long Beach plant earlier this year.
The mouse was invented in the 1960's by Douglas C. Engelbart and William K. English at the Stanford Research Institute; the Xerox center built on that work.
Prince's pay rise significantly while Citigroup's share price has remained essentially flat.
Advocates of digital broadcasting say that its benefits will extend far beyond the improved sound quality and signal reach that Motorola and others are chasing with today's radio software.
The cost of the brand transformation will top $500 million, but Kodak will not disclose how much goes for advertising.
Citigroup shares fell 10 percent yesterday as one analyst downgraded the stock on growing concerns about the bank's potential losses in Latin America and its liabilities related to Enron and WorldCom.
Dressed in a hunter green suit with a brown striped tie, sitting at a plain conference table at Microsoft's headquarters next to his lawyer, Mr. Gates seldom smiled but never raised his voice.
Indeed, Mr. Farber said Microsoft's current strategy of increasingly delivering Internet services over the Web would work best with software designed as ''well-defined modules'' instead of the ''spaghetti code'' of deeply integrated software, bundling all kinds of features into one.
Mr. Black's argument here would be that Dehomag, the I.B.M.
''We asked home and education customers what they wanted, and when you added it all up, what they really wanted was an iMac to go,'' said Steven P. Jobs, acting chief executive of Apple.
''I am surprised that you didn't apologize to the Yahoo shareholders for the last three years of Yahoo performance,'' Mr. Jackson said.
William H. Gates, the Microsoft chairman, says he wants a settlement, but his comments at the company's annual meeting showed little inclination to compromise.
Accenture says survey of 950 domestic business travelers shows business travel is poised for increase over next six months; says more than third of those surveyed say they expect to travel more for business during next half-year than they did in previous half; holds another 40 percent say their business travel will remain at same level and 25 percent say it will drop; International Air Transport Association's chief economist Peter Morris says China's passenger traffic is expected to rise 9.5 percent by 2006; lowest growth will be in Argentina, minus 1.6 percent, and Israel, zero; National Notary Association says statutes in almost three-quarters of nation's states lack basic identification standards for notaries--important for travel security linked to accurate identification; adds about 31 percent of states have not updated their notary statutes in 15 years (Memo Pad column) (M)
Citigroup Inc chairman-chief executive Sanford I Weill, in letter to employees, says he regrets pain they felt over criticism of bank's involvement with Enron Corp and WorldCom Inc; says Citigroup's work for Enron was legal and complied with accounting standards and industry practices on Wall Street; says company has bought nearly $2 billion worth of its shares this month; adds slide in Citigroup's stock is 'completely disconnected' from company's financial condition; Senate staff members call on Merrill Lynch & Co to produce employees who can explain Merrill's dealings with Enron on July 30; Senate Subcommittee on Investigations sends letter to Weill and J P Morgan Chase chief executive William B Harrison Jr asking more questions about transactions with Enron (M)
Medtronic accused Dr. Michelson of failing to recognize the extent of its rights to his inventions and interfering with its business by trying to market them to competitors.
While SAP has not taken a position on Oracle's $7.7 billion hostile bid for PeopleSoft, people at the company said Mr. Kagermann would prefer not to have regulators narrow the boundaries of the market.
Instead, they have committed $23 billion to the wireless communications business by paying $11.5 billion to acquire McCaw Cellular Communications and billions more to buy licenses and build systems for "personal communication services" in areas where  AT&T does not own cellular systems.
Azerbaijan's Pres Heydar Aliyev is attempting to end Congressional ban on US government aid to Azerbaijan, measure passed to punish country for its blockade of Armenia; Azerbaijan has been on government blacklist since 1992 thanks to well-coordinated lobbying effort by Armenian-Americans and strong coalition of supporters of Armenia in Congress; Aliyev has engaged in face-to-face lobbying, and some high-powered hired professionals are doing same behind the scenes; some of most powerful American oil companies, including Exxon, Mobil, Unocal and Pennzoil-Quaker State, have been acting quietly on Azerbaijan's behalf; US oil company executive says restrictions on government assistance to Azerbaijan are interfering with efforts of American companies to develop oil there; Pres Clinton is leaving decision on lifting ban to Congress; map; photos (M)
Government lawyers assert that Intel's decision to withhold the information stifled innovation and development of new chip technologies.
Finally, Microsoft used incentives and threats to induce especially important OEM's to design their distributional, promotional and technical efforts to favor Internet Explorer to the exclusion of Navigator.
Last July, Boeing was denied more than $1 billion in Pentagon orders and was suspended from some missile-defense contracts after it was found to have been in possession of proprietary documents from its rival, Lockheed Martin.
Ajay Banga, a co-head of global consumer business at Citigroup, suggested that Citigroup's lending practices could help engineer Egg's turnaround.
Leaders of union locals at the Delphi Corporation, the auto parts maker, will meet next week in Detroit to be briefed on negotiations with General Motors on a rescue plan, officials with the union, the United Automobile Workers, said on Wednesday night.
Sears, which sold Nike shoes primarily aimed at women and children, will suffer the loss of the swoosh more than Nike will miss the department store, said John J. Shanley, senior athletic and footwear industry analyst at the Susquehanna Investment Group.
In 2001, he was involved in buying the controlling stake in Expedia, which Microsoft created in 1995.
Microsoft argued that if the remedies were limited, the court could conduct a relatively quick proceeding.
Amazon said it had more than $640 million in cash and marketable securities at the end of the quarter, down from $1.1 billion at the end of the year, before it had paid for many of the products it sold during the Christmas season.
S.& P. went a step further today with General Motors, downgrading its long-term credit rating, as well as that of its finance unit, the General Motors Acceptance Corporation, to BBB from BBB+.
But under an informal agreement reached last week, the commission agreed to exclude open-source software developers from learning the details on Windows until Microsoft's appeal of the ruling works its way through the courts, a process that could take years.
Other analysts say that the Microsoft division responsible for MSN Web sites -- and not the Windows division -- is working to develop a Web search service to compete with Google.
James McFarland, 90, Executive Who Diversified General Mills
Yahoo shares fell 46 cents, to $33.70.
The first tangible results of the agreement will come in Norway, where the Icon operations, recently bolstered by acquisitions, will be merged with Thunder House, the interactive division of Interpublic's JBR-McCann unit in Oslo.
''Personally, I find myself feeling like, although it's neat to glance at for a few minutes, there's nothing on,'' said Peter Krasilovsky, senior analyst with Arlen Communications in Bethesda, Md., who has been sampling the new MSN, since Microsoft began shipping the start-up software on CD-ROM's last week.
Does the fact that Exxon Mobil now hands out real stock -- rather than options -- discourage risk-taking by the people running the world's largest company?
Qwest Communications' former chairman Philip F Anschutz agrees to give up $4.4 million in personal profits from shares in hot stock offerings that prosecutors say were allotted to him by Citigroup's Salomon Smith Barney brokerage unit that hoped to win additional business from Qwest; Anschutz becomes first corporate official to return gains from practice, known as spinning, through several other former or current top executives have been accused of same practice; agrees to donate to charity profits from his shares; agreement stems from civil lawsuit filed in September by New York State Atty Gen Eliot L Spitzer seeking return of spinning gains from shares directed by Citigroup; photo (M)
''They are very worried,'' Mr. Battelle said, ''about Microsoft leveraging their I.E.
''I think desktop video is going to be the next big thing,'' said Mr. Jobs, who 14 years ago pioneered desktop publishing, a market that Apple's Macintosh still dominates.
Other Aon executives said several other questions raised by the S.E.C., including the securitizing of some investments and the timing on writing down unrealized losses on some stocks, were also resolved.
''Adobe is a tremendously successful company in the print world, but they haven't really figured out the right products and strategy for making money and being successful on the Web,'' said Christopher J. Galvin, an analyst with Hambrecht & Quist.
Converting the News Corporation shares to cash would make that strategy easier.
After March of last year, she said, VeriSign began requiring prepayment of registration fees.
Settlement talks between Microsoft and the commission are likely to begin in earnest this week.
''When a company has as strong a brand and consumer franchise as Apple, it is very hard to destroy it,'' said Richard Shaffer, a principal of Technologic Partners, a technology research firm in New York.
Looking ahead, Intel said that it expected revenue in the second quarter to be in a range of $8.6 billion to $9.2 billion, in line with the average analyst forecast of $8.9 billion.
Asked if he was familiar with the substance of the conduct the court found to be unlawful, Mr. Gates told a lawyer for the nine states opposing Microsoft, ''I know the 12 violations.''
Some plaintiffs could ask Merck to finance more research into the effects of the drug.
But a senior Government official said Microsoft had been unwilling to make significant concessions until the last moments, when lawyers for the two sides spoke by phone.
Merck & Company is close behind, though it is first concentrating on osteoarthritis and pain.
Delta Air Lines announces two financing deals, but its most sought-after agreement, with its pilots' union, remains elusive; Delta reaches $600 million financing agreement with American Express Travel Related Services, including $100 million loan; also reaches deal with various debt holders to defer $135 million in notes that were due in 2005; does not reach agreement on debtor-in-possession financing, which it would need to operate under Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection (M)
For nearly an hour, he spoke quickly and loudly, appearing genuinely upset and urging the jury to return a damage award large enough to get the attention of top executives at Merck, which had revenue last year of $22 billion.
MCI was hit last week by news of a criminal investigation into the accusations made by the former employee, James C. Krutchen, AT&T, SBC Communications and Verizon that it had systematically and fraudulently redirected telephone calls.
And the reputation of The Journal and Dow Jones for serious, accurate and objective work, he said, ''would be damaged if Rupert Murdoch and his News Corporation take over Dow Jones,'' he said.
initially offered PC buyers three competing operating systems: Microsoft's MS-DOS, the Digital Research Corporation's CP/M and UCSD Pascal.
Suzuki Motor to buy 14.9 percent stake in GM-Daewoo Auto & Technology, company General Motors is forming as successor to bankrupt Daewoo Motor, for $89 million; GM, which also owns 20 percent of Suzuki, will own 42.1 percent of company; is still looking for another partner to buy 10 percent (S)
GENERAL ELECTRIC -- As the parent of NBC, General Electric took advantage of the Olympic spotlight by running several commercials innumerable times.
General Motors Corp, still struggling with the aftermath of two strikes, reports that car and light-truck sales fell 36.4 percent in August; at same time, Ford Motor Co reports a stronger-than-expected 8.1 percent increase in sales; GM's lower sales push industry down, even though nearly all auto companies selling vehicles in United States report higher sales; vehicle sales for month total 1,229,989 cars and light trucks, decrease of 6.6 percent compared with sales in month year earlier (M)
Citigroup employees said that New York, where the company is based, would not bear the brunt of the cutbacks in the United States.
Boeing's stock rose 36 cents yesterday, to $83.
In that deal, SBC invested $300 million in Yahoo.
Bertelsmann AG plans to take more of its on-line operations public in drive to become dominant force in digital world and exploit investor enthusiasm for Internet stocks; chairman and chief executive, Thomas Middelhoff, says planned public offerings by Barnesandnoble.com, joint venture with Barnes & Noble Inc, and by Pixelpark presage other offerings in coming months; says company plans to make Internet access more affordable in Europe; holds talks with Microsoft Corp on possible joint bid for Deutsche Telekom AG's cable television operations so that Bertelsmann can sell music titles over Internet through high-capacity cable lines; graphs of company revenues, income, revenue breakdown and businesses (M)
''It will certainly make it easier for doctors and patients to treat anemia successfully,'' Dr. Ravi Thadhani, an assistant professor at Harvard Medical School who helped test Aranesp, said in a conference call held by Amgen.
In after-hours trading, shares of Microsoft rose about 5 percent, to $24.11.
Technology Briefing
The consulting firm managing the review, Select Resources International in Santa Monica, Calif., is already contacting potential participants, Ms. O'Neil said, adding that Staples hopes to name a new agency in 60 days.
Microsoft's Internet Explorer browser is now used by 96 percent of Web surfers worldwide, compared with only a 3 percent market share for Netscape, according to statistics gathered by StatMarket, a division of the audience measurement company WebSideStory.
The renowned difficulty of marketing to young consumers also plays a role, marketers like Motorola say.
The International Business Machines Corporation also said earlier this year that it would soon begin to sell computer work stations for engineers and scientists that run Windows NT and are powered by Intel's Pentium Pro chip.
''We are communicating that we are primarily Indian, employing Indians,'' said Sunil Gupta, vice president of Hindustan Coca-Cola Holdings, Coca-Cola's Indian subsidiary.
Improved technology for searching information stored on a PC will also be a crucial feature of Microsoft's long-delayed version of its Windows operating system called Longhorn.
Still, some analysts had serious questions about the appraisal of Lin that AT&T had obtained.
published a notice in February saying it intended to award the contract to Lockheed Martin without bidding.
I like him and respect him, and admire what he has done at Oracle.
Analysis of need to develop new security methods to prevent identity theft; holds disappearance of entire box of tapes that contained personal information of nearly four million American Citibank customers that was in care of United Parcel Service illustrates that methods of transporting such personal data must be changed; sees need for creating more secure online access methods, robust customer authentication, hiring dedicated data security staff, and improving way large amounts of consumer data are stored or moved (M)
So when Cisco announced earlier this month that orders for its products had unexpectedly plunged and that revenue would decline for the first time in its 11 years as a publicly traded company, it did not just send shudders through the company itself and its own suppliers.
On Monday, the company will begin allowing computer users to view Yahoo search results with its visualization technology at www.groxis.com.
Cisco completed the acquisition of Geotel Communications, a software maker, and incurred related costs of approximately $16 million.
Anyway, in the MGM Movie Vault (www.amazon.com/ mgmvault), the price is right: $7.99 each.
The strategic rationale for Microsoft was that its investments would help ensure that its software was on set-top boxes used for interactive TV, which would allow video-on-demand, online shopping and a host of other services.
With the Microsoft deal, I.B.M.
Steven P. Jobs, the chief executive of Apple, said yesterday that QuickTime 6 was distinguished by its support for a new international standard for view multimedia called MPEG-4, which offers a variety of enhancements for viewing video and listening to audio via the Internet.
Technology Briefing
Yahoo's share price was $148 three weeks ago, but has fallen steadily.
For its second quarter, which ended Jan. 28, Cisco reported sales of $6.6 billion, which was a 9.3 percent increase from the $6.1 billion in the comparable period a year ago and matched Wall Street projections.
Vornado was scheduled to gain control of that 52-story tower yesterday as part of a $1.8 billion package deal that also gave it a majority stake in 1290 Avenue of the Americas at 52nd Street in Midtown Manhattan.
But Fred Anderson, Apple's chief financial officer, said that the second quarter was historically Apple's weakest.
But I.B.M.
''The questions are: Did I.B.M.
''RealNetworks is now a media store, and Microsoft is a cash register on the back end, selling the underlying software,'' said Charles Di Bona, an analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein & Company.
Calling the company's actions "too little, too late," he said: "In the face of mounting shareholder outrage, where Home Depot really became a pariah, they decided they needed to act."
Although the company said no Asian airlines had yet canceled any orders, Boeing has already announced plans to slow production of its flagship 747 jumbo jet.
Mr. Odeen wrote in a letter to Northrop: ''The board views Northrop Grumman's proposal as an opportunistic attempt to acquire one of the industry's leading space and electronics and systems businesses at a time when TRW's stock price was temporarily depressed after the sudden departure of David Cote, our former chairman, president and chief executive officer.''
Idea of having to buy electronic stamps to send e-mail gets new attention after Bill Gates, Microsoft chairman, tells World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, that spam will not be problem in two years, in part because of systems that will require people to pay money to send e-mail; some Internet experts have long suggested that rising tide of junk e-mail would turn into trickle if senders had to pay even as little as a penny for each message they sent, a minor amount for legitimate commerce and communications, but enough to destroy businesses that send a million offers in hopes that 10 people will respond; Yahoo also expresses interest in e-mail postage; idea stll faces substantial opposition among Internet users; several e-mail postage plans have been proposed; drawing (M)
Ms. Leung is to be succeeded on an interim basis as chief financial officer by Paul Haggerty, currently the News Corporation's executive vice president for finance.
Starbucks joined with PepsiCo to bottle and distribute its Frappuccino drinks, and sells coffee ice cream through an agreement with Dreyer's Grand.
Verizon is spending billions of dollars to run fiber lines all the way to customers' homes -- lines that also carry phone calls and broadband connections.
The showdown between Pfizer and Warner-Lambert should continue to heat up this week.
Seoul District Court rejects suit by French manufacturer Dassault Aviation demanding disqualification of Boeing Co as winner of contract to build 40 fighter planes for South Korean Air Force at cost of more than $4 billion; says there is no reason to disqualify Boeing just because it raised price of its bid and did not guarantee that South Korean manufacturers would produce as much of plane as stipulated by South Korea's defense ministry (S)
The showdown in 1996 -- when Microsoft  threatened to stop selling the Windows operating system to Compaq Computer  unless Compaq also included the software maker's Internet browser -- is a central chapter in the Government's antitrust case against Microsoft.
Lawrence Keusch of Goldman Sachs is one who is advising investors to buy Boston Scientific.
Since bragging rights are a big deal in the computer business, it did not take long for an infuriated I.B.M.
Correction:  April 10, 2007, Tuesday  An article in Business Day on Wednesday about the sale of the Tribune Company misstated the background of Robert C. Embry Jr., who has tried to buy the company's newspaper in Baltimore, The Sun.
Dr. Cawkwell said Pfizer announced the trial yesterday ''because we are really ready to start the study.''
Motorola reported yesterday that it had lost $1.24 billion, or 55 cents a share, on sales of $7.32 billion in the last quarter of 2001.
Under Mr. Cantalupo, the roster of countries with McDonald's restaurants rose to 118 from 47.
The agreement, whose terms were not disclosed, aims to encourage the development of devices that support Windows Media, thus giving musicians and record companies more incentive to release music in the Microsoft format.
Things started to change in Mr. Mansour's television life last fall when his cable provider, Time Warner Cable, introduced video on demand, which allowed him to watch ''The Sopranos'' and dozens of other programs and movies whenever he wanted.
Google and Yahoo Are Extending Search Ability to TV Programs
''The one unit of AT&T that remained intact during AT&T's divestiture of its regional operating companies,'' it adds, ''was Bell Laboratories, an organization with strong parallels to Microsoft as a whole.''
To be sure, Brian L. Roberts, the chairman and chief executive of Comcast, has not given up.
Though PeopleSoft has been able to meet its goals for most of the year since Oracle started its takeover attempt in June 2003, Mr. Conway said ''the extensive publicity of the antitrust trial during the last month of our quarter was impossible to completely overcome.''
The results of the research will be published and shared, said James Kaufman, a research manager in I.B.M.
This week, the lawyers representing the Minnesota consumers are focusing on Microsoft's efforts to undercut Go, a start-up company that was developing an operating system for hand-held computers.
The Advertising column in Business Day yesterday, about a lawsuit filed by Saatchi & Saatchi against a senior executive who was the global account director for the General Mills account, credited the agency with one campaign erroneously.
By creating its own separate bottling system, 12 years after Coca-Cola Enterprises was formed, Pepsi could considerably improve its efficiency in the soft-drink competition.
Still, Verizon Wireless is the first to make such services available in a large part of its territory.
Elaine Palmer, a spokeswoman for PepsiCo, said that while the company had never supported the idea of animal testing, ''We had not been policing it, so that part is new.''
University of Southern California scientists, reporting in journal Science, describe use of DNA pattern-matching system to try to solve math problems previously thought to be impossible to prove; say experiment demonstrates practical feasibility of new computational paradigm; photo (M)
Kazakhstan reaches agreement with international consortium led by ChevronTexaco over financing of major oil field, ending dispute that rose in November, when Western companies in consortium sought to finance $3.5 billion expansion of Tengiz oil field in western Kazakhstan, lartest single oil development is Caspin Sea basin, using project's oil revenues; Kazakhstan government protested, saying plan would bite into its tax receipts; consortium responded by shelving expansion plan; ChevronTexaco's vice chairman Peter Robertson says two sides agreed on funding plan; ChevronTexaco owns 50 percent of venture; other partners are Exxon Mobil, with 25 percent, and LukArco of Russia, with 5 percent; photo (M)
staff forwarded its recommendation for the antitrust suit to the commissioners last week, Intel officials met with the commission to voice their strong opposition.
The software, crucial to the e-commerce operations of many businesses, has become one of Oracle's most important products.
But I.B.M.
In this case, a settlement with Digital would enable Intel to eliminate another chip competitor.
The big legal issues, they say, are whether Microsoft's bundling of its Internet browser with its industry-standard Windows operating system was an illegal tying of two products and whether Microsoft's dealings with other companies was indeed ''monopolizing conduct,'' in legal parlance.
In its 30-page filing, Microsoft stated that the case ''went badly awry from the outset,'' referring to Judge Jackson's decision to permit the government to add additional evidence after the suit was filed in May 1998.
Oracle learned of Microsoft's overtures to SAP in Microsoft documents Oracle's lawyers received in pretrial discovery.
On Monday, Intel is planning to announce its newest foray into the home computing market, blending performance, wireless capability and multimedia audio, video and image features into a set of chips that will be at the core of the next-generation personal computer.
Today, Intel makes chips using 65-nanometer technology.
Flaws, Corning's chief financial officer.
''If the company intends to consider such draconian relief, Microsoft is entitled to address these new issues fully and completely.''
International Business Machines Corp is set to announce new generation of computer processors known as Power4; Intel Corp and Hewlett Packard Co will describe in detail at same industry forum their competing chip, formerly called Merced and now renamed Itanium; IBM stresses efficiently packaging data and increasing rate at which data move within processor by improving routes and shortening distances between transistors; has added memory to chip; Intel has adopted far more complex approach involving new processor architecture (M)
Delta and US Air, who for years, despite protests of Queens politicians and residents, used oldest and noisiest jetliners on hourly shuttles between La Guardia Airport and Boston and Washington, DC, announce that they will replace 30-year-old Boeing 727's with newest and most quiet airplanes available (S)
Microsoft Corp and Bristol Technology Inc agree to confidential settlement of dispute over antitrust and unfair trade practices; case had centered on 'software bridge' that Bristol developed to ease creation of programs that could run on Unix operating system and Microsoft's Windows NT (M)
This would prevent Microsoft from using Windows pricing to punish manufacturers who do not favor Microsoft products, a strategy that Microsoft also denies practicing.
Sony plans to introduce high-definition televisions powered by Cell in 2006, while I.B.M.
Costco has become one of America's largest retailers of Veuve Clicquot Yellow Label Champagne and of Dom Pérignon, probably the most famous name in Champagne.
The Molson name has been synonymous with beer for more than two centuries.
Pennsylvania Gov Edward Rendell, despite his objection to municipal Internet provision, signs new telecommunications law; law, considered victory for Verizon Communications, prohibits cities from building their own high-speed broadband data networks without first giving main local phone company right to build network within 14 months; dominant telecommunications provider in a region is required to provide high-speed Internet access across its territories over next decade; photo (M)
By the end of the year, Mr. Bryant said, Intel expects to have shipped millions of dual-core processors.
Acting on tips from outsiders as well as on information developed by its own security specialists, Xerox has been running makeshift sting operations throughout the country, buying products it suspects to be counterfeit and testing them in its labs.
Over the last seven years, Equity Office's total returns (share price plus dividends) were 138 percent, compared with 280 percent for Vornado, according to Keven S. Lindemann, the director of real estate for SNL Financial, a research company in Charlottesville, Va. During the same period, the SNL REIT office index grew by 166 percent.
As part of the settlement CBS agreed to restrict how stations handle listener contests and what benefits station personnel can receive.
Yahoo was first, with AOL in the middle.
Boeing has admitted that the strike has lengthened the time it takes to have engineering processes certified by qualified engineers.
A measure of how seriously Microsoft takes the challenge came last Thursday when it announced that its spending would rise sharply next year, about $2 billion higher than previous estimates.
But Mr. Spitzer said he would prefer to see Citigroup go further and lead by example.
But the top financial post at Citigroup differs from smaller brokerage houses in that the chief financial officer has little involvement in the bank's mammoth operating divisions, which tend to be run autonomously.
It seems doubtful that either the major media companies or the consumer electronics makers would allow themselves to become overly dependent on Microsoft technology.
Still, the company's statement said, ''In an abundance of caution and to avoid any further misconception, this company has adopted a policy that we will no longer encourage citizens to make their views known to Governor Bush on behalf of Microsoft or any other clients in the future.''
The decline was steeper than many analysts had predicted, and affected every division within Gap, from Old Navy to Banana Republic.
Halliburton booked a gain of $215 million from the sale.
Mr. Turner said that the new executive team would be filled with ''strong personalities,'' meaning there was ''potential for some friction,'' though he said he did not expect clashes to slow the new AOL Time Warner.
Interpublic Proxy to Include Proposal to Sell Company
Kodak has patents in every piece of equipment going out the door, and their ink and paper technology really is rocket science.
AT&T is proposing that the reverse split take effect after the Comcast deal is completed.
spending,'' Intel's chief executive, Craig R. Barrett, said in a statement referring to information technology spending.
Chances of Microsoft Accord in Europe Dim
Apple officials have said they will cut costs so that the company can break even on annual revenue of $8 billion, down from an earlier target of $9 billion.
To begin with, Vornado did not buy the buildings outright but instead acquired a group of foreign companies that, in turn, own a 70 percent stake in the buildings.
The new network, whose name, CW, is a combination of CBS and Warner, will begin operations on a new lineup of stations made up of the UPN group owned by CBS and outlets owned by WB's station partner, Tribune Broadcasting.
That, in addition to concerns about strengthening Boston Scientific, might persuade Johnson & Johnson to enter one more bid, some analysts say.
ChevronTexaco Picks WPP Units
Merck's indication that it may consider settling some cases comes less than a week after a jury in Angleton, Tex., found the company liable for the death of Robert C. Ernst, a 59-year-old man who died in his bed in 2001 after taking Vioxx for eight months.
Like other moguls in an era of intertwined alliances among media conglomerates, John F. Welch Jr., chairman of General Electric, faces some delicate decisions about the publication of his memoirs: how to promote his book without doing too many favors for his company's competition.
But Mr. Mott said he did not know whether Boeing's engineers prepared a third report.
's lawsuit is in federal district court in Atlanta, where a motion to dismiss, filed by Citigroup, is pending.
And in large part because of the government antitrust suit, Microsoft has been trying to make friends among the candidates, Republicans and Democrats alike.
said that by 1997 Xerox decided that it could no longer ascertain the value of the machines, and instead came up with a number of formulas to apportion the costs.
In his opening argument, Geoffrey Vos, a lawyer representing Apple Corps, dismissed the conduit argument, contending that the lack of ''interoperability'' with other companies' music stores undermined Apple Computer's stance.
Described by a resident Microsoft philosopher as ''classic MS reductivism'' and ''clearly an economical way of thinking since it eliminates all need to consider the vast gray area that occupies the psychic space of most issues and problems.''
Novell was left for dead years ago, another casualty of Microsoft's hegemony over computer operating systems.
Air fares -- which American Express says represent 42 percent of an average company's travel and entertainment costs -- are projected to rise 5 percent to 6 percent in 1998 over 1997 levels, which are the highest ever.
Intel and a rival, Advanced Micro Devices, cut prices throughout the year as demand waned.
YouTube said it would initially test the technology, called video fingerprinting, with a group of partners, including Disney and Time Warner, and planned to make it available more widely in the next few months.
Pfizer Inc, Johnson & Johnson and Bristol-Myers Squibb report strong gains in third quarter; Pfizer says operating income rose 36 percent, to $906 million; reports sales of $3.99 billion; Johnson & Johnson reports 14.4 percent increase in third-quarter earnings, to $1.1 billion; says revenue was $6.7 billion; consumer sales increased 14 percent, to $921 million; Bristol-Myers Squibb posts 14 percent gain in third-quarter earnings, to $1.09 billion; reports record third-quarter sales of $5 billion (M)
Less than two days later, the jury returned a verdict that was a major blow to Merck.
Buying a $1 billion stake in the Comcast Corporation is part of Microsoft's solution to that problem -- moving beyond personal computer software to become a media company for the 21st century, combining programming, technology and distribution.
Microsoft might allow hardware manufacturers to include an AOL icon in a ''start'' menu that will pop up from the lower left-hand corner of the screen in Windows XP.
''With this settlement, Morgan Stanley has taken an important leadership step in adopting progressive programs to promote diversity that should serve as a model for the financial services industry,'' it said.
Thanks to Java, a graphic artist with an Apple Macintosh computer running the Mac operating system, an engineer on a Sun Microsystems Sparc work station running a version of the Unix operating system and a student with a Pentium-chip personal computer running the Microsoft Windows operating system can all play poker with one another other on the Yahoo World Wide Web site.
Carnival Cruise Lines says there were 108 accusations of sexual assaults and sexual misconduct by crews aboard its ships during five-year period ending in August 1998, and not 62 incidents reported earlier; says increase of more than 70 percent reflects more thorough search of its records; provides first case-by-case breakdown of accusations, which includes 16 reports that passengers were raped by crew members and six cases in which crew members allege rape by fellow workers; recent efforts by cruise industry to defuse concern over rising crimes committed aboard vessels discussed; adoption of 'zero tolerance' policy for crimes noted (M)
The American International Group, one of the world's largest insurance companies, said yesterday that the Justice Department had begun a criminal investigation of one of its units over possible violations of federal securities laws.
Microsoft, which will have a stake of more than 10 percent in the combined company, Healtheon/WebMD, also pledged $100 million in advertising, which would be added to $40 million already committed for advertising by the DuPont Company.
First there was the EO Personal Communicator from AT&T, which was deemed so expensive and hard to use that it is no longer made.
The product announcements, Mr. Jobs said, are all intended to accelerate Apple's ''digital hub'' strategy.
But Pfizer's announcement is raising questions.
For McDonald's, the 'I'm lovin' it' phrase of its new campaign has crossed over into the mainstream.
A spokeswoman for Microsoft said the company had not yet seen the Pixel software, and could not comment on it.
The General Motors Corporation said last week that it had spent $1 billion more in 1997 on rebates and other incentives than it had expected to a year ago.
Calvin O. Butts III, the senior pastor at Abyssinian Baptist Church in New York, was joined by at least three City Council members at a demonstration outside CBS headquarters.
Now Corning is writing off inventory that it does not yet own, but that it knows it will never be able to sell.
Billboards proclaiming that Coca-Cola and barbecue are ''perfect together'' have popped up along the main roads, and Coke vending machines, some depicting North Carolina lighthouses on their broad fronts, are proliferating.
He stopped focusing on the wants and desires of the analysts and started worrying about the wants and desires of McDonald's customers.''
In eBay's new service, advertisers or their ad agencies will create auctions on the eBay Media Marketplace, then radio stations registered with Bid4Spots can make offers.
The uncharacteristic schedule slippage is particularly embarrassing for Apple, which is based in Cupertino, Calif., because it had previously poked fun at Microsoft's struggles to complete its Vista operating system.
The planes were allowed to fly despite falsified maintenance checks that included work by an Alaska Airlines supervisor who was ''not appropriately certified, properly trained or qualified to do so,'' the paper quoted the agency as saying.
''From a Honeywell bondholder's perspective, being bought by United Technologies would have been nice.
Almost six weeks after AOL and Time Warner announced their combination, the major firms have failed to produce a comprehensive look at the combined company's prospects.
Microsoft Corp reports income before accounting change of $2.58 billion for fiscal first quarter ended Sept 30, compared with $2.19 billion in quarter last year; revenue for quarter reached $5.8 billion, up from $5.38 billion a year ago; company's revenue growth, year to year, rose from 8 percent to 11 percent (M)
As they left the stage, Mr. Jobs warmly thanked the Microsoft executives.
Yahoo Inc, facing slowdown in overall economy and devastation among Internet companies, says its profits will fall 10 percent to 30 percent in 2001, sharp reversal from 34 percent growth analysts had expected; says that with $1.7 billion in cash and marketable securities, it has financial strength to make it through slowdown; posts loss of $97.8 million in fourth quarter, in contrast to profit of $37.7 million a year earlier; company earned $80.2 million in quarter, in line with analysts' estimates; Yahoo expects revenue of $220 million to $240 million for current quarter, roughly same as $230 million posted last year; says sales will be $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion for all of 2001 (Market Place column) (M)
The new advancement in manufacturing techniques and chip design will give the Intel ''the capacity to retake market share,'' said Paul S. Otellini, Intel's chief executive, speaking to reporters at the company's semiannual developers' conference.
Last week, Jon Elsen, The Post's business editor, said the newspaper's coverage of CNN had ''nothing to do'' with the feud.
In its brief, Microsoft quoted nearly all of it in arguing that the legal restraints on dominant firms are few, giving them much freedom to protect their product designs and copyright.
The blue-chip stocks that benefited from the day's optimism included General Motors, up $1.53, to $43.78; Home Depot, up $1.23, to $41.55; and Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing, up $2.30, to $110.50.
And despite the price cuts from Blockbuster and Netflix, Walmart.com's service remains the least expensive in at least one regard, Mr. Swint said.
EBay said yesterday that sellers on its auction site would be able to add a link to their listings allowing potential buyers to reach them through Skype, the Internet phone service.
Now there is no way for a commercial site to ask to be considered by Yahoo other than to pay that fee.
While the amount is small relative to other settlements on Wall Street, in which Morgan Stanley and other companies agreed to pay hundreds of millions of dollars in penalties for other violations, the latest penalty showed another category of violation that had not been known about: the firm and its top officials sold shares in companies it had taken public after publicly promising the shares would not be sold.
Apple Computer Inc. will disclose the details of its restructuring plan this week as the struggling company tries to cut its costs by 25 percent.
There are no innocents in the dispute that led Time Warner Cable to strip Cablevision's MSG Network, Fox Sports New York and Metro Channels from its cable systems in New York and New Jersey on Sunday, affecting 2.4 million subscribers.
Mr. Armstrong, who, since joining the company in 1997, had pursued a strategy of turning AT&T in a cable power, responded to his critics by announcing the breakup plan.
Correction:  October 1, 2002, Tuesday  An article in Business Day yesterday about efforts by Lotus Software to tie its products more closely to those of I.B.M., its corporate parent, misstated the year that Ray Ozzie, chief architect of Lotus Notes software, left the company.
Apple's new cordless keyboard and mouse work on Bluetooth wireless standard; they use technology known as adaptive freqency hopping, which excludes occupied channels, avoiding interference with other wireless devices in area; photo (M)
In addition, he said his union would commit $1 million to work with national and local groups to pressure Wal-Mart to improve wages and working conditions and to be a better neighbor.
Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson raises serious questions about Justice Department's bid to break Microsoft into 2 parts, seeming to suggest plan does not go far enough; lauds brief from group of computer industry executives suggesting breaking company into three parts; asks government to quickly revise antitrust remedy proposal; rejects Microsoft's bid for months of added hearings, surprising and upsetting company; photo (M)
American trade officials also made a link between this longstanding dispute and the relatively new one over subsidies to Boeing and Airbus.
The deal was sealed in a meeting at the Four Seasons Hotel in Seattle between Mr. Stonecipher and Mr. Condit, who will be the chairman of Boeing after the merger.
In 2003, ConAgra says, it abandoned a version of its Healthy Choice Chicken Noodle soup that had 360 milligrams of sodium per serving because sales were dismal.
Kent Kresa, the chairman and chief executive of Northrop Grumman, said his company bought Litton because it filled a crucial gap in Northrop's overall business.
Similarly, Microsoft has signaled its interest in entering the market for antivirus and security software, and continuing legal challenges to its bundling practice could affect Microsoft's plans in that market.
Some consumer products companies will have to invest millions of dollars to comply with Wal-Mart's drive to have every carton and palette it receives carry a radio identification tag, according to a report to be released today by A.T. Kearney, a consulting firm.
Boeing's ultimate weapon, of course, would be to hire Mr. Leahy away.
MORGAN STANLEY SETTLES BIAS SUIT WITH $54 MILLION
Putnam Investments' embattled chief executive Lawrence J Lasser resigns, less than week after federal and state securities regulators sued company and two of its portfolio managers for fraud; departure of Lasser, who is also director of Marsh & McLennan, was hastened by rising tide of customer defections from Putnam; regulators contend in their suits that Putnam engaged in securities fraud by failing to disclose to fund shareholders or to its board of trustees series of personal trades by six of its managers in nine funds; succeeding Lasser at Putnam is Charles E Haldeman; Marsh & McLennan also announces creation of two new positions; Steven Spiegel, Putnam's chief of global distribution, will become fund's vice chairman; A J C Smith will become chairman of Putnam; Marsh & McLennan chief executive Jeffrey W Greenberg says Marsh & McLennan and Putnam are committed to seeing that interests of Putnam's clients and investors are well served; portfolio managers who have left Putnam are Omid Kamshad, Geirulv Lode, Carmel Peters and Justin M Scott; Putnam reiterates it will make restitution to fund shareholders for losses caused by improper trading of fund managers, which it estimates at $700 million; Securities and Exchange Commission officials put gains of two fund managers at $1 million; photos (M)
For Amazon investors, the numbers that were released were clearly encouraging.
Morgan Stanley declined to comment.
Pfizer already sponsors the Nascar driver Mark Martin, and during many of the races provides a van where fans can receive free health screenings.
The Coca-Cola Company, breaking ranks with the vast majority of American companies, said yesterday that it would change its accounting so that its earnings reflect the value of the stock options it grants to executives and other employees.
If not, it may be tempting to simply jettison the online service -- which many Time Warner executives blame for the evaporation of much of their retirement savings -- before its value falls any further.
Yesterday, Merck's lawyers asked the judge in that case to postpone the trial, citing the publicity over last week's verdict in Texas.
EBay forces Kenneth Walton to sell HammerTap, company that sells software that scans eBay's past sales to predict future selling prices; Walton, who ran company anonymously, is awaiting sentencing for trying to sell fake Richard Diebenkorn painting on eBay for $135,000; prosecutors do not regard Walton's connection with HammerTap software as violation of his plea agreement to abstain from personal involvement in online auctions; photo (M)
Known for its marine-like marketing efficiency, Merck began shipping Vioxx to pharmacies two business days after it received F.D.A.
Over all, Mr. Rashtchy said, Yahoo's profit met Wall Street's expectations because lower-than-expected costs compensated for lower-than-expected revenue.
Our goal was to get Microsoft to play fair.''
announced yesterday a seven-year agreement to manage the computing systems of American Express.
''Consumers see Coca-Cola as the choice of the new generation,'' Mr. Willis said, intentionally evoking the old Pepsi campaign.
Kellogg to Review Marketing Programs
(After the younger Tiffany took over the business, he never allowed Farnham to exhibit his jewelry in international fairs.)
A.T.& T. has not sold debt since last summer, but Pacific Telesis recently sold a 35-year debenture at 7 1/8 percent and Bell of Pennsylvania sold a 10-year debenture at 6 1/8 percent.
In contrast, Private Capital Management, with 9.3 percent of PeopleSoft shares, reported that it has decided not to tender its shares to Oracle.
Max New York Life, an insurance joint venture, hired an American expatriate from Hong Kong to run its operations, and Lehman Brothers and Goldman Sachs moved expatriates from London and New York to develop their Indian businesses.
In the fall of 2005, Mr. Scott, the chief executive, vowed to reduce energy use in Wal-Mart's stores, improve the fuel efficiency of its trucks, minimize its use of packaging and pressure thousands of suppliers to follow its lead.
Next on the agenda, said Frederick Henderson, president of General Motors Asia/Pacific, would be ''getting the company back on its feet'' after its slide from its position as a close competitor of Hyundai Motor to a distant third place behind Hyundai and Kia Motors.
The merger talks began late last year, the terse statement explained, but Microsoft broke off the negotiations after weighing the ''complexity of the potential transaction'' and the management headaches of trying to put together two huge software companies.
Amazon does not disclose sales results for individual product categories, making it difficult for analysts to track the progress of its new stores.
The world's biggest software company, Microsoft, is still hiring new employees while sitting on nearly $40 billion in cash at its global headquarters just across Lake Washington.
Still, industry analysts were disappointed that I.B.M.
Microsoft rebuffed a public appeal by Mikhail Gorbachev on Monday for its chairman, Bill Gates, to intervene on behalf of a Russian school principal charged with software piracy.
But by the time you read this, Comcast expects to have about 380,000 subscribers switched successfully to Comcast.net.
The Chevrolet Aveo from General Motors, the Hyundai Accent and the Kia Rio also performed unacceptably in side-impact tests, even though side air bags are standard.
Germany's SAP will form technical partnership with MySQL, which makes increasingly popular open-source database program; goal of agreement is to enable SAP's software, which automates array of corporate operations, to run on MySQL database; SAP software already runs on databases made by Oracle, IBM and Microsoft (S)
Kellogg Co says it will phase out advertising its products to children under age 12 unless foods meet specific nutrition guidelines for calories, sugar, fat and sodium; also announces it will stop using licensed characters or branded toys to promote foods unless products meet nutrition guidelines; voluntary changes will be put in place over next year and half; Kellogg president-chief executive David Mackay says products that do not meet guidelines will either be reformulated so they do, or no longer be advertised to children; policy changes come 16 months after Kellogg and Viacom, parent of Nickelodeon, were threatened with lawsuit over their advertising to children by Center for Science in the Public Interest and Campaign for Commercial-Free Childhood, and two Massachusetts parents; Susan Linn, co-founder of Campaign for Commercial-Free Childhood, says Kellogg's decision to stop using licensed characters on sugary food is particularly significant; Michael F Jacobson of Center for Science in the Public Interest praises decision; Kellogg says it will introduce Nutrition at Glance labels on top right corner of cereal boxes this year; photos (L)
In return, Nextel will use software developed by Microsoft as a framework for delivering an even broader range of Internet-based services to its wireless users.
Goldman Sachs Group names Lloyd C Blankfein, Robert K Steel and Robert S Kaplan as vice chairmen, title that was held only by Robert Hurst; J Michael Evans, Eric Mindich and Eric Schwartz will succeed Steel, who has run stocks division since 1998 (M)
The company said the new process, which will run parallel to Intel's current manufacturing process, would produce chips that can reduce power ''leakage,'' or battery life drain, to as little as one-thousandth of current levels.
This week, two Morgan Stanley directors, John W. Madigan and Miles L. Marsh, met with more than 20 senior executives at the firm to better gauge sentiment.
Pres Bush dismisses pleas from some advocates of supply-side economics and names Stephen Friedman, former Wall Street investment banker, as his top adviser on economic policy; Friedman, 64, is former co-chmn of Goldman Sachs who once ran investment banking firm alongside Robert E Rubin; is named to head National Economic Council, replacing Lawrence B Lindsey; photo (M)
Actually, I.B.M.
''I have been told that some of these executives in fact hope to see the Justice Department pursue a further case against Microsoft but have chosen to join Mr. Gates on the stage today because they feel that they have little choice but do so in order not to jeopardize their relationship with the industry's most powerful and important player,'' Senator Hatch said in a statement issued on Wednesday.
The commission warned in April that the deal raised competition concerns but said yesterday that it had concluded that strong growth in the market and the absence of barriers to newcomers would provide sufficient competition for Carnival.
Some investors said yesterday it was the three blows together, against the backdrop of several failures to deliver expected earnings over three years, that jolted Aon's stock.
Mr. Jobs and Mr. Clow -- whose birthday is coincidentally Aug. 3 -- collaborated on Apple ads like the famous ''1984'' commercial when Mr. Jobs originally ran Apple and Mr. Clow was the top creative executive at the old Chiat/ Day agency.
WebHouse was set up as a separate venture precisely to shelter its risks and financial losses from Priceline, which is moving toward a profit.
But Mr. Gettelfinger sought simultaneous deals with Ford, Chrysler and General Motors, before the expiration of the contracts this past Sunday.
Speaking late Tuesday at the company's annual meeting with Wall Street analysts in Chicago, Motorola's president, Robert Growney, said estimates of $47 billion in sales and earnings of $1.43 a share next year were ''achievable'' and that the company was sticking with its forecast for profit of $1.05 a share on 39.5 billion in sales for 2000.
Two credit rating agencies, Standard & Poor's and Moody's, cut their debt ratings on the Russian oil company Yukos, citing concerns that the company may be forced into insolvency if the company has to pay a $3.5 billion tax penalty.
The Japanese subsidiary of the Exxon Mobil Corporation plans to eliminate 300 jobs, or 7.3 percent of its work force, by next June.
Intel Introduces Chips for Servers Using Pentium 4 Technology
Ajay Banga, a former PepsiCo executive who is now head of Citigroup's consumer businesses, was put in charge of the brand panel.
Wal-Mart declined to make its executives available for the Greenwald film, but it participated with the second film's director, Ron Galloway.
European regulators want Microsoft to reveal enough of the secret code that runs Windows to allow competitors to make server software that can run as smoothly with Windows as Microsoft's own server software.
Kodak has traditionally cushioned its employment blows, offering employees rich severance packages to leave on their own, and limiting actual dismissals.
John F. Welch Jr., the former chief of General Electric, has been looking into what would be a far less relaxing pursuit: running a newspaper.
The change in tone by the communications workers surprised Verizon executives, who early in the day were hinting that the talks might be nearing an end.
Chery has been at the center of disputes with General Motors and Volkswagen over whether it has copied their vehicle designs -- accusations that Chery has repeatedly denied.
For Kodak, the deal has symbolic as well as strategic value.
Large local phone companies like Verizon are seeking to compensate for the decline in conventional phone lines by investing in the wireless and Internet access businesses, he said.
A graduate of Boston College and the Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern, Ms. Schieffelin began her career at Morgan Stanley in 1986 and never left.
Mr. Reed was given authority over Citigroup's Internet strategy and other technology initiatives.
''Some of the stuff is a little redundant,'' said Sherralee Buzzell, a liaison between Symantec customers and engineers.
Vice Chairman of Chevron To Succeed Retiring Chairman
General Electric shares fell 60 cents, to $23.05.
Many industry executives and analysts have predicted that Intel will be forced to introduce an alternate high-performance chip, besides Itanium, to meet the competition from Advanced Micro Devices.
If Microsoft did agree to such a change, it would then have the difficult task of convincing the Justice Department that the change was real.
Laboratory Corp of America will market Myriad Genetics' tests for breast cancer and other diseases including colon cancer, melanoma and hypertension (S)
For a company that is selling sport utility vehicles and pickups at a blistering pace and making progress in cutting costs that were out of control a few years ago, General Motors offered investors an oddly mixed outlook today.
The investigators, from the General Accounting Office, said Pfizer, for example, had continued to make misleading claims in advertisements for its cholesterol-lowering drug Lipitor, despite several letters from the Food and Drug Administration in the last four years.
A spokesman for Bank of America declined to comment on Mr. McColl's contract.
In after-hours trading, I.B.M.
The executive, Lee Garfinkel, is spurning Publicis and defecting to an agency owned by a principal competitor, the Omnicom Group.
Though Intergraph asserted its patent rights with a number of computer companies, including I.B.M., it did not initially challenge Intel, which had become its key supplier.
I.B.M., Mr.
It is more likely though that Boston Scientific will acquire full control of Reva if further clinical trials are promising.
Pfizer took a $427 million charge in January against its fourth-quarter 2003 earnings to pay for the expected settlement.
Ultimately, video on demand poses the greatest threat to Netflix -- a fact Mr. Hastings is inclined to acknowledge.
Draft Direct Worldwide, part of the Interpublic Group of Companies, said yesterday that it would change its name to Draft Worldwide to reflect its recent expansion beyond direct marketing and into services like advertising and promotions.
More than 4,500 companies provide parts for the Boeing airplanes, and General Motors estimates that its joint venture will require $1.5 billion in American exports over five years.
Ms. Buhrig, the Sea Launch marketing head, said the investigating team included Loral, the satellite maker; Rocketdyne, an arm of Boeing specializing in engines; and the Defense Technology Security Administration, which helps guard military secrets as American defense contractors increasingly work with other countries.
So Mr. Malone has been eager for AT&T to give Liberty its independence.
As an independent company, Waste Management spent the early 1990's buying up hundreds of waste haulers and chemical waste treaters worldwide, only to shed many of them when they proved unprofitable.
In response to both the suit and the report last week in USA Today, AT&T has affirmed its vigilance about its customers' privacy but would not comment on matters of national security.
And in striking an alliance with Disney, Mr. Jobs said Apple had decided against approaching the industry broadly, seeking to maintain secrecy.
Microsoft said the letter would prove that ''Netscape itself has already conceded that it is impossible to remove Internet Explorer technologies from Windows 98 without causing serious damage to the operating system.''
But Mr. Hoagland, who is the director of the Institute for Information Storage Technology at Santa Clara University and who in the 1950's was one of the developers of the original I.B.M.
John Brockman, author of ''The Third Culture'' (Simon & Schuster, 1995), which argues that the values and ethos of science and technology are trivialized even as the fields themselves become central to American life, says of Microsoft employees: ''They're operating in a mindset that's outside the tautological knowledge structure of most of the people who run the country.
Intel chief executive Paul Otellini, addressing financial analysts in New York, says company plans sweeping reorganization aimed at greater efficiencies and reduced costs after decline in quarterly profit and loss of market share; company executives say Intel ended quarter with excess inventory of several million units but express confidence that they can get inventory levels back to normal this year; photo (M)
Fidelity Investments, the giant mutual fund manager, and the Charles Schwab Corporation, the biggest online brokerage firm, are experimenting with baskets of stocks they can sell to investors who want an alternative to owning mutual funds or individual stocks in traditional brokerage accounts.
In most cases, according to industry analysts, Apple does not take part in these promotions, and sponsors typically pay retail prices for the iPods.
Yahoo, which was once one of the few money-making Internet companies, said yesterday that it lost $48.5 million in the second quarter.
So what does this mean for Wal-Mart's upscale designer-inspired ambitions, which promised to nudge shoppers who dwelled in the land of $5 shampoo into the territory of $31 trench coats by Mark Eisen?
To that end, Amazon said last week that it would lay off 150 people, 2 percent of its work force.
Mr. Meyer and Dwight M. Owsen, a doctoral student at the University of Portsmouth in Britain, have recently written papers criticizing Coca-Cola's accounting.
Ending one of the most rancorous negotiations in the history of cable television, Time Warner Inc. and the Walt Disney Company completed a deal that allows the cable company to continue carrying Disney's ABC television stations for the next six years.
''That issue is still up for grabs,'' said Michael R. Masinter, a law professor who specializes in Disabilities Act and civil rights issues for Nova Southeastern University, in Fort Lauderdale, Fla. Mr. Masinter said the Target suit, since it involved an offline merchant's online operations, would not address that issue.
I.B.M.
Lack of competition on many Union Pacific routes has left customers with no alternatives, he said.
General Motors Corp opens $600 million subcompact car plant in Rio Grande do Sol, Brazil (S)
Wal-Mart brings up the rear with 16,000 movies.
In Japan, the demise of the Goldman Sachs Moon trading system, which it ran with DLJ Direct SFG Securities, a joint venture of Credit Suisse First Boston and Sumitomo Bank; E*Trade Securities; and Matsui Securities, is also a blow for brokers hoping to create 24-hour global trading systems.
It gave Vornado 20 days to sign a contract, or the authority would open talks with the other bidders.
They spoke of the ''window wars'' of those years and had headlines like ''Microsoft Does Windows.''
''It's fair to say that most investors would look quit favorably on Time Warner reducing its exposure to cable.
He also hired new designers for his Gap and Banana Republic brands.
Some telecommunications executives think that after the Comcast deal is completed, the remaining AT&T could be an attractive acquisition target for a big local-service phone company like SBC Communications.
The system, to be used by MSN, is meant to improve on those of Microsoft's rivals by allowing marketers to aim ads on Web search pages to users based on their sex, age or location.
The headliner for that event will be a perennial star of the Forbes 400 pop charts: Mr. Gates, Microsoft's chairman.
He has complained on the air of scolding by CBS executives, and he said that he was ill prepared to take on the mantle of a major morning talk show.
Despite strong anti-Microsoft sentiments, however, the company, based in Redmond, Wash., still has many friends and allies in the Valley.
Bob Pittman, America Online's president, who was a top executive at Time Warner in the early 1990's, called on old friends.
employees who will switch to AT&T are equally distributed among Somers, N.Y.; Schaumburg, Ill., and Tampa, Fla., an I.B.M.
Last month, as Microsoft and the government argued the antitrust case before a federal appeals court, Mr. Reback was hard at work in the Voxeo offices.
Smaller, more efficient and comfortable twin-aisle airplanes are the way to do this, Boeing says.
But Amazon did so well that it made a profit by all of these standards.
More than anything, though, acquiring Guidant was seen as a decisive answer to questions from restive Boston Scientific shareholders about how the company intended to cope with slowing sales as earnings growth slowed for its flagship product, the drug-coated Taxus stent.
In addition to its problems in Europe, McDonald's said its first-quarter results would be hurt by the rise in the value of the dollar against several currencies, especially the euro, the British pound and the Japanese yen.
Thus Con Edison is in a strong position as states in the Northeast allow customers to choose their electricity provider.
Their Windows XP Service Pack 2, which was released to computer makers last week and will soon be more widely available to XP users, includes an improved version of Internet Explorer that blocks pop-ups, stymies spyware and addresses recent security concerns, said Gary Schare, Microsoft's director of security product management for Windows.
More than 80 percent of the routers connected to the Internet are Cisco machines.
Microsoft plans to announce a partnership today with AT&T Wireless Services to offer wireless software and services, a person close to the talks said last night.
When he became chief executive of Bank of America four years ago, he promised to steer the company away from the frenetic takeover activity that had become its trademark.
Questions about who knew what, and when, continue to dog the Walt Disney Company, which disclosed on Monday that its board had been advised of an overture to enter merger talks with the Comcast Corporation ahead of a $54 billion bid.
Billings on the account, which had been handled by the Rapp Collins Worldwide unit of Omnicom Group in New York, were estimated at $20 million.
Prudential Said to Be in Talks for Cigna Unit
The five-year deal gives Bank of America bragging rights as the ''Official Bank of Major League Baseball.''
Last year, Mr. Murdoch told his children that he wanted to change the trust to give his two daughters by Ms. Deng, Grace, 3, and Chloe, 2, a greater role in the trust, which currently has an interest in the News Corporation worth $6.1 billion.
The company's WSJ.com is the largest paid Web site of any newspaper, with more than 700,000 subscribers, and it also owns the financial site Marketwatch.com.
The I.B.M.
Intel controls more than 80 percent of the market for the microprocessor brains of computers.
Citigroup decides to streamline its businesses under Citibrand with simple stylized arc over its name; will sell its signature umbrella logo to St Paul Travelers Cos, insurance company that previously used logo; photo (M)
Kodak executives, many of whom turned up for a meeting with analysts in New York yesterday, rushed to put a positive spin on the continuing transformation.
Yahoo had continued to support a very different approach, called Domain Keys, that is more technically powerful but would take longer to carry out.
Two analysts, Douglas M. Arthur of Morgan Stanley Dean Witter and Lauren Rich Fine of Merrill Lynch, both said that the industry's sharp advertising downturn in December had seemed to ease slightly in January.
US Airways faces a threat to its survival from Southwest Airlines, soon to invade its Philadelphia hub, and needs to clinch a third round of labor contract concessions quickly, the airline's chief executive said yesterday.
Mr. Yang would consult with Mr. Semel on matters of strategy and  represent Yahoo to investors and business partners.
Mario Mazzola, former vice president for Cisco's new business ventures group, will oversee the 11 technology groups.
Mr. Baker, who had been publicly skeptical that Yahoo could make a big business out of fee-based services says that the company appears to have proved him wrong.
Top donors to the convention included Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg, who was the largest single giver, donating $5 million in cash and also paying for $2 million in legal and accounting services; David Rockefeller, who contributed $5 million; Goldman Sachs, which gave $1.15 million; Merrill Lynch, which gave $1.1 million; and I.B.M., which provided $2.45 million in computer equipment and services.
We view the creative aspect as more in keeping with a video, but it's most important that it's seen and enjoyed by the audience for MTV and the audience for Nike, which are very similar.''
Sales Abroad Help Amazon Post a Profit In 1st Quarter
Fighting to defeat the government's proposal to break the company in two, Microsoft plans to ask the trial judge next week for broad authority to obtain hundreds of pages of government records on the case, and for permission to summon witnesses to argue that the proposal is unwarranted and out of bounds.
In testimony before the House Armed Services Committee yesterday, the General Accounting Office estimated that the price of each 767 would be $173 million, not the $138 million put forth by the Air Force and Boeing.
In an interview yesterday, Charles H. Noski, AT&T's chief financial officer, said he did not expect the shrinkage at the consumer unit to stop for ''a few years.''
Tom Miller, the attorney general for Iowa, one of the states that joined the Justice Department in suing Microsoft, said in an interview that the decision ''clearly calls into question'' the software bundling moves Microsoft plans to make in Windows XP, which is to be introduced in October.
''It wouldn't surprise me to see Yahoo join forces with MySpace or another large portal like an AOL,'' Mr. Rohan said.
On Monday, Oracle plans to announce its fourth-quarter earnings, with industry analysts expecting it to report operating earnings of 14 cents a share.
But executives at CNN emphasized that the chief executives at both AOL and Time Warner had given complete assurances that CNN's journalistic mission would not be compromised.
''Chevron has a good view on natural gas,'' and has been seeking to build up that part of its business, he added.
Under the settlement announced yesterday, the terms of the customer assurance program, if PeopleSoft decides to extend it after June 30, will be limited to actions by Oracle.
The accumulation of that stake and the threat that Mr. Malone could use it to challenge Mr. Murdoch's control led News Corporation to enact a contentious poison pill a couple of years ago.
General Motors announces three-year plan of 5,000 more jobs cuts in addition to 25,000 previously announced, but analysts say blueprint lacks speed and breadth that helped rivals make comebacks; chief executive Rick Wagoner expresses confidence that restructuring will help reverse more than $2 billion in losses this year; cuts and closing of all or parts of dozen installations will still leave GM with more capacity than sales; analysts warn that such inefficiency, along with hesitant leadership, lackluster designs and costly health and pension plans still put GM at disadvantage; photos; map; graphs; Toyota alone is building two more North American plants and rivals Carlos Ghosn at Nissan and Dieter Zetsche at Chrysler have rolled out popular new models and cut spending steeply; Wagoner does not say when GM expects to make money again or how much savings revamping will yield; Wall Street is unimpressed and shares decline modestly; Wharton professor John Paul MacDuffie observes that Wagoner, in post five years, was trained for era when GM intimidated competitors; rivals now have clear identities, commitment to environmentally friendly products and customers who do not need incentives to buy; GM to close assembly plants in Oklahoma City, Lansing, Georgia and Ontario and close assembly line at Saturn's Tennessee plant, known for labor-management cooperation; expects jobs cuts by attrition including retirements and buyout packages being negotiated with UAW (M)
The plane will be rolled out at Boeing's plant in Everett, Wash., on July 8; that is not the date for the inaugural flight.
Speculation at the Walt Disney Company has already begun about who will take the place of Paul Pressler, the former chairman of Walt Disney Parks and Resorts, who is leaving to become chief executive of the Gap.
The News Corporation began using better encryption technology, which it says has greatly reduced such piracy.
Oracle is moving into the content management business from its mainstay database business.
Morgan Stanley May Face Sex-Discrimination Suit
Many analysts are also expecting the company to counter Intel's pricing moves with price cuts of its own.
In addition to the B-2, Northrop Grumman today is the prime contractor or principal subcontractor for the Navy F/A-18 attack plane, the F-14 fighter, the Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System, the E-2C Hawkeye airborne radar and command plane and the EA-6B electronic warfare craft.
Other grammarians say the problem is not so much Microsoft as it is that understanding natural language is a hard problem and that competent grammar checking may await the arrival of versatile speech recognition.
Indeed, the group's role in opposition to Mr. Purcell will very likely reach its peak next year at the time of Morgan Stanley's annual meeting.
Interpublic Group of Companies acquires True North Communications in deal valued at $2.1 billion; deal lifts Interpublic to estimated $6.7 billion in revenue from $5.2 billion and estimated $62.5 billion in billings from $48.2 billion (M)
Robert Glaser, former Microsoft Corp executive and chairman of fast-growing software company Real Networks Inc, testifies at Senate Judiciary Committee hearing that Microsoft introduced competing product that crippled his company's most recent technology; complaint appears particularly intriguing because it comes from a company with close ties to Microsoft--and one that is engaged in promising niche of Internet software market in which Government is investigating Microsoft tactics; photo (M)
''Supply issues are for Apple a minor problem compared to demand issues,'' Mr. Wolf said.
But Mr. Gilmartin smoothly parried Mr. Lanier's questions, saying that Merck had disclosed all its information about Vioxx to the F.D.A., even if it did not always provide the agency with its internal analysis of that information.
On the entertainment side, CBS was set to go into the fall season as the most watched network in prime time.
Carnival had no comment on whether it made an offer for Princess, but The Daily Mail in London said that Carnival had offered $11 billion for the cruise line, which has a 15.5 percent market share with nine ships and seven on order.
Morgan Stanley has said the decline is in part a result of the revamping of its training program.
Though Mr. Molson was widely identified with Montreal's English-speaking establishment, he was fluent in French and in 1976 told the Canadian Senate, of which he was a member for 38 years, that he was ''in complete sympathy'' with making French the primary language of Quebec.
Earlier in the day, Dr. Tevanian elaborated on his charge that Microsoft tried to force Apple to stop developing its Quicktime software for use on Windows computers.
and millions of customers,'' Louis V. Gerstner Jr., the chairman of I.B.M., said in a statement.
''But people are shocked because until recently Kodak was neither willing to license its technology, nor dead set on protecting it.''
Mr. Otellini, who took over as Intel's chief executive in May, said it would be ''simplistic'' if the revamping was limited to a reduction of Intel's work force.
She took advantage of holiday shopping bonuses at the online shopping mall run by American Airlines' frequent-flier program.
An Exxon Mobil spokesman said yesterday that the company had not been served with the lawsuit and did not have confirmation that it had been filed.
Investment banks still get large percentage of fees from debt and equity underwriting, but investment banking arms of commercial banks, notably Citigroup, have made significant inroads into field; J P Morgan Chase vice chairman Marc Shapiro and Merrill Lynch & Co chairman David H Komansky comment; chart; photos (M)
The deal would significantly expand Prudential's retirement and investment business, making it one of the leaders in the field -- a goal of Arthur F. Ryan, the chief executive of Prudential.
A federal judge would presumably weigh the likelihood that Windows XP violates the law, and the anticompetitive harm that would result from allowing Microsoft to proceed, against the economic harm that might result from forcing changes in Windows XP.
It is unclear how much News Corporation is investing, but one person close to the talks estimated it was $50 million or more.
''At a time when cynicism in sports is at an all-time high, 'I Can' is an effort to return to a focus on the positive,'' Bob Wood, vice president for product marketing at Nike in Beaverton, Ore., said.
Lockheed and BAE Systems lost a June 2001 competition when Ms. Druyun surprised the military industry by awarding a C-130 software upgrade contract to Boeing over three competitors.
General Motors to Sell Consumer Auto Loans to Bank of America
A similar suit was also dismissed by another judge against Credit Suisse First Boston, Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley.
Late in June, Adobe Systems filed a complaint with the F.B.I.
Juniper Networks, the smaller rival of Cisco Systems in the market for Internet routers, today reported second-quarter earnings that edged past Wall Street's already diminished expectations.
TO position itself as a company on the cutting edge of electronic commerce, I.B.M.
In a report released yesterday, a securities analyst said a flaw in Intel's motherboard design for Microsoft's forthcoming Xbox game console could set back the initial manufacturing schedule, but Microsoft repudiated the report.
Whole Foods, a chain of 187 supermarkets nationwide that carries a high proportion of sustainable and organic foods, sells other fish, including wild Alaskan salmon, that have the Marine Stewardship Council's certification.
There was no effort by Microsoft to dissuade Netscape from creating a browser for Windows 95.
Eleven shareholder suits have been filed since July, accusing Xerox directors of lax oversight in Mexico.
Verizon Communications may spin off its Verizon Information Services directories division rather than sell it in order to save taxes; many private equity firms have expressed interest in purchase of unit which publishes Verizon SuperPages in 35 states but none have offered high enough price to offset taxes that would follow sale; group would become independent and publicly traded company after it was spun off (M)
Crippling strikes at General Motors parts factories have left the United Automobile Workers union and G.M.
The McDonnell and Rockwell deals are likely to help Mr. Condit reach his goal of smoothing out Boeing's cycle of booms and busts.
He called the Treasury Department last fall to see if there was anything the Bush administration could do to save Enron, a major Citigroup borrower and client.
Although the budget for the campaign is not being disclosed, General Motors spends about $150 million to $200 million each year to advertise Buick models in major media.
In the wake of Claritin's conversion to over-the-counter status, insurers have been increasing patients' copayments for Allegra and Zyrtec from Pfizer, hoping to nudge doctors and patients to use Claritin.
In essence, Qwest was simply meeting the demands of MCI's board, which told Qwest in early April that if it hoped to surpass Verizon, it had to clear several hurdles, including a $30-a-share bid.
While avoiding criminal charges, Boeing will agree to ''accept responsibility,'' the Justice officials said, for the actions of its employees.
''I wish Apple's only problem was advertising,'' he said in an interview with Bloomberg News, adding that Apple executives ''are trying to hold body and soul together until they can get their next-generation technology out.''
A flier accompanying the paychecks of Time Warner Cable's Houston employees this month offered them a choice of free Internet service or the chance to win $100.
Earlier, Boeing shares rose 25 cents, to $46, on the New York Stock Exchange.
Marc Greenberg, an analyst at Deutsche Bank, said Wal-Mart wants to strengthen Powerade's position in the sports drink market, which is dominated by Gatorade with its 80 percent market share.
Yahoo continued to ride growth of online advertising in third quarter, but more than half its profit in quarter came from success of its rival Google; reports profit of $253 million, nearly three times figure from year earlier; of that, $129 million came from its sale of Google shares during that company's initial public offering and tax breaks associated with sale; earned $124 million in quarter; revenue was $655 million, up 84 percent (M)
Intel Corp reports profits rose about 25 percent in first quarter on high demand for chips for notebook computers and mobile devices; strong showing beats Wall Street's forecasts; reports net income of $2.15 billion compared with $1.73 billion year earlier; revenue rose 17 percent over last year, to $9.4 billion, from $8.1 billion; chief financial officer Andy Bryant says worldwide demand for computer chips seems pretty solid (M)
Next year's revenue will include processor sales to Apple Computer, which earlier this fall announced that it would switch from using Motorola processors to Intel processors in its Macintosh computers.
Mr. Jobs said the company has a 70 percent share of commercial music downloads and also dominates the digital music player market, selling about 31 percent of all players and, because Apple's players are more expensive than competitive models, garnering about 55 percent of revenues.
And the company's strategy of growing through relentless store openings -- about 300 a year for the last decade -- has begun to hurt the retailer as much as help it by siphoning away sales from other Wal-Marts nearby.
The expansion into spirits is part of a diversification strategy by Starbucks, of Seattle.
Moreover, the News Corporation, Viacom and Disney are now cleared to buy their way into the cable business.
Mr. Spitzer said that Canary entered into a quid pro quo agreement with Bank of America's fund business that allowed Canary to buy and sell fund shares after the market had closed and then trade them the next day for a substantial profit.
General Motors posted a 2.6 percent drop in sales for July from its record level a year earlier, as a 22.8 percent jump in sales of small Saturn cars failed to offset weak sales of minivans, small pickup trucks and large sport utility vehicles.
Staples Inc and Office Depot Inc, asserting Federal antitrust officials do not understand office supply business, vow to 'vigorously contest' the Federal Trade Commission's decision to challenge their proposed merger (M)
Xerox, which is based in Stamford, Conn., is sending those signals internally, too.
A Wal-Mart spokeswoman, Beth Keck, declined to comment on the Trust-Mart transaction.
Intel has been losing market share to Advanced Micro, which is also delivering higher-performing chips that are more power-efficient.
Amazon stock is down on the news, but the employees -- at least the ones not being laid off -- have reason to be happy.
Cliff Freeman & Partners in New York won Best of Show in the broadcast category for a humorous television campaign for the Fox Sports cable network, which is owned by the News Corporation.
Employment in Renton, now home to Boeing's commercial jetliner division, has risen and fallen along with military spending and airline orders over the years.
Yet currency gains, from the weakness of the dollar, magnified I.B.M.
Adobe's Deal for Macromedia May Help It Fend Off Microsoft
Remarks on Microsoft Case Mostly Oppose Settlement
Gary Schneider, an analyst at Bear, Stearns & Company, said Wall Street ''clearly underestimated the progress made by Eastman Kodak in bringing costs down and increasing productivity.
In a Texaco Deal, Chevron Wants Control
NCR built a large family of microprocessor-based computers that were intended to help AT&T integrate computing with communications.
As it did in Britain, Ranbaxy is arguing in the case in Delaware that Pfizer's basic patents on Lipitor, whose active ingredient is a chemical called atorvastatin, are invalid.
Criticism of Wal-Mart's labor practices, especially its anti-union stance and relatively low wages, has fueled local opposition to plans to build stores in some areas.
Intel appears set to build chip fabrication plant in northern China, move that would mark major milestone in countries' trade relations and could improve Intel's competitiveness as it moves operations closer to its biggest customers (M)a
Boeing and Lockheed Martin, through an equal equity stake in United Space Alliance, are the main contractors for the shuttle program.
Even if Vodafone is able to extract itself from its relationship with Verizon Wireless on good terms, Vodafone would still have to pay more than Cingular, which has every reason to pay the most.
It happened that Citigroup would not be well served, either.
Goldman Sachs Group hires Alison J Mass, high-ranking employee in investment banking operation at Merrill Lynch, for new senior executive position to manage company's relationship with corporate and institutional clients worldwide (S)
Microsoft Corp names Richard E Belluzzo, who has been group vice president overseeing deelopment of Windows.NET operating platform and MSN Network of Web sites for 18 months, to be its president and chief operating officer; appointment gives clearest signal yet that future of computing, and Microsoft's future, lies beyond personal computer, foundation of its business and still source of about 70 percent of its revenue; Belluzzo succeeds Robert J Herbold, who is retiring; Microsoft confirms Justice Department has opened new inquiry into company's $135 million investment in Corel Corp, rival software maker; photo (M)
''As a mainstream shopping destination, the eBay marketplace was affected by the same delay in holiday shopping that occurred in much of offline retail.''
In his antitrust ruling against Microsoft, federal Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson argued that a crucial barrier confronting the company's potential competitors are the 70,000 programs written to run solely on the Windows operating system.
''There is no doubt that by having the Johnson & Johnson and Guidant sales force selling Cypher, there will be more Cyphers sold, period,'' said Daniel Lemaitre, an analyst with Merrill Lynch.
Wal-Mart's power helps consumers as the company pushes manufacturers and suppliers to reduce prices on many items.
Carnival, based in Miami, is the largest cruise line, with 44 ships and 61,000 berths.
Analysts had expected Oracle to earn 13 cents a share, according to First Call/Thomson Financial.
There would be some advantages to building in this country, near Intel's other factories, Mr. Otellini said.
Interpublic is discussing the timing of Mr. Nelson's departure, Mr. Roth said.
On Wednesday, A.T.& T. and McCaw face another legal milestone.
Judge Jackson issued his order after the Government contended that Microsoft was improperly leveraging its monopoly of operating systems to try to dominate browser software, the programs that are used to navigate the Internet's World Wide Web.
However, because the voice stream information travels as data, the phones can offer companies added flexibility, according to Cisco.
The Venezuelan company's largest shareholders are Verizon Communications, the largest local telephone company in the United States, and Telefónica S.A., Spain's telecommunications giant.
Starting with MCI, which introduced its Neighborhood plan in April 2002, most leading phone companies -- AT&T, BellSouth, Qwest Communications, SBC Communications and Verizon -- have rolled out programs that allow customers in some states to make unlimited local and national calls for one flat monthly price.
Mr. Scott said Wal-Mart was proud of the changes it could afford to make, like allowing the children of part-time workers to enroll in the company's health insurance plan, reducing the two-year waiting period before a part-time worker could quality for benefits and opening 59 health clinics in its stores.
Howell was a line attorney at Apple who prepared documents at the request of her superiors'' and that ''at no time did she act alone, or without direction from Apple management.''
Dow Jones industrial average set yet another closing high in third quarter, just ended, but some of its component shares faltered; several large multinationals, including Eastman Kodak, Procter & Gamble and Coca-Cola, ended quarter lower than when it started; Dow ended quarter up 3.55 percent, slightly below its 4.02 percent increase in comparable quarter year ago, and full percentage point below its move in first quarter of this year; blue chips' performance is nowhere near as robust as their performance in second quarter, when Dow soared 16.5 percent; analysts find hopeful signs for near-term stock outlook in strong performance of other market sectors, especially stocks of small companies (M)
The Justice Department brief also accuses Mr. Gates and other Microsoft executives of ''attempting to rewrite history'' in their pretrial testimony.
Three months ago, when Berkshire filed its disclosure form for the first quarter, the public form showed the company had reduced its stake in Wells Fargo by 300,000 shares, to 6.99 million, or 7.8 percent of the outstanding shares.
''This is a terrible shock to this system, but they're McDonald's and the restaurants will open.''
In response to this international boom, companies like Yahoo, Amazon, and eToys have created local versions of their sites that include specialized information in the appropriate language.
That problem is mostly behind it, according to company executives, who predicted I.B.M.
Officials of the Nasdaq called Yahoo executives yesterday morning, but they were not available that early in their Santa Clara, Calif., headquarters.
In fact, Mr. Baer says, Intel's decision to punish the three manufacturers was done only to compel the companies to settle their patent dispute on Intel's terms.
For example, General Magic is selling a second generation of Magiccap communication devices that can be used with Windows CE, Microsoft's consumer electronics version of Windows, and it is developing a telephone device based on Internet protocols.
Carrie Peters, a spokeswoman for Amazon, said, ''We don't encourage anyone to impersonate anybody on our site.''
Finnish paper company Stora Enso will acquire Consolidated Papers Inc in deal valued at $3.9 billion, plus assumption of $900 million in debt; merged company's combined sales of $13.2 billion in 1999 places it distant second in revenue to International Paper Co; new company will probably be world's largest producer in terms of paper tonnage; more mergers in industry are anticipated; photo of George Mead of Consolidated and Jukka Harmala of Stora Enso (M)
''Rather than reorganizing Microsoft into only a Windows company and a single applications company,'' the brief said, ''the court should supplement plaintiffs' proposed final judgment by separating the Internet Explorer product and personnel into a third, independent company.''
Both pleaded with Boeing to reconsider.
Comcast has repeatedly indicated in talks with investors over the last two days that it has no plans to sweeten its offer for the Walt Disney Company, and many of them seem certain that the company is playing a waiting game.
Sergio Zyman, former senior vice president and chief marketing officer at Coca-Cola Co, is named to board of Launch Media Inc, new media entertainment company specializing in music (S)
Under the second order, Microsoft must sell a version of Windows that is not bundled with its Media Player music and video software, alongside the bundled version it currently sells.
Economics, he insisted, were not a deciding factor, noting that Johnson & Johnson did not hesitate to withdraw a popular heartburn drug, Propulsid, when it was linked to dozens of deaths two years ago.
And Time Warner's bargaining for tax breaks may not be over.
While the trend could be considered an opportunity for Microsoft, which has long been the leading operating-system company, Linux has actually become the favored software used on the clusters.
Yesterday, Citigroup brokered the sale of $4.1 billion in debt for Fannie Mae that may have pushed it back ahead of Merrill.
To restore competition in the market for audio-  and video-playing software, European regulators have proposed two solutions: either Microsoft must stop selling its Media Player as a package with its Windows operating systems, or Windows should be forced to carry a competing product as well.
Both the gifts and alleged affair violate Wal-Mart's ethics policies.
Other competitors have accused Intel of violating antitrust laws, but those claims appeared tainted, and weakened because no customers would testify.
Verizon May Write Down Big Fiber Optic Investment
Yahoo's share price was $148 three weeks ago, but has fallen steadily.
Mr. Gerstner also broke down the fiefs within I.B.M.
Starbucks Coffee Co announces five-year, $100 million agreement to equip its Seattle headquarters with Compaq computers, servers and storage systems, and make Compaq's handheld computer, iPaq, available for Starbucks customers to try new high-speed wireless network in coffeehouses (S)
Since 1997, McDonald's share of the fast food market has fallen more than 3 percent, according to Technomic, a market research firm.
Yahoo met profit expectations because it postponed some hiring and advertising spending.
Boeing denies that.
But they are notable because Mr. Redstone, who is 84, has been a reluctant seller of shares and an ebullient champion of Viacom's prospects.
These are not the type of people posting their résumés on big online employment boards like Monster or HotJobs on Yahoo, she said.
But as often happens when companies announce layoffs, AT&T's stock price jumped $1.25 yesterday, closing at $64.50 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Joel I Klein, Assistant Attorney General in charge of Justice Dept's antitrust division, is chief architect of Government's case against Microsoft Corp; Klein's recent decision to escalate fight by asking judge to hold Microsoft in contempt, and to give him authority to review future Microsoft products in advance, has surprised some lawyers and antitrust experts; Klein's confirmation as Assistant Attorney General had been opposed by some Senate Democrats and some consumer groups, who said Klein was weak on enforcing antitrust law; Microsoft has arrayed impressive legal team to fight case, led by William H Neukom, company's senior vice president for law and corporate affairs; in addition to 70-member in-house legal department, Microsoft has retained Sullivan & Cromwell and Covington & Burling for antitrust case; photo (M)
Traffic increased even more quickly, with Yahoo's page views reaching 465 million a day in December 1999, compared with 167 million in December 1998.
Morgan Stanley, struggling to restore some shine to its tarnished legal reputation, has named a senior lawyer from the firm of Shearman & Sterling to oversee the firm's regulatory and legal matters.
The shares of Procter & Gamble gained $1.18 yesterday, to close at $54.66.
Apple's agreement to make Internet Explorer its preferred browser was part of the deal in which Microsoft agreed to produce its Office suite for Macintosh customers, invested $150 million in Apple and settled several longstanding patent disputes.
The receivership proceedings could affect talks with General Motors, but they may also help pave the way for the sale of Daewoo Motor.
The Orion contract calls for Lockheed Martin to get $3.9 billion through 2013 for designing, developing, testing and evaluating the new craft and building two for initial flights into space.
I.B.M.
Motorola also warned that its efforts to get earnings and revenue growth back on track might not bear visible fruit before the middle of next year.
Neither AT&T nor America Online would divulge details on the financial aspects of their nonexclusive arrangement, which will allow AT&T Worldnet subscribers to tap into America Online's content beginning this summer.
Intel delivers forceful defense of its advanced Itanium microprocessor, declaring chip well on its way to success despite considerable skepticism in computer industry; enthusiastic assessment from Intel executives seems to make it less likely that company will soon hedge its bet by offering alternative design; many industry executives and analysts have predicted that Intel will be forced to introduce alternate high-performance chip, besides Itanium, to meet competition from Advanced Micro Devices (M)
The most important foreign part of I.B.M.
Pfizer lost $2, to $38.95, and Bristol-Myers Squibb closed at $58.25, down $1.15 a share.
As a result, consumers buying services from AT&T, BellSouth and Cingular are unlikely to see much immediate impact.
Last June, Durk I. Jager quit as Procter & Gamble's chief executive, after a failed attempt to create a new budgeting process and reorganize the company in order to bring products to market faster lead to over spending.
Analysts say that the Celeron, Intel's low-end response to the K-6 and Cyrix chips, was too little, too late.
Microsoft appealed last year's antitrust ruling to the Court of First Instance in Luxembourg.
Pfizer hopes to win approval by showing that a combination of torcetrapib and Lipitor can reduce the formation of plaque in the arteries.
''All of these Valley companies just wish they were Microsoft, and they would be just as bad,'' said David Bunnell, publisher of Upside, a technology trade journal.
Softbank has been under pressure to raise cash to service its debt, and Yahoo and Yahoo Japan are among the most valuable holdings in its portfolio.
In North America, volume climbed 4 percent for the second quarter, with sales of the trademark Coca-Cola brand rising 2 percent.
Intel Corp inventors Edward Gottsman and Adam Brody patent system that links cell phone with bar-code scanner to World Wide Web site featuring agent that shops Internet to let users check Internet prices for items they examine at stores; Ericsson inventors Chyrel Park and Walt Evanyk patent system that lets cell phone owners connect to electrical systems in their cars and control windows, doors, locks, lights, ignition and other functions; Sandra Dudley patents cellular car phone system that calls owner if car's alarm is set off (M)
When Gap was born, they were unique.
Sallie Mae, nation's largest education lender, reportedly agrees to be sold to JP Morgan Chase, Bank of America and two private equity firms for $25 billion, moving it into private control amid increasing turmoil for company; two private buyers, J C Flowers & Co and Friedman Fleischer & Lowe, will control 50.2 percent of SLM Corp, Sallie Mae's real name, while banks will own rest; under terms of deal, two banks will provide Sallie Mae with up to $200 billion of backup financing to guarantee company can continue making low-cost loans in event its access to capital becomes limited through federal government or private markets; buyers will pay $60 a share in cash, almost 50 percent premium over Sallie Mae's share price before news of merger became public; deal may be salvation for Sallie Mae at time when its business model has been under attack from several directions (M)
Microsoft said yesterday that it had reached a preliminary settlement with consumers in Minnesota who claimed the company had overcharged them for software from 1994 to 2001, ending another legal entanglement, one of several that Microsoft has recently managed to resolve.
Janus had been the third-largest holder of Cisco until the first-quarter sales pruned its holdings to 107.5 million shares from nearly 183 million.
Union Pacific says there is no need to continue the emergency order or impose any other rules.
But Ellen Hancock, Apple's chief technology officer, said in a conference call that she was confident Apple would deliver new operating system software incorporating Next's technology this year.
Already reeling from its worst economic crisis in 70 years, Colombia has had its credit rating bumped down two notches by Moody's Investors Service, to a level below investment grade.
Ms. Garrison chose WebSphere and other I.B.M.
After news over the weekend that settlement efforts had ended between Microsoft and the government in its landmark antitrust case, the technology-heavy Nasdaq composite moved sharply lower from the start of trading.
Some contrarian investors are willing to buy shares of Xerox, confident that the cash the company will receive from its anticipated asset sales will make the banks comfortable enough to refinance the loan.
Vioxx Recall May Bring Flood of Suits to Merck
For Creative Artists, the loss of Hasbro is hardly a show-stopper.
The Bush administration entered the case on Nike's side to defend what Solicitor General Theodore B. Olson said was the federal government's regulatory interest in preventing deceptive advertising while remaining mindful of the First Amendment.
But Dr. Gail Cawkwell, Pfizer's medical team leader for Celebrex, said yesterday that the study's importance should not be overstated.
The announcement is the latest effort by Mr. Weill to raise business standards at Citigroup, at a time when regulators are investigating possible conflicts of interest at the company's investment bank, Salomon Smith Barney.
The four countries have stated that their equipment orders specifically require the use of Intel chips or other chips that offer the same speed.
promoting the Nike sponsorship of the Summer Games.
What I couldn't understand, as I wandered around the Wal-Mart site, was why anybody would ever buy anything there.
Verizon Communications consolidates media buying duties for Verizon Communications, Verizon Wireless and Verizon Information Services at Draft Worldwide and Zenith Media; accounts had been divided among Zenith, Media Direct Partners, TN Media, and MindShare (S)
French Senate, resisting pressure from business, approves amended bill that would have wide-ranging effects on those selling or listening to digital music; amended version of what is being called iPod bill softens some measures that could have forced Apple to open all music sold from iTunes Music Store to play on portable devices other than Apple iPod (M)
But the phenomenon was thought to be mainly a scientific curiosity, observed only at very low temperatures, until researchers at I.B.M.
Boston Scientific, which is based in Natick, Mass., said that the battle over the balloon patent would also continue in the United States next year.
One is removing the incentives and the market leverage Microsoft has to pressure companies not to use competing software.
Last month, Microsoft introduced a refined and more powerful version of the Media Center software and Intel has designed a new all-in-one system, with a built-in TV tuner, that is being sold by Gateway.
In one of the group's first press releases, William H. Gates, the chairman of Microsoft, said, ''The standard being considered by the F.C.C.
Article on adverse reaction among some patients to genetically engineered protein drugs; focuses on outbreak of serious immune response illnesses linked to anemia drug Eprex, made by Johnson & Johnson and sold only outside US; photo (M)
The Shanghai Automotive Industrial Corporation said it would develop a pickup truck for sale in rural China with technical help from the General Motors Corporation.
Greg Maffei, Microsoft's chief financial officer, said in a telephone interview that these two special items essentially canceled each other out in terms of earnings per share.
At the news conference, Mr. Stern aimed angry comments at the chief executive of the CBS Corporation, Leslie Moonves, saying that in ''coming after me,'' Mr. Moonves was trying to cover up for ''record losses in ratings'' for CBS's radio station by beginning the legal assault on its once-brightest star.
The lighter-than-expected new license revenue caused Oracle's shares to decline 2.5 percent, or 45 cents, in after-hours trading, after rising 23 cents, to $17.91 in the regular session.
State Supreme Court Justice John P DiBlasi blocks proposal by General Electric to build $20 million hangar for company jets at Westchester County Airport; rules that County Board of Legislators and former County Exec Andrew P O'Rourke failed to conduct adequate analysis of hangar's environmental impact before they approved it in Dec (S)
Northrop's suggestion that it would raise its offer comes as TRW is holding discussions with the General Dynamics Corporation, BAE Systems of Britain and the Raytheon Company about a possible deal for TRW's military assets, the executives said, though none of the suitors have yet made formal binding bids.
Morgan Stanley's quarterly earnings fall 14 percent, to $797 million, reflecting continuing weakness in stock trading and merger activity, while Bear Stearns Companies reports 20 percent increase in earnings on strength of bond selling and trading (M)
He said the investments I.B.M.
Intel's microchips not only power more than 80 percent of the world's personal computers -- still the primary devices for accessing the Internet -- but also many of the larger computers, known as servers, that deliver Web pages, e-mail and other data from networks to desktop users.
General Motors Corp will sell up to $55 billion worth of consumer car loans to Bank of America over next five year (M)
But I.B.M.
Technology Briefing
Investors in troubled telecommunications sector step up selling of their shares; hardest hit are Qwest Communications International and WorldCom, companies with heavy debt loads and enough questions about their accounting to be subjects of investigations by Securities and Exchange Commission; but companies like Verizon Communications, SBC Communications and BellSouth, which had fared well by comparison this year, sag under selling pressure (M)
And on Friday, Fiat sold 32 million shares in General Motors to Merrill Lynch, bringing in $1.6 billion.
AS the International Business Machines Corporation positioned itself as an Internet leader last year, with a marketing campaign that helped E-commerce gain mainstream currency, a somewhat troubling reality emerged.
Another worry is that Legg Mason has refused to close the fund to new investors, and Value Trust could take in a lot more cash now that it will be sold by Citigroup's brokers.
Xerox had expected to announce that sale by now, but some analysts suggest that negotiations may be  snagged as Fuji tries to wring concessions from Xerox regarding FujiXerox's right to sell its own products in the United States.
Prudential and Wachovia Said to Be Near Merging Units
I.B.M.
Yet such challenges to Microsoft's desktop dominance made scant inroads in the past.
Microsoft said that the commission's action consolidated and narrowed its previous concerns.
But internal Microsoft electronic-mail messages released this week by the Justice Department seem to cast doubt on these defense arguments.
Big financiers are jostling to acquire yellow pages business of Qwest Communications International; several buyout firms that had orginally teamed up with Kohlberg Kravis Roberts on bid that was expected to be front-runner, but was rejected in first round as too low, have recently formed their own consortium without Kohlberg Kravis; new group--which includes Blackstone Group, Thomas H Lee Partners, Bain Capital and Providence Equity Partners--has split not only with Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, but with its members' other first-round partners: Texas Pacific Group, Goldman Sachs Capital Partners and Credit Suisse First Boston; six offers are officially on table, most for more than $8.5 million, some for only parts of QwestDex yellow pages business (M)
Microsoft made an eight-hour presentation in the second day of a three-day hearing on accusations that it unfairly dominated the market for operating software.
Benjamin Zipursky, a law professor at Fordham University, said the jury's award to Mr. McDarby but not to Mr. Cona would make it hard for Merck to argue that jurors had not carefully considered their decision.
Jack L. Kelly of Goldman, Sachs & Company said he expected that a combination of layoffs and cuts in Kodak's digital product portfolio could result in 75 cents to $1 a share in incremental earnings, even accounting for lower film prices and higher marketing costs.
''The difference between 'Chuck' and 'Charles Schwab' says a lot,'' he added.
Referring to Barbie's manufacturer, the court said, ''Mattel cannot use trademark laws to censor all parodies or satires which use its name.''
''The real problem lies in the failure of Apple's board.''
Xerox was essentially borrowing future revenues and reporting them immediately, thereby making it even harder to show good numbers in the future.
The Omnicom Group in New York is acquiring Court Burkitt, a London agency formed in 1986.
Mr. Schimberg said Coca-Cola Enterprises had invested more than $100 million in it and said it had 240 full-time employees.
''Raymond has created a company that delivers through the cycles, through the peaks, through the troughs,'' said Benjamin Dell, an oil analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, who rates Exxon Mobil outperform and owns no shares in the company.
He also pledged to ramp up competition in the disposable diapers category and in health care products like tooth-whitening agents, where Procter & Gamble has begun to reduce the price of its Crest White Strips by nearly 30 percent.
Officials of A.T.& T., the world's largest long-distance telephone company, confirmed that the exclusive deal was part of its arrangement with General Magic, and was intended to offset what might be considerable development costs.
The group led by Goldman Sachs and Mr. Speyer bought the property in 1996, paying $306 million for the mortgage and assuming $845 million in debt and other obligations.
The News Corporation has named James Murdoch, youngest son of its chairman, Rupert Murdoch, executive vice president in charge of a new worldwide Internet unit.
The Interpublic managers cautioned that a reversal of fortunes would be neither easy nor quick.
''It will foster an even stronger partnership with the Coca-Cola Company.''
''Meat or fruit might be a risk, but not something like Coca-Cola,.''
The joint purchasing company is one of several steps Wal-Mart's rivals are taking.
MasterCard's chief counsel, Noah J. Hanft, responded: ''If American Express gets its way, neither competition nor the consumer wins'' because it would undermine a system in which near-universal acceptance and guaranteed payment to merchants has brought spectacular growth in credit card popularity.
Mr. Gordon knew that AT&T was a flagship giver to charitable causes, awarding more than $50 million in grants, with $9 million going to the arts last year despite the sluggish economy.
Carol E. Higbee, a New Jersey state court judge, is overseeing about 2,750 suits filed in that state, where Merck is based.
The group spun out Chrystal as a separate company, which Xerox expects to take public next year.
Legislation to provide drug benefits through Medicare offers big employers long-sought prize of shifting at least some of soaring drug costs to federal government, and companies are lobbying hard to make sure gains survive in final version; effort is led by shrinking number of companies, such as General Motors, Ford, Verizon and IBM, that provide health coverage for millions of retired workers; graphs; bills would allow them to shift some costs by creating Medicare-subsidized managed care organizations; key debate now is how to discourage them from dropping retiree health benefits altogether; Ford alone might save $50 million a year; 28,000 US employers that provide drug benefits to retirees are spending $22.5 billion this year on prescriptions; spending on drugs is now at least 40 percent of retiree medical costs, rising 15 to 20 percent a year (M)
Star TV, which is owned by the News Corporation, is already seen by many Chinese viewers who have illegal satellite dishes.
Amgen to Buy Abgenix, Getting Complete Control of New Colon Cancer Drug
Nevertheless, he said Intel would increase the speed of its transition to the Pentium 4 for desktop computers because the chips have surprised the company with higher product yields and lower costs than expected.
He said demand for Cisco's core products, like the routers and switches used to direct Internet traffic, also rose.
Reacting to Cisco's acquisition of Arrowpoint, Alteon intends to announce this week that it has enlisted two powerful allies: Lucent Technologies and Akamai Technologies.
The step by Moody's, announced today, reflected increased skepticism by the credit-rating service about the effectiveness of the Japanese Government's bureaucratic regulatory and political systems after eight years of economic decline.
Several former Apple executives said that while Apple's initial intent in reopening the licensing negotiations had been to kill off the clone makers, the company's strategy was  now to ''channel'' the clones into either geographic or product areas that do not directly compete with Apple.
For years, the former chief executive of General Electric was viewed as the model of the perfect modern executive.
Of the 50 definite orders for 737's, only 28 will be reported as new orders by Boeing.
The day AT&T announced its intent to provide Internet access, Netcom shares fell $4.75 even though the news had been expected.
This is a rivalry that made it all the way to the Senate Judiciary Committee last year, with Real Networks accusing Microsoft of anti-competitive practices, namely, the failure of an early version of the Windows Media Player to recognize Real Networks software.
Yesterday, regulators fined the firm, now part of Goldman Sachs, $1 million.
But Boeing officials have said that the commercial aviation division has limited growth potential and is dependent on economic cycles.
New York Times Co and Starbucks Coffee Co agree to sale of New York Times newspapers in Starbucks stores for three years in exchange for Times's advertising promotion of Starbucks (S)
The National Football League will expand a partnership that began last year with I.B.M.
In March, Microsoft agreed to buy Tellme Networks, a maker of voice recognition technology, for a price that was reported to be more than $800 million.
At trial, Microsoft attempted to rebut the presumption of monopoly power with evidence of both putative constraints on its ability to exercise such power and behavior of its own that is supposedly inconsistent with the possession of monopoly power.
The substantial reduction in ad spending ''is unfortunate, but it has become necessary because we are in a cash conservation mode,'' said Philip Guarascio, vice president and general manager for marketing and advertising at the North American operations of General Motors in Warren, Mich.
For one thing, the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit removed her predecessor on the case, Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson, for misconduct, threw out his order to break up Microsoft and overturned large parts of his ruling, which held Microsoft liable for several additional antitrust violations.
Mr. Bennett, however, insisted that the accusations made in the message were accurate and that America Online's programmers had been exploiting a security flaw in the AOL Instant Messenger software to identify Microsoft Messenger customers.
The Motorola search, according to the company spokeswoman, Jennifer Weyrauch, is ''down to two finalists, I can confirm that.''
Cisco is not alone.
Yahoo is also working on a new product to match Google's new Froogle service, which searches the Web for products for sale.
Intel and A.M.D.
Toys ''R'' Us and Wal-Mart Stores declined to comment publicly on their plans for Harry Potter merchandise, but other big retailers have delayed their orders, waiting to see Mattel's full line and to hear more about Warner's plans for the movie.
Prudential is one of those brokers, said one person briefed on the investigation.
Apple does have a comparatively strong balance sheet.
Microsoft replies that Mr. Rosen was simply trying to be precise about highly detailed discussions of software technology and strategy.
(800,000 records) and Aetna (130,000) moved the total to the threshold, when Boeing revealed yesterday that a laptop recently stolen from an employee's car contained names, Social Security numbers and other data on 382,000 current and former employees of the aerospace giant -- bringing the total to a grim 100,152,801 records (as of this post).''
Boeing's solution diverts some of the air generated by the engines, which is produced for use inside the engine and for pressurizing the cabin, into a filter.
For the first time, Microsoft executives allowed a reporter to attend the meeting, although one research group making a presentation was unwilling to speak publicly.
The General Electric Company and Honeywell International Inc. presented their case to European regulators for approval of their planned $40 billion aerospace merger today in a hearing that is the beginning of the end for the deal's clearance.
Because alfalfa is the fourth most widely planted crop in the United States, the action presented a big opportunity for Monsanto.
''Intel has to look for other opportunities for future growth and server farms could be a reasonably good hybrid,'' Mr. Peck said.
For its full fiscal 2006, Cisco reported sales of $28.5 billion, of which Scientific-Atlanta contributed $989 million.
While outside factors conspired against Nike, management made its own missteps: a surge in inventory, an increase in prices, a lackluster ad campaign, a failure to hit upon a new big idea.
Accel executives refused to comment on the negotiations but another venture capitalist at a firm that has talked with Xerox said that the Accel talks were serious but preliminary.
Amazon took pains to counter the views of some analysts who have said that if it continues to lose money at its current rate, it could run out of cash as soon as the end of this year.
Tad Piper, an analyst with Piper Jaffray, said he thought Oracle's actions in the last eight months had negatively affected PeopleSoft's business.
More evidence emerged yesterday about Microsoft's role in encouraging the anti-Linux campaign being waged by the SCO Group, a small Utah company.
Yahoo, meanwhile, did not dispute that consolidation in the Internet industry was having an impact on its business.
As evidence of the company's belief that investors had overreacted in selling Citigroup's stock, Mr. Weill said the company had bought nearly $2 billion worth of its shares this month.
Both the News Corporation and Mediaset own small stakes in KirchMedia, the company that holds the core properties of the Kirch Group.
I.B.M., a barometer of trends in the computing business, delivered a solid quarterly performance yesterday that pointed to modest if uneven improvement in the corporate technology sector.
Japanese companies produce many crucial parts for the world's aircraft assemblers, including Boeing and Airbus.
CBS's long courtship of Katie Couric has moved close to a conclusion.
Mr. Spitzer, in an interview yesterday, called the Citigroup executives' proposals ''a very constructive and perhaps important step forward.''
Roman Szuper, a credit analyst with Standard & Poor's, said he would be surprised if Boeing backed away from the 7E7 project, given how much emphasis it has placed on the plane.
Still, despite the state of the economy and Procter's recent woes -- including last week's announcement that it will cut 9,600 jobs -- Mr. Turk said the company's enthusiasm for e-commerce ''has not lessoned; nor has it lessoned for our trading partners.''
If Johnson & Johnson seeks to renegotiate the deal, it is expected to claim that Guidant's product recall and regulatory inquiries into the company's actions constitute a ''materially adverse change'' as defined in the merger agreement.
Last month, shortly after AOL said it was increasing its unlimited-access price, Microsoft announced a $50 million campaign to attract AOL customers, offering people who signed up with MSN three free months of Internet access and a monthly rate of $21.95 until 2003.
He calls some of Apple's mid-1990's computers ''splendidly banal.''
Mr. Looney said that other retailers would offer books in Adobe's format later this year.
PricewaterhouseCoopers, longtime auditor of American International Group, faces possible lawsuits now that AIG has admitted that it accounted improperly for certain transactions with other insurance and reinsurance companies, with some of questionable transactions dating back more than decade ago; in intervening years, company filed various regulatory reports and statements, which were approved by PricewaterhouseCoopers; shareholders and bondholders may claim that they relied on those regulatory filings when making investments (M)
Though this is not part of the I.B.M.
Mr. Cullinan of Yahoo disputed those claims.
As Mr. Zander acknowledged during the conference call, Motorola is now a company that is weak at the market's extremes.
Aruba's goal is not to beat Cisco so much as to carve out a sizable share of the corporate market for wireless networks, a market that Mr. Melkote estimates will be worth more than $10 billion in the next five years.
FedEx Rescinds Order for Airbus A380s
As it generally does, CBS has stocked its new shows with familiar stars.
Ever since Citigroup said it was considering whether to retire its ubiquitous red umbrella logo, the mostly muted reaction has been surprising.
Union leaders, academics and community activists plan to hold unusual meeting in Washington to begin mapping out strategy to check Wal-Mart's growing power and to press company to improve its wages and benefits; meeting is organized because union leaders fear Wal-Mart Stores is pushing down wages and benefits, not just among retailers but throughout economy; Service Employees International Union president Andrew Stern convenes meeting, which will bring together union leaders, professors who have studied Wal-Mart and leaders of Acorn and other community groups; organizers also say Barbara Ehrenreich, author of Nickel and Dimed, account of making living as blue-collar worker, will attend; meeting will not focus on developing strategies to unionize Wal-Mart but rather on assessing Wal-Mart's influence on nation and on strategies to check Wal-Mart's downward pull on wages (M)
As many as 100,000 lawsuits are expected, and some Wall Street analysts say Merck could eventually pay as much as $50 billion to settle all the cases.
Amazon said it would not carry other home-improvement items, like lumber, toilet seats and screws, at least at first.
Cisco will buy those properties back for $1.9 billion.
Mr. Steere, who has been regarded as one of the drug industry's genteel chief executives, then made public a letter he had sent to Mr. de Vink, detailing Pfizer's offer.
It is clear, however, that Microsoft's actions markedly impeded Java's progress to that end.
Comcast Corp and Cox Communications, two of nation's largest cable companies, report strong third-quarter profit and revenue growth; Comcast reports net earnings of $220 million compared with loss of $153 million year earlier; revenue rose 12 percent, to $5.1 billion; chairman Brian L Roberts comments; Cox earned $42 million after losing $215.1 million year ago; revenue grew 11 percent, to $1.6 billion (M)
Microsoft responded Monday by saying it was keeping the commission apprised of its new products.
Microsoft, by contrast, stuck to its three-year plan that enabled the company, the authors write, to ''mesh its short-run tactical plans with a broader strategic view of how to win the war.''
Merck to Pay $42.5 Million to Settle Lawsuits Against Its Pharmacy-Benefit Unit
And it may make Microsoft more vulnerable to antitrust litigation in the future.
Hartford Financial Services Group and BuySafe, small start-up company, will offer buyer protection plan for shoppers on eBay auction Web site to be paid for by participating sellers; plan will protect buyers if seller does not deliver advertised goods at agreed-upon price; EBay, which says it already has adequate dispute resolution system, has not approved plan; photo (M)
If Oracle is allowed to buy PeopleSoft, the Justice Department and 10 states assert, the number of major rivals in business software will be reduced from three to two, thus driving up prices.
Chains like Target represent a small fraction of tobacco sales, analysts noted.
As part of its restructuring, AT&T intends to issue a new class of stock later this year to track the consumer operation.
At AT&T's consumer unit, which is dominated by the long-distance business, revenue fell by 18.3 percent between the fourth quarter of 2000 and the fourth quarter last year, to $3.47 billion from about $4.25 billion.
Indeed, more than half of the cuts announced by A.T.& T. last week will be white-collar jobs.
Boeing can afford a few wisecracks.
In the tests, Pfizer is examining whether the torcetrapib-Lipitor combination reduces heart disease more effectively than Lipitor alone.
Campaign by American Advertising Federation in Washington to promote advertising, made more timely by economic slowdown, signs Anheuser-Busch Companies as participant; other marketers participating are Coca-Cola Co, Energizer and Sunkist (S)
Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson called Microsoft's tape ''very troubling.''
Harry S. Stonecipher, Boeing's president, said yesterday that that the company still took 20 percent to 30 percent more hours to produce an airplane than it did in 1994.
Mr. Myhrvold repeatedly noted that Netcom, a Internet service unit of ICG Communications Inc. that has a contract with Microsoft, made no real effort to switch customers to Internet Explorer, testifying that one point in 1997 -- when 10 percent of Netcom's customers were getting the Microsoft product -- was ''the high-water mark.''
Jim Allchin, one of the company's top vice presidents, acknowledged the shift in focus in the industry from personal computers to plumbing, and bemoaned the difficulty of getting Microsoft's traditional consumers to care about its new vision.
In another move to increase profits, Aetna asked Connecticut regulators to approve premium increases averaging 18.1 percent for H.M.O.
I.B.M., already a successful company with revenues of $3.2 billion, invested more than $5 billion in engineering, factories and equipment to create the System/360, opening five plants and hiring 60,000 employees.
But while the $1,599 iBook was clearly the Apple in everyone's eye, a number of other Macintosh-related products on display added to the festive and optimistic atmosphere of the show.
And for the full year, Amazon said that on a pro forma basis, it now expects a profit.
On other counts, he ruled that Microsoft's campaign against Netscape, as well as its decision to develop its own version of the Java programming language and encourage other companies to use it instead of the authorized version, prevented Netscape and Java from competing on the merits.
Eastman Kodak Co is poised to put its name on 300 to 500 photo specialty stores across the country within next 18 months; Kodak hopes to strengthen its brand image at retail (L)
Texas Instruments is not the only company to have integrated much of that technology on a single chip.
In fact, with the decision to prosecute Microsoft, Mr. Klein has put antitrust back on the front pages and guaranteed that the division is involved in cutting-edge legal and economic issues in a way that his predecessor, Anne K. Bingaman, had tried, but with less success.
Some said they were willing to let Amazon experiment with works of narrative nonfiction, but not reference books, cookbooks or poetry where shoppers might be satisfied with the few pages produced by a search.
Time Warner's goal is less clear, though it would be logical to assume it has a strategic retreat in mind, since during the summer it decided to settle a defamation suit brought by Adm. Thomas H. Moorer for a sum one CNN executive, who declined to be identified, estimated to be ''around $200,000.''
Pfizer Inc is abandoning its formerly sedate marketing approach for Viagra in wake of competition from drugs Levitra and Cialis; new tone is devilish, to point of depicting ends of blue V from Viagra's band logo rising behind men's heads like pair of horns; ad campaign, with annual budget estimated at $100 million, is adopting theme 'Get back to mischief'; McCann-Erickson Worldwide created campaign; photo (M)
But its drive bays and connections are standard, and you can trick it out with motherboards, optical drives, and memory and special circuitry, giving you full control of its drive and sensing functions from the comfort of Microsoft Windows.
Halliburton said it had a loss of $2 million, or a penny a share, for asbestos-related expenses in the quarter.
Mr. Palmisano was first considered a possible successor in 1997 when, at the age of 44, he was made the youngest member of I.B.M.
The AT&T case, Microsoft said, did not involve a review of a complex factual record -- a sharp contrast, in the company's view, from what would be required in the appeal of its own case.
Verizon Wireless added a record 1.5 million new customers in the third quarter and Cingular, which completed its acquisition of AT&T Wireless in October, appears likely to match that tally in the fourth quarter, according to one industry analyst.
Newmont Mining Corp announces unsolicited bid of $2 billion in stock for Santa Fe Pacific Gold Corp; move could set off bidding war in rapidly consolidating mining industry; some industry analysts expect Newmont to have to sweeten its bid by as much as $500 million before it can expect to acquire Santa Fe Gold in potential auction that is sure to attract rival bids; graph (M)
But Mr. Ballmer said he did not expect to end the alliance with Overture, with which Microsoft now shares ad revenue.
After Its Bid For Disney, Comcast Hits Pause Button
A.T.& T. now ranks second behind Citicorp in the number of Visa and Mastercard bank credit cards issued.
Mayo said that when he joined the Tropics to play in the Kingwood Classic he was not aware that Nike sponsors the team.
The announcement at the annual convention of car dealers here follows the news Friday that Amazon  .com would get into the online car-selling business by taking a 5 percent stake in Greenlight.com.
And the revenues of Wells Fargo, the nation's eighth-largest banking company, have been falling far faster than Wall Street had expected.
For example, the company may not contractually require software developers to use Microsoft's version of Java exclusively, nor may Microsoft add commands to Java that result in programs that run only on Microsoft's Windows operating system.
Several Silicon Valley venture capitalists say Xerox has begun talks with them about buying all or part of the Palo Alto Research Center, which is commonly known as Parc.
is choosing to alter its stock-option program for executives instead of moving away from options, like General Electric, or abandoning them, as Microsoft has done.
''The 747 is a plane that is tough to beat,'' said Dan Mooney, Boeing's vice president for the 747 program.
Merck of Germany Expected To Seek Control of Schering
Mr. Otellini said Intel was working on a chip design for notebook computers that would allow the company to make smaller chips that use less power.
Serono SA teams up with Pfizer Inc to promote its multiple sclerosis drug Rebif in US; Pfizer will pay Serono $200 million and two companies will share cost for Rebif's development until 2013 (S)
The decision was a blow to the Interpublic Group of Companies in New York, the owner of Lowe & Partners Worldwide, which since March 1999 has had the prestigious assignment of creating ads for HSBC that appear in mainstream media like television and newspapers.
''And what Amazon is doing is making sure that they are there.
''This was Amgen's best shot,'' said Jonas V. Alsenas, an analyst with ING Barings, who believes TKT will win.
Instead it involved a mailing sent out to 15,000 current and former Wal-Mart employees in Oregon that invited individuals to join the lawsuit.
Vioxx had $2.5 billion in worldwide sales last year, about 11 percent of Merck's total revenues, and it contributed even more to profits.
''Netflix is without question one of the most efficient and convenient resources for consumers who want niche and independent films'' said Fritz Friedman, a spokesman at Columbia Tri-Star Home Entertainment, which distributed ''Talk to Her.''
Microsoft said that it expected revenue to grow 6 to 9 percent in fiscal 2004.
Interestingly, Coca-Cola Enterprises went on its shopping spree without fanfare, though companies often publicize buybacks, since the purchases can give the stock a lift.
Time Warner and Comcast Seal Adelphia Purchase
The WebTV deal, Microsoft insists, is very different from Intuit.
Mr. Grubman, then the most powerful telecommunications analyst on Wall Street, certainly had the stature to maintain his hold rating on AT&T.
General Motors Corp chairman John F Smith Jr urges Federal Reserve to reduce interest rates; says spreading economic troubles overseas could cause a recession in US if Fed does not lower rates soon (S)
Investors and stock analysts say that with end of merger discussions with Warner-Lambert and American Home Products, Procter & Gamble Co will probably stick to consumer products rather than court another big pharmaceutical company anytime soon; brace for changes at Procter in light of the surprising aggressiveness shown in this adventure by Durk Jager, chief executive, who has said he will find ways to grow beyond consumer products (M)
Analysts say some of the problems Procter faces will ensnare its rivals sooner or later.
AT&T has said that Worldnet will include a customer version of the Netscape Communications Corporation's program for browsing the World Wide Web and a search tool that has been designed by Verity Inc., an information-retrieval company in Silicon Valley.
Gregory B Maffei, chief financial officer and co-president of Oracle Corp, resigns unexpectedly, less than five months after he joined company; Safra Catz, co-president with Charles Phillips, will assume Maffei's post as chief financial officer (M)
Mr. Haddad's division at Mattel, with about $100 million in annual sales, was most noted for CD-ROM's such as Barbie Fashion Designer and Barbie Photo Designer Digital Camera and CD-ROM, both of which were among the top sellers for children's software.
The figures were disclosed in Cigna's annual report, which was mailed to shareholders on March 20 and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission last week.
After surveying its employees last year, Cisco is building a day-care center on its corporate campus in San Jose.
Southwest Airlines, which began its fall fare sale in July, last week extended the deals through Jan. 14, with prices as low as $39 one way between Las Vegas and Los Angeles.
From now until the end of the holidays, Tiffany.com will receive 100,000 hits a day, roughly equal to the number of people who will visit a Tiffany store.
The new system, which I.B.M.
Both the Bush campaign and Century Strategies said Mr. Reed had never personally lobbied Mr. Bush and asked him to take a position on the Microsoft case.
In that narrower ruling, the court said Microsoft should be free to tie its browser to its operating system as long as the company could make any ''plausible claim'' of consumer benefit or business efficiency from doing so.
Citigroup's 1,200 Citifinancial branches are considerably more productive and profitable than Associates First's 750 full-service branches.
The company's stock is trading at 20 times that estimate, and Mr. Appleby said American Express could pay as much as 30 times earnings in a stock-for-stock acquisition.
The proposed A.T.& T.-McCaw alliance is hardly the first sign that long-distance companies have cast an eye at local markets.
Rather than focus on Wi-Fi, the wireless technology that now dominates the field, Intel bet on the success of a technology called HomeRF, Mr. Maloney said.
He cited a recent decision by Congress to allow the Air Force to replace aging tankers by leasing 100 Boeing 767's for 10 years at $20 million a year each.
The iPod from Apple Computer is a designer music player, and with the least expensive model running about $300, it has a designer price tag.
The disclosures support assertions by two senior House Democrats, Representatives Henry A. Waxman of California and John D. Dingell of Michigan, that Halliburton may be overcharging American taxpayers and Iraqis.
would not require that all Web site order forms and all digital wallets look the same -- a point clearly demonstrated by the different approaches that I.B.M.
They also want Microsoft to allow PC makers to choose what appears on the Windows main screen, or desktop, where the company now promotes its Internet commerce services and those of companies that pay for a position on the Windows ''channel bar.''
The Citigroup merger became a formal reality only two months ago, but executives are already talking about 100 potential new banking deals made possible by closer cooperation between Citicorp and Salomon bankers.
Albert Yu, who heads Intel's microprocessor business, said in an interview recently that the company was aware of its potential vulnerability but believed that the acquisition of the Strongarm technology would protect it against attack from below.
For cruises departing or under way on Dec. 31, 1999, potential passengers must submit a written request to Carnival with an initial deposit of $150 a person for three-  or four-day cruises, $250 a person for seven days or longer.
Intel, which is based in Santa Clara, Calif., said it would start mass production of the chips in the first half of next year.
Priceline.com's affiliate that lets consumers bid for groceries and gasoline online is abandoned because it cannot raise enough money to stay in business; group of investors stand to lose most of $360 million they put into venture, Priceline WebHouse Club, which is privately held; WebHouse founder Jay S Walker concedes he will lose most or all of $179 million he invested in WebHouse; Walker's shares of Priceline are valued at $220 million compared with $8 billion in April 1999; Walker says he harbors no ill will toward investors who refused to continue pumping money into his WebHouse venture; graph; photo (M)
And Prudential has agreed to pay Aetna to make up for the bulk of expected operating losses in the first 18 months.
In addition, the Boeing board recently altered the company's executive compensation plan to put more emphasis on ethical behavior.
Comcast, the nation's biggest cable operator, said yesterday that it earned $262 million in the second quarter, after losing $22 million in the same period last year, thanks to an increase in the number of customers signing up for digital video services and an increase in advertising revenue.
Yet Mr. Rubin mixes discussions about the Chinese banks and state enterprises with a pitch for Citigroup experts.
Analysts are divided on what the program is likely to cost Pfizer.
So far, Microsoft has failed to gain ground against the dominant search provider Google.
But the warning sent Apple's share price down almost 10 points in after-hours trading this evening.
Eighteen months after finding Microsoft guilty of monopoly abuse, the European Commission has appointed a trustee to ensure that the company makes the changes called for in the ruling.
''Never say never,'' Mr. Ellison responded when asked if Oracle would raise its bid.
The groups plan to sue under Swiss law because I.B.M.
Many of Microsoft's adversaries, who had argued that only a breakup of the company would change its behavior, were dismayed by the Justice Department's decision today not to seek that remedy and saw the lobbying effort as an element in that shift.
''What is happening has nothing to do with Costco or Carrefour coming here,'' said Richard C. Chavez, managing director for Asia of Costco wholesale.
Through McCaw, AT&T is already the largest cellular company.
The Vesta Pro Scan package, which includes the Vesta Pro camera and PageCam software developed by Xerox, can also handle video-conferencing chores and can record digital motion pictures at up to 30 frames per second with a maximum resolution of 640 by 480 pixels.
EMI, which releases music by artists including Coldplay and the Beatles, has discussed various proposals to sell unprotected files through an array of digital retailers, including Apple, Microsoft, Real Networks and Yahoo, said the executives, who spoke on condition of anonymity.
Apple Computer invoked its past today as it outlined its plans for a new computer operating system.
It is a response to the brief Microsoft filed last week, in which the company proposed several narrow restrictions on its conduct that it said would be more appropriate penalties than breaking up the company.
Lawrence L. McCracken, a Boeing spokesman, declined to confirm that a settlement had been reached.
Some analysts, as a result, see a chance of Intel's eventually finding itself stranded at the upper end of the computer market while the industry heads in other directions.
Ogilvy was selected to produce the campaign in spring 2004, more than a year after Merck began its initial research among consumers, health care professionals and so-called opinion leaders to determine their attitudes toward the company, Mr. Tacconi said.
's first serious competition in the personal computer market, is poised to take on I.B.M.
Underlying AT&T's new strategy is the company's vision of the Internet and the World Wide Web as omnipresent information resources that will be instantly available to its customers' fingertips without requiring a separate dial-up modem connection for each use.
Xerox says it continues to cooperate with the S.E.C.
A government counterresponse to Microsoft's filing is due next Wednesday.
Without those items, Adobe earned 70 cents a share; analysts had expected 64 cents, according to First Call.
The result yesterday was that Amazon.com accepted a cease-and-desist order from the S.E.C., ordering it not to help anyone else violate securities laws.
Daewoo Motor Company becomes object of bidding war between General Motors and Ford Motor Co after South Korean Govt decides to solicit offers instead of negotiating with single buyer (M)
For eBay, It's About Political Connections in China
Wal-Mart, the nation's largest private employer, has created two work forces with women ''predominantly assigned to the lowest-paying positions with the least chance of advancement,'' the lawsuit says.
But the talks have stalled over a contract for the 50 or so union workers who are currently at Verizon Wireless.
NTL retained Goldman Sachs earlier this month to advise it on a merger.
In the rocket launching case, Boeing was suspended for 20 months from Air Force rocket business and was reinstated last March.
An AT&T spokeswoman and an AOL Time Warner spokesman declined to comment.
While by all accounts the strategies being discussed involve only civil actions, the attorneys general are remaining tight-lipped about which states are involved and which of Microsoft's business practices they want to remedy.
Hostilities continued yesterday in the bitter debate about whether Microsoft should be able to link into America Online's popular instant message system, with Microsoft rebuffing America Online's invitation to discuss a possible deal.
Hynix Creditors Are Said To Accept Offer by Micron
CBS Reaches Deals With 9 Cable Operators for Compensation to Carry Its Programs
Speculation that Apple was unhappy with BBDO West has persisted for several years, intensifying in the wake of the serious, sustained slide in Apple's financial results as computer users spurned Macintosh computers for those that use Microsoft and Intel products.
'' Exxon Mobil had revenues of more than $230 billion last year.
The ratio at Citigroup is about 50 percent.
The attempt to secure the rights to the videotaped interview and book comes after an earlier offer by the News Corporation to turn over profit from the TV special and book to the families of the victims.
Lockheed Martin indicated that it might bid with its T-50 being co-developed with South Korea.
STATE JUDGE RULES MICROSOFT CASE CAN GO ON
While the statements essentially confirmed what was already known -- the eight dissidents had previously acknowledged that there was no direct contact between them and any of the senior executives who have left the firm since late March -- Morgan Stanley reinforced doubts about a central premise of the dissidents' plan, that the departed Morgan Stanley executives would return to the firm if Mr. Purcell left.
Boston Scientific executives acknowledged that yesterday's recall might be seen as a sign that Guidant's problems ran deeper than the company had realized.
Google agreed to pay the News Corporation $900 million over three and half years for the right to sell advertising on MySpace, the largest social networking site, where people create profile pages and receive messages from friends.
Even Wal-Mart has ordered a shipment, a first for Barricade Books, a small publisher that specializes in nonfiction on gangsters, gamblers and celebrities.
He maintains that there is little overlap between Honeywell's and General Electric's customers, but he notes that European officials are more concerned that competitors are uncomfortable with the prospect of facing a new behemoth.
Eastman Kodak has licensed a separate projection technology, known as D-ILA, from the Japanese electronics company JVC and expects to market digital-feature-film grade projectors beginning in 2005, according to Bill Doeren, general manager of the Digital Cinema Group at Kodak.
Southern California Edison, supporting complaint by California to Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, says El Paso Corp artifically inflated price of natural gas in state by $3.7 billion over last year by using its partial control of major pipeline to curb gas flow; says manipulation cost Edison alone at least extra $1 billion for electricity generated by gas-fueled power plants over 13 months ended Mar 31; El Paso unit, in response, blames high prices in state on unexpected and unprecedented demand and shortage of pipeline capacity, not withholding of supplies; photo (M)
Intel, the world's leading maker of chips, said the Chinese standard presented substantial technical challenges that would prevent it from meeting Beijing's deadline.
The decision follows 18 months of turmoil for Yahoo, as the company disappointed both Wall Street and many in its own ranks.
But ultimately, Louis V. Gerstner Jr., I.B.M.
Yahoo has already showed signs of drastically rethinking its future since America Online and Time Warner announced their deal.
I.B.M.
A News Corporation executive who spoke on the condition of anonymity said that Ms. Regan had been outraged over the company's yielding to pressure to cancel the book and television special.
Pfizer said its sales in the quarter were $7.2 billion, a 7 percent increase over the $6.7 billion in the quarter last year.
Mariann Caprino, a Pfizer spokeswoman, said that the lawsuit related to activities that took place years before the acquisition and that Pfizer employees did not promote drugs for unapproved uses.
colleagues than at anyone else,'' said Robert Alan Feldman, chief economist at Morgan Stanley Dean Witter in Tokyo.
General Electric Co confirms former chief executive John F Welch Jr will pay for most of corporate perks he negotiated to receive in retirement; decision comes as Securities and Exchange Commission, investors and corporate governance experts raise questions about how much shareholders should know about true cost of perks to current and retired executives; SEC has requested information about Welch's benefits, both as chief executive and after he retired year ago; Welch estimates he will pay GE nearly $2.5 million each year for perks like use of corporate planes and Manhattan apartment; GE spokesman Gary Sheffer says Welch will also reimburse GE for perks he has received since he retired, but that amount has not been determined; photo (M)
Merck postponed an initial public offering for its Medco managed care unit for the third time yesterday as investors recoiled from falling share prices for drug makers and drug-related businesses.
technology is less central to Intel's third concept laptop, designed for the ordinary consumer and for home use.
Other graphs tracks Home Depot's net income and number of stores, from 1988 through 1997.
Earlier this year, International Paper sold its 30 percent stake in Copec, a Chilean paper company, leaving it lightly represented in Latin America.
Glenn Reicin, an analyst at Morgan Stanley Dean Witter, said Tyco, which has its operating headquarters in Exeter N.H., would ''try to extract bottom line synergies'' from Bard by cutting costs.
's rivals and can be seen as a smart tactic for I.B.M.
Lockheed is asking for the voiding of $6 billion in contracts in which Ms. Druyun has admitted she favored Boeing.
Mr. Burton of the University of Oregon said that although he found the American Express campaign ''tired,'' he saw I.B.M.
I.B.M., however, has now succeeded in forming an alliance with compact flash manufacturers to create a  standard that will permit users to choose either flash memory chips or the new one-inch disk drive interchangeably.
The Wal-Mart name is not enough to win over customers in Japan, where recognition of the brand is low, Jeff McAllister, Wal-Mart's chief operating officer for Japan, said in Tokyo.
That shift may well be underscored tomorrow when Steven P. Jobs, the chief executive of Apple Computer, is expected to unveil an Apple phone representing his company's new mobile communications strategy -- highlighted by a device that may include Jobsian refinements such as a sleek ceramic case and a transparent touch screen.
Joe Ettore, chief executive of Ames stores, argues that for him the battle with Wal-Mart is already over.
Some analysts have suggested that Microsoft wants to draw out the legal battle in the hope of getting a more sympathetic ear in the White House if George W. Bush takes over the presidency in January.
Washington critics of Boeing -- particularly those who contended the $20 billion aerial tanker contract was a sweetheart deal for the company -- said its actions confirmed their earlier suspicions of an overly cozy relationship between Boeing and the Air Force during the negotiating of the aerial tanker deal.
Mr. Klitten also said that Chevron was looking to become a major refiner and marketer of gasoline in Europe.
General Motors Raises Stakes in Fuel Economy War with Ford
Ford Motor Co will close assembly plants in St Louis, St Paul and Edison, NJ, for two weeks to help recall of Firestone tires; will use tires from Ford Ranger pickup trucks to help ease shortage of Firestone tires; move idles 6,000 unionized assembly workers, who will draw 95 percent of their usual pay, excluding overtime, during temporary layoff; Ford's chief executive and president, Jacques Nasser, prepares television advertisement to be broadcast on Monday Night Football on ABC, confirming Ford's decision to cut production and vowing to keep customers' trust; photo (M)
The Federal Government asked a judge today to order the Microsoft Corporation to stop forcing makers of personal computers to include its Internet browser when they install its Windows 95 operating system.
But yesterday, Kodak gave them reason again to feel depressed.
The move is a setback for Microsoft and could open the way for courts to second-guess the company's product designs, including that of Windows XP, the new version of its operating system, which is scheduled to go on sale in October.
''Being part of Bank of America gets us to where we need to be overnight.''
Ford Motor Co posts slightly better earnings for fourth quarter than financial analysts had expected, but automaker's shares fall on fears that further profit gains might prove elusive; Ford earned $1.81 billion, up 73.2 percent from profits of $1.04 billion a year earlier; sales rose to $44.42 billion from $37.90 billion; company earned $7.24 billion for all of 1999 on sales of $162.56 billion (M)
Among the clients of 10 Worldwide, with combined billings estimated at more than $350 million, are Deutsche Bank, the Fidelity Investments unit of FMR, Ford Motor, Hewlett-Packard, the Hoover unit of Maytag, Limited and Sony.
But in a reflection of the continuing hostility between the two companies, Mike Luftman, a spokesman for Time Warner, said, ''It's very hard to accept that anything Disney says or does in this matter has an innocent reason to it.''
''All of Microsoft's conduct was designed to acquire and hang on to their monopoly,'' said Eugene Crew, a lawyer at Townsend, Townsend & Crew, based in San Francisco.
Gemstar also contends that DirecTV, the nation's leading satellite TV provider, is using Gemstar patents for its onscreen guide, but Gemstar has not taken any legal action -- which makes sense considering that News Corporation is trying to purchase DirecTV.
Scripps-PARC Institute, partnership of Xerox Corp's Palo Alto Research Center and Scripps Research Institute, announces development of cancer detection system based on laser printer technology; technique involves tagging cancer cells with fluorescent marker and then scanning blood cells with laser looking for fluorescence (M)
In billboarding its fashion talent, Gap seems to be signaling a fresh direction, promoting fashion over basics.
Still, Microsoft is including its version of the Java technology in the software tools and options sent to PC makers.
To anticipate such hazards and sustain the momentum generated at the last gathering, the same group is reconvening today and Friday at the same place, an I.B.M.
On Wednesday evening, William H. Gates, Microsoft's chairman, spent two hours trying to persuade Joel I. Klein, the Assistant Attorney General in charge of antitrust issues, that Microsoft had both a right and a responsibility to incorporate new products in its operating system.
COM add-ins can be used to augment Microsoft Word with special features and customized commands that are not a standard part of the program.
Toshiba executives, for example, are quoted in the complaint as comparing Intel's financial inducements to ''cocaine,'' describing themselves as ''hooked.''
Just as Microsoft has been seen over the years as an aggressive, deep-pocketed competitor for talent, Internet start-ups in Silicon Valley complain that virtually every time they try to recruit a well-regarded computer programmer, that person is already contemplating an offer from Google.
Verizon Communications announced Monday that it was selling its interests in phone companies in Venezuela, Puerto Rico and the Dominican Republic for $3.7 billion, saying they no longer fit in with its business focus.
With that focus, Microsoft is now pursuing a strategy to transform Office from a bundle of programs on personal computers into a family of software that can put Microsoft's technology deeper into the operations of corporate data centers.
Microsoft executives said today that they were departing further from the standard that Sun refers to as ''100 percent pure Java'' in an effort to give software programmers better performance and increased compatibility with Microsoft's Windows operating systems features.
's desktop operating system, when Big Blue tried to confront Windows head on and wrest dominance of the operating system market from Microsoft.
Mr. Ressler, the marketer, insisted that Nike's approach would be effective in the long run.
Then I read reviews at Amazon.com, where I learned this about a particular pair of $2.95 Swedish goggles: ''These goggles rock.
The New York and San Francisco offices of McCann-Erickson, part of the McCann-Erickson Worldwide Advertising unit of McCann-Erickson World Group, will work in partnership with the San Francisco office of Anderson & Lembke, which handles other tasks for Microsoft.
Exxon Mobil Corporation, BP Amoco P.L.C., Royal Dutch/Shell Group and ABB Ltd. of Sweden have already agreed to buy more than half of the shares offered.
In the deal, announced in August 1994, Nextel acquired Motorola's wireless licenses in the United States in exchange for a 20 percent stake in Nextel.
Boston Scientific rose to $20.50 after hours, having closed at $19.52.
He rejoined Johnson & Johnson in 1998 with the company's acquisition of DePuy.
These people wait for the news on the economy, Cisco and other companies that may indicate a change in the market's momentum, looking for signs of stability and direction.
The Dow picked up part of its strength from financial stocks like Citigroup and American Express, which recouped some of their losses on Wednesday after new questions emerged about the stability of Japanese banks.
TEXAS INSTRUMENTS MEETS ESTIMATES
Morgan Stanley, Dean Witter & Company.
Procter & Gamble will try today to persuade a federal advisory panel to recommend approval of the first drug to increase a woman's sex drive.
The concession by Microsoft is a response to the decision last month by a federal court of appeals, which found many of the dominant software maker's licensing deals with computer makers were an illegal abuse of its monopoly power.
Omnicom Group is starting third media agency, Prometheus Media Services, to be based in Chicago (S)
having any knowledge of I.B.M.
Microsoft's effort is by far the most ambitious to convince computer users that the pen can be as logical an addition to the keyboard as the mouse.
Research firm WebSideStory releases report indicating that Google is gaining market share among Internet search sites and could challenge longtime leader Yahoo; says 36.35 percent of all search referrals come from Yahoo while 31.87 percent are from Google (S)
Mr. Poole oversaw the negotiation of contracts in which Microsoft required Internet companies to limit business dealings with the Netscape Communications Corporation, maker of Navigator, the Web browser that is the chief competitor to Microsoft's Internet Explorer browser.
Bridgestone/Firestone hopes to win back public confidence by quietly acknowledging that it has made some faulty tires while also trying to shift much of blame for auto accidents to Ford Motor Co; risky corporate strategy is taking shape in Nashville at headquarters of Firestone, where top executives are trying to revive distressed brand name; Firestone chairman-chief executive John T Lampe comments (M)
The decision by Boeing to pursue the case grew out of a sense of both weakness and opportunity.
Less than 1 percent of Xerox's bank debt has changed hands, according to traders.
''Comcast may not have figured that its investors would get so concerned so fast that Comcast might end up overpaying,'' one longtime media expert said.
In an interview over the weekend, Mr. Ellison cited these three executives as key members of his executive team: Gary L. Bloom, 38, Oracle's top marketer and executive vice president; Jeffrey O. Henley, 54, the chief financial officer; and Safra Catz, 38, Oracle's highest-ranking woman and a former investment banker who is now an executive vice president.
The large fiber optic cable maker Corning said it had laid off 825 employees from manufacturing centers in New York and Pennsylvania.
Analysts said that the 50-year old Mr. Zuendt could well be taking the blame -- voluntarily or otherwise -- for a series of problems resulting from Wells Fargo's hostile takeover of the First Interstate Bancorporation of Los Angeles last year.
In August, Mr. Walker raised $125 million by selling a block of his Priceline shares to Mr. Allen and Liberty.
''Obviously, as a resident of 3 Hanover Square, I am very pleased with Goldman Sachs's change of plans,'' said Jonathan Greenspan, president of the co-op board.
US Appeals Court sets format for oral arguments in appeal of antitrust ruling against Microsoft Corp and makes changes in format that litigants agreed to previously, changes that seem to favor Microsoft (M)
Analysts said yesterday that United Healthcare might not have been able to sign up enough Medicare patients in several of its rural areas to enable it to negotiate discounts with hospitals and other medical providers, a common trouble among managed-care companies.
United Automobile Workers union's contract with American Axle and Manufacturing Inc, critical supplier of General Motors Corp, will expire at 12:01 AM on Feb 15; people close to talks say considerable progress is being made but will not rule out possibility of a strike (M)
doesn't have much experience marketing to the high end of the market,'' he said, noting that those customers willing to use a non-Intel processor can already turn to Sparc, made by Sun Microsystems Inc. ''My view is this market will be highly fragmented, so the total opportunity is not huge,'' he said.
The firm said that the documents required the bankers to establish the sale price as if all existing shareholders, including McCaw or AT&T, put Lin up for sale and could only sell the company to an "unrelated" third party.
Since 2003, Morgan Stanley's count of brokers has declined to 10,471, from 11,000, as of the first quarter.
Comcast's acquisition of AT&T Broadband to form nation's largest cable operator culminates fierce bidding war and months of negotiations on part of Brian Roberts, Comcast president; photo; charts; table of chronology (M)
Toys ''R'' Us, once the most powerful toy seller in the country, will be sold to a team of two private equity firms and a real estate developer-- Kohlberg Kravis Roberts and Bain Capital Partners, along with Vornado Realty Trust -- for about $6 billion, people involved in the negotiations said last night.
''This is a problem, but it's not on the hot plate today,'' said Shekhar Borkar, an Intel fellow and director for circuit research at the company's architecture group, based in Oregon.
Revenue Falls, But Xerox Sees Bright Spots
Chief Courts Europeans on Acquisition of Honeywell
Apple Computer has a similar feature for its Mac OS X.
But even without the documentary evidence to debate, people close to Oracle and those close to Microsoft offered different versions of the timing of the talks and how they started.
will start life with five sponsors, but only two, Hyundai and Johnson & Johnson, signed deals for more than a year.
Outside, the big red-and-white signs proclaim Seiyu, but inside the systems are largely Wal-Mart, the fruit of a two-year investment by the Arkansas-based retailer in Seiyu Ltd., Japan's fifth-largest supermarket chain.
Cummins is a microcosm of what the industry is going through.''
Comcast now expects operating cash flow to rise as much as 15 percent this year, from 12 percent in an earlier forecast.
If that bill is not approved, Citigroup would be faced with having to sell the Travelers insurance underwriting operations -- along with its real estate management and investment operations, the trading of physical commodities and its oil and gas exploration business.
I.B.M.
But the person close to Lin said one option might be to join shareholders' suits already filed against AT&T, McCaw and their bankers that accuse them of not properly following the process of evaluating a company.
TEXAS INSTRUMENTS AGAIN LOWERS PROJECTIONS
Michelle Slatalla (Online Shopper) column discusses buying hardware supplies online; says with inventories that range from 25,000 to 45,000 items, biggest online stores can offer selection that can rival that of typical Home Depot warehouse store; says some online sites also offer instant online advice; lists some sites; photo (M)
Executives at Verizon are also said to be planning to take steps to try to put MCI's government contracts in jeopardy.
Microsoft's revenues for the most recent quarter were in line with analysts' expectations at $5.80 billion, though up a mere $40 million from the year-earlier quarter.
Analysts forecast first-quarter earnings for Intel of 28 cents a share and revenue of $8.27 billion, according to Thomson First Call.
The order for 21 of Boeing's newest 737 jets and an option for another 20 is a victory for Boeing over its European rival Airbus Industrie.
Beginning in 2008, Ms. Stewart's name -- and reputation -- will adorn a line of fresh, refrigerated and frozen foods sold at Costco, the nation's largest warehouse retailer.
To resolve the conflict that would be caused by putting I.B.M.
David Polk, a spokesman for Raytheon, said he had not seen the amended version of the complaint, which was filed today.
A new look, new packaging and a raft of new features developed ''only for the Mac,'' as Kevin Browne, a Microsoft executive, put it repeatedly.
For Microsoft, the Time May Have Come to Cut a Deal
To make that point, Oracle will have to find corporate customers who will testify that there are more than three vendors selling business enterprise software from which they can choose.
The chain has lost ground because of increased competition from Wal-Mart, which has a grip on cost-conscious suburbanites, and from Target, which appeals to hip, trendy shoppers who are more fashion-conscious.
He said Aetna's systems were already collecting the information but were not ''routinely bringing the data together quick enough or in the right manner.''
He said Mr. Bonsignore called him on Friday afternoon and said Honeywell was talking to G.E.
Coca-Cola is among several companies working with I.B.M.
Bad news has been dogging Bristol-Myers Squibb for months, and yesterday things grew worse.
''This clearly reinforces the rivalry between AOL and Microsoft.''
Earlier this month, Microsoft announced that it had acquired Massive, a company that sells ads in games.
Dr. LaMattina is excited about new drugs for cancer and heart disease, especially torcetrapib, a medicine from Pfizer that has shown the ability to raise HDL, also known as good cholesterol, which may protect people from heart attacks and strokes.
And earlier this month, Wal-Mart announced plans to award $500,000 in scholarships to minority students at journalism programs around the country, including Howard University, University of Southern California and Columbia University.
If the sales take too long, it could crimp Xerox's cost-cutting plans.
The campaign was swiftly approved by Apple, then begun with the television commercial, which first ran on Sept. 28, followed by the print ads, billboards and posters.
So, while the studios spend their energy promoting bland blockbusters aimed at everyone, Netflix has been catering to what people really want -- and helping to keep Hollywood profitable in the process.
Merck & Co's decision to stop selling painkiller Vioxx because of increased risk of heart attack or stroke in arthritis patients comes at time when company is lagging in effort to close earnings gap with Pfizer, industry leader, and struggling to find successor drugs to its aging top sellers; analysts say company could be forced into merger; Merck chief executive Raymond V Gilmartin rejects that possibility, stressing that company is financially solid; Merck shares plummet 27 percent, dropping to close at $33; Vioxx had $2.5 billion in worldwide sales in 2003, about 11 percent of Merck's total revenues, and it contributed even more to profits; table shows Merck's top-selling drugs; photo of Gilmartin, and Merck Research president Dr Peter S Kim (L)
''Talking with the News Corporation is another indication that their perception of what they need to survive is changing,'' said Robert Enderle, an analyst who follows Internet enterprises for Giga Information Group.
Although today's announcement is expected to be vague about how AT&T will use Notes in the future, the software could allow the company to recreate a service  like Network Notes as well as offer the other Internet-based services it has planned.
The Shanghai General Motors plant is the biggest of them all, with 1,700 employees and plans to build 100,000 Buick sedans a year.
Analysts are forecasting that Medtronic would then grab an early lead in what some analysts estimate could become a $1 billion market in the next decade.
If your machine has Windows XP, an easy way to find out if it's Vista-ready is to download the Windows Vista Upgrade Advisor from Microsoft's Vista Web site (www.microsoft.com/windowsvista/getready).
Production begins in 2007, with the Lockheed Martin Corporation as the prime contractor.
The bank's review is an example of what the advertising industry calls an agency-company or holding-company review in that it pitted against each other teams of agencies all owned by the same company -- here, Interpublic, Omnicom and WPP -- rather than individual agencies.
On Wednesday that after-hours loss was cut in half, with Apple closing at $49.25, down $2.34, or 4.54 percent, from Tuesday's close.
By its current count, McDonald's has more than 30,000 outlets in 119 countries, serving about 47 million customers a day.
An appeals court ruling against I.B.M.
Intel Planning Big Move Into Internet Services
Brett Shevack, chief executive at Partners & Shevack, part of Mickelberry Communications, confirmed a report of the change in the Daily Fax edition of Advertising Age, attributing the move to cost-cutting efforts at Church & Dwight.
Growing number of discount retailers are opening design studios in New York, ensuring their lower-income customers will get latest in fashion trends; for decades, clothing vendors have held back most fashionable clothes from far-away discount chains, leaving stores like Kohl's, Kmart and Wal-Mart to sell last season's trends, year after year; now discount retailers with new design offices in Manhattan will no longer have to wait for permission from clothing suppliers to carry stylish merchandise; but chains are not advertising their arrival in New York, perhap being uneasy about their presence in city whose designers have long scoffed at discount retailing; photos; map of Lower Manhattan showing location of design studios opened by Kohl's, Wal-Mart and Sears/Kmart (M)
Analysts say that Wal-Mart's expansion has stepped up only in recent years.
The president of Boeing Commercial Airplane Group, Ronald Woodard, is here in Beijing to sign the deal.
In the early 1990's, Mr. Friedman served as co-chairman of Goldman Sachs, perhaps the most prestigious investment bank in New York.
Intel had been trying to lock A.M.D.
Pfizer is in a $60 billion deal to buy Pharmacia.
''They believe the anticompetitive behavior could be addressed without Microsoft's revealing its source code,'' he said, adding that ''the code can be described so that other companies can implement it.''
But the financial services industry has become a large and growing presence, most notably Morgan Stanley, which signed a tentative deal last week to erect its third tower at the north end of the square.
Boeing published a survey of 3,200 airline passengers in April that seemed to indicate that the airborne Internet would soar in popularity.
Citigroup executives have called such unwanted businesses ''hobbies'' because, in their view, the company lacks either the size or the competence in those arenas to be competitive.
Last fall, Japanese regulators barred Citigroup's private banking business from operating there, citing inadequate controls to prevent fraudulent trades and money laundering.
IBM introduces new generation of big disk systems, hoping to regain its leadership position in high-performance end of data storage business; new product line, code-named Shark, comes at time when demand for data storage is growing at fast pace because of Internet, electronic commerce and data mining, all of which require fast access to vast amounts of information; current leader in high-end storage systems is EMC Corp; IBM says its new system gives higher performance at lower price (M)
That's not how some people interpreted eBay's move.
The talks were a major concession by Morgan Stanley's board, which has previously spurned repeated requests by dissident executives to meet.
After all, the movies made by Viacom's Paramount Pictures studio and the actor's production company earned more than $2.5 billion at the box office.
And the full impact of Citigroup's retail branch-building effort, an expensive endeavor, will not be realized for some time.
Profits Exceeded Expectations at Yahoo in First Quarter
He said that Morgan Stanley, which currently makes markets in 700 Nasdaq stocks, plans to increase that to about 1,000 by the end of this year and to 3,000 by the middle of 2001.
Seven years ago, during the Justice Department's antitrust case against Microsoft, the judicial ''findings of fact'' casually suggested that PCs are not necessarily used for Internet access; now it is difficult to find a PC that is not.
But Sony's deal is much more complicated than Time Warner's, which would be a relatively straightforward acquisition in which Time Warner would shutter most of MGM's studio business -- except for the big franchise pictures like James Bond -- and merge the library into Warner's vast collection.
Electronic Arts, in response, signed expensive long-term licensing deals to give it exclusive rights to make N.F.L.
Belgian health authorities end 10-day ban on products of Coca-Cola Co, permitting it to resume production in Belgium of sodas that were blamed for 249 cases of illnesses that shattered European confidence in world's best-known brand; Coca-Cola welcomes relaxation, promises Coke giveaway in coming days, offers to pay medical costs of anyone who became ill and reiterates company's contention that its sodas are safe; Belgian authorities say they still have not determined exact cause of sickness; Coca-Cola's problems appear to worsen in France; Belgian officials say ban on imports of Coca-Cola products from plant in Dunkirk, France, will be maintained until French authorities finish their inquiries into contamination there; Coca-Cola agrees to five Belgian conditions relating to cleanliness and safety standards to end ban; Coke's chief executive M Douglas Ivester comments; photo (M)
He stepped down after being promoted to chairman and chief executive of the Coca-Cola Company.
American Express has tested its guaranteed reservation concept for three years in two pilot programs involving 44 restaurants across the country, 11 of them in New York, including Aureole, Sign of the Dove and TriBeCa Grill.
Jonathan Macey, professor of law at Cornell University, said, ''General Electric was probably not legally obligated to disclose the details'' of his package.
''Gold Rush,'' which is to begin on Sept. 13 on a Web site operated by the AOL division of Time Warner (aol.com/goldrush), will have only one packaged-goods sponsor, the Coca-Cola Zero brand sold by the Coca-Cola Company.
CHUBB REPORTS 20% JUMP IN SECOND-QUARTER NET INCOME
''It is not in Microsoft's best interest for cross-platform solutions like Java to take hold,'' said David M.  Smith, a research director at the Gartner Group in Stamford, Conn. ''Microsoft likes things just the way they are, while the other vendors would like to even the playing field.''
In addition to its alliance with AOL, Sony will announce on Tuesday a series of peripherals for the Play Station 2, including an add-on hard disk, network connection, mouse and liquid crystal display that will narrow the gap between its video game machine and the Xbox from Microsoft.
But, Mr. Mattera said, the report argues that the low wages paid by Wal-Mart and the downward effect that has on wages at other retail operations, its negative effect on small businesses in the communities where it locates and its contribution to urban sprawl and traffic raise serious questions about the value of giving it sizable financial incentives to expand.
It is a leadership change that chills the heart of lifelong Boeing partisans, faced with the prospect that the no-nonsense, blunt executive is now their boss.
His first job was to rethink Microsoft's consumer business and make its MSN online service and Web sites a stronger challenger to America Online.
As a result, it may be legal for Pfizer to fire him.
Lawyers for Napster Internet music service ask federal appeals court in San Francisco to set aside Judge Marilyn Patel's order that it remain offline until it has shown it has made every effort to prevent exchange of copyrighted audio files not permitted for use; lawyers for Recording Industry Association of America plan to file response to Napster's appeal; Napster settles lawsuits with musical acts, Metallica and Dr Dre, which sued in April 2000, accusing it of copyright infringement; Pressplay, joint venture of Sony Music Entertainment and Universal Music Group, announces partnership with MSN, Microsoft's online unit; MSN will be able to sell music from record companies over Internet, though date of introduction and price of music are not announced; terms of deal undisclosed (M)
And yet Corning will survive.
But Microsoft's latest motion, filed on Wednesday, sets in motion a new avenue of possible appeal.
The antitrust confrontation with Microsoft, the Justice Department insists, is not intended to hobble the company but to protect competition and innovation in the software industry.
''We've not seen a recovery in any of the major markets and we have severe weakness in Japan,'' said John G. Connors, chief financial officer of Microsoft.
Correction:  April 4, 2006, Tuesday  An article in Business Day on Thursday about a British trademark suit against Apple Computer referred imprecisely to the ability of the Apple iPod to play tunes from online music stores other than Apple's, an issue in a French political debate.
Wal-Mart Stores, the country's largest retailer, reported an unexpectedly strong 4.1 percent rise for the month, exceeding its own 2 percent to 4 percent guidance.
''I had done business with some of the other big banks, and I was really surprised that Bank of America's customer service seemed to be quite good,'' said David Karmol of Great Falls, Va., who has a Bank of America credit card and has also refinanced his mortgage with the company.
Motorola said that its General Systems segment, which includes its cellular phone business, suffered a 2 percent decline in sales to $2.6 billion because the growth in orders of handsets was too low to offset declining prices.
The latest desktop computer, a $2,499 machine called the Mac Pro that will succeed the Power Mac in Apple's lineup, is the last of its computers to make the switch to the Intel architecture.
By comparison, the original AT&T, which SBC finished acquiring in November, was incorporated as the American Telephone & Telegraph Company in 1885.
If Time Warner's stock had performed as the average media-company stock has this year, it would have closed on Friday at $51.15.
The president and chairman-elect of G.E., Jeffrey R. Immelt, said in an interview published on Tuesday that there was ''zero'' chance his company's acquisition of Honeywell would go ahead.
The biggest disappointment today was AT&T's sluggish growth in the core long-distance business.
Intuit, which is based in Mountain View, Calif., said its QuickBooks and TurboTax software generate higher profits from online sales than through brick-and-mortar retail stores.
The Microsoft Corporation is close to an agreement  to invest up to $1 billion in the cable television operations of U S West, according to several people involved in the negotiations.
Amazon.com will receive the ''current'' award, given to brands making their marks in the first 15 years of their introductions.
's Opteron 64-bit chip for server computers, and it now appears that Intel has also lost some ground to the Athlon at the very high end of the desktop market.
''Investors won't bid up Comcast now for fear Comcast will increase its offer for Disney,'' said Glenn Greenberg, whose Chieftain Capital Fund owns 21 million shares of Comcast.
Micron Technology plans to capitalize on its position as the memory chip industry's low-cost producer.
Indeed, Mr. Passikoff said, in a survey he just completed of brand strength in the telecommunications industry, AT&T indexed at 114, compared with 105 last year.
Rupert Murdoch's News Corp and Yahoo Inc are discussing alliance that could include stock investments in each other's operations; are interested in joining forces to counter merger of America Online and Time Warner (M)
Success of Internet search engine GoTo.com in selling placement on its search results to Web sites is being copied in one way or another by every major search and portal sites; GoTo is thriving as provider of search results to other sites, which share in placement revenue; search engines are transforming themselves from infinite electronic encyclopedias into profitable universal commercial directories; Yahoo, biggest search engine, has started listing five sponsored sites before its normal results; table of how major search engines handle placements; photos (M)
In the fiercely contested microprocessor market, any perceived weakness in Intel is a perceived benefit for Advanced Micro, National and perhaps even Centaur Technology Inc., which was recently spun out of Integrated Device Technology Inc. to produce Intel-compatible microprocessors.
Bristol-Myers Squibb wants to fundamentally restructure its relationship with ImClone Systems, including changing its management, five months after pledging to invest $2 billion in ImClone Systems and its new cancer drug, Erbitux (M)
A year ago, the market thought Time Warner shares were worth 1.7 America Online shares; two years ago that number was 5.6.
Goldman Sachs has an outperform rating on DuPont stock, yet Edlain Rodriguez, a Goldman analyst, agrees.
Ms. Roehm, in responding to Wal-Mart's assertions, said that she was hoping to ''settle this amicably and move on.''
The board, Boeing and the F.A.A.
General Motors Corp makes comprehensive contract offer to United Automobile Workers, as national labor contract talks continue at GM, Ford Motor Co and Chrysler Corp (S)
Snapple announces new meal-replacement product that it hopes looks less like weight-loss aid and more like Snapple drink; Snapple-a-Day, fortified juice smoothie that will be on store shelves in February, is beverage company's entry into $1-billion-a-year meal-replacement business; Coca-Cola is working on whey-based drink called BeginIt and PepsiCo is exploring area as well; Snapple chief executive Jack Belsito says product will not be marketed as diet aid; photo (M)
By reaching the apex of his career after nearly dying, Armstrong created the type of personal credibility that exceeds that of more popular athletes, like his Nike endorsement stable mates Michael Jordan and Tiger Woods.
Lenovo has taken its design cues from I.B.M.
Microsoft also took pains today to state that in contrast to the current generation of the Internet, in which services are largely provided free of charge, customers will be charged for most of its new services.
The appeals court sharply narrowed Judge Jackson's findings, and threw out his order to break up Microsoft, but ''my view would be that the district court findings are intact,'' Judge Kollar-Kotelly said.
''Among the major oil companies, Exxon is the most disciplined in the way it invests, in the way it screens projects, and in the way it executes these projects,'' said James L. Smith, a finance professor at Southern Methodist University's business school, who has been a consultant for energy companies, including Exxon.
But Glover Park played a role in recruiting Democratic politicians who might otherwise have had misgivings about working alongside a media company like News Corporation, among them Hillary Rodham Clinton, the junior senator from New York.
Citigroup will no longer accept financing deals involving certain projects and corporations criticized by Rainforest Action Network on environmental grounds; will not finance commercial logging in rain forests or projects that harm indigenous populations and will report greenhouse gas emissions of energy projects it does finance; changes will not apply to current Citigroup deals (M)
for lighting project at General Electric's research laboratory, say incandescent bulbs are likely to remain so cheap that they will be widely used for years to come as white-light sources, even though they are quite inefficient and fragile.
''We'll be selling four times that amount in less than two years,'' said Anshoo Gupta, president of Xerox's  Production Systems Group.
At the conference, Microsoft will show the professional programmers a set of development tools, called Indigo, intended to allow a programmer to write a Web services application once that can then run on several devices -- a PC, a hand-held device, a cellphone or whatever.
Fitch downgraded the rating on Interpublic's senior unsecured debt to BBB-, from BBB, and also downgraded ratings on a bank credit facility to BBB-, from BBB; on convertible subordinated notes to BB+, from BBB-; and short-term debt to F3, from F2.
The industry has asked the Japanese government to charge a royalty, to be added to the retail price of portable digital music players like Apple's iPod, which has been explosively popular here.
Those agreements terminate on Dec. 31 and without a new agreement, Fox argued, the stations will no longer be available on Time Warner cable systems.
Company executives acknowledged that they briefly lost touch with consumers, designing too much clothing around occasions -- a pink suede tote, tailored for an evening out -- rather than classic Gap staples.
Mr. Alterman, a media columnist for The Nation, even suggested that if Mr. Kerry were to win the presidency, viewers may begin to see a different sort of Fox News, but he stopped short of saying the network would move far to the left.
''I think Alaska Airlines can do this,'' Mr. Cappelli said, ''because it's not a huge, major carrier,'' adding that if a bigger airline tried a similar campaign, it would run the risk ''of consumers saying, 'You're not giving me anything different except older planes and higher prices.'
United Healthcare Corp's $5.5 billion acquisition of rival health care giant, Humana Inc, collapses after value of United Healthcare stock fell $2.9 billion late last week; analysts say company executives were worried that United Healthcare's unexpected $900 million charge in its second quarter could be beginning of other financial troubles; two companies appeared to have differing views on Medicare market (M)
A Wal-Mart spokesman, Kevin Thornton, said the company was considering appealing the decision.
But Comcast officials do not deny that they began talking to Liberty last year.
''It really forces Microsoft to compete on the merits of the product, and these days it rarely does that,'' said Richard Shaffer, a principal of Technologic Partners, a technology consulting firm in New York.
When the acquisition was announced in May, Dr. William W. McGuire, the chairman of United Healthcare, predicted the deal would bring eventual savings of $100 million to $250 million, largely by eliminating administrative costs and lowering payments to hospitals.
He said Microsoft engineers had determined that the intrusion was based on a weakness in the software that governs basic Internet data communications.
Then, in December, when a colon cancer prevention study by the company indicated that Celebrex was associated with heart attacks and strokes, Pfizer said the results were unexpected.
Foster, Whirlpool's director for fabric care.
Intel's Chief Steps Down After 11 Years
With $22 billion in cash and no debt -- and already owning 11 percent of Comcast -- Microsoft found itself in a kingmaker role in the Mediaone bidding.
Far out of view, in a subbasement 20 feet below street level, the old Tiffany vault is still intact.
By granting ICP's and ISV's free licenses to bundle Internet Explorer with their offerings, and by exchanging other valuable inducements for their agreement to distribute, promote and rely on Internet Explorer rather than Navigator, Microsoft directly induced developers to focus on its own API's rather than ones exposed by Navigator.
''Akamai is just doing one of a multitude of things you would want to do to interact with content,'' said David C. Peterschmidt, president and chief executive of Inktomi, whose stock price is up nearly 14 percent so far this year, despite the market's recent turmoil.
Robert S Miller, chief executive of auto parts maker Delphi, predicts that General Motors and Ford Motor could find themselves following Delphi into bankruptcy in next few years unless they take drastic steps to reduce their own labor costs; says his company will do what it can to prevent more bankruptcies in the industry; believes that major auto companies are now engulfed in same industrial turbulence that forced revamping of steel and airline industries, with which he was intmately familiar; photos (L)
Advertising campaigns portraying men in general, and husbands and fathers in particular, as objects of ridicule, pity or even scorn have increased as ads belittling women have disappeared; among them are ads for Bud Light, Domino's, Hummer, T-Mobile and Verizon; 'man as a dope' imagery hyas gathered momentum over last decade, and critics say it has spiraled out of control (M)
Amazon issued a preliminary statement yesterday, but will release its full results for the fourth quarter on Jan. 30.
On top of that, one of the toughest critics of the initial Boeing-Air Force deal, Kenneth Kreig, has just been named the Pentagon's acquisition chief.
The E.E.O.C., which enforces civil rights laws in the workplace, has been investigating complaints of discrimination filed by five women who are current or former employees of Morgan Stanley.
Senior senators from both parties denounce companies that use Bermuda as mail drop to reduce their American income taxes by tens of millions of dollars; Sen Max Baucus, chairman of Finance Committee, and Sen Charles E Grassley, committee's ranking Republican, will introduce legislation to end Bermuda tax break; companies like Ingersoll-Rand, Accenture, Tyco International and Seagate Technology reorganized to create nominal headquarters in Bermuda or Cayman Islands, which have no corporate taxes, while maintaining their headquarters in US; Grassley notes Stanley Works's shareholders will vote in March on Bermuda tax move; Stanley Works vice president Gerard J Gould says there is nothing unpatriotic about following existing law and reinvesting tax savings to grow company for all of its shareholders; Ingersoll-Rand says its move to Bermuda is consistent with US laws; Mark Weinberger, Bush administration's tax policy chief, says best way to end Bermuda moves, as well as abusive corporate tax shelters, is to simplify tax code and make it more compatible with global economy (M)
Microsoft said a companywide trial of the service, called Windows OneCare, would begin next week.
Apple would not comment on the legislation.
Although eBay is the largest online auction site globally, it has only a small position in the Japanese market, with 20,000 items for sale.
The new clothes took up space where Wal-Mart stocked reliable sellers like basic blouses and sensible skirts.
Boeing's existing 737-600 line and the 7E7 long-range jet it is developing should also fare well, he said.
He called for VeriSign's franchise to be revoked because ''if you let them get away with this, there will be chaos on the Net, with anyone getting away with anything.''
General Motors is set to unveil slimmer and cheaper Hummer called H3, which is seen as critical to survival of brand; 167 Hummer dealers are facing sales slump at same time they are spending millions of dollars to fulfill GM's requirement that Hummers be sold in huge glass and steel Quonset huts; H3 is expected to start from $30,000 to $40,000, compared with H2, which starts at just under $50,000, and H1, which starts around $100,000; chart; photo (M)
Correction:  November 14, 2003, Friday  An article in Business Day yesterday about a downgrade in the debt rating of the Ford Motor Company by Standard & Poor's referred incorrectly to the ratings of General Motors and DaimlerChrysler.
The personal injury lawsuits -- or tort cases, as lawyers call them -- can be filed in state or federal courts and in many cases can name other parties, like doctors or drug distributors, as co-defendants with Merck.
Quarterly Profit Falls 14% at News Corporation
Rally in stocks in May, turnaround in credit derivatives and bet against value of euro all helped salvage hedge fund performance in May; outcome was far better than many investors expected after cut in General Motors credit rating to junk status on May 5 led to sharp drop in GM bonds and speculation that some hedge funds were caught wrong-footed; Hedge Fund Research's preliminary results show hedge funds rose 1.16 percent for month compared with decline of 1.52 percent in April; average hedge fund is up 0.35 percent for year (Market Place column) (M)
Indeed, many questions suggest themselves in ''I.B.M.
''If you are using eBay to sell something, you are in essence marketing your product through online search.
Three of the technology blue chips -- Intel, EMC and I.B.M.
As part of the deal, Procter had offered to share with Coke the technology to make drinks that promised to give older consumers more flexible joints and improve the intelligence of younger ones.
In a conference call with investors on Wednesday, Mr. Murdoch ruled out entering the bidding for Disney but predicted a three-way battle for the commanding heights of the media business among his company, Time Warner and Comcast.
Both Advanced Micro and Intel have described the new approach.
Advanced Micro beat Intel to market in the spring with a dual-core server chip, which combines two processors on a single piece of silicon for greater performance without overheating.
Though Home Depot already has two stores in Manhattan, those are multistory, ''with more of a design feel,'' said Yancey Casey, a company spokesman.
Until the AOL-Time Warner deal was announced, the nation's big cable operators had each granted exclusive access to one high-speed Internet provider.
''It generates about $200 million a year in earnings, and we certainly think there is good potential for Prudential to augment that with expense savings,'' Mr. Devine said.
Yahoo said on Tuesday that about a third of its shareholders had voted against the re-election of one or more company directors.
''We checked our search logs and saw films people were looking for,'' said Jeff Bezos, Amazon's chief executive.
It accounted for less than 8 percent of Pfizer's $52 billion in sales last year, and about 4 percent of operating profit.
''I want to buy I.B.M.,'' he suggested.
As a controversial plan by the Air Force to lease Boeing 767 airplanes moves through Congress, the leaders of the Senate Armed Services Committee offered a new proposal yesterday that would allow for the lease of 20 Boeing airplanes and the purchase of 80 more to be used as aerial refueling tankers.
The company has offered a $250,000 bounty for information leading to the author of MyDoom; Microsoft has made a similar offer.
Correction:  September 12, 2002, Thursday  An article yesterday about the final minutes of the Marriott Hotel at 3 World Trade Center misstated the citizenship of Abdul A. Malahi, a hotel employee who was killed there.
The chefs who cook the prepared foods at Whole Foods will shop in the Greenmarket and feature two to four Greenmarket specials daily, Ms. Minardi added.
''Itanium is coming on strong, and I think I.B.M.
CBS has scored its greatest successes in recent years with police procedural shows, but for next season it has moved away from that genre somewhat, though it does still have several new series with themes touching on crime.
Oracle has long given priority to developing for Sun's Solaris variant of Unix.
At first glance, the timing of the new offer might seem odd because the Justice Department has yet to determine whether a merger of Oracle and PeopleSoft would run afoul of antitrust regulations.
That changed four weeks ago, when Ms. White's office swooped in and accepted guilty pleas to Federal insider-trading charges from Ms. Baridis, 29, who worked at Morgan Stanley, Dean Witter, Discover & Company and before that at Smith Barney, a unit of the Travelers Group.
A spokesman for Mr. Roche previously denied any connection between Mr. Roche's job-hunting efforts and his desire to get White House support for the Boeing-Air Force contract.
Last month, by a 19-to-7 vote, the board rejected Apple's second proposal, to tear down the building and replace it with a two-story building with a glass facade, with the logo suspended behind the glass.
A similar protest took place at Humboldt State University and included a group of students who replaced the school's entrance signs with ones that read ''Microsoft University.''
Though the two companies are not now competitors, both AT&T and Microsoft are behemoths with long traditions of dominating their industries.
Whether they trade commodities at Goldman Sachs or mortgage-backed bonds at Bear Stearns, these people have produced anywhere from $25 million to $100 million in revenue for their firms, banking executives say.
In addition, Boeing produces aircraft for the Pentagon like the F/A-18 Hornet fighter jet, the F-15 Eagle fighter-bomber, the C-17 Globemaster transport plane and the AH-64D Apache helicopter.
''Microsoft is still in denial.''
Wal-Mart Stores' victory in opening store in Vermont has been echoed throughout Northeast, where retail has lately been mounting aggressive expansion drive with little of uproar that accompanied its rocky start earlier in decade; what is particularly significant about latest Northeast push is that most of new stores are supercenters; average Wal-Mart supercenter rings up about $55 million to $65 million in annual sales--almost double volume of regular Wal-Mart and seven times that of rival discounter like Ames Department Stores; some analysts believe Wal-Mart is expected to triple its supercenter presence in region in just next two years--expansion that could draw $3 billion more in annual sales; map; chart; photo (M)
The Chrysler Corporation's cars and trucks continued to outsell the rest of the auto industry while the General Motors Corporation reported another month of lackluster sales today.
The Intel Pocket PC Camera, which begins selling today, allows consumers to take Internet-ready photos and record short video clips at or away from the personal computer.
Cisco Systems reports solid growth in profit in its second quarter ended Jan 29; sales were shy of Wall Street forecasts; net income was $1.4 billion compared with $724 million year earlier; revenue was $6.06 billion compared with $5.4 billion year ago; chief executive John T Chambers comments (M)
Intel's shares declined more than 3 percent on Tuesday in after-hours trading.
Microsoft Corp's chief operating officer Robert J Herbold and James L Barksdale, former president of Netscape Communications, to focus on shared interest in high technology as board members of new research organization, the Internet Policy Institute; founders say their Washington-based nonprofit institute is intended to be source of influential and independent research for policy makers (M)
As a result, Mr. Jefferson said AT&T halted its advertising in Rochester last March.
The secret of Intel's success has been its ability to drive the price of computing down by relentlessly squeezing more transistors onto each new generation of silicon chips.
The unit, Verizon Wireless, is the nation's largest wireless operator, and its employees are not striking.
Aetna Will Cut 6,000 Jobs, About a Sixth of the Work Force
Today, Advanced Micro Devices Inc. is producing an impressive chip called the K-6 that in many measurements matches the speed of Intel's Pentiums at a price 25 percent less.
''Right now, Microsoft's strategy is to go after all the corporate account space,'' Mr. Wall said.
But Janice Hayes, a Boeing spokeswoman, said yesterday that it was unclear how many more jobs would be lost.
Procter & Gamble Earnings Top Wall St. Expectations
* Robert Thompson was named to the new post of senior vice president for finance at the Interpublic Group of Companies, New York.
''For the last couple of years, people have known we were going to get aggressive in the phone business and that point is essentially now,'' said Stephen B. Burke, Comcast's chief operating officer.
Microsoft itself engendered, or at least countenanced, instability and inconsistency by permitting Microsoft-friendly modifications to the desktop and boot sequence, and by releasing updates to Internet Explorer more frequently than it released new versions of Windows.
American International Group's directors to meet to discuss many important issues confronting company as regulators press forward in their investigation of whether company used transactions to improperly dress up its financial position; directors plan to discuss March 31 deadline for company to file its annual report with Securities and Exchange Commission and possibility of restatement because of internal review of numerous transactions; audit committee directors are also expected to review relationship between company and two entities run by AIG insiders that were used to compensate company executives (M)
Panasonic and Vivastar are set to introduce DVD-RW drives, which allow users to transfer footage recorded on digital camcorders directly onto DVD's; amateur films may now be presented with quality approaching professional standards; Pioneer's drive will be built into Apple and Compaq personal computers for creating DVD's of commercial clarity; photo (M)
At a news conference, the chief executive, Giancarlo Boschetti, denied rumors that the company had been contacted by General Motors and predicted that Fiat would break even in 2003.
Goldman Sachs Group says it earned $824 million in its fiscal third quarter ended Aug 31, up 29 percent more than $638 million earned in year-earlier period; net revenue rose 33 percent, to $4.53 billion; despite slackening in US stock markets since Nasdaq took dive in April, Goldman and other securities firms have continued to reap extraordinary profits, especially from underwriting and advising on mergers in Europe (Market Place column) (M)
MICROSOFT AND EBAY FORM BROAD ALLIANCE
Westchester got its usual Aaa top rating on its general-obligation debt from Moody's Investors Service yesterday, but it also got something it is not used to.
In addition to General Dynamics, the former officials said opposition to the Northrop bid was likely to come from the Raytheon Company and the Lockheed Martin Corporation, two of Northrop's fiercest competitors in the electronics business.
Motorola pushed aside the Boeing Company to become Teledesic's prime contractor.
WITH American Express estimating that corporate hotel rates will escalate around 15 percent this year, business travelers are trolling for good budget hotel rooms -- and finding them aplenty.
Those results, widely viewed as devastating, further clarified what the Intel Corporation's modest revenue shortfall on Tuesday only hinted at -- that the pricing environment for microprocessors, the silicon brains of personal computers, is the worst it has ever been.
But on Tuesday Mr. Gates received support from one security expert who has been a frequent critic of Microsoft.
Correction of Feb 6 article about Microsoft's decision not to intervene on behalf of Russian school principal charged with software piracy; Business Software Alliance monitors use of illicit software
The role of Wal-Mart was taken up by NPR's ombudsman, Jeffrey Dvorkin, who wrote in his NPR.org online column, ''Wal-Mart symbolizes values that some listeners believe to be antithetical to the values of public radio'' and suggested that ''one way that NPR could prove that underwriting has no effect on its integrity is for NPR to produce more hard-hitting interviews, more investigative reporting and yes, even more scandalizing satires.''
Halliburton's engineering and construction division has gone farther afield, providing engineering and maintenance services to Federal, state and local governments.
But there are clouds on the horizon for Taxus -- growing evidence that while Taxus is easier to insert, Johnson & Johnson's Cypher, the only other drug-coated stent approved for sale in the United States, may produce better results for most patients.
Daniel Niles, chief executive of Neuberger Berman Technology Management, a fund management company in San Francisco, said: ''At least for right now, the technology recovery seems to be on track, given what I.B.M.
General Motors Corp to spin off its Delphi automotive parts maker; spinoff ends 90-year tradition of vertical integration; transformation began in February, when it sold 100 million Delphi shares, or 17.7 percent of company, to public; auto maker plans to spinoff remaining 82.3 percent to those who are GM shareholders; shareholders will get 70 shares of Delphi Automotive Systems Corp for every 100 GM shares they own; Delphi's chairman-chief executive J T Battenberg 3d comments; photo (M)
''I am pleased that the Microsoft case appears headed for resolution and that Illinois consumers will have gained a freer and more competitive marketplace as a result.''
''The ads are for people who don't care what the computer does,'' said Allen Olivo, senior director for worldwide marketing communications at Apple in Cupertino, Calif., ''but care about what they can do with the computer.
Correction:  December 10, 2002, Tuesday  A article in Business Day yesterday about plans by I.B.M.
Its external debt of $264 billion is more than double that of Argentina, and American banks like Citigroup, FleetBoston and J. P. Morgan Chase have much greater exposure to Brazilian loans than to Argentine ones.
Gibboney Huske, an analyst with Credit Suisse First Boston, was even more succinct: ''They came in on expectations, and for Kodak that in itself is news.''
''Microsoft,'' the court wrote, ''failed to meet its burden of showing that its conduct serves a purpose other than protecting its operating system monopoly.''
In AT&T Deal, Microsoft Buys Itself a Stake In 'Post-PC' Era
I.B.M.
The earnings report included an unexpected $256 million restructuring charge to consolidate jobs in Kodak's growing stable of photography labs, a move the company said would result in the elimination of 4,000 jobs, mostly in Europe.
The Microsoft request for more information and for witnesses is just one of the company's tactics in fending off a possible breakup.
DID Lee R. Raymond really manage Exxon Mobil eight times better than Clifton C. Garvin ran Exxon in the 1970's and '80's?
Any offer from Comcast or another cable company, the executive said, would not be made until after AT&T begins the process of spinning off the cable unit by filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, a process expected to begin this summer.
Yahoo earned $164 million in the second quarter, ended June 30.
A spokesman for Morgan Stanley said that the firm thought those purchases were based on public information.
Beinggirl was the domain of Procter's sanitary pad and tampon managers, who used it to educate girls about their changing bodies.
More than 700 I.B.M.
Federal Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson orders Microsoft Corp to give Justice Dept reams of new evidence that Government lawyers say will bolster their antitrust case against Microsoft; Microsoft's lawyers argued that new evidence, intended to demonstrate that Microsoft pressured and bullied Intel Corp, Apple Computer and Real Networks Corp, should not be a part of case since it was not specifically mentioned in original lawsuits filed by Justice Dept and 20 states on May 18 (M)
Corning executives refuse to assign blame for the debacle solely to Mr.
''This swap has been a natural, given Comcast's ownership stake in Time Warner Cable and because Comcast has wanted to monetize that stake,'' said Daniel Zito, an analyst who covers the cable industry for Legg Mason.
Disney officials, responding quickly to a letter sent by Time Warner, simply changed the date to July and faxed it to Time Warner executives, who, after an impromptu huddle, accepted it in the middle of answering questions about their October offer.
Customers would not be allowed to transfer their telephone number to smaller phone companies that lease space on Verizon's network to send and receive calls.
''Many people would like Nike to take a very strong look at expenses,'' she said.
Procter & Gamble announced yesterday that it wanted to unload its peanut butter and cooking oil businesses, contending they no longer fit with the company's long-term strategy.
He said that the company discovered the fraud at a later point in its verification process and then notified both Microsoft and the Federal Bureau of Investigation, which has since started an investigation.
One issue in the labor dispute is the percentage of employees covered by the union contract that Verizon should be permitted to move to other states.
According to the Electronic Advertising & Marketplace Report, an industry newsletter, Yahoo ended 1996 with $19 million in ad revenue; its nearest rivals, Infoseek and Excite, respectively generated an estimated $14.1 million and $13.5 million.
But others say that Boeing's bigger challenge is to change its insular corporate culture, learn to build its planes more cheaply and to capitalize on its natural advantage with airlines.
The shifts, to be formally announced this week, will come soon after the principal Coca-Cola rival, the Pepsi-Cola division of PepsiCo, realigned its agency roster by dismissing divisions of Interpublic and consolidating most assignments at agencies owned by Omnicom.
Microsoft, which routinely has offered pessimistic guidance, said today that it saw no immediate improvement in the outlook for the troubled personal computer industry, still the core of its business.
The music industry was in the doldrums when Apple's store was introduced in 2003, and executives saw it as an answer to the problems it faced with online piracy.
The A380, if successful, would displace the Boeing 747 as the emperor of the skies, ending Boeing's dominance in profitable jumbo jets.
Mr. Jeffress's concern is this: Why would anyone pay to buy software when Microsoft is offering a similar product free?
Aetna Says Rising Costs Will Lead It to Miss Earnings Forecasts
Shareholders of Time Warner Inc. and Turner Broadcasting System Inc. approved the $7 billion merger of the two companies yesterday.
Citigroup has about five billion shares outstanding, making it difficult for any single shareholder, no matter how large, to agitate successfully against the bank.
Some analysts said the job cuts were overdue and should go deeper because Boeing, which had been slow to modernize its production methods, produced less revenue per employee than its main competitor, the European consortium Airbus Industrie.
Amgen Inc receives approval from Food and Drug Administration to market Infergen, a new drug for treating chronic hepatitis C, a viral infection of the liver (S)
and others, the powerful PC axis of Microsoft and Intel announced a strategy today to reduce the cost of owning and using personal computers.
Consumers in many instances do not buy computer operating system software directly from Microsoft, but from computer makers.
The company was formed in 1999 from the merger of Exxon, the top American oil company, with Mobil, the No.
Insurance executives tell Congress that they have plenty of money to pay for about $40 billion of losses from terrorist attacks but that they urgently need help to provide coverage for possible future violence; some leading insurers argue that since terrorism has potential for enormous repeated financial blows, government should take responsibility for paying most expensive claims; say they are not seeking bailout but assistance in confronting immeasurable financial abyss; General Re chairman, Ronald E Ferguson, and Chubb Corp chief executive, Dean R O'Hare, comment; photo (M)
The two companies announced no specific products, but said they had begun working together to ensure that the new Advanced Micro chips, which permit both 32-bit and 64-bit processing, are supported by future versions of Microsoft's Windows operating system.
''The energy business is changing,'' said Frances Resheske, vice president for public affairs at Con Edison in New York, who is responsible for tasks like advertising, public relations and employee communications.
Despite the savings programs, Intel said it would invest more money than ever in improving its products, largely to sharply increase production of its next generation of microprocessor, the Pentium 4.
Yesterday's pro-Microsoft document was prepared by the Washington law firm of Wilmer, Cutler & Pickering.
Comcast has a market capitalization of $26.8 billion, and Mediaone is capitalized at $36.8 billion.
NTL Reassigns Its Chief, Naming a Comcast Executive
Starbucks sold more than 750,000 copies of the album.
MCI's board cited Qwest's relative weakness as a big reason it accepted Verizon's far lower offer.
Comcast is also swapping back to AT&T $1.5 billion in AT&T stock and another $1 billion in the stock of At-Home, a provider of Internet services over cable modems.
Starbucks, which has about 2,000 North American shops, is opening 400 new shops this year.
Symantec to Buy Veritas Software In Deal Worth $13.5 Billion
Safa Rashtchy, an analyst with Piper Jaffray & Company, said he also expected Yahoo's results to be increasing faster than they did in the second quarter.
In a statement, Interpublic said that it believed that the ''best current course of action'' to maximize shareholder value ''continues to be resolving financial reporting issues and improving operating performance.''
There was an access issue here, he said; Verizon should not be able to tell a subscriber to its service what to do with it.
Because the judge ruled that Microsoft's monopoly power allowed it to overcharge for Windows, the big personal computer makers including Dell, Compaq, Gateway and I.B.M.
Using Friday's closing prices, Comcast's offer represents a 32 percent premium to Friday's close of $60.75.
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration denies request by Bridgestone/Firestone to investigate safety defects in Ford Explorer, saying crash data indicate that Explorer is not markedly different from comparable sport utility vehicles; decision is victory for Ford Motor Co and provides vindication for its claim that tread separation problems in Firestone tires, not in Explorer, led to higher than normal rate of fatal rollovers in vehicles (M)
Kurt Weingand, a veterinarian and the associate director of external relations for Procter & Gamble's pet care business, said that the company had been told of 20 cats that had developed kidney failure in the last two weeks.
They would not say how much, but they pointedly noted that Mr. Murdoch's original offer, more than a year ago -- the offer he thought had produced a firm commitment from Mr. Levin for a deal, the offer whose rejection so enraged him that he initiated lawsuits and had politicians attack Time Warner -- was for $20 a subscriber.
The books division of AOL Time Warner, the last of the five largest publishers, has so far declined to sell its digital books through Yahoo.
The decline in profitability, however, would be balanced by the decline in debt, which in turn could give Verizon the flexibility to buy back some of its shares or help finance the purchase of the 45 percent of Verizon Wireless now owned by Vodafone.
Then the ad, showing three real Verizon workers standing stiffly, says, ''Have you seen Verizon's 'diner' ads where actors go on and on about how good benefits are at Verizon?
Apple recently announced that it was pulling its products out of retail chains including Best Buy, Circuit City, OfficeMax and Sears, though it said it would keep its dedicated sections at CompUSA.
Seeking to forestall an indictment, Wal-Mart Stores is in settlement talks with federal prosecutors who are investigating whether company officials knew that its janitorial contractors were using illegal immigrants to clean its stores, lawyers close to the case said yesterday.
''If the jury believes that the person took Vioxx regularly, they will hold Merck liable for the heart attack,'' said Robert Gordon, a plaintiffs' lawyer at Weitz & Luxenberg.
And Motorola has been refashioning itself into a software and Internet company, forming alliances with Internet and networking companies and developing phones equipped with Internet browsers.
In a larger sense, Mr. Watson said the problems for Comcast are a result of the effort to deploy an Internet service in very short order.
Had its offer been accepted and approved, AT&T could have gotten, for a relatively modest investment, a strong foothold in Italy's corporate market and an expanded presence in Germany, France and the Netherlands -- countries where Telecom Italia has been building broadband Internet businesses.
Like background applets in Windows, they load into memory when the system starts and may strain the computer's available memory.
Mr. Rosensweig, the chief operating officer, said Yahoo's intention had always been to combine content from users, media companies and to a lesser extent its own creation.
The Food and Drug Administration has decided that Abbott Laboratories can continue to sell its weight-loss drug Meridia, ruling against a consumer group's argument that the drug should be banned for safety reasons.
Part of Mr. Murdoch's plan, this person said, is to not just expand The Journal's online presence to other parts of the world where he does business, but to use its online unit as the backbone for a financial news portal that could draw on material from his far-flung news outlets.
With double-digit percentage increases in health costs each year, Boeing asserts that its workers must contribute more for health coverage.
Eagan also suggested that News Corporation did not want any further involvement in Cablevision's opposition to a stadium for the Jets on the Far West Side of Manhattan.
Norfolk Southern and CSX expect to file a joint merger application early in June with the Surface Transportation Board, the Federal regulatory agency that must approve all railroad mergers.
''I hate not being able to call you or write you,'' Ms. Roehm wrote early last fall, according to an e-mail message Mr. Womack's wife provided to Wal-Mart.
Two years ago, I.B.M.
German politician says General Motors' Opel division shifted some auto production from its plants in Germany to factory in Gliwice, Poland, to reward Polish government for its support of Bush administration's war in Iraq; GM dismisses political motives, noting that Poland's far lower labor costs give it compelling economic incentive to move; GM has announced in last 11 days that it would cut up to 12,000 jobs in Europe, majority in Germany; GM has been criticized for making its decision without negotiations, which is against German custom; photo (M)
As a result, regulators are trying to determine whether the transactions American International Group conducted with these companies were done for legitimate reasons -- transferring risk and assuming the economic responsibility for doing so -- or simply as a way to obtain favorable tax or accounting treatment.
Ms. Smith said that of the 100 or so sales she makes each month, a handful have resulted in thank-you notes from customers who say they have been defrauded on eBay .
General Dynamics was small in this business and this makes them larger.''
Most of the decisions Mr. Jobs has made since returning to Apple have been well received, but the company's market share has continued to erode in the face of fierce price competition.
Fred Anderson, Apple's chief financial officer, said today that revenue in the third quarter would probably be flat compared with the second, but that fourth quarter revenue would be up from the third quarter.
Negotiators from both sides will perhaps try to find support for their positions in the quarterly financial results Verizon reported yesterday.
In the case, Dr. LaCorte also contends that Merck gave hospitals substantial discounts on Pepcid to prompt them to switch patients to that drug.
(ii)  offering its own Internet sign-up process in the initial boot sequence of the Windows Operating System that includes the option to make non-Microsoft Web browsing software the Default Browser on a new Personal Computer and to remove the Internet Explorer icon from the Windows Operating System desktop if the end user elects to make non-Microsoft Web browsing software the Default Browser,
For the three months ended June 30 General Motors earned $477 million, or $1.03 a diluted share, compared with earnings of $1.75 billion, or $2.93 a diluted share.
The distinction dates back to Pfizer's original work on the drug.
''There is nothing I can say to gloss over how devastating the Learning Company's results have been to Mattel's overall performance,'' Ms. Barad said in a conference call with analysts yesterday.
I.B.M.
BENNINGTON, Vt., April 5 (AP) -- An attempt to halt the expansion of a Wal-Mart store in Bennington failed on Tuesday when the retailer won a vote on whether to cap the size of retailers to 75,000 square feet.
Technology Briefing
But the announcement came on a day when AT&T said it would begin competing with Verizon to sell local phone service in Virginia and Maryland, and Cablevision Systems announced plans to sell phone service on Long Island, another Verizon market, this fall over its cable network.
That temporary stint turned into almost 14 years overseas for Pfizer, mostly in Asia.
Researchers at IBM and Georgia Institute of Technology are set to announce that they have broken speed record for silicon-based chips with semiconductor that operates at 500 gigahertz, 250 times faster than chips currently in use; researchers, using liquid helium, achieved speed by freezing chip to 451 degrees below zero Fahrenheit; at room temperature, chips operate at 350 gigahertz, far faster than other chips in commercial use today (M)
''Once we hear more about date, price, quantities and connectivity, those are sort of the last pieces that fall into place so everyone in the industry can finalize their plans,'' said Frank Gibeau, an executive vice president at Electronic Arts and general manager of the company's core North American publishing operation.
Because the union typically reaches a deal with one of the Big Three auto makers, then insists the others accept similar terms, the DaimlerChrysler pact is expected to lay out a pattern for the General Motors Corporation and Ford Motor to follow in their contracts, which are being negotiated.
Officials at Micron said it had a net loss of $24.2 million, or 4 cents a share, on sales of $771.2 million for the period that ended May 30.
Mr. Black, whom the dust jacket identifies as an expert on commercial relations with the Third Reich, recapitulates a complicated corporate record of I.B.M.
Another Wall Street firm, Morgan Stanley Dean Witter, received calls from angry customers, some threatening to withdraw their assets, after it had agreed to pay Mr. Clinton $100,000 to speak at a conference in Florida last week.
''This isn't a short-term reaction to the economy,'' said Keith Price, a Goodyear spokesman.
Some securities lawyers said that it would be difficult to prove such a contribution was done in exchange for Mr. Grubman's upgrade of AT&T.
Honeywell said today that its board had met and that its directors remained committed to the acquisition by General Electric.
Royal Caribbean will pay $515 million in cash and stock and will assume $800 million of debt.
But he does have an opinion: that the AOL-Time Warner merger is nothing to fear or prevent.
In a conference call with Morgan Stanley employees yesterday, Stephen S. Crawford and Zoe Cruz, the firm's new co-presidents, cited a fresh batch of deals in Europe as evidence that the firm was thriving.
''It's a huge loss; he's very well plugged in,'' a former Morgan Stanley executive said.
Amazon.com surprises Wall Street by saying it will report smaller loss than it forecast in quarter just ended despite little if any growth in its primary business of selling books in this country (M)
Microsoft's device is tentatively called X-Box, and Nintendo's is code-named Dolphin.
The federal suit is the latest development in a long-running battle between Allstate and some of its current and former agents growing out a decision by the company to transform its sales force from employees with pensions, health benefits and subsidies for office expenses to independent contractors.
Still, Anne M. Mulcahy, Xerox's chief executive, made no attempt to sugarcoat the quarter.
Mr. Orr's salary last year was $600,000, according to Interpublic, and Mr. Dooner's was $1.25 million.
Unlike Microsoft's Passport, he said, the Sun software is more a building-block technology that will allow companies to make their own online identification and authentication services.
After investigators discovered the violation and asked about it, Halliburton sent the affected people their money, the correspondence states, and put the missing stock into the correct employee pension funds.
And at a time when Google has stalled in getting some new products to the market, Yahoo has been methodically working on a master list of projects: first, core Internet search, then shopping search, local search and next travel search, according to Danny Sullivan, the editor of Search Engine Watch, an Internet news site.
The amount exceeded Coca-Cola's previously announced 7 percent to 8 percent forecast.
Today Microsoft added the final piece of a computing strategy initially sketched out by its former chief technology officer, Nathan Myhrvold, a decade ago: to produce operating systems stretching from the smallest hand-held computers to the most powerful supercomputers.
Microsoft executives discount the ability to share programs widely, saying most programmers work on the Windows platform, where performance and compatibility issues take precedence.
Intel May Be Weighing A Split From Havas
Merck & Company has obtained rights to license an experimental drug to treat obesity that has generated scientific interest because it is based on a hormone used by the body to signal that it has eaten enough.
But, they note, Kodak could preserve jobs and yet reduce its own payroll by outsourcing them rather than cutting them outright.
In 1995, when he became chief executive of the Halliburton Company, a Dallas oil services company, he received an annual salary and bonus of $1.3 million to $3 million, along with stock options and Halliburton shares.
For anyone who has ever missed a top-rated television program and wondered what all the fuss was about, Time Warner Cable may one day have an answer.
Microsoft's patent, No.
When he was plucked from retirement in April, his life involved shuttling among Corning; Boston (he is on the board that runs Harvard); his Manhattan apartment (not far from from Lincoln Center, where he indulges a passion for opera, and an easy cab ride from the Metropolitan Museum of Art, where he leads the board); and his Maine summer home.
Still, getting on the wrong side of Wal-Mart is not widely viewed as an option.
If .Net Passport becomes popular, Microsoft will play a prominent middleman role in e-commerce transactions.
Also, Philip M. Condit, the president of Boeing, says that half the company's revenue now comes from space and defense contracts.
He dispatched executives to Japan to learn about modern manufacturing techniques, and Boeing began to adopt a just-in-time inventory system and to shrink its supplier base.
Mr. Conway and other PeopleSoft executives argued from the start that Oracle's goal was to disrupt the company's business.
Despite some scattered signs of a slowdown, like Wal-Mart's announcement yesterday, consumer spending has continued to increase.
According to people close to the deal, Citigroup has teamed up with several huge state-owned Chinese companies, including the China Life Group, an insurance company, and the State Grid, a national power company.
A class-action suit filed against VeriSign in California Superior Court in May alleges that beginning in April, VeriSign began mailing marketing letters to its rivals' customers.
But as the third chief executive in two years at the Interpublic Group of Companies, whose units work for marketers like Bank of America, Coca-Cola and Microsoft, Mr. Roth -- by all descriptions a frank, decisive and competitive man -- confronts myriad problems.
Executives close to the talks say that General Electric has offered to divest itself of assets worth as much as $3 billion in annual revenue.
Draft and Draft FCB may not have put the Wal-Mart experience entirely behind them.
''Our need to have innovative, creative marketing in the U.S. is more important than ever before,'' said Richard Lovell, a spokesman for Kellogg in Battle Creek, Mich.
The most visible fracture in the Wintel alliance came last year when Microsoft chose I.B.M.
Apple said its investigation also ''raised serious concerns'' about the activities of two other former Apple officers, but a company statement released last week did not name them.
It already owns 11 percent of Hammerhead, which makes software that runs on Cisco s hardware for service providers, and 14 percent of Navarro, which makes networking chips.
Recent announcements of data breaches by UCLA (800,000 records), and Aetna (130,000) moved total to threshold, when Boeing Co reveals that laptop recently stolen from employee's car contained names, Social Security numbers and other data on 382,000 current and former employees, bringing total to 100,152,801 records; there was no question about motive and quarry in incident involving University of California, Los Angeles; hacker, or hackers, have been entering restricted database for over year before beach was discovered; educational institutions have particularly acute problem when it comes to nation's leaky data issue; study by Public Policy Institute for AARP last July, using data compiled by Identity Theft Resource Center, determined that of 90 million records reportedly compromised in various breaches between Jan 1, 2005, and May 26, 2006, 43 percent were at educational institutions; University of Colorado at Boulder announces that names and Social Security numbers of 17,500 former students may have been exposed in attack on server; drawing (L)
Amazon.com Is Planning to Sell PC's for First Time
Mr. Wendt plans this morning to announce the selection of the last member of the team, his chief financial officer: Charles B. Chokel, who spent 23 years at the Progressive Corporation, a leading auto insurer.
Mr. Daft said Mr. Stahl had ''concluded that, having helped the Coca-Cola Company reset its agenda and priorities, he wanted to seek new leadership challenges elsewhere.''
download MP3 files, although Honeywell promises that will change with its next release.
''The traditional exits have not been as readily available,'' said Alan K. Jones, a managing director at Morgan Stanley.
General Motors expressed disappointment, but said it would not affect a larger commitment to G.M.
These are used not just by Microsoft but by other software makers as well.
's $1.3 billion profit, $860 million came from the General Motors Acceptance Corporation, the company's financing division, up from $834 million a year earlier.
While Halliburton appears to be within its legal rights as the current sponsor of the workers' pension plan, its handling of their retirement benefits contrasts starkly with its treatment of Vice President Dick Cheney, who was chief executive of Halliburton during the acquisition and then the spinoff.
Like an acoustic version of the Alanis Morissette album ''Jagged Little Pill,'' which Starbucks began selling several weeks ago, the Dylan release will not initially be available anywhere else, in this case for 18 months.
TOKYO, Thursday, Feb. 26 (Bloomberg News) -- Japan's Fair Trade Commission said on Thursday that it had raided Microsoft's Tokyo office.
Microsoft intends to use material from the book as evidence that Netscape's troubles resulted largely from its own missteps, not from any predatory practices by Microsoft.
Internet, particularly Web sites like Amazon and eBay, has given millions of consumers easy way to find cheap books, raising concerns among publishers about impact of rising used-book sales on new-book sales; industry has yet to formulate response; photo (M)
Boeing has missed delivery dates on several planes and its stock, which closed at $37.8125 on Friday, is down nearly 8 percent since the strike began.
Wal-Mart also announced yesterday that starting in February it will switch from its schedule of weekly sales updates to a quarterly report providing guidance on earnings and sales.
Although Microsoft has said for months that it is cooperating with the commission in the hope of settling the case, there has been little evidence of any progress toward such.
Buoyed by accelerating growth overseas, Yahoo posted stronger-than-expected profit and revenue for the first quarter.
Apple Computer and its charismatic chief executive, Steven P. Jobs, are expected to make a big announcement about a new product at the Macworld conference next month.
In a conference call with analysts, investors and reporters, Mr. Lafley said he would spend the next six weeks studying Procter's spending to decide which efforts should continue to receive their current levels of investment.
Cisco Planning an Alternative To Traditional Switch Systems
General Motors, the world's largest automaker, took steps on Thursday to mitigate problems both under the hood and in its financial reports.
As for the continued health of Babies ''R'' Us, Mr. Flickinger said he was in a new Wal-Mart in Gulf Shores, Ala., this week where a special baby department had been set up selling everything from infant formula to baby clothes.
A combined Adidas-Reebok would control about 20 percent of the market, but would still remain behind Nike, which has about a third of the $145 billion worldwide market.
They have preferred rival offerings or, as in the Liberty case, cooperated to create a competing technology -- despite the billions of dollars Microsoft has spent to gain entry into these markets.
Citigroup Global Markets.
Yet the renewed growth at I.B.M., analysts say, is evidence that the overhaul of I.B.M.
Still, the company's reputation among customers was intact when USA Waste Services bought it last year, one reason the new parent chose to retain the Waste Management name instead of its own.
But the Newton ultimately failed, as did several more recent attempts, including a pen-based I.B.M.
The spread of DVD players spawned Netflix, the online rental service that sends movies by mail.
The name ''oraclemobile.com'' is owned by someone Mr. Ellison described as a ''squatter,'' but he promised that Oracle would get that Web address ''very shortly.''
Interpublic Group of Companies creates Coca-Cola TV commercial; Havas Advertising reorganizes subdivisions; Big Bang Communications is renamed Origin Communications (S)
Oracle's Results for Quarter Beat Wall St.
Faster connections and the audience's embrace of Web video have persuaded Microsoft executives to intensify their original programming ambitions.
But Jacqueline Woods, vice president for global practices at Oracle, said Oracle would not enforce its definition of the contract or charge confused customers additional fees.
He said Excel had been gradually moving its calls for the last year, adding that Frontier's revenue from Excel declined to a projected $76 million in the fourth quarter from $231 million in the first quarter of 1996.
Although there are Target stores in Brooklyn, the Bronx and Queens, with two more opening this month, Times Square's borough has none.
Opening arguments are set to begin in Carol Ernst's lawsuit alleging that her husband's death in May 2001 was caused by Merck's painkiller Vioxx and that Merck knew of drug's dangers years before pulling it from market in September 2004; medical examiner found that husband, Robert Ernst, died of arrhythmia, but Merck contends that Vioxx has not been linked to arrhythmias; Mrs Ernst's lawyer will seek to prove not only that Merck was responsible for her husband's death, but also that her unexpected loss created void that has monetary value beyond lost earnings; Ernst had relatively low-paying job at Wal-Mart when he died at age 59; this is first of many thousands of Vioxx-related lawsuits to go to trial; photos (M)
Apple also announced the resignation of Heidi Roizen, the 38-year-old founder of a Silicon Valley software company, who had joined Apple last February as part of an effort to court the crucial community of third-party software developers that write programs for the Macintosh.
Morgan Stanley's earnings included a $73 million gain before taxes on the sale of a building near Times Square in Manhattan to Lehman, whose former headquarters were damaged in the attack on the World Trade Center.
''Microsoft may have saved us from ourselves,'' this official said, because of the company's unwillingness to accept even the Justice Department's proposal.
''Without Coca-Cola,'' he said, ''Kaiser would die.''
Oracle, in Pursuit of PeopleSoft, Relents on Merger
's directors approved the deal yesterday after Honeywell's board voted on Saturday evening in favor of being acquired by G.E., the nation's largest old-time conglomerate.
Indeed, Amazon's popularity appears to be growing.
Moody's Investors Service said that it was considering a downgrade of Dynegy's credit rating because of potential liabilities from litigation with Enron.
Mr. Schultz told analysts and investors in a conference call late Wednesday that the company would  create the ''premier life style portal on the Internet,'' saying that the Starbucks Web site would offer ''a feeling of romance, of relaxation'' similar to what he said a customer might experience in a coffee shop.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 12 -- A pension fund investor wants Google to give equal voting rights to all shareholders, saying its current ownership structure reduces management accountability.
Time Warner Inc. has made its first deal to allow an independent Internet service provider access to its cable system, a move that was made as the company seeks to be granted regulatory approval for its planned $121 billion acquisition by America Online Inc.
Microsoft Corp will introduce its new 'massively multiplayer' Internet game, Allegiance, at its Gamestock event; game requires powerful desktop computer, fast graphics accelerator card and Internet connection; it can be played simultaneously by thousands of computer users; game reveals uninhibited nature of Microsoft Corp's research laboratory, which is peopled by world-class group of scientists, engineers and hackers; under direction of Rick Rashid, vice president for research, Microsoft Research embraces almost full breadth of computing and software; photo (M)
Among other things, it would essentially control Airbus Industrie, Boeing's bitter rival in commercial aircraft production, as well as Arianespace S.A., currently the world's biggest commercial rocket-launching company.
In the last year, I.B.M.
Priceline, based in Norwalk, Conn., said it had $228 million in revenue in the fourth quarter, down from $341 million in the third quarter.
People close to the negotiations say AOL is trying to persuade AT&T to go along with a deal in which it would swap its interest in Time Warner Entertainment for a minority stake in a new entity that would include all of AOL Time Warner's cable television systems, but not HBO or the film studio.
And in some industries, others said, a unified Citigroup team can be a big disadvantage.
Officials from General Dynamics and Newport News have said that they expect their transaction to close this summer.
Consumers, Microsoft said, benefited from its decision to fold Internet browsing software into its industry-standard Windows operating system.
Oracle's latest bid is a move to put the PeopleSoft board in a tighter corner.
British Airways, in blow to Boeing Co, is expected to make its first purchase from rival Airbus Industrie, up to 259 medium-range, single-aisle planes worth $11 billion; is also buying long-haul Boeing 777 jets; graph (M)
BB&T, the nation's ninth-largest financial holding company, announced yesterday that it would deny loans to developers building shopping malls and other private projects on land acquired through eminent domain.
''Culture is change, and so Coca-Cola has to change its packaging,'' Mr. Balkind, who did not work on the redesign, said.
CSX Corp and Norfolk Southern Corp announce agreement that details how two companies would split assets of Conrail; CSX and Norfolk Southern will jointly pay $115 cash a share, or $10.2 billion, for Conrail; two rival railroads will then divide Conrail, with CSX paying $4.3 billion for 42 percent of assets and Norfolk Southern paying $5.9 billion for remaining 58 percent; map (L)
I.B.M.
But even against that backdrop, Xerox seems to be suffering most.
Mr. Golub said American Express was not willing to go after a contract with the Government if a bidding war meant that that the profitability of its card business would suffer.
Asked if the audits could delay delivery schedules, which have been a problem recently for Boeing, Ms. Erickson said: ''When we do an evaluation like this, the F.A.A.
In-Stat/MDR expects Broadcom and Texas Instruments will be only surviving manufacturers among eight companies that make chips for cable modems used for high-speed Internet access; photo; graph (S)
Unless the insurance companies cooperated, the investigators said, Aon might steer corporate business to other insurance companies, resulting in less profit for the balky insurance companies and potentially more expensive and less appropriate coverage for the corporate clients.
Three months after New York City granted generous tax break to one division of Time Warner Inc, Giuliani administration has agreed to provide media giant with an additional $28 million subsidy for its publishing division; real estate executives say that Warner Music is scouring Manhattan for new location and government incentive (M)
Most General Motors workers expected announcement that company plans to eliminate more than 20 percent of its blue-collar jobs in US; Barney Morgan, worker at Flint, Mich, meatl center says he is used to watching number of workers around him shrink; number of jobs is down about third since 1998, when plant had close to 3,400 employees; GM has not said where latest round of employee cutbacks will hit hardest or which factories will close; many workers say they have reluctantly grown to accept fact that job insecurity comes with working in auto industry; map; photo (M)
''Given that Microsoft dominates the personal computer world, it's clear that they also want to impose some sort of standard'' on the future of cable services, in Britain, Continental Europe and the United States.
Another concern centered on how long it seemed to be taking to address problems previously identified as priorities, like reorganizing Interpublic's lagging media operations, particularly as Omnicom and WPP keep thriving.
Merck executives said they analyzed these findings on Sunday and Monday and informed members of the Merck board on Tuesday.
Pfizer Plans to Offer Prescriptions To the Elderly for a Monthly Fee
Cisco trades at nearly 80 times its projected earnings for the July 2001 fiscal year, and the company's valuation exceeds $400 billion, trailing only General Electric.
Halliburton, a pipeline services company based in Houston, took on the asbestos liabilities when it bought Dresser, a pipeline equipment maker, while Dick Cheney was chief executive of Halliburton.
The board's surprise decision aligned it with the increasingly outspoken complaints of Hynix shareholders and workers, who had threatened to wage a prolonged campaign against the Micron deal.
The advisory panel on Tuesday also recommended that Medtronic be barred from claiming that using artificial disks to preserve a patient's range of motion could protect adjacent natural disks from degeneration.
Seven people who are on panel and have been taking chances through ups and downs of Internet exchange e-mail messages on future of Web for business community; they are Patrick Byrne of Overstock.com, Bill Gross of Idealab, Vincent Caminiti of Delta Air Lines, Mark T Hogan of General Motors, Ted Leonsis of America Online; Roger McNamee of Integral Capital Partners, and Stephen Riggio of Barnes & Noble; partial text of their discussion; photos (L)
One day after Kraft Foods and Procter & Gamble announced that they would shun contentious new talk show The Savage Nation hosted by Michael Savage, commercials for two of their products appeared on program's debt episode March 8 by mistake; Kraft and Procter & Gamble also reiterate their decisions to avoid show because its contents do not meet their guidelines for acceptable content; activist groups like National Organization for Women and Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation have protested decision by MSNBC executives to give Savage progam and urged advertiser to boycott it; photo (M)
But the Bank of America's mailing of 60,000 BankAmericards to residents of Fresno, Calif., in 1958, followed months later by two million cards mailed to other California residents, in city after city, was the official dawn of the bank credit card.
MOODY'S UPGRADES BRAZIL
Another entry is the Oqo Model 2, a hand-held computer being spotlighted this week at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, including a mention in a keynote address by Bill Gates, the Microsoft chairman.
Mr. Jobs likes to compare Apple's status to that of a maker of luxury automobiles, saying that his company has a larger share of the personal computer market than Mercedes and BMW combined have of the car market.
Google and Microsoft separately plan to introduce enhanced information sharing services for Internet users; Microsoft plans for first time to offer service called MSN Spaces, which will allow users to create personal Web logs, or blogs; will also offer updated version of company's instant messaging program; Google is bringing out second version of its Google Groups service, based on Usenet, online message archive, which it acquired in 2001; new version of Groups is intended to make it easier for Internet users to manage lists for online discussion groups and create both public or private discussion groups on any topic (M)
But General Electric, as a globally known and respected company, would bring prestige that Vivendi might value just as highly, this person said.
With these factors in play, investors have sent Verizon's stock down 24.8 percent this year.
AT&T names Betsy J Bernard chief executive of its troubled consumer-services operations (M)
Corporate America, once considered anathema to all things entrepreneurial, is becoming a birthing ground for start-up businesses; often, big companies let fledgling firms buy into their benefits programs, use their lawyers and other support staff and drop their name with customers; but the small companies manage their own budgets, design their own compensation plans and live or die by their own decisions; example cited of giant Xerox Corp, which two years ago started a New Enterprises division, whose sole purpose is to keep promising products from falling through corporate cracks; group spun out Chrystal Software as a separate company, which Xerox expects to take public next year; drawing (Special section on entrepreneurship in America) (M)
Comcast Corp abandons its $54.1 billion hostile takeover bid for Walt Disney Co, faced with Disney's continued refusal to consider selling and falling price of Comcast stock since offer was made; withdrawal offers Disney and its chief executive Michael D Eisner only temporary relief from their critics; restive shareholders are so convinced that Eisner has mismanaged company that they forced Disney's board to strip him of his chairman's title last month; Roy E Disney, Walt Disney's nephew and former board member, reaffirms his commitment to force Eisner out; what has drawn his particular ire, and surprised some Wall St analysts and investors, is board's decision not to initiate formal succession plan for Eisner; photo (M)
August auto sales climb 13.5 percent, fueled by no-interest financing and rebates; more pickup trucks and sport utility vehicles are sold in August than in any single month in industry's history; light trucks make up 51.5 percent of industry sales; total sales are 18.7 million vehicles, compared with 16.4 million year ago; Ford Motor reports 8.2 percent increase in sales; General Motors Corp sales climb 18.2 percent; says it will extend its incentives to 2003 model vehicles as will Chrysler; Ford is expected to follow; chart; photo (M)
''We were uneasy about online submission,'' said Cao O, the executive director of the Asian American Federation of New York, which was awarded a $100,000 Verizon grant.
Some Target stores had been fined or had licenses to sell tobacco temporarily suspended in Minnesota towns with tobacco control ordinances.
''It's like General Electric, which has subsidiaries all over the world.''
Shares of Boeing dropped $1.8125 a share, to close at $39 on a day that the Dow Jones industrial average plunged 258.44 points yesterday.
''But 8 percent growth is still faster than the economy as a whole, and the big media companies like Time Warner, Disney and Viacom will get more than their fair share.''
P & O shareholders are scheduled to vote on Feb. 14 on whether to accept a $2.9 billion takeover offer by Royal Caribbean, based in Miami.
Intel has been developing the new Xeon processors under the code-name Paxville.
Also today, PeopleSoft reported earnings for the second quarter that beat the company's projections, despite the turmoil created by the Oracle Corporation in its hostile takeover bid for PeopleSoft.
Chinese regulators take away Pfizer Inc's patent there for Viagra in case that Bush administration considers important test of China's commitment to international trade agreements; Consumer Project on Technology director James Love says Chinese decision is sensible and consistent with international rules; Pfizer received so-called use patent for Viagra from Chinese in 2001, decision that was challenged by producers of generic drugs; Pfizer will appeal ruling; ruling may have little effect in China because genuine Viagra sales there are minimal; Viagra imitation drugs are widely available in much of Asia; photo (M)
Relying on that logic, Goldman Sachs recently reduced its long-term earnings forecasts for several major e-commerce companies, including Amazon.com, 1800Flowers.com and Ebay, among others.
He lowered his ratings on Cisco and Nortel and warned that many smaller companies could fail to meet earnings expectations.
In the heyday of the mainframe, many engineers say, I.B.M.
The new bid could give Oracle additional leverage against PeopleSoft.
Neil Strauss's Pop Life column on music-related technology displayed at House of Blues in Los Angeles, where Microsoft Corp has announced its entry into business of downloading and streaming music from Internet; photo (M)
Prosecutors said Mr. Abdallah used couriers, cab companies and others to pick up packages that he had ordered in the names of some of his victims, and tracked them using the Federal Express and United Parcel Service Web sites.
Edward Breen Jr., president and chief operating officer of Motorola, told analysts in a conference call yesterday that the company could report earnings of as much as 15 cents a share for 2002, if sales for the year reach the high end of projections.
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter in New York is expanding its relationship with Leo Burnett USA in Chicago by awarding the agency a new assignment, to create worldwide campaigns for the Morgan Stanley brand.
It will use a customized version of the Windows CE operating system, Microsoft's slimmed-down version of Windows.
The commission and Honeywell's rivals fear that the unit, the world's largest aircraft lessor, would pick Honeywell products exclusively for the planes it buys.
Zagats release their 2001 Airline Survey; midsize and smaller carriers are highest rated; top-rated domestic airline for economy-class travel is Midwest Express Airlines; for premium-service seats, top five domestic carriers are Hawaiian Airlines, Alaska Airlines, Continental Airlines, American Airlines and United Airlines (Business Travel column) (M)
After striking a reef on Monday while leaving St. Maarten in the French West Indies, Royal Caribbean's Monarch of the Seas has canceled its scheduled voyage this Sunday and may cancel others, pending assessment of the damage.
But with supplies assured, ExxonMobil faced an equally knotty demand problem.
In a conference call with analysts in November to discuss results for the third quarter of 2004 -- the seventh consecutive quarter of red ink for Interpublic -- Mr. Bell said Mr. Roth would be assuming more operational responsibilities.
But much of the rest of the industry, including several units of Time Warner with very different points of view, are already preparing for battle.
Federal securities regulators are investigating whether Bristol-Myers Squibb overstated revenue last year by giving wholesalers incentives to buy extraordinary amounts of the company's prescription drugs, the company said yesterday.
More casual looks hang in the back of the store, under the name Gap Edition, based on the company's sportswear classics, including jeans and $98 cotton rain jackets in purple, pink and khaki.
Betting that future Internet traffic will fill communications pipelines as fast as they can be built, the Frontier Corporation and the Qwest Communications Corporation announced plans for a $2 billion national network to carry telephone conversations and data.
The government charged that Microsoft illegally tied its browser, called Internet Explorer, to its industry-standard Windows operating system, an allegation Microsoft denies.
Federal court jury orders Vonage Holdings Corp to pay $58 million for infringing Verizon's patents, dealing blow to company already showing signs of stress; rules Vonage violated three Verizon patents covering some of technology that allows low-cost voice calls to be made over Internet; amount of $58 million is substantially less than $197 million that Verizon requested, and is even less than what Vonage suggested would be fair if it was found liable; Vonage to appeal (M)
Several union members said the vote was tainted, asserting that union leaders had misled workers by telling them that the mediator had ordered, rather than invited, the two sides to meet again and that Boeing had refused.
TECHNOLOGY  Correction:  April 11, 2003, Friday  An article in Business Day yesterday about the first-quarter financial results of Yahoo misstated the number of subscribers to its various fee-based services.
But whether Mattel can make Harry Potter into the next Barbie depends on how good the film is, she said.
Chief of Apple Computer Soothes the Jittery Faithful
A business document with color graphics costs 7 cents a page using Kodak ink, versus 14 cents of H.P.
''But if you want to do something about Microsoft, go give them some competition,'' he said.
Boeing's former chief financial officer, Michael Sears, has also pleaded guilty in the case.
RealNetworks, in major challenge to Microsoft, plans new version of its software that can distribute audio and video in range of formats, including Microsoft's own proprietary Windows Media; software is intended for large media companies and other corporations that need to send audio and video data to customers and employees in variety of different formats; company admits Microsoft might raise legal objections, but holds strategy is good for both Microsoft and consumers; photo (M)
The women bringing yesterday's suit against Wal-Mart said they were routinely denied the chance to move up in the company because they had not been made aware of openings or given the support necessary to advance.
While enjoying a reputation as one of the most minority-friendly companies in the world, Coke also struggled internally with its treatment of its black employees.
Microsoft has recently noted some problems users are having with Service Pack 2 and about 50 programs.
The American Express Company reported yesterday that its third-quarter earnings had more than doubled from the period a year earlier, when it was suffering from a slump in travel and spending after the terrorist attacks, bad junk-bond investments and costs from layoffs.
Amazon Starts A Storefront For Computers
The Boeing Company announced yesterday that it would stop producing the MD-11 wide-body jet late next year and lay off some workers because of slumping demand for the aircraft.
The tapes were being transported by Iron Mountain, a records management company that routinely handles offsite data storage for Time Warner and dozens of other Fortune 500 companies.
Morgan Stanley agreed last week to pay $1.65 million to settle a case brought by regulators that it had failed to maintain e-mail messages as is required by securities laws.
Microsoft Seems Near Deal to Invest in U S West Cable TV
''The very first time I did the Wal-Mart cheer, I felt a little foolish,'' he said.
New line of televisions from RCA have special connection for Microsoft Xbox that helps eliminate snarl of cables behind set; also improves game image; photo (M)
That was certainly true with the  Advantix, Kodak's version of a higher-tech silver halide film camera that it co-developed with Canon, Fuji, Minolta and Nikon.
Based on the closing stock prices on Friday, before the deal was announced, Comcast was paying $80.16 a share.
The News Corporation's $2 billion charge roughly reflects 42.6 percent of Gemstar-TV Guide's $5 billion write-down.
That falls below the 4 percent threshold that gives regulators the legal authority to demand from Allstate a written plan and possibly to order changes.
A 2nd Loss For Merck Over Vioxx
And Yahoo sued Golddisk.net and some related companies in Kitchener, Ontario, which have sent nearly 94 million e-mail messages to Yahoo users so far this year offering mortgages, insurance and travel services.
Kodak has cut 30,000 jobs over the last six years, and most analysts expect even more layoffs.
Mr. Niles said the size of the shortfall was so substantial because it appeared to result not just from the economic slowdown hurting companies in a range of sectors, but from Apple's own missteps.
''It seems Boeing is now ready to scrap the exclusive contracts.
Five years ago, when Procter's sales were temporarily stagnating as new products floundered, Durk Jager, then the chief executive, broached the possibility of a merger with Gillette executives and was rebuffed.
The mobile phone service affiliate of the state-run Korea Telecom Corporation, the Korea Telecom Freetel Company, agreed to sell a 9.2 percent stake to the Microsoft Corporation, Qualcomm Inc. and Capital Communications of Canada for $600 million.
Yahoo Board Survives Move To Vote Out Some Officials
In the comparable quarter a year earlier, Microsoft reported earnings of $2.2 billion, or 40 cents a share.
The Xerox findings are closely correlated with the yet-to-be-released results of similar research conducted by a group of I.B.M.
Unlike Intuit's network, Checkfree's operations will work with a variety of personal-finance programs.
At the same time he tried to join the banks, too, allowing them to issue American Express cards to their customers.
These are the main assets that Exxon and Mobil agreed to sell over the next 9 to 12 months to gain approval from the federal government:
Following a six-month review, lawyers at the Justice Department's antitrust division approved the deal on the condition that Aetna sell its NYLCare Health Maintenance Organization in the Dallas-Fort Worth and Houston markets.
''We believe that the division's suggestion that Microsoft break Windows 95 a bit -- by making it hard or impossible for end users to find many of the Internet-related features of the product -- is profoundly anti-consumer and could advance no conceivable goal of the antitrust laws,'' the letter said.
Alaska Airlines began using Aeroshell 33 in January 1998 and by August of that year had used it on the tail-control mechanism of all its MD-80's.
Citigroup seemed to stumble and Bank of America appeared to strut through a messy third quarter as the country's two biggest banks contended with pressures of a slowing economy and higher interest rates.
(Microsoft said it was a bug in Real Networks' technology.)
Aetna Inc, nation's largest health insurer, says Securities and Exchange Commission has started review of way company accounted for its August purchase of Prucare unit of Prudential Insurance Co of America; deal made Aetna industry leader with more than 20 million customers, including 1.2 million in New York and nearby areas; review is latest in barrage of actions that have jolted investors, battering Aetna and other big managed-care companies; they include at least four class-action lawsuits, new law in California and similar measure passed by US House that would open health maintenance organizations to malpractice lawsuits (M)
Reviving Tiffany At Tiffany's
today are not the only necessary means for people to compete with us,'' said Eric Rabe, a Verizon spokesman.
The companies would not discuss the financial terms of their deal but said Verizon would have the exclusive rights to distribute YouTube videos on mobile phones ''for a limited period of time.''
But on Wednesday in Japan, Intel plans to announce that it will begin marketing a new generation of memory chips -- no bigger than a fingernail -- that can store not one but two bits of information on each transistor, essentially doubling the storage capacity of even the most transistor-rich chip.
A.T.& T. is likely to borrow most of the funds pay for buying the debentures.
As for Long Island City, Citigroup said it would build a 14-story, 475,000- square-foot building for 1,500 workers across the street from its existing 48-story office building on Court Square.
Cisco executives expect revenue in its third quarter to be flat to up 2 percent, and growth rates of up to 10 percent year-over-year.
Under the terms of the deal being negotiated last night, Microsoft would invest about $5 billion in AT&T to acquire 2 to 3 percent of AT&T, executives close to the talks said.
Monsanto is the leader in the genetic engineering of crops, but it needs to get its genes into the popular varieties of corn and soybeans sold by Pioneer.
''Eight of the 13 business lines defined by Citigroup reported sequential declines in revenue,'' wrote Richard X. Bove, an equity analyst with Hoefer & Arnett, in a research report.
Sara Lee Foods in Cincinnati, part of the Sara Lee Corporation, has named Publicis in Mid America in Dallas to handle the account of its deli products that carry the Sara Lee brand, which had been handled by PGC Advertising in Dallas, part of the Omnicom Group.
The decision represents the first time regulators have attacked cross-subsidies by European postal services, most of which are still government-controlled but have expanded to compete against the likes of U.P.S., FedEx and, increasingly, each other.
America Online's deal for Time Warner changes none of the facts in the Microsoft antitrust case, of course.
stopped pushing Lotus SmartSuite, its rival to Microsoft Office.
Goldman Sachs has engineered many megadeals over the years.
Group of big media and technology companies agrees to back BET Holdings, which operates several black-oriented cable television stations, in establishing elaborate Internet service aimed at black Americans; BET has raised $35 million for project from Microsoft Corp, USA Networks, News Corp and AT&T's Liberty Media unit, which is minority owner of BET; service, which is known as BET.Com, is scheduled to be introduced Nov 1 and will replace company's existing joint venture with Microsoft, MSBET; BET venture will compete with several existing sites aimed at blacks, all of which are backed by major media companies; largest is Blackvoices.com, offering of Tribune Co (M)
The technology ''provides Bristol-Myers Squibb and our other collaborators with the freedom to continue important drug discovery projects,'' Gil Van Bokkelen, chief executive of Athersys, said in a statement.
At the beginning of 2006, Viacom split from its corporate sibling, the CBS Corporation, and retained the name of Mr. Redstone's former conglomerate.
Net2Phone is branching out beyond its core business of providing low-cost voice and data calls over Internet in forming software venture with Cisco Systems; new company, called Adir Technologies, will sell software to communications companies seeking to route calling traffic over Internet (S)
Mr. Otellini said Intel expects no shortages of D-RAM's as it increases production of the Pentium 4.
Immune Response is close to raising more money, these executives said, but Pfizer's no-confidence vote could make potential investors balk.
Interpublic agreed not to pay a dividend on March 15, which will be first time since it went public in 1971 that it did not make the payment.
The acquisition is also the first for Time Warner since Richard D. Parsons became chief executive in 2002.
Of course, as Time Warner has experimented with the Internet, it too has used some aggressive advertising vehicles, not all of which conform to its magazines' practices.
Sun Microsystems Inc and Microsoft Corp square off at start of three-day court hearing to determine meaning of deal they signed on March 12, 1996 under which Sun licensed its promising Java technology to Microsoft; Sun contends that Microsoft has manipulated Java programming language to promote its stranglehold on operating system market; Microsoft counters that Sun is using courtroom to accomplish what it cannot in marketplace--compete with Microsoft's Windows operating system (M)
Well, that argument doesn't sell anymore, since Airbus now sells more planes than Boeing does.
A chart in Business Day on Tuesday with an article about Mattel's plans to acquire the Learning Company included one product incorrectly among those made by Mattel.
Microsoft also filed a countersuit yesterday against the 20 states involved, asking the Federal court to toss out claims made under state antitrust laws.
Under it, American Express said it would lend Delta $100 million as part of a credit facility.
Comcast would issue 1.05 billion new shares of stock, bringing the total shares outstanding to about 2 billion.
Merck said it was pleased that the jury had not connected Vioxx to Mr. Cona's heart attack and said it would make a longer statement after the trial was finished.
Only three days before it is scheduled to begin shipping Windows 98, the Microsoft Corporation is girding for an escalating round of lawsuits that could block the release of the latest version of its operating system and impose profound limits on the company's freedom to add features to future generations of Windows.
Glowing reviews from Mr. Akers were not worth much at I.B.M.
Although most analysts say Fuji outranks Kodak in electronics expertise, it is competing with many other companies for digital sales.
Halliburton said the unit had hurt profits in late 1999, and Mr. Cheney announced its sale in October of that year, saying that the deal at an attractive price was in the best interests of shareholders.
The Nike basketball commercial that resembles a music video runs 2 minutes and 30 seconds and uses the same soundtrack: music by Steve Brown and Africa Bombatta, known for the ''Planet Rock'' funk-music tune of the 1980's, augmented by sound effects produced by the players mixed in by Jeff Elmassian of Digihearit, a musical editing company.
And the attorney general-designate, Senator John Ashcroft of Missouri, has not taken a sharply delineated stand on the Microsoft case.
The Justice Department and states agreed to delay their filings, and Microsoft announced that although ''all work on Windows 98 has been completed,'' initial shipments to computer manufacturers, scheduled to begin on Friday, would be delayed until Monday.
The announcement was no surprise, since the first three ''Star Wars'' movies were distributed by Fox, but it was good news for the studio, currently basking in the success of ''Titanic,'' which it helped finance and distribute.
''It was obviously a very good quarter with excellent results across all the businesses,'' said eBay's chief executive, Meg Whitman, citing a strong holiday shopping season and better than expected conversion of visitors to the site into actual buyers.
Government suffers second difficult day of questioning in its Microsoft antitrust case as Federal appeals court casts doubt on whether Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson's order last year to break the company in two will survive appeals process; appellate panel poses tough questions about justification for breakup, noting in particular that only companies ever broken up in 111-year history of Sherman Antitrust Act had been formed through mergers and acquistions; judges also score Jackson for granting interviews with news media before case was completed; photo (M)
But some customers contend that Microsoft's estimates severely underestimate the impact of the new licensing program.
''If it's a legitimate news story, Rupert would say fine,'' Mr. Ginsberg said.
As Wal-Mart hunts for ways to take costs out of its grocery business and offer popular items that can help bring customers into its stores, the company has become more involved in creating the products it sells, and how those products get onto Wal-Mart's shelves.
But Microsoft asserts that it will win the case on appeal and has every right to state its convictions in public.
In the past, Microsoft has made much of divisions between the partners in the lawsuit.
Amazon posted a profit according to generally accepted accounting principles, in addition to the customized pro forma measures that Amazon prefers that investors look at.
Likelihood that Boeing Co will be struck for third time in 10 years appears to growing, with company saying it will make its 'best and final offer' to machinists for contract to replace one that expires on Sept 1 (M)
A statement about the settlement, issued by Interpublic on behalf of Mr. Kassan and Interpublic, included this sentence: ''Separately, Interpublic also announced that it has completed its regularly scheduled audit of the financial operations of Western and is satisfied with the results.''
Wal-Mart offers a limited selection of groceries at some of its regular discount stores and a full grocery selection at its giant supercenters, which have performed particularly well.
Documents supplied by the British board describing the complaint it received said Pfizer's medical liaisons had been trained, for example, to give presentations to groups of doctors on Geodon, even if only one doctor in the group had requested information on the drug.
Verizon Communications is raising ire of competitors who worry that its efforts to increase security in aftermath of terrorist attacks will restrict their access to Verizon work locations; Verizon has told Federal Communications Commission and New York State Public Service Commission that it needs additional protection against attacks on its property; Verizon's central office switching station at 140 West Street in Lower Manhattan was substantially damaged by collapse of World Trade Center, temporarily removing service for more than 300,000 residential and business customers; competitors, such as AT&T Corp and Covad Communications that lease access to Verizon's network, have already complained that Verizon has sought to restrict their access to work sites (M)
''We are providing extra convenience,'' said Paula Thornton-Greear, a spokeswoman for Target.
Motorola Inc. said profits in the first quarter more than tripled because of a rebound in cellphone sales.
FirstEnergy managers had their work cut out for them before the summer disasters struck.
PPG Industries in Pittsburgh, maker of Olympic, Lucite and Pittsburgh stains and paints, said it had selected three agencies to handle its accounts, with combined billings estimated at $16 million.
Microsoft, Responding, Offers Stark View of the Future
The Intel Corporation plans today to introduce a dozen new microprocessors into the slowing market for laptop computers, including chips that the company says will run small laptops at faster speeds while draining less battery power.
Now, with the shares down 86 percent from the peak, Amazon has a $130 million annual interest expense.
In a speech Tuesday at a conference sponsored by the Council of Institutional Investors in Washington, Mr. Whitworth said that Mattel needed fresh blood and that the dynamics on the board were not healthy.
That performance has helped depress the stock price, making Dow Jones an attractive takeover target for Rupert Murdoch and his News Corporation, whose bid for the company sent the stock price soaring.
But News Corp. and Fox are not one of those companies.
Jay S. Fishman, head of Citigroup's property and casualty insurance unit, is seen by many Citigroup insiders as a strong internal candidate to succeed Mr. Weill.
Los Angeles office of BBDO West, part of BBDO Worldwide, ends its eight-year relationship with Northrop Grumman by withdrawing from review for company's creative and media account to avoid potential client conflict (S)
Profit Jumps At Motorola, But Shares Trade Lower
Shell Generating and Bechtel Enterprises Energy agrees to sell 10 electrical power generating stations to Toronto-based Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan and AIG Global Investment Corp, part of American International Group; $1.7 billin transaction includes generating stations that produce about 5,500 megawatts of electricity in Mexico, China, Australia, Britain and Netherlands; plants are held by partnership known as InterGen that is 68 percent owned by Shell Generating, unit of Royal Dutch/Shell Group (S)
James A Skinner, candidate to succeed McDonald's Corp's chief executive Charles Bell, who resigned because of illness, is expected to continue strategy started by chairman James Cantalupo, who died in April and was succeeded by Bell; Cantalupo and Bell demanded better service, offered healthier foods and slowed down opening of restaurants; company's stock has been steadily rising since early 2003, when Cantalupo look over; chairman Andrew J McKenna says Skinner had complete physical in last 30 days and his health is fine; photos (M)
For while competing directly with Microsoft is dangerous, the software industry as a whole is an engine of wealth creation, job generation and technical innovation.
AOL Time Warner Drops the 'AOL'
To lead the study, Pfizer has turned to an early critic of the cox-2 painkillers, Dr. Steven E. Nissen, a cardiologist at the Cleveland Clinic.
Yahoo's total revenue was $1.17 billion, up 55 percent from a year ago.
Besides being the first Motorola products that offer users a way to fritter away idle time, the i85s and i50sx are also the first phones to be offered by the company that incorporate features like electronic calendars, address books, expense reports and other functions usually associated with hand-held computers.
Still, the acquisition could help Amgen in several ways, executives and analysts said.
Henry A. McKinnell, the chairman of Pfizer, said the company's program was intended to ''bridge the gap in drug coverage until broader Medicare reform'' is adopted.
Instead, it is the most recent effort by Coca-Cola to tinker with the marketing of the brand, reflecting how difficult it has become to sell diet soft drinks.
But many keyboards -- salvaged from old family PC's -- clash with the look of Apple's austere products.
NORTEL NETWORKS FORMS AN ALLIANCE WITH MICROSOFT
For almost a year, Apple Computer Inc. has been displaying images of some of the world's most-admired achievers in fields from government and business to human rights and the arts as the centerpiece of a campaign that ungrammatically urges consumers to ''Think different.''
Now, one of every nine residents of San Francisco is a Netflix subscriber, he added.
Market Place; Procter Plans To Jettison Jif and Crisco
Robert Breed, former broker at First United Equities, and Jennifer D'Antoni, former Duke & Co broker, plead guilty to taking secret stock information, major victory for New York State prosecutors in one of the biggest insider trading cases of recent years; nine people have now admitted guilt in case; both pleas were in connection to the use of confidential information supplied by Marisa Baridis, former compliance aide at Morgan Stanley and Smith Barney (M)
In today's court filing, Microsoft said many of the interim remedies were excessive, calling them ''every bit as radical as the now-discarded proposal to break up the company.''
Nonetheless, Verizon is being squeezed on many fronts -- deregulation, the decline of conventional phone service, competition in wireless and attacks from cable companies and others in the Internet access business.
AOL and Time Warner said that they had extended by two weeks the Nov. 30 deadline for review of the merger by the Federal Trade Commission.
On Monday, its stock surged $13 a share, to $78, after Amazon scheduled a news conference in New York, leading to speculation about the nature of its next moves.
Earnings Jump at Citigroup and Merrill
In the late 90's boom, Ms. Meeker's prowess as an analyst with a fervor to involve herself deeply in the work of Morgan Stanley bankers was well documented.
General Electric is seeking to sell its motor manufacturing business for as much as $900 million, according to people briefed on the company's plans.
When there has been no question about whether a patient took the drug, the jury has blamed Merck.
With SBC's core local phone business in decline and the triple threat increasingly becoming a real threat, Mr. Whitacre has good reason to consider making a bid to take over the DirecTV satellite television operation of General Motors.
Fourth-quarter profit at Citigroup nearly doubled on the strength of its credit card business and lower litigation costs.
With more than 1.2 million employees in the United States, Wal-Mart employs more women and more workers than any other American company.
''We are in the mode where the fundamentals of supply and demand really don't drive the price,'' Lee R. Raymond, the chairman and chief executive of Exxon Mobil, the world's largest energy company, said at a meeting last week with analysts in New York.
The company argues that I.B.M., which is licensed by SCO to use its Unix operating system source code, improperly transferred some of that proprietary code into Linux.
Mr. Anderson's lawyer did not return calls, but an associate of Mr. Anderson's who declined to be identified because of the complexity of the legal situation, said that because of the way the options granting process worked at Apple, it was unlikely that Mr. Anderson would have been in a position to alter option dates.
Judge Jenkins did not rule on the merits of the lawsuit but found that patterns and practices at Wal-Mart had affected women beyond the small group of plaintiffs, paving the way to certify the class.
Nelson Farris, a spokesman for Nike, said his company's campus, by dint of its suburban location and sealed-off design, had an added real estate advantage that sends a clear message to outsiders.
Microsoft plans to call David Colburn, a senior America Online executive, as a hostile witness to question him about earlier testimony and how it related to the acquisition plans.
spokesman acknowledged Yahoo's hiring of Mr. Raghavan and Mr. Tomkins, but I.B.M.
Pfizer Inc, facing competition from other drug makers, is looking for younger market for its erectile dysfunction drug Viagra; ad campaign was developed by Cline, Davis & Mann; photo (M)
I.B.M., the world's largest computer maker, warned yesterday that its sales and earnings for the first three months of this year would fall well below Wall Street's estimates.
Shares of Honeywell rose 2.2 percent, or 80 cents, to $37 yesterday on speculation that the deal might be approved.
As for the money that the parent companies of Pacific Gas and Electric and Southern California Edison have made from selling plants and electricity, company officials say the deregulation plan requires that those profits be applied to paying off the costs of nuclear and other facilities built long ago -- and not to today's power costs.
Amazon's profits, excluding some accounting charges, substantially exceeded analysts' expectations, even as its sales growth accelerated.
With Yonah, Intel stands a good chance of staying ahead of A.M.D.
Motorola won because the basketball league failed to show it was harmed.
Apple also refreshed its industry-dominant line of iPod music and video players.
HomeWay is considered the first such retailer in China, and its ties with Home Depot run deep.
I.B.M.
The Pentagon announced yesterday that it would award the most lucrative fighter jet contract in history, totaling over $200 billion, to one company -- either Lockheed Martin or Boeing.
Yet throughout 1995, as Microsoft prepared to introduce Windows 95, the most significant improvement ever in its operating system, Mr. Case was knocking on the door of the Justice Department.
The document also belittled Microsoft's contention that interaction between its product groups was crucial for continued innovation.
Gap officials had long planned to go outside the company to find Mr. Drexler's successor.
During the week, as the negotiations proceeded, AOL executives said that Microsoft began raising objections to adding RealPlayer to the AOL software that would be included as part of Windows XP.
Amazon.com, in presentation to investors, says it will begin selling personal computers in next few months, shipping machines directly from computer distributor to customers; notes online computer sales are rising despite drop in store sales; reiterates aim of earning operating profit by fourth quarter; says it expects to be profitable for full year 2002 (M)
But they are not integrated with each other or with other applications, nor can they compress media files to anything close to Microsoft's new generation of Windows Media formats for audio and video.
And in the event that its access to capital becomes limited, Bank of America and JPMorgan Chase have arranged to provide as much as $200 million in backup financing to guarantee that the company can make low-cost loans.
Microsoft to Introduce New Security Software for Windows
The News Corporation is joining a bid that includes Knowledge Universe L.L.C., a company controlled by Mr. Milken and Lawrence J. Ellison, chairman of the Oracle Corporation, the Thomas H. Lee Company, the Boston-based buyout firm, and Apollo Advisers, the investment firm run by Leon Black.
The company has publicly canceled a succession of high-profile projects, has replaced managers in money-losing ventures and has fallen behind its keen competitor Advanced Micro Devices in introducing technologies, like a feature that wards off viruses and worms, in markets that Intel has long dominated.
BOEING BUSINESS JETS SALES -- Boeing announced six new orders for its Boeing Business Jets, private aircraft that are high-performance derivatives of the commercial Boeing 737-700.
Since the acquisition, Mr. Jobs has served as a part-time adviser to Apple, which he cofounded.
I.B.M.
In recent months, federal investigators, state officials, Congressional committees and plaintiffs' lawyers have obtained thousands of internal Merck documents while pursuing investigations and lawsuits related to Vioxx.
Afterward, Microsoft also decided to include Web TV software in Memphis.
''The cheapness of NT is an illusion created by Microsoft and the use of flawed industry-standard benchmarks,'' said Brian Richardson, an analyst for Meta Group Inc., a research firm.
According to industry executives who spoke on condition of anonymity, I.B.M.
They noted, for example, that the type of bank Wal-Mart was trying to open -- known as an industrial loan corporation -- has been approved for dozens of companies, including a Wal-Mart competitor, Target, as well as General Motors and BMW, with little protest.
I.B.M.
The profit -- the exact amount will be disclosed in the company's annual report, which will come out in six weeks -- is only a small fraction of the $1.1 billion that Chevron earned overseas in 1996 from exploration and production.
In the end, the risk to Microsoft may not be that it will be forced to pay fines as large as the 497 million euros, or $613 million, being sought by the European Commission, or even to distribute a competitor's program, as it was reported to have agreed to do in ultimately unsuccessful settlement talks with the commission.
Hasbro, reacting to letter-writing campaign from advocacy group Dads and Daughters, cancels plans to produce line of fashion dolls modeled on pop act Pussycat Dolls; partner Interscope Records, which released group's debut CD, declines to comment (S)
IVentures, the venture capital fund Procter started this year, has bought stakes in half a dozen companies, typically with investments of $2 million to $5 million.
So far, the suspension affects only salaried employees, but Goodyear plans to extend it to hourly workers when their contract expires next month.
Wall Street firms, especially the likes of Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley, have proved themselves more than adept at coping with the higher risk profile that comes from a heavier reliance on volatile trading profits.
In 2002, Microsoft sought to take these activities into the mainstream with a new version of its Windows XP operating system, the Media Center Edition.
The Procter & Gamble Company may finally be breaking out of a slump.
Microsoft Will Challenge Palm's Hand-Held Computer Dominance
Last week, the merger was approved by European regulators, but only after Time Warner withdrew its proposed joint venture in music publishing with EMI.
Giant marketers like Mars, Anheuser-Busch, Coca-Cola and Unilever are increasingly bypassing their giant agencies to award assignments to smaller, presumably nimbler, independent shops that specialize in nontraditional creative ideas.
On Aug. 31, after Interpublic agencies lost the large Bank of America account, Standard & Poor's said it would keep its outlook at negative for the Interpublic long-term credit rating, which is BB-.
Kodak must do more to insert itself into the ways that people use digital photography.
The Coca-Cola Company said yesterday that its fourth-quarter earnings rose 1.8 percent and its volume growth outpaced its competitors in every major category last year.
Wal-Mart's unusual plan to offer training to small businesses in urban areas where it wants to build stores, announced last month, will rely on the expertise of Sam's Club, which has provided such support to its members for two decades, executives said.
The Coca-Cola packaging was last changed in 1994, when a larger drawing of the contour bottle was added to the packaging.
As indicated by its robust fourth-quarter earnings report, Comcast is attacking from a position of strength.
Goldman Sachs said yesterday that it was strengthening its investment in wind energy with the acquisition of Zilkha Renewable Energy, one of the nation's largest developers of wind projects.
Citigroup announced a $10.8 billion takeover bid Tuesday for Japan's third-largest brokerage firm as it tries to make a comeback in one of the world's richest financial markets.
Comcast has refused to carry M.A.S.N.
In hiring Ms. Parker, the Gap ''fell into a real trap, and that trap was that they wanted to be something more than they were,'' said Robert Passikoff, the president of Brand Keys, a market research company in New York.
''I just think it'd be nice if General Motors could get everything together, get it fixed and get going again.''
Friday's announcement that I.B.M.
Amazon has responded to eBay's challenge by bringing in as many different merchants as it can.
A spokesman for Coca-Cola in Atlanta, Scott Williamson, said the signing of Mr. James was unrelated to the charges against Mr. Bryant.
Liberty Media and News Corp. Said to Be Negotiating a Deal
''Wal-Mart recognizes that this is not going to go as fast as they wanted,'' Mr. Dannon said.
The Microsoft Corporation acknowledged yesterday that one of its programmers apparently masqueraded as an independent computer consultant earlier this week in an effort to discredit America Online's tactics in the companies' quarrel over instant messaging.
Xerox shares closed at $9.72 yesterday, up 18 cents.
Neiman Marcus hires Goldman Sachs to help it explore options with potential buyers; says it will close one of two stores it operates in Houston (M)
In 2002, Amgen paid about $10 billion to acquire Immunex, gaining the big-selling rheumatoid arthritis drug Enbrel.
In the first court papers it has filed in its defense, the Microsoft Corporation called the Government's sweeping antitrust case against it ''completely groundless'' and offered a glimpse of the legal strategy it will pursue.
Time Warner took a major step yesterday toward selling its Warner Music division for $2.5 billion to a consortium led by Edgar Bronfman Jr., as its board pulled away from a previously favored higher offer from the EMI Group, people involved in the board meeting said.
The talks broke down last year because Wachovia wanted control and Prudential balked.
While heading up the Wal-Mart account for Edelman, Mr. Dach has become a close adviser to Wal-Mart's chief executive, H. Lee Scott Jr., often tweaking his speeches and accompanying him to major company events.
Gary Sullivan, a spokesman for Aon, declined to comment yesterday.
and that Intel had ''beaten them into guacamole.''
IBM plans to announce it is making 500 of its software patents freely available to anyone working on open-source projects, like popular Linux operating system, on which programmers collaborate and share code; analysts say new model for IBM represents shift away from traditional corporate approach to protecting copyrights, trademark and trade-secret laws; estimate IBM collected $1 billion or more last year from licensing its inventions; IBM senior vice president John Kelly calls patent contribution beginning of new era in how IBM will manage intellectual property; company was granted 3,248 patents in 2004, far more than any other company (M)
Procter & Gamble is likely to announce companywide layoffs, reflecting slowing sales and need to reduce costs, and therefore prices, as global economy slows (M)
Molson also announced that weak beer sales in Canada and a write-down at its operation in Brazil will lead to lower-than-expected results in the second quarter.
Microsoft gave $1.3 million last year to candidates in both parties.
I.B.M.
Analysis: in taking action against Microsoft Corp, Justice Dept is trying to seize control of competitive ground rules of computer industry that Microsoft has increasingly dictated in 1990's; at stake is Microsoft's ability to blend World Wide Web browser program seamlessly with its Windows 95 operating system, thus effectively eliminating browser market for its rivals; Microsoft announces first-quarter revenue of $3.13 billion, up 36 percent from year earlier, and income for quarter of $663 million, compared with $614 million (M)
General Dynamics represents the greatest threat to Northrop because it could easily raise financing to make a competitive offer.
Dr. Solomon scoffed at Merck's assertion that the new data were unexpected.
In February, Apple acknowledged that demand for the Cube had only been a third of projections.
and Motorola, and analysts indicated that for that reason alone both companies were unlikely to sue Apple over its decision.
)Starting the first week of November, Microsoft will kick off a TV campaign with commercials on programs with a larger male audience, including many on the Fox network.
Warden complained that one of them, requiring Microsoft to divulge technical information on Windows to other software companies, was ''confiscatory.''
Instead, Mattel said it would have five business products units headed by presidents who will report directly to Jill E. Barad, the chairwoman and chief executive.
But WebSphere may be too big and too costly for some customers, I.B.M.
None of these businesses caught on, and Boeing ultimately abandoned them when commercial plane sales rebounded.
Goodyear, Texaco, Colgate-Palmolive, MCI WorldCom and eight other large corporations earned more than $12.2 billion in profits in 1996 through 1998, but none of them ended up owing corporate income taxes over that period, according to a study released yesterday.
It is not a fine but represents fees that Mr. Milken and his company earned for two transactions: In the first, they received $27 million for advising Bert C. Roberts Jr., the chairman of the MCI Communications Corporation, and Mr. Murdoch, the chairman of the News Corporation, on a 1995 accord in which MCI agreed to invest $1 billion to $2 billion in the News Corporation.
The manufacturers describe their relationships with Wal-Mart as complicated but ultimately collaborative.
The slow pace of the cost savings prompted Alan G. Lafley, Procter & Gamble's chief executive, to say in September that he would place a renewed emphasis on cutting costs further.
WebTV is Microsoft's linchpin in its drive for the interactive media market.
Nike has rolled out new ''Fun Police'' commercials during the National Basketball Association playoffs.
Some giant media companies like NBC Universal, News Corp, Viacom and possibly CBS are close to announcing new Web site that will feature some of their best-known television programming and other clips in attempt to build business for distributing video on Internet to rival YouTube; new business could be announced as soon as this week; such site would face huge obstacles; all partners in venture are wary of anything that looks like industry consortium, especially that risks looking flat-footed or backward in face of nimbler technology upstarts; photos (L)
General Motors, Ford Motor and DaimlerChrysler expect sharp falloff in October vehicle sales despite big incentives offered to buyers; some analysts fear that second consecutive month of slumping results could indicate end to boom times for auto sales; economists monitor car industry's health closely because buoyant consumer spending, especially for cars, has kept economy growing this year (M)
One person close to Aetna said the company had, indeed, learned some lessons and planned to merge the NYLCare business ''much more gradually,'' beginning with the smaller, more manageable operations in states like Illinois, Delaware, Washington and Maine.
''If you're talking about doubling Amazon's capital expenditures, that's something I'd have to think about,'' Mr. Mahaney said when asked if he thought the idea made sense for Amazon.
As a result of his illness, Mr. Bell missed several significant corporate events, like the Olympics -- McDonald's was a sponsor -- and a critical earnings conference call last month.
When the company was pushing into maintaining washrooms for businesses, a Cintas manager coined a slogan -- ''every door, every floor, every wall, every stall'' -- that was music to the boss's ears.
Motorola Inc says it lost $206 million in first quarter; revenue was $7.75 billion, down 11 percent from $8.75 billion year earlier; operating loss is first in 15 years (M)
Her husband, a banker at Goldman Sachs in his late 30's, had just received his year-end bonus.
Microsoft, they note, has made some inroads into the server market, but it has been unable to compete effectively against Sun, Oracle and I.B.M., whose industrial-strength software is the preferred choice of large companies.
(The first will emphasize Gap denim.)
Wal-Mart will hold seminars to coach the businesses on how to compete with the giant discount stores -- by, for example, intensifying customer service, for which Wal-Mart often receives low marks.
Last week a federal jury there found that Boston Scientific's major stent models had infringed patents owned by Johnson & Johnson.
Indian subsidiary of Coca-Cola Company is planning expansion into country's ready-to-drink coffee and tea market (S)
Microsoft is locked in a court battle with the United States Justice Department over business practices it has developed around its monopoly operating system, Windows.
The Starbucks Corporation is introducing a music service to make personalized CD's for customers while they sip.
Comcast and media analysts said there was so little direct overlap between the two companies' businesses that a merger would probably not raise any red flags on competition grounds, the way a failed proposal to merge EchoStar and DirecTV did.
Rick Clancy, a spokesman for Sony, said the company did not believe it was diminishing its own chances of creating a standard by cooperating with I.B.M.
Verizon declined to comment.
Eric Dezenhall, a veteran corporate crisis expert and president of Dezenhall Resources in Washington, said it appeared that Wal-Mart had become tired of communicating its message of change through news organizations.
Excluding special charges, Intel reported earnings for the three-month period ended June 30 of $854 million, or 12 cents a share, on revenue of $6.3 billion.
Two people who have been told of the committee's inquiry said I.B.M.
Sales to telecommunication service providers rose more than 70 percent from a year ago, and now contribute about a third of Cisco's revenue, Cisco executives told analysts on a conference call.
Kenneth C. Frazier, general counsel for Merck, said the lawsuits included two class-action suits seeking punitive damages.
Mr. Smith said the company had made design changes in response to the expert advice, like changing settings to make it easier for consumers and PC manufacturers to substitute competitors' software for Microsoft features in Vista.
The banks are Bank of America, Citigroup, Morgan Stanley, UBS, Deutsche Bank, Banca Popolare di Lodi and the fund management arm of Banca Intesa, the news agencies ANSA and AGI reported, without citing the source of the information.
The bank also received substantial fees from additional investments that Canary would make in other Bank of America funds.
Ford Motor Co cancels new arrangement with its primary ad firm WPP Group after internal review of deal; new arrangement would have made some of business closed to outside competition in exchange for more competitive rates; Ford president Nicholas V Scheele informed marketing and sales executives of deal in February memo; Scheele's friendship with WPP's chief executive Sir Martin Sorrell as well as fact that his son has job at WPP unit are also part of review; no action is taken against Scheele, who previously disclosed his ties to WPP Scheele says Ford will form internal group to review company's advertising relationship with WPP and come up with new deal (M)
Construction of the Home Depot store will be delayed about a year to allow the two industrial companies to relocate, Mr. Levitas said.
''What else can Yahoo sell to them?
At the same time, the judge ruled that Microsoft's marketing arrangements with other companies to promote its Web browser at Netscape's expense did not have sufficient effect to violate the law.
''We appreciate Microsoft's contributions,'' Mr. Jiang said.
Dean Ornish, president of the Preventative Medicine Research Institute, a nonprofit foundation in San Francisco that promotes healthy eating, said he was particularly heartened that McDonald's had put Mr. Roberts in the top management team.
Mr. Foley says he dreads contemplating the trouble that Mr. Lambert and tens of thousands of other Americans may be exposed to as a result of recently disclosed leaks of personal information from ChoicePoint, LexisNexis and possibly Bank of America.
Time Warner is often held up as a textbook example of such failures.
A spokesman for Johnson & Johnson, which is based in New Brunswick, N.J., said that the company would not comment beyond its earlier statement.
Consumers who buy cans of Coca-Cola Classic in regular and caffeine-free versions will be eligible to win prizes that include trips to Universal Studios and free Cokes.
In test after test, Yahoo executives find, for example, that users are much more likely to click on underlined text links than on graphically more attractive buttons.
The second program, Amazon Upgrade, will allow customers to add online access to their purchase of a physical copy of a book.
During the second quarter, Apple consolidated its product line, eliminating the Performa name for consumer machines.
The company will now be called Time Warner, an attempt to erase a big reminder of the excesses of the Internet era, America Online's acquisition of Time Warner for shares priced at the peak of the boom.
The plaintiffs proved at trial that Microsoft possesses a dominant, persistent, and increasing share of the relevant market.
Shares of AT&T, the nation's biggest long-distance communications carrier, plunged 19.1 percent yesterday after the company said that it did not expect the dismal telecommunications market to improve significantly in 2003.
''It needed to be a Morgan Stanley person,'' Mr. Strauss said.
With the insurance business booming, John D. Finnegan, the chief executive of Chubb, noted the company raised $1.3 billion in a securities offering last month.
The investigation is related to Microsoft's Windows XP software, a commission official said.
Food and beverage makers are finding that playing ball with Wal-Mart is wise.
(Illegally stifling choice, of course, was precisely what the federal courts in the long-running antitrust case ruled that Microsoft did in the market for personal computer software.)
''Power Computing will live on inside Apple Computer,'' Mr. Kahng said today.
Intel said Asian markets had slowed below expected levels, despite brisk sales in Japan and China, but International Data forecast Asian growth of 33.4 percent in the fourth quarter.
Citigroup and St. Paul Travelers were unable to produce any records, and a review of newspaper articles and other research did not yield any answers or evidence to refute or prove Ms. Heady's story.
In the settlement talks, the Justice Department demonstrated a willingness to accept a remedy that merely altered Microsoft's conduct.
will not accept a system of tax benefits which give U.S. exporters, including Boeing, an unfair advantage against their European competitors.''
Merck, Eli Lilly and SmithKline Beecham all bought drug plan managers in 1993.
Over the years, Hewitt's Web site has offered testimonials from Verizon officials about its services.
Last August, the European Commission told Microsoft that its practice of bundling Media Player into Windows amounted to an abuse of the operating system's dominant position because it placed rival music and video players at a disadvantage.
''Prudential is in about the middle of the pack in this business right now,'' Mr. Devine said, ''and this would put them among the top five life insurers in the field of retirement services.''
''My real intention is to try to get a meeting, not to impress them with my charm -- if I have any -- but to impress them with the intentions and feelings of my adult children,'' Mr. Murdoch said, trying to assuage concerns about succession at the News Corporation as he leaned back on his taupe sofa.
Begin with Senator Hillary Clinton of New York, for example, whose ''friends'' links include one to Wal-Mart, for which she was once a lawyer.
and Citigroup, are limited to four minutes of advertising an hour during the Masters so that a maximum amount of golf can be shown.
''It's not about one shore or another shore,'' an I.B.M.
And Champion would give International Paper an entry into Latin America, a big growth market for paper.
It is a very large company, but there was some speculation that it might now be forced into at least considering a merger with a larger company, perhaps Raytheon.
Coca-Cola Co will try to promote its top brand, Coca-Cola Classic, with more emotion; overhaul of flagship brand's advertising, marketing, promotions and graphics, which amounts to re-introduction of soft drink, will end campaigns that have carried themes 'Always Coca-Cola' since 1993; drawing (Advertising column) (M) y
Whatever their past differences, Compaq and Microsoft are probably more closely aligned today than ever.
Time Warner Inc's president Richard D Parsons says he and president and chief executive of US West Media Group, Charles Lillis, had informal discussions about settlement between the two companies over ownership of Time Warner Entertainment; Time Warner reports that its loss for third quarter widened to 43 cents a share from 41 cents a share in quarter a year earlier; cash flow rose 32 percent in the quarter, to $964 million; stock rises $1, or 2.4 percent, to $41.875 a share; table (L)7
John F. Welch Jr., the former chief executive of General Electric, will pay for most of the corporate perks he negotiated to receive in retirement, including the use of a Boeing 737 business jet and an apartment overlooking Central Park, the company confirmed yesterday.
But analysts said there were clear points of strength for Yahoo in the period.
Failing to match Wall Street's bullish expectations, Morgan Stanley said that net income for its fourth quarter rose 26 percent, to $236 million, or $1.43 a share, from the corresponding period a year ago.
In its response on Thursday, Intel called A.M.D.
Microsoft contends that putting new things into Windows is good for consumers, even if it is bad for some competitors.
Yet Citigroup has many more global interests than either BankAmerica or Bank One.
Another provision of the settlement says Microsoft can refuse to disclose technical information if a company does not meet reasonable, objective standards established by Microsoft for qualifying as a viable business.
Thus General Electric is taking the position that any use of the corporate apartment and other perks beyond the $171,772 he spent during the eight months before he retired from General Electric in September 2001, was for corporate purposes.
Toyota, General Motors and seven other automakers file suit to block California's new greenhouse gas regulation, which was approved by state in its final form in September; suit sets up battle between automakers and Gov Arnold Schwarzenegger, who has promised to defend regulation, which was signed by his predecessor, Gray Davis; regulation would require automakers to cut by about 30 percent greenhouse gas emissions from cars and trucks sold in state by 2016 model year; industry is suing in federal court, contending that California's regulation is pre-empted by Washington's authority to regulate fuel economy (M)
Wal-Mart Stores in last year has quietly introduced ambitious program in US--in equal parts self-help class, corporate retreat and tent revival--that tries to turn its 1.3 million workers into model for its 200 million customers on issues ranging from personal health to environment; program, to be announced, tests assumption, if not conventional wisdom, that environmentalism and fitness are luxuries of well-off, inaccessible to vast number of nation's working class because of hectic schedules, stretched budgets and bad habits; it thrusts Wal-Mart far deeper into workers' personal lives than company has ever reached before; specific programs detailed; photos (L)
Sitting on a stool at another Apple store, in the SoHo district of Manhattan this week, he explained that he thought retailing would be more stimulating.
The Boeing Company is especially proud of its gigantic assembly plant here, 30 miles north of Seattle.
Until late last year, M. Douglas Ivester, then Coca-Cola's president, was chairman of the bottling company.
Executives at General Mills say that for antitrust reasons the new company, which will be called General Mills, will divest itself of Pillsbury's dessert business, which is second only to General Mills.
In 1987, the year Mr. Grove became chief executive, Intel reported profits of $248 million on sales of $1.9 billion.
Oracle Corp, maker of business software, says threat of war could drive sales of its software licenses down 15 percent, sharper decline than company expected before terrorist attacks last week (M)
Signaling the end of major mergers in the nation's military industry, the Lockheed Martin Corporation abandoned its planned $8.3 billion acquisition of the Northrop Grumman Corporation yesterday, a deal the Government opposed on antitrust grounds.
Mr. Padden's strongest support, on legal and technical grounds, came from Lawrence Lessig, a Harvard Law School specialist in technology and antitrust who has managed to vex both Microsoft and Time Warner.
But in Mr. Condit's 31 years with Boeing, he has also seen severe layoffs that accompanied each downturn in the worldwide airline industry.
Ultimately, Microsoft, Universal and Fox tentatively agreed to a complex arrangement on reduced financial terms, though all parties involved say creative issues could still scuttle the deal.
Verizon Wireless, a joint venture of Verizon Communications and Vodafone, says its service allows customers to receive information at 300 to 500 kilobytes per second, though rates for sending information are significantly lower.
Letter from Dr Richard A Friedman, director, Pharmacology Clinic, New York Weill Cornell Medical Center, holds Pfizer's announcement that it will halt consumer advertising for Celebrex but continue to sell it strains logic; contends Pfizer's action will only foster public's growing perception that drug companies place profit ahead of public safety
Rosie Taravella, a 37-year-old actress and screenwriter sipping a Grande Guatamalan, remarked, ''What I'd like to see Starbucks invest in is drive-throughs -- making the obtaining of coffee easier.''
While the selloff was sparked by Intel, which said it was suffering from slackening demand, investors fear that the announcement may be a sign that the Asian economic crisis may still trim the fortunes of some of the nation's large companies.
But because there is a gap of several years between the time a plane is ordered and its actual delivery and because many airlines are consolidating their fleets around a few types of jets to cut costs, Airbus's gains over Boeing today mean that Boeing's future deliveries will shrink while Airbus's will grow.
Mr. Gerstner and shareholders are not the only ones profiting from the turnaround at I.B.M.
Apple's Wi-Fi product, called the Airport Extreme, can work in any Macintosh and comes standard in some.
He said the rest of the vendors had also pushed up prices but Intel had worked to refine and improve its features.
Mr. Hemingway has worked at Microsoft for more than five years in a variety of marketing and public relations roles.
Correction:  June 21, 2007, Thursday  An article in Business Day last Thursday about eBay's fight against fraudulent auctions misstated the name of a trade group that provided information about illegal software sales on the site.
Europeans Threaten More Fines For Microsoft
Ms. Koenick came to the meeting to complain about dirty restrooms and the misuse of handicap parking spaces at her local McDonald's.
Frontier's shareholders could have maintained some equanimity through some of Global Crossing's drop.
''Captchas are useful for companies like Yahoo, but if they're broken it's even more useful for researchers,'' Dr. Blum said.
Cisco Systems and some of its executives plan to donate $40 million in cash, equipment and services to install wireless Internet access and other high-tech services in Gulf Coast schools damaged by Hurricane Katrina (S)
I called Comcast's tech support line.
Technology Briefing
''If Microsoft is an 800-pound gorilla, then there is certainly another beefy gorilla out there now,'' William Kovacic, a professor at the George Washington University law school, said.
Oracle, by dropping its objection to that amended bid, is waiving one of the terms it set out as part of its offer for PeopleSoft, which many in the industry initially viewed as an attempt to interrupt the J. D. Edwards deal.
International Business Machines Corp is embarked on five-year, $100 million program to build the world's most powerful supercomputer, named Blue Gene, whose mission will be to simulate the folding of proteins, an enourmous task that could yield new understanding of Alzheimer's or mad cow disease and aid in drug design; machine will have a 'processor in memory,' or PIM, design, meaning that memory will be on the same chip as the processor; IBM says computer will be 'self-healing,' capable or running when processors fail; drawing (M)
Computer designers at today's event said that because the chip would require new manufacturing techniques capable of etching circuitry as fine as 0.18 micron, or millionths of a meter, it may be 10 years before the IA-64 technology will be used throughout the Intel product line and replace the current so-called X86 series of PC chips that includes the Pentium.
In 1994 Amazon.com was up and running; Barnes & Noble finally crept on line in 1997.
Microsoft promises that Office 2001 will sustain ''seamless compatibility'' with Windows Office 2000, which means that a Mac user can write a memo in Word 2001 and send it as an e-mail attachment to a Windows user running Word 2000 and magical things will happen -- the file will open with no problems and all the formatting will be intact.
In fact, Guy P. Wyser-Pratte, a well-known speculator in takeover stocks and a Honeywell shareholder, sent a letter to Honeywell and G.E.
Mr. Bell said that he and Mr. Dooner also agreed to place their unvested shares of restricted stock in escrow until the price of Interpublic shares reached $20.
In after-hours trading, Microsoft shares fell as low as $67.15.
One executive in the electronic book industry said that talks were already under way with Microsoft and other software and device manufacturers to try to resolve the issue.
That case, brought by a young investment banker named Christian Curry, was settled this fall, a year after Morgan Stanley's handling of it led to the resignation of the firm's top lawyer.
''I never heard of Goldman Sachs growing up, and I never viewed myself as the president of Goldman Sachs or the C.E.O.
AT&T, too, has been playing show-and-tell with what it is calling its Hometown Tour.
Microsoft has responded that it is simply enhancing its products and that the Government's action will discourage technological innovation.
David Hufford, director of Xbox product management at Microsoft, countered: ''That sounds like spin.
In addition, Microsoft encouraged analysts to cut their earnings and revenue estimates for its fiscal fourth quarter, which ends in June, as well as all of fiscal 2001.
But officials said today that the Government had decided not to challenge Aetna's presence in a number of other markets because it was already so large and the proposed merger would not appreciably alter that.
Last week, Steven A. Ballmer, Microsoft's chief executive, said in an interview with The Washington Post that the company had done nothing wrong and saw no reason to alter its practices.
Lockheed Martin is also one of the two main United States satellite  launching companies, along with Boeing.
It's not clear that the brand has what it takes to move beyond those groups to give Yahoo a run for its money.''
The court ruled that Microsoft had bundled the browsing software with Windows in a way that violated antitrust laws on two counts.
Robert Litan, a former senior official in the Justice Department's antitrust division, says Microsoft made a severe tactical blunder.
The company is also awaiting a judge's ruling on whether a sexual discrimination lawsuit filed in federal court by several female employees will be expanded to include 1.6 million women employed by Wal-Mart.
Kodak would certainly love it if CVS's photo-processing customers registered their names on Kodak's own Web site, but it realizes that it must sometimes remain behind the scenes.
Wieden & Kennedy says it will dissolve alliance with McCann-Erickson Worldwide Advertising on its shared Nike Inc in Japan and open its own office there (S)
The Coca-Cola Company reported a 13.2 percent drop in first-quarter earnings yesterday, sending its stock down $1.188 a share to close at $76.6875.
The disclosure about the possible misconduct marks the first time in those three years that Interpublic has said that not all the errors leading to its plight were necessarily honest ones.
''The dispute revolves around the level of exclusivity accorded to Toys ''R'' Us on the Amazon platform,'' Greg Ahearn, the vice president and general manager of toysrus.com, said.
America Online, in turn, would gain access to Time Warner's entertainment and information empire.
The airline took the name Alaska Airlines in 1944 and grew through mergers and acquisitions, including that of Jet America Airlines, a carrier based in California, in 1987.
Moody's Investors Service downgrades Nassau County's credit to near-junk status; county is confronted with budget deficit of over $200 million after years of growth in spending that was not matched by tax increases; its bonds were downgraded by Standard & Poor's on June 29; Budget DirMichael Fabiano accuses Democrats of blocking bailout of county for 'partisan political reasons' (M)
And while Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson concluded that the company had violated antitrust laws and kept ''an oppressive thumb'' on the competition, Mr. Ballmer in effect insisted that Microsoft's legal and image problems stemmed from the fact that it had never been able to shed its little-guy mentality.
But he adds, a bit half-heartedly, ''This should really be about Morgan Stanley, not about me.''
Ms. Hurt said AT&T was phasing out ''900'' billing because ''profitability was declining'' in the operation.
It was not, after all, for the chance to highlight the importance of New York's port by gathering trade-related businesses and agencies in a single place that Vornado Realty Trust agreed to fork over $3.25 billion last week.
The new forecasts reflected a lower tax rate, Medtronic said, achieved in part by concentrating manufacturing in Ireland, Switzerland and Puerto Rico.
Richard B McKenzie of University of California at Irvine contends that there are probably fewer than 10,000 Windows programs in use today and that most users probably have no more than a handful on their computers; Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson's antitrust ruling against Microsoft Corp was based on trial testimony that there were 70,000 programs written to run solely on Windows operating system; that figure was not contested by lawyers for Microsoft, and indeed its marketing and advertising materials in 1997 claimed that as many as 100,000 programs existed for Windows operating system (M)
Gap has aggressively defended Mr. Pressler against the criticism.
They were quick to add, however, that Comcast would be very disciplined in not offering more than one share of its stock for each share of Disney because any higher offer would leave Comcast with less than 50 percent of the combined company.
Staples, the office-supply retail chain, said yesterday that it had selected Martin/Williams Advertising in Minneapolis to handle its broadcast creative account.
But Mr. Gilmartin seemed relatively unfazed after a day of difficult questions from Mr. Lanier, who was co-lead counsel for Mr. McDarby and who in August won an even larger verdict against Merck in the first Vioxx personal injury case.
Microsoft executives did not discuss precise details of the confidential settlement talks.
Expert Lists Goals of a Microsoft Penalty
Correction:  December 22, 2004, Wednesday  An article in Business Day on Dec. 14 about plans by General Motors and DaimlerChrysler to collaborate on hybrid electric vehicles misspelled the surname of the executive vice president for product development at Chrysler, who commented on the development.
Three weeks later, the Government and Microsoft signed a consent decree.
Other analysts following Citigroup have been more cautious about estimating any legal damages or fines the bank may have to pay.
And in the last two years it has made significant inroads in Intel's market share of both desktop and server computers.
Yesterday, Express Scripts filed suit to block the CVS deal, arguing that the terms deal supported by the Caremark board prevents its directors from executing their fiduciary duties to shareholders.
''The whole point of Amazon's model is to increase the share of wallet they are getting from the people who come to their site,'' said Jamie Kiggen, an analyst with Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette.
Bristol-Myers Squibb Co assigns Wells Rich Greene BDDP to handle responsibilities for new Vagistat-1 yeast infection remedy, with billings estimated at $35 million (S)
Organizing Verizon Wireless, which is 55 percent owned by Verizon and 45 percent by the Vodafone Group, is crucial to the communications workers because employment there has grown steadily while employment in Verizon's traditional phone business has shrunk.
Morgan Stanley lawyers said that Mr. Curry, a graduate of Columbia University who comes from a prominent New York family, was dismissed solely for expense account abuses.
Costco provides an oddly disjunctive shopping experience for a store that prides itself on having a small well-edited selection of products.
Mr. Rubin of Global Sports said he believed that Nike would soon choose to support his venture, too.
THE last time Apple Computer introduced a fundamentally new operating system was in 1984, when System 1.0 was shipped with the original Macintosh computer.
VeriSign will use I.B.M.
Correction of April 5 article about American International Group executives who resigned from private holding company; Donald P Kanak is executive vice chairman and chief operating officer
''Coca-Cola misled investors by failing to disclose end-of-period practices that impacted the company's likely future operating results,'' said Richard Wessel, district administrator in the S.E.C.
Other analysts wondered whether Cisco was seeing competitive pressures that it was not completely acknowledging.
Yesterday, an Aetna spokeswoman, Joyce Oberdorf, said the employees to be laid off would be offered retraining and priority in the new hiring, but it was clear that most of the new jobs would be situated far from those being dropped.
Business Travel; An apparent case of air rage on Southwest Airlines ends in what is later ruled homicide.
Mike Volpi, senior vice president for the routing technology group at Cisco, said that the new router ''speaks volumes'' about Cisco's ability to ''deliver this kind of technology from the ground up.''
Investors are expected to keep watchful eye on parent companies of two of California's largest utilities, PG&E Corp and Edison International, wondering if this is the week either declares bankruptcy; Gov Gray Davis pledges he will not allow utilities to fail (M)
Home Depot has signed a deal to build its third store in Queens.
Senior credit officers of Citigroup misrepresented the full nature of a 1999 transaction with Enron in the records of the deal so that the energy company could ignore accounting requirements and hide its true financial condition, according to internal bank documents and government investigators.
''Future investments,'' he said, ''should be focused on turning around its Gap and Old Navy brands.''
More than 60 million cans and pouches of dog and cat food manufactured by Menu Foods and sold under dozens of brand names are recalled after being linked to deaths of 10 animals; Menu Foods, Canadian company, also makes food on behalf of many brand-name pet food makers, including Iams unit of Procter & Gamble; Menu Foods associates timing of reported deaths with its use of new supplier for wheat gluten (M)
Procter may take its time to look for the right fit.
In an attempt to collect, Mr. Jacobs and the trustee of Mr. Casey's estate filed a copyright infringement suit last month in federal court in Manhattan against the owners of Carnival Cruise Lines, Celebrity Cruises and several others.
Mr. Cheng and Ms. Soriano are part of a growing pool of high-technology Philippine talent that is attractive to employers in Europe and the United States, and is increasingly drawing multinationals like Trend Micro, America Online and Motorola to move some of their operations here.
When asked, Microsoft executives said they were not yet sure how they might fashion a version of Windows 98 without the Internet software if the judge's order was still in force next year when the company plans to introduce the new version of its operating system.
''Not having a new desktop for back-to-school is a problem, but not a big one,'' said Charles Wolf, an analyst at Needham & Company, which owns Apple shares.
Yahoo, which according to CMR spent $3.5 million in advertising last year, is also ratcheting up its ''buzz marketing strategy.''
General Motors said on Wednesday that it overstated its 2001 results by as much as $400 million, or 35 percent, and said that it might have to restate results for the following years as well.
At a marketing event for businesses held in New York, Microsoft emphasized not only its desktop products, but also how they will work with its server software to increase productivity by making it easier for workers to collaborate in online teams, retrieve and reply to e-mail messages by phone using voice-recognition software, and easily search for information inside their laptop or across their corporation.
Nonetheless, shares of both companies fell yesterday, AT&T's by 36 cents, to $17.45; AOL's by 30 cents, to $26.40.
Analysts are warning investors that Boston Scientific, the market leader in the $5 billion global market for stents, is at risk of losing one or more long-running legal battles this summer.
AOL has already made a deal with Time Warner Cable, but whether it can make comparable deals with other cable operators remains to be seen.
A spokesman for Comcast, Tim Fitzpatrick, confirmed that his company was working with Time Warner, but he declined to be more specific.
Intel said it expected gross margins in 1997 to be 60 percent, plus or minus a few percentage points.
As he completed his testimony this evening it was clear that Mr. Myhrvold's appearance had not helped Microsoft's case.
and Cisco Planning Joint Internet Phone Venture
Although analysts had not counted on much revenue from Windows 98 in the first quarter, they said that any delay in a major product was worrisome because Microsoft was entering a period of slower growth.
Interpublic has had 16 agencies working for Bank of America, overseen by a six-person executive consortium called Flag.
General Motors has reached an agreement to buy most of the Daewoo Motor Company from Daewoo's creditors for about $1 billion, but leave the most troublesome parts on the creditors' hands, at least for now, people in the industry said.
as part of intensified efforts to reverse a sales slump in its mainstay Campbell's condensed soups, known by their red and white labels.
Only three stocks in the Dow -- Johnson & Johnson, Merck and Caterpillar -- rose.
Verizon could also swap its 23 percent stake in Vodafone Omnitel in Italy with Vodafone, which would drive down the purchase price of the Verizon Wireless stake.
Correction:  July 1, 2005, Friday  Because of a telephone transcription error, an article in Business Day yesterday about the selection of W. James McNerney Jr. as chief executive of Boeing gave a misspelled surname in some copies for the former president of United Technologies, who was also a candidate.
The deal would significantly increase the size of Johnson & Johnson's consumer unit, the smallest of the company's three main divisions.
''A stronger General Mills is emerging, and that's what the industry needs,'' said Jeffrey G. Kanter, an analyst for Prudential Securities.
While Intel created a new 64-bit microprocessor, Itanium, A.M.D.
Procter & Gamble Has 33% Profit Rise
The corporate armistice declared last week between Microsoft and AOL Time Warner reflected two companies moving from the past to the future.
And investors responded by nudging the price of AT&T's stock slightly higher.
Microsoft started out in the software tools business with Microsoft Basic, its version of the programming language created by John Kemeny and Thomas Kurtz at Dartmouth College.
Cisco, based in San Jose, Calif., expects to take a related charge of up to 2 cents a share.
That move, which will lower Coke's reported profits, is permitted but not required by accounting rules, largely because of intense lobbying by corporations when the rules were adopted in 1994.
Tiffany began painting at age 12 and was a successful artist long before he invented Tiffany favrile glass and designed splendid interiors like that of the Veterans Hall at the Seventh Regiment Armory on Park Avenue and 66th Street in Manhattan.
Analysis: prospect of mergers among on-line merchants in both books and music is acknowledgment of just how strong a market position Amazon.com holds as most popular store on Internet; Amazon share price dropped following announcements that Bertelsmann AG would take 50 percent stake in on-line operation of Barnes & Noble and that on-line music sellers CD Now and N2K plan to merge, but analysts say there is increasing sense of concern about whether a number two player can survive in either arena (M)
Royal Caribbean said yesterday that it expected some dilution in earnings per share in both 1997 and 1998.
Nike.com, which sells both directly to consumers and connects them to other sporting goods retailers, opened NikeLab as a showcase for what it sees as its more technologically sophisticated products.
He said that the fast-track trial for Bank of America, Deloitte & Touche and Italaudit had been denied in part because the prosecutors had not yet questioned anyone representing the three institutions.
Pfizer already offers a 30-day supply of many of its drugs to certain Medicare beneficiaries for a flat fee of $15, about a fifth of the average price charged to a person with no insurance.
Fiber optic cable maker Corning says it has laid off 825 employees from manufacturing centers in New York and Pennsylvania; plants make equipment for optical communications networks (S)
''Caching is 2 percent of the complexity of content delivery,'' said Daniel M. Lewin, who was a graduate student at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology when he co-founded Akamai in 1998 with Tom Leighton,  a professor of applied mathematics there.
Instead, Halliburton would have to talk with the individual lawyers representing each of the hundreds of thousands of individual claimants.
International Labor Rights Fund sues Exxon Mobil in US District Court, accusing company of complicity in human rights abuses committed by state security forces that protect its large natural gas field in Indonesia; suit states crimes occurred during latest campaign by Indonesian military to quash insurgency by separatists in Aceh; fund brings lawsuit on behalf of 11 villagers in Aceh, who contend that over last year, they and their family members have been victims of murder, torture, kidnapping and rape at hands of Indonesian military unit guarding Exxon Mobil's natural gas field (M)
Re ''The Wal-Martization of America'' (editorial, Nov. 15):
For example, the next major release of Windows, called Vista, is expected to include document management features that could threaten Adobe's share of that market.
I phone Hani Durzy, eBay's spokesman, for some tips.
For example, the day before Microsoft's announcement, Real Networks revealed that it would be working with IBM on a copyright-protected system of delivering music on the Internet.
He also said he would require Microsoft to publish many of the software codes known as application programming interfaces that allow other software companies to ''hook their programs to Windows.''
While that is higher than the revenues per worker of MCI and Sprint, Mr. Elling said that because of A.T.& T.'s huge scale economies, the number demonstated that A.T.& T. had not capitalized on the efficiencies of the newer technology.
Texaco Inc says its company headquarters in Harrison, NY, will be closed when acquisition by Chevron Corp is completed; headquarters of merged company will be in San Francisco; combined work force will be reduced by seven percent overall, or about 4,000 employees (S)
Continuing on its juggernaut sales pace, Wal-Mart Stores Inc. said yesterday that its second-quarter sales had jumped 15 percent as its profit rose 21 percent.
''We are pleased to be providing Yahoo Search feeds to Groxis and lend support to the great work they are doing in the search, education and research arenas,'' said Jennifer Stephens, a Yahoo Search spokeswoman.
But I.B.M.
As a result, Alliance, which is based in San Diego, plans to resume clinical testing of Oxygent and will receive a $15 million investment in May from Baxter International under an agreement between the companies last year.
Pfizer says it is looking into whether its somewhat similar drug, Celebrex, may actually help prevent heart attacks.
But after a weekend of reflection, investors seemed to decide that even a breakup -- the harshest of possible remedies -- would not be a disaster for Microsoft shareholders or the stock market.
They would presumably constitute a major threat to Microsoft's dominance if they became popular.
While the 500 headquarters jobs that would be moved were primarily nonunion, many people here expressed fears that it was a precursor to a larger scaling back by Boeing.
The offer would give Time Warner the option of receiving less cash and retaining a stake in the company of as much as 19.9 percent.
At Microsoft, the company's executive team has identified two principal competitive threats: I.B.M.
But Mr. Manson has not encouraged bloggers to reveal that they communicate with Wal-Mart or to attribute information to either the retailer or Edelman, Ms. Williams of Wal-Mart said.
Furthermore, Intel is committed to investing heavily in dual-core technology, analysts say.
The Walt Disney World resort includes the Magic Kingdom, Epcot, Disney-MGM Studios and Disney's Animal Kingdom park.
The authority failed to complete the deal with Vornado because ''seven or eight substantial issues'' remained unresolved yesterday, according to several authority commissioners.
Yet the real blow came when Intel engineers disclosed last May that the company had hit a technical wall in chip development and that simply building faster chips was causing severe heat problems.
But Gary Gensler, a former under secretary of the Treasury under Mr. Clinton who also worked for Mr. Friedman at Goldman Sachs, predicted that Mr. Friedman would have little trouble.
I.B.M.
Luckily, Nordstrom.com offers live customer help via a chat window.
Gap Inc opens its first Forth & Towne retail outlet, which caters to women over 35 years old, at Palisades Center in West Nyack, NY; some shoppers comment; graph; photos (M)
Verizon, which first agreed to buy MCI six weeks ago for $6.75 billion, will now pay $7.6 billion, or $23.50 a share.
New details about tactics Microsoft Corp used to secure dominant role in software markets for nearly two decades are emerging in consumer class-action trial in Minnesota; among documents introduced is letter from June 1990 in wich Microsoft chairman Bill Gates told then Intel chief executive Andrew S Grove that any support given to software company Go Corp would be considered aggressive move against Microsoft; other evidence presented by plaintiffs' lawyers gives account of how Microsoft violated signed secrecy agreement with Go and showed that Microsoft possessed technical documents from Go that should not have had access to; Microsoft spokeswoman says many of newly disclosed documents are not relevant to trial, which focuses on Microsoft pricing actions (M)
Prince for his role in the scandal over Citigroup's private bank being barred from operating in Japan.
The rise of the Windows brand came slowly, and Microsoft's efforts to win a trademark for the product were rebuffed by the United States Patent and Trademark Office until 1995, the court records show.
Iams Co, pet food maker, and new parent, Procter & Gamble Co, award worldwide advertising accounts of Iams and Eukanuba brands of dog and cat food to Saatchi & Saatchi in New York; billings estimated at $15 million (S)
Others also bailed out: Maryann Keller, a longtime Wall Street automotive analyst, quit as president of Priceline's online car-buying service, and Bill Pike, a financial executive who had followed Ms. Miller from Citigroup, also resigned.
A Coca-Cola spokesman, Ben Deutsch, said the company never shredded material that concerned the case.
Their common ground, the two companies say, is a strategy of digital media in which Microsoft wants its software used on all kinds of devices, and RealNetworks wants its subscription services distributed widely.
She said they may use the sworn pretrial statements to cross-examine Mr. Gates and other Microsoft witnesses when they testify in the coming weeks.
Cable companies, which have been weighed down for years by heavy investments and sagging subscriber growth, are starting to turn corner; are meeting formidable foes in emboldened phone companies; Comcast says it earned $262 million in second quarter, after losing $22 million in same period year ago; revenues rose 10.2 percent, to $5.1 billion, compared with last year; sales at Time Warner increased 10 percent, to $2.1 billion; photo (Market Place column) (M)
Wal-Mart's Censorship Should Carry Labels
Prudential Financial disclosed early last month that its former brokerage division, which it sold to the Wachovia Corporation earlier this year, was the subject of a separate investigation by Massachusetts, but two weeks later it acknowledged that it had also been contacted by the S.E.C., Mr. Spitzer's office and NASD.
Still, any cash generated would be too little and too late to ease Xerox's financial squeeze.
''We've had a number of chemical companies and auto parts companies warn in recent weeks, so it shouldn't be surprising that Goodyear is having earnings problems,'' said Charles L. Hill, director of research at First Call.
But Comcast's unsolicited takeover offer in July upset that plan by effectively putting AT&T's cable business into play.
European Union says it will join US efforts at World Trade Organization to end what it contends is Japanese trade discrimination against foreign producers of film and photographic paper; US contends that Japanese Government and Fuji Photo Film Co are colluding to keep foreign products out of Japan; US says lack of access has particularly hurt Eastman Kodak Co (S)
Dr. Murphy disagreed, arguing instead that the even wider use of the Internet today allowed for greater threats to Microsoft than when the medium was relatively new.
The Volvo division of the Ford Motor Company has narrowed to four finalists a review for its creative account, which is now divided among various agencies in regional markets.
The executives are Zoe Cruz, 50, who has been at Morgan Stanley for 24 years and runs its fixed income division, and Stephen S. Crawford, 41, a former chief financial officer who has been Mr. Purcell's top strategic adviser.
Home Depot opened its first experimental smaller store in Brooklyn last year.
''Now we talk about the participation of the banks, oh, yeah,'' Mr. Levin told a panel of Citigroup bankers.
Representatives for Janus and Wells Fargo declined to comment.
I.B.M.
Roche, the Swiss pharmaceutical company, has developed CERA, a form of EPO it says can be given less frequently than Amgen's drugs.
Judge Judge Gladys Kessler, who is overseeing federal government's lawsuit against tobacco industry, levies fine of $2.75 million against Philip Morris USA and its parent company, Altria Group, for destroying more than two years' worth of e-mail messages related to case (M)
Ever since my daughter used my Windows XP computer, I haven't been able to print from Microsoft Word.
The Gap brand's chief financial officer, the head designer and the head of marketing have all left.
In January, Mr. Maloney, a self-taught engineer and rising star at the Intel Corporation, was tapped to run the company's struggling communications division, which is responsible for making chips that operate in laptops, hand-held computers and cellphones.
A Time Warner spokesman said the deadline had now passed for shareholders to nominate board members for the company's annual meeting in May, as Mr. Icahn had threatened to do in pursuit of a plan to break up the company.
To make sure the Lycos example is not repeated, several AOL and Time Warner executives spent yesterday proclaiming the strategic benefits of their deal and lining up influential shareholders to express support for it.
Mr. Pauga said he signed up for Worldnet as soon as he had heard about it, but an AT&T customer-service agent had told him that the company could not put him on line for up to a month because of the tremendous demand.
William Shay, a law division researcher at AT&T's world headquarters here, like most of the managers included in the offer -- half the company's supervisory work force -- got his delivered to his desk.
Barry Jaruzelski, a vice president at Booz Allen Hamilton, said, ''The line between Apple being a computer company and a consumer electronics company is getting pretty fuzzy.''
More workers thought that subcontracting work to outsiders posed a greater threat to their jobs than did competition from Airbus Industrie, the European consortium that, other than Boeing, is the world's only remaining maker of large passenger jets.
Looking forward, Procter said earnings growth in its first quarter would be ''about flat'' compared with earnings in the July-September period last year.
The companies said yesterday that Amgen would pay $22.50 a share for Abgenix, a company based in Fremont, Calif.
Destruction of World Trade Center will leave financial services industry more scattered than ever with far fewer employees in Manhattan; corporate headquarters of displaced financial giants like American Express and Merrill Lynch are unlikely to relocate, and most investment bankers will insist on being in Manhattan; but entire units of those companies may never return, leaving them configured like American operations of Swiss bank UBS, which owns UBS Warburg, investment bank and PaineWebber brokerage; UBS lost two employees in disaster, but its trading and investment banking operations were largely unaffected, because they had already settled miles away from Wall Street; top executives of UBS move freely and frequently among company's midtown buildings on Avenue of Americas and Park Avenue, its trading center in Stamford, Conn, and its brokerage operations in Weehawken, NJ; that decentralized framework defies popular view on Wall Street that there are great benefits in clustering group of employees; chart lists operations relocated by financial services companies that lost at least 40,000 square feet of office space; photo (M)
Today, despite many efforts by Microsoft, Intel and a variety of start-up companies to insinuate the computer into home entertainment, almost all movies watched at home use cable, satellite or DVD players, making it possible for Hollywood to control both piracy and pricing.
Still, Wall Street analysts say that Pfizer's research productivity has not matched its spending.
Yahoo to Charge for Guaranteeing a Spot on Its Index
''People in the industry can't figure out if this is just sheer obstinance on Microsoft's part or if it has some other motivation,'' said Richard Doherty, president of Envisioneering, a technology research firm in Seaford, N.Y. ''Everybody in the industry has strong opinions on the Microsoft-Justice battle, and Microsoft has fewer supporters this week than last week.''
The Power PC chip, which drives the Apple Macintosh personal computer and its clones, evolved from a grand alliance struck by Apple Computer, Motorola and I.B.M.
Microsoft is introducing its homegrown search technology to users of its MSN service and Internet Explorer browser; Microsoft has offered Web search services for years, but it used underlying technology provided by Yahoo (M)
So Mr. Black and Mr. Nichols first went after the health-conscious, processing the fruit into packs of frozen pulp mixed with guaraná, another berry from the Amazon that contains natural stimulants.
On June 20, the company's Web site -- which has a particularly high profile because Microsoft is the world's largest provider of computer software -- was disrupted by electronic vandals who had found a flaw in the company's Windows NT operating system.
Steven A. Ballmer, Microsoft's chief executive, and Mike Nash, corporate vice president of Microsoft's security business and technology unit, will make the corporate product announcement today in Munich.
Year 2000 will be remembered as year that Microsoft abandoned its PC-centric view of the world, and embarked on new strategy, proclaiming that it will build computer operating system directly into fabric of the Internet; creating a network operating system--an idea that Microsoft once opposed--is a real shift in strategy, and a particularly daring one because it strikes at heat of bitterly contested federal antitrust lawsuit that Microsoft is now appealing; photos; charts (L) (Special section on outlook for the economy and business)
Gol Transportes Aéreos, the fast-growing Brazilian budget airline, said it had placed an order for up to 43 passenger jets from the Boeing Company.
World Business Briefing
Microsoft Corp senior executive Brad Chase completes testimony in company's antitrust trial, reporting that America Online has renewed its contract to equip its users with Microsoft's Internet browser--even though it is buying Netscape Communications, Microsoft's main competitor in browser field; says he expects America Online to abandon Microsoft soon enough, dealing serious blow to Microsoft's effort to make its browser, Internet Explorer, the industry standard; believes America Online has chosen to stick with Microsoft for political reasons because company wants to influence outcome of antitrust case (M)
Mr. Lowery, of the state environmental department, said Exxon Mobil notified the state of the spill in August 1997, after it removed its underground storage tanks, gasoline pump islands and hydraulic lifts at the former station on Old Country Road.
Moreover, media companies with significant news operations are facing increased costs to cover the ensuing fight against terrorism.
Michael J. Russell Jr., an analyst who follows advertising stocks for Morgan Stanley Dean Witter in New York, said in an interview after the call that it was ''comforting'' to know that the reason True North restated its earnings was ''benign.''
Mr. Swint of Wal-Mart said the company would create discounts that encouraged shoppers to purchase both DVDs and digital videos.
Verizon, formed this year by Bell Atlantic's acquisition of GTE, submitted additional information to the commission.
3 Men Are Charged With Fraud In 1,100 Art Auctions on EBay
The Interpublic statement about Ms. Forissier, 57, did not elaborate on the abruptness of her departure or why she was leaving; it included generalities like, ''We wish her well in her future endeavors.''
In tapping John A. Thain, a top Goldman Sachs executive, to restore its tattered image, the New York Stock Exchange is turning to a dispassionate Wall Street technocrat whose manner and methods contrast sharply with the back-slapping approach to running the exchange favored by Richard A. Grasso, its former chairman.
Citigroup's stock, one of the nation's most widely held, was the biggest drag yesterday on the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index.
The Ford Motor Company, facing an overhaul in its sagging North American operations, is telling suppliers to expect to make price cuts once its own turnaround plan is in place.
But Boston Scientific dominates the $5.9 billion field of coronary stents, and it is growing about 12 percent a year.
In his new role, Mr. Chenault will function as chief operating officer, supervising all of the company's businesses including the American Express Bank and American Express Financial Advisers, its rapidly growing investment arm.
According to Dow Chemical's lawsuit, the company relied solely on Mr. Dimon's comments to Mr. Liveris in firing the two men and publicly disclosing the reasons.
Mr. Moore, who has served on Intel's board since the company was created in 1968, will continue to advise it as a director emeritus.
Today in Los Angeles, Bill Gates, the chairman of the Microsoft Corporation, will present his company's notion of where things are headed, which the software maker calls ''seamless computing.''
In return for giving up its interest in the Garden, News Corporation will gain full control of three sports channels.
His family is suing Merck, Vioxx's manufacturer, in state court in Brazoria County, Tex., claiming that Vioxx was responsible for his death.
It was a small fumble on a day that signified a start for General Motors' grand plans to break into the car market here.
Throughout the Microsoft documents, the company makes the case that it is a national asset, central to the nation's economy, so that disturbing Microsoft would be unfortunate for both the American people and the economy.
''If you include that, I.B.M.
Rob Glaser, the chief executive of RealNetworks, is a former Microsoft manager who departed to start his own company a decade ago and compete in the market for digital media software with his old boss, Bill Gates, Microsoft's co-founder.
But Barry Rosenblum, president of the city's Time Warner systems, said he would not accede to ''outrageous'' demands that would be an ''unfair burden to all our subscribers.''
Those efforts began taking shape recently, after Yahoo reached agreements to sell ads on eBay and on some 264 newspaper Web sites.
Not coincidentally, many of these airports started or added service by Southwest Airlines and other low-fare carriers.
If Netscape stayed on the applications or solutions side of the operating system, the two companies could be partners, Microsoft said.
Southwest Airlines, which began transcontinental service this fall, will focus on adding flights from the cities it already serves, rather than adding destinations.
It was, after all, I.B.M.
Because of the highly technical nature of the subject, the commission has been working with personal computer makers to test Microsoft's proposals for licensing the Windows code.
1 Intermediate Court in Beijing said that while he was serving as the chairman of China Construction Bank, Zhang Enzhao met with senior managers from I.B.M.
Verizon invested $970 million in Metromedia's convertible bonds last year, in addition to $715.4 million in common stock, giving it about a 20 percent stake.
Low-cost producers like Micron Technologies, based in Boise, Idaho, are moving to pick up plants inexpensively from departing rivals.
With Bluetooth wireless technology, Apple enables short-range wireless connections between PC's, hand-held computers, printers, digital cameras, keyboards, even computer mice.
It will also use Microsoft's chat software when it is released this spring.
It will offer a TV program guide, similar to those offered on digital cable services, but Yahoo's version will include reviews and ratings of shows from its users.
The proxy is scheduled to be released around Oct. 7, assuming that Interpublic meets a goal, which it reiterated last week, to release the data by Sept. 30.
Key members of AT&T's board and executive team appear to believe that it would be irresponsible of them to put AT&T's shareholders into such a situation, according to people close to the discussions.
Microsoft has since said that its failure to disclose the patent application was inadvertent and, more important, that it will freely license the patent.
David L. Cohen, a Comcast executive vice president, was Mr. Rendell's chief of staff when he was mayor, and William P. Hankowsky, Liberty's chief executive, was director of Philadelphia's development agency.
General Motors, Ford and Chrysler held their lowest shares of the American market ever last month.
But Davis's lease at the revamped stadium never turned into the financial geyser that the Redskins have at FedEx Field, the Rams have at the Trans World Dome or the Browns have in Cleveland.
But Dr. John W. Rowe, president and chief executive, and William H. Donaldson, chairman, sent an e-mail message to Aetna's 40,000 employees yesterday explaining the company's position on some of issues.
The move by Microsoft is the latest step in the computer industry to deal with a rising number of intellectual property lawsuits against software makers and the companies who distribute their technology.
News Corporation's stake in the cable system is worth about $9 billion, these people said, while Liberty's stake in News Corporation is worth about $11 billion.
But with tens -- perhaps hundreds -- of millions of dollars invested in preparing cases nationwide, Mr. Lanier and other plaintiffs lawyers say they will continue to force Merck to defend itself in court.
''I.B.M.
Microsoft's sales pitch to corporate customers is based on the idea that the use of low-cost personal computing technology means that once-costly information-processing tasks can be done far less expensively.
The foremost corporate champion of Linux is I.B.M., which is working with many governments on Linux projects.
At Microsoft, Interlopers Sound Off On Security
Mike Zafirovski, president of the Motorola PCS division, said the company had been working with its own operating system, as well as Palm and Symbian, and planned to continue all three efforts.
So I.B.M.
Net income at eBay for the three months ended June 30 fell to $250 million, or 17 cents a share, from $291.6 million, or 21 cents a share, in the period a year earlier.
The General Motors Corporation, which sold its operations here to local management in 1987, will buy back the remaining 51 percent of the Delta Motor Corporation under a deal approved earlier this week by South African regulators.
Motorola Inc says third-quarter profit rose 66 percent, in line with Wall Street estimates, on strong sales of broadband equipment and computer chips; profit rose to $598 million compared with $361 million in year-earlier quarter; sales increased to $9.5 billion from $8.1 billion; net income totaled $531 million compared with $114 million a year ago (M)
Industry analysts and labor experts generally praised Wal-Mart's new employee outreach effort, which they said appeared to imitate practices from companies known for cultivating a healthy relationship between managers and employees.
In a statement, Pfizer said it was generally pleased with the ruling but would appeal the part of the decision invalidating its 2010 patent.
And even though neither National nor Advanced Micro has ever been able to match Intel's manufacturing efficiencies,  both have been boosted by partnerships or other contractual arrangements with International Business Machines for chip production.
Here's a Concept: Fixed Prices at EBay
Oracle also said that it was extending its offer until March 12, from its current expiration date of Feb. 12.
After almost a quarter-century, General Electric will no longer ''bring good things to life.''
Janus, giant new supercomputer at Sandia National Laboratories in New Mexico, is giving scientists the power to perform a once-inconceivable trillion mathematical operations per second; immense power of 9,072 Pentium Pro processors, set up by Intel Corp, enables scientists to see what would happen if comet such as Shoemaker-Levy hit ocean on earth; simulation sequence illustrated; photo of early Eniac machine, which could do 7,500 calculations per second; Janus is so fast and has so much memory, hundreds of billions of bytes, that it can simulate complex events such as explosions, nuclear fusion reactions and missile impacts in unprecedented detail; new teraflop machine was ordered for Energy Department's Acelerated Strategic Computing Initiative, which uses simulations to test nuclear weapons without actual explosions; one side of Janus is used for such classified work, while the other solves unclassified scientific problems; physicist Dr Mark Boslough describes recent simulation of nuclear fusion (M)
They'll get their answer, and they'll be satisfied,'' said Ulysses A. Yannas, who has long followed Kodak for Buckman, Buckman & Reid.
Separately, Pfizer in New York named the Kaplan Thaler Group in New York, part of the Publicis Groupe, to handle the creative account of Celebrex, a prescription arthritis drug.
As a shareholder and board member, Mr. Pisano benefits from increased revenue at Netflix, the suit says.
Instead, he said, the testimony and documents merely demonstrated that in 1995 there was ''some disagreement within Microsoft about whether Netscape would be a competitor or not.''
A bidding war for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. appears to have erupted, as Time Warner Inc. has emerged with an offer worth almost $5 billion, executives close to the negotiations said yesterday.
Federal regulators yesterday approved the News Corporation's acquisition of Chris-Craft Industries, paving the way for the company to gain unprecedented control over two of the main broadcast television stations in the New York market.
A spokesman for Mattel said neither Ms. Barad nor the company would comment on her compensation or that of any of other senior executives.
Despite investors' reaction, Terry S. Semel, Yahoo's chairman and chief executive, said he was pleased with the company's performance.
''If you look through what Coke was saying, why they're taking the numbers down, I don't have a problem with it,'' said Marc Greenberg, a beverage analyst at Deutsche Bank.
In recent months, AOL Time Warner has tried to persuade AT&T to swap its interest in Time Warner Entertainment for shares in a newly created Time Warner Cable operation, which AT&T could then sell.
The broad investigation into the insurance industry has already brought down top executives of other insurers, including Maurice R. Greenberg, the former chief executive of the American International Group.
Using the money made from Air Taxi service, which by 1990 had grown to 25 airplanes, Taesa began to operate charters, thinking that scheduled service would be the next step.
General Motors says it will pay Fiat $2 billion so that it will not be forced to take over Fiat's ailing auto business; companies also dissolve industrial partnership in which they jointly produced engines and transmissions in Europe and Latin America and jointly bought parts; say they will continue to cooperate in some areas; Fiat chief executive Sergio Marchionne and GM chairman Rick Wagoner call settlement of Fiat's put option to sell auto business to GM fair; GM will return its 10 percent stake in Fiat Auto to Fiat and take $840 million charge (M)
Ms. Traxler said that she was already seeing the effects of the Boeing layoffs -- which are expected to claim 20,000 jobs or more in the Seattle area -- and that if there was any upturn at Microsoft, it was not offsetting the other bad economic news in any obvious way.
''The stock is down because when General Mills shareholders saw that 20 percent hit, they felt like they needed one of Diageo's stiffest drinks,'' Mr. McMillin said.
Although ''it's safe to say we have a long way to go,'' Mr. Quinn said, ''you'll see a different Wal-Mart in 2007.''
The suit centers on one of the most essential pieces of equipment in A.T.& T.'s network, the No.
In Verizon's case, such access must be made available by 2013, Mr. Myers said.
The Sun-Intel alliance follows closely on the heels of Intel's purchase of Digital Equipment's microprocessor technology.
Motorola's paging, cellular and semiconductor businesses are all suffering, but the company says that it is refocusing its operations, integrating units and headed toward greater efficiency.
Before Pfizer announced its results, its shares closed at $47.5625, up $1.6875.
In addition to Microsoft and Sun, Oracle, Intel, I.B.M.
Goldman Sachs announced yesterday that it was paring its research staff, a sign that investment banks are taking further aim at stock research departments they regard as bloated.
Mariann Caprino, a Pfizer spokeswoman, said the company could not comment further because the subpoena was still being reviewed.
Also weighing on the Dow were declines in Boeing, down $2, to $66;  General Motors, lower by $1.71, to $55.18; American Express, down $1.35, to $44.70; and Merck, which fell  $1.10, to $74.
But Mr. Barrett rebutted a report from a Salomon Smith Barney analyst saying that Intel would reduce its spending budget, which calls for a $12 billion investment in research, development and production this year.
Bank of America, based in Charlotte, N.C., earned $2.15 billion, or $1.23 a diluted share, up from $893 million, or 50 cents a share, excluding merger-related charges.
Pontiac-GMC division of General Motors Corp shifts GMC trucks account, with billings estimated at $70 million, between agencies owned by Interpublic Group of Companies (S)
Mr. Kreinberg said, ''We believe our complaint sets out solid and substantial claims for profound reputational injury caused by the malicious and irresponsible conduct of Andrew Liveris and the Dow Chemical Company.''
Microsoft names Kevin Turner as its new chief operating officer; Turner has 19-year career at Wal-Mart, where he rose to post of chief executive of company's warehouse club division; his career at Wal-Mart reviewed (M)
Another Government contention is that Microsoft's contracts with personal computer makers are restrictive, giving Microsoft tight-fisted control over the main Windows screen that users see when they start up their machines.
Fox and CBS and all of them are in the business of nonstop soft porn, but God forbid we should use a condom in the pursuit of sexual pleasure.''
The Pepsi-Cola Company unit of Pepsico Inc. said yesterday that it had expanded its relationship with the BBDO Worldwide unit of Omnicom Group in New York by naming BBDO Asia-Pacific to handle creative duties for the Pepsi-Cola and Mountain Dew brands in Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand and Vietnam, and media planning and account management duties for its Mirinda and 7Up brands in those countries.
Procter wanted to see if they could change that.''
Now Boston Scientific may have turned the tables.
Yahoo, which argued that filters would block even legal material, is considering an appeal.
John A. Kanas, North Fork's chief executive, will become the president of Capital One's banking business and report to Richard D. Fairbank, Capital One's chief executive.
Picture in special E-Business section on June 13 with article about development of Fortran computer language was published in error; it shows first programming class for IBM 704 computing system, not Fortram team
The United States claims this has allowed Airbus to erode Boeing's dominance of civil aviation, forcing it to cut its commercial production by 60 percent over the last five years and pare its work force by 40,000 people.
Interpublic Group of Companies is filling in details of its previously disclosed plans to merge Bozell into New York office of sibling agency Lowe & Partners Worldwide; Tom Bernadin, president and chief executive at Bozell, will become president and chief operating officer at Lowe New York; Rob Quish, president at Lowe New York, will become executive vice president at Lowe; Lowe New York will have about 750 employees and billings estimated at $1.5 billion after absorbing Bozell; Bozell name will disappear with merger (S)
employees in China certify annually, require I.B.M.
Some analysts suggest that Microsoft will try to drag out the case until the Clinton administration leaves office in January 2001 and a new president appoints a new chief of the Justice Department's antitrust division.
The official said, however, that Coolio was not a suspect in the attacks last month on Yahoo, eBay and Amazon.com, among others.
GENERAL ELECTRIC would like you to know that it makes the world's most efficient electric generators, part of its Ecomagination program of clean technologies.
And Coca-Cola would be forced to reclaim billions of dollars of debt that now resides with Coca-Cola Enterprises.
But in 1998, an arbitration panel ruled that the licensing agreement did not apply to Aranesp, allowing Amgen to sell the new drug in all markets for all uses, in direct competition with Johnson & Johnson's EPO.
Microsoft has said that Windows 98 is the end of the line for the first generation of Windows products, which began as a graphical software shell built around DOS.
Intel admits to its hardball tactics and is prepared to defend every one.
And Johnson & Johnson could try to slow down Boston Scientific's efforts to close the Guidant deal by pressing antitrust objections at the Federal Trade Commission.
For the fiscal year, Apple's revenue increased 68 percent, to $13.93 billion.
Such a move, community bankers contend, could wipe out their businesses, given Wal-Mart's size, economic might and history of crippling rivals.
In another recent case, the Thomas & Betts Corporation of Tennessee tried to uncover the name of an employee who had posted anonymous messages on a Yahoo message board, but dropped the suit after Public Citizen intervened.
The Bank of America unit of the BankAmerica Corporation has named four finalists to compete for its combined corporate image and retail accounts, with billings estimated at $50 million to $70 million.
Apple's research program benefits all its buyers, but disproportionately those who care most about the new features it makes possible.
Philip F Murtaugh, General Motors executive who turned company's operations in China into one of GM's few successes in recent years, unexpectedly resigns from automaker, citing personal reasons (M)
Last week, Oracle sued PeopleSoft in Delaware, arguing that the company was not acting in the best interest of its shareholders and demanding that it rescind its amended offer for J. D. Edwards.
General Motors Corp expands its advertising agency roster by naming Modernista in Boston to handle account of Hummer brand of wide-body vehicles; billings estimated at $20 million to $35 million (S)
Aetna had been working with doctors and hospitals and had been announcing ''major changes'' since last spring, when Mr. Donaldson, then chief executive, met with the Connecticut Medical Society, the message said.
One person involved in the settlement who insisted on anonymity said that in addition to paying $15 million, Boeing agreed to change the way it selects managers, makes promotions and handles complaints of discrimination.
Companies move to reassure investors, day after Dow Jones stock average tumbled 512 points, by announcing plans to buy back shares; planned buybacks by Boeing Co, Comcast Corp, Movie Gallery Inc and Sinclair Broadcast Group noted; some analysts say buybacks can be sign of weak company desperately trying to improve prospects for short term; say money some companies are using to repurchase shares might better be spent on development of new products or purchase of more efficient machinery (M)
Yet, the paradox of Intel is that the Government is seeking to limit the chip maker's ''monopolistic practices'' at a time when the company is facing its greatest level of competition in more than a decade.
When John Riccitiello was president of Electronic Arts, the world's biggest video game publisher, he was the ultimate industry insider.
Napster, digital music provider, and Best Buy, electronics retailer, enter deal to promote each other (S)
To avoid running afoul of studios, who want to protect their DVD business, Wal-Mart said the price of a digital movie would be comparable to that of the DVD at its stores.
With this week's presentations, Microsoft tried to quash that concern by demonstrating highly anticipated games like Perfect Dark Zero and Project Gotham Racing 3 from its own studio while also introducing projects from respected third-party developers.
Long-empty Book-Cadillac Hotel, which for half century has been Detroit's leading place to stay, has been acquired by Historic Hospitality Investments, arm of Kimberly-Clark Corp, that specializes in restoring once-grand hotels in central cities and that sees promising future both for its new acquisition and for parts of surrounding downtown area; $146.8 million deal involves extensive use of federal and state tax credits and other public funds; photo (M)
I used his story to illustrate the low barriers to entry for those wanting to compete on the Internet, even against Amazon.com.
The Lehman report comes almost eight months after Mr. Suria's first research report on Amazon's convertible bonds, in which he questioned Amazon's promises of future profitability.
While Coca-Cola and Coca-Cola Enterprises are separate companies, many analysts and accountants have said that their business is essentially united.
Lockheed Martin has begun lobbying the Justice Department and the Pentagon to block Northrop Grumman's potential deal.
At 10:30 a.m., just a half hour before AT&T's board was scheduled to begin meeting on the 34th floor at Wachtel Lipton, Mr. Armstrong and Mr. Noski conferred with their advisers -- Richard D. Katcher of Wachtel, Gene Sykes of Goldman Sachs, and Christopher Lawrence of Credit Suisse First Boston -- and decided management would recommend Comcast's offer.
AT&T shares closed today at $52.625, up $1.375, on the New York Stock Exchange.
For now, analysts said, Bank of America's strongest position is as a lender to the so-called ''middle market,'' small to medium-size companies around the country.
Hewlett-Packard hopes to take a leadership role in bringing industry-standard technology -- Intel-based computers running Microsoft's Windows or the GNU Linux, a variant of the Unix operating system that is distributed free -- into corporate data centers.
Judge Scheindlin did not rule on the merits of the cases, but she outlined a new theory of ''commingled product'' liability that would place more legal burden on the MTBE producers, which include Exxon Mobil and Lyondell Chemical.
Microsoft's efforts to persuade wireless carriers to use its cellphone operating system have struggled.
Microsoft's game-software division is a powerhouse, so the company is trying to conquer the market for game paraphernalia like joysticks, steering wheels and stereo speakers.
Further, ''I kept the board informed on every word with Pfizer.''
World Business Briefing
The virus is being transmitted only by users of Windows, primarily through Microsoft's Outlook Express e-mail program.
Microsoft reached this settlement, one of the largest ever received by a group of temporary employees, after the workers had sued the company, maintaining that they were actually permanent employees, not temporaries, and therefore deserved the same benefits as regular workers.
PeopleSoft said legal and marketing expenses associated with fighting off Oracle had cost PeopleSoft 2 cents a share during the quarter.
On a conference call with investors, Jeffrey P. Bezos, Amazon's chief executive, declined to discuss the financial results of the new apparel department.
Microsoft executives said that the company had begun putting into place user-protection mechanisms that would make software recalls unnecessary.
Xerox has made little headway in its attempts to sell inkjet printers.
Shares of eBay fall nearly 12 percent, as much as $12 in after-hours trading because its earnings in fourth quarter missed Wall Street's expectations by penny a share--this despite profits that were up 44 percent; company posts profit of $205.4 million, or 30 cents per share, in quarter ended Dec 31, up from $142.5 million, or 21 cents per share, in period year earlier; revenues were $935.8 million, also up 44 percent; chief executive Meg Whitman comments (M)
''Microsoft's consistent success has a bit of a monotony about it,'' said David Readerman, an analyst with Thomas Weisel & Partners.
The commission, however, said it received nothing from Microsoft until after its public statement on the company.
However, according to both industry consultants and Microsoft partners, after nine months of intense effort the company was unable to find any partner willing to commit itself to the program.
Another Morgan Stanley managing director resigned yesterday, one of the first executive departures since the firm's board reaffirmed its support for the chief executive, Philip J. Purcell, over the weekend.
But if the commission finds that Microsoft violated European Union antitrust laws, the company would face a hefty fine and, more important, would be forced to make changes in the way it sells software.
He also said that many analysts had been predicting that with AT&T's entry into the low-end consumer Internet access market, with its five free hours a month, many consumers would leave their current Internet access providers for AT&T.
Before its private show this week, Mattel eliminated about 25 percent of the Harry Potter toys it originally designed.
In the quarter, Nokia encountered a problem that plagued Motorola last year: building and shipping enough new products to keep up with a surging market.
Microsoft said it was taking a charge of $660 million, or 8 cents a share, to cover estimated expenses in connection with the consumer class-action lawsuits spawned by the Justice Department's antitrust lawsuit against the company, which is based in Redmond, Wash.
''You got the baby boomers who grew up with AT&T and the younger generation doesn't even know about the brand so you get to start all over with them.''
AT&T officials declined to indicate when telephone customers would be offered dialing access to the Internet services -- requiring a personal computer, a modem and a standard telephone line -- except to say that technical trials would begin within 60 days and would be available initially in limited areas.
More often than not, Mr. Eisner has been successful in his battles -- though he has never faced a challenge as formidable as the unsolicited Comcast bid.
A British scientific group, the Royal Society, contends that Exxon Mobil is spreading ''inaccurate and misleading'' information about climate change and is financing groups that misinform the public on the issue.
Conversely, Time Warner cable will offer Earthlink's service along with AOL's to its subscribers, at any price it chooses, adding the service to the cable bill.
Yet I.B.M.
For now, Verizon has agreed to pay $8.46 billion, or $26 a share, for MCI, the nation's second-largest long-distance company.
Microsoft then filed a motion for a rehearing on that issue, asserting that the finding was ''clearly erroneous.''
Second, the court found that Microsoft's decision to ''commingle'' Web browsing software with operating system software meant that trying to remove Internet Explorer had the effect of crippling Windows, which controls the basic operations of the computer.
But recent disclosures from documents obtained by the Justice Department and the states as part of their investigation into Microsoft's business practices show the deep frustration felt by Intel executives in the face of pressure applied by Microsoft's chairman, William H. Gates.
That allowed PC makers to sell new computers late last year with the promise that users would be able to upgrade to the new Microsoft products, and prevent PC sales from stalling.
As to the other charge, that Microsoft had tried to push Apple out of the market for multimedia software for Windows, Mr. Engstrom acknowledged that it was true.
The company's insurance subsidiaries own $335 million in WorldCom bonds, the statement said, while there is another $40 million in unspecified exposure elsewhere at Citigroup.
WAL-MART IS SAID TO BE ACQUIRING A CHAIN IN CHINA
Terms of the deal called for portions of the debt to be sold off by May 1999 in chunks to other banks, to help spread Citigroup's risk -- unless the commodity was delivered or the money advanced was repaid.
The Government's suit asserts that Compaq sued the Packard Bell Electronics Corporation in 1994, contending that the company was using patented Compaq technologies in its computers when, in fact, the components in question had been supplied by Intel.
Those low rates have become the flashpoint in a war of words between AT&T and Frontier.
Next year, Amgen hopes to win approval for a new version of Neupogen.
Starbucks, the nation's largest coffee chain, said the service would be available in about 70 percent of its 4,000 stores in one to two years.
At first, Mr. Bonsignore's secretary refused to interrupt the Honeywell board meeting.
Bonnie Zakotnik, the lawyer for Ellis Maximo Diaz, said there was no way she could go through all of the available documents from Merck, the maker of Vioxx, by June 12, when the trial was to start.
If MCI is acquired by Qwest, MCI will owe Verizon $200 million in break-up fees.
Wal-Mart, he said, is currently ''offering big-screen TV's but no service warranties.
Splitting Microsoft in two was the option championed by the Clinton administration, some industry groups and some economists.
to focus on a core area of expertise for a finance company run by an automaker, originating car loans and servicing the contracts, and allows Bank of America to use its investment-grade credit rating to make a better rate of return than G.M.A.C.
Stocks rise after Pres Bush proposes hefty package of government spending and tax breaks to revive national economy, which appears headed toward recession after terrorist attacks; technology stocks, helped in large part by encouraging words from Cisco Systems, lead market, with Nasdaq composite index gaining nearly 6 percent; Nasdaq climbs 88.48 points, to 1,580.81; Dow Jones industrial average gains 173.19 points, to 9,123.78; Standard & Poor's 500-stock index rises 20.95 points, to 1,072.28; graph; chart (M)
Now Merck has lost a large verdict less than 100 miles from its headquarters in Whitehouse Station, N.J.
The average Chinese shopper spends about $4 at Wal-Mart, compared with $20 for the average American, according to Wal-Mart.
Verizon executives say they need such flexibility in light of an arbitrator's ruling two weeks ago ordering that 2,300 workers be reinstated because they had been laid off in violation of the union contract's job security language.
As part of the deal, Selectica sold Cisco warrants for 800,000 shares of its stock, a sweetener that has proved to be worth much more than the software contract.
Most analysts say that Microsoft gained its monopoly position in part by figuring out more quickly than others that most people want programs bundled in a suite and designed to work with and look like one another.
Some popular online services are using a new kind of software to divert sales commissions that would otherwise be paid to small online merchants by big sites like Amazon and eToys.
Boeing says there are 1,500 planes of that size, which airlines will have to replace in coming years.
Since BellSouth and AT&T do not sell local phone and Internet lines to residential customers in each other's regions, there is little duplication of services there to eliminate.
Marsh & McLennan, based in New York, has indicated it is not interested in being taken over, and a recent rise in its stock price has made it less vulnerable.
The restriction was put in place a decade ago as part of the approval for the acquisition of Turner Broadcasting Systems -- in which Mr. Malone was a large investor -- by Time Warner.
Growth rates slowed significantly in the United States, in part because of fee increases eBay imposed in mid-February, and also in Germany.
Citigroup stated that it was unaware whether Enron itself was among the notes' first buyers.
Shares of Wal-Mart fell 1.6 percent yesterday in trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
An outsider might think that in view of Prucare's well-known string of losses, such arrangements for future fees and subsidies would be subtracted from the sales price instead of adding to Aetna's earnings statements.
For 11 years, Coca-Cola's primary rival, the Pepsi-Cola Company unit of Pepsico Inc., had been the Grammy soft-drink sponsor.
In the Netherlands the company is appealing a recent patent decision in Boston Scientific's favor that threatens to halt production of Johnson & Johnson's drug-coated stents in a factory serving much of northern Europe.
That strategic shift will be very much in evidence on Monday when PC makers announce the first new computers based on Intel's new chips.
Last week, Apple announced that it had licensed its name and products for an international chain of ''cyberbased theme restaurants.''
The Buildings Department said it was a logo, not a sign, and it stayed, but in a compromise Citigroup agreed to turn it off for four hours after sunset and to dim it overnight.
The Labor Department filed three complaints with an administrative law judge last month because, it said, Boeing, which is the world's largest aerospace company, had refused to provide it with records from its operations in Seattle; Mesa, Ariz., and Wichita, Kan.
Apple had the clout to choose its own partners to provide software and services for the phone: Google for mapping, Yahoo for e-mail and both companies for search.
Any one of the judge's legal conclusions could lead to a severe punishment for Microsoft.
Before joining the research division at Microsoft, Mr. Gray worked at I.B.M.
PNC still buys its I.B.M.
While Mr. Brass is anxious to expand ClearType to all of Microsoft's products, he said that Reader offered at least a stopgap way to make text easier to read.
Aetna Inc., in one of the largest job cutbacks in the health care and insurance industries, said yesterday that it would reduce its work force by 4,400 jobs, or 13 percent of its 33,700 employees.
But because much of its future potential was already factored into its initial offering price, few other than the company's founders and its venture capitalists can boast they got rich off Apple.
Under a former chief executive, Richard Huber, Aetna became a favorite target for angry doctors and other critics of managed care.
Merck sold almost $3 billion of Vioxx a year before it withdrew the drug in September 2004 after a clinical trial showed that Vioxx sharply increased patients' risks of heart attacks and strokes.
The lawsuit charged Mr. Burns with encouraging the Saatchi 17 to leave with him for another agency and to take the General Mills account with them.
Toyota made more than General Motors, Ford Motor and DaimlerChrysler combined.
''The last thing that Priceline's stock needs is more pressure.''
Mr. Fascitelli will also receive $5 million in cash and $20 million payable over a period of years that is convertible into 460,000 Vornado shares or their cash equivalent.
Together the Japanese private banking operation and the Cititrust unit make up only a tiny part of Citigroup's sprawling international operations.
''Clearly, Microsoft has done a great job in its business,'' said Robert Rast, a vice president of General Instrument Inc., a maker of set-top boxes for cable television.
In return, Nike agreed to give Fogdog the support it gave to big chains,  including preferred prices, technical information, joint marketing and other promotions.
To secure Mr. McNerney's as chairman, president and chief executive, Boeing agreed to match his 3M salary and bonus, a combined $5.1 million last year; to cover any portion of his stock-based compensation, which could total more than $60 million, that 3M does not pay him; and match his pension, which could have paid him more than $3 million a year had he stayed at and retired from 3M.
The Fluor Corporation, which recently won a $102 million contract to work on Iraq's electrical system, would receive a tax reduction as well.
Mexico and Microsoft plan to announce an agreement on Wednesday to develop digital community centers as part of a broader ''eMexico'' initiative meant to bring the entire nation online by 2006.
Mr. Sharer has said he would be interested in acquisitions, particularly one that is large enough to make a difference but not so large that Amgen would not be able to digest it.
Some of nation's largest employers, including General Electric, IBM, McDonald's and Sears, Roebuck, plan to pool their buying power to try extending health coverage to part-time employees and other workers without insurance; some analysts say that even if companies succeed, they will make only samll dent in enormous number of nation's uninsured--more than 43 million and counting; employers announce their plan as members of Congress are introducing their own plans for helping uninsured (M)
''I gave a talk recently on 'The Tyranny of the Familiar,' '' said Dr. Bob Deutsch, a communications consultant to the DDB Worldwide agency in New York, owned by the Omnicom Group.
Medtronic, a minority investor in Transneuronix that had supplied it with pacemakers and the technology for programming them, said it would pay $260 million for full control.
Apple embarked on the path to Macintosh OS X in 1996 after spending $430 million to acquire Next Inc., the company that was founded by Steven P. Jobs after he left Apple in 1985.
Many once-loyal Boeing customers, like Frontier, now find Airbus planes to be technologically superior and more comfortable for passengers.
But in retrospect, Mr. Welch's first mistake on the Honeywell deal was apparent the day he announced it.
The factual findings appeared to make an eventual ruling against Microsoft in United States District Court here all but inevitable.
But many of the current bids have surged well beyond what AT&T and Sprint paid for their licenses last year.
In fact, Wal-Mart will employ fewer than 4,000 nonunion grocery workers to compete with the more than 200,000 existing United Food and Commercial Workers employees.
Intel executives said on Tuesday that they were making progress toward eliminating the inventory problem that caused the company to reduce its sales forecast in early September.
The Burger King Corporation in Miami, part of Diageo, is consolidating most of its advertising at agencies owned by the Interpublic Group of Companies.
But Nike is unlikely to relent in the near term, said John G. Horan, publisher at Sporting Goods Intelligence.
And that poses a serious threat to Microsoft, whose market dominance is based on the fact that its Windows operating system is the industry standard -- controlling the basic operations of some 90 percent of PC's sold.
Mr. McCarthy said the e-mail enhancements by Microsoft could hinder the marketers.
J. P. Morgan Chase and Citigroup sit on the committee, but under its bylaws do not participate in discussions of the creditors' negotiating stance.
Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc. said yesterday that it had agreed to sell the Boston Company, a provider of fee-based banking, trust and custody services, to the Mellon Bank Corporation for about $1.5 billion in cash, stock and debt.
''I give Wal-Mart a lot of credit for doing this.
The deal was one of the first major moves by M. Douglas Ivester, who became chief executive of Coca-Cola in October.
''We're going to allow individuals to manage their data instead of letting their information be exploited by marketers,'' said Richard Purcell, Microsoft's chief privacy officer.
''Don't underestimate the additional value PeopleSoft can create once the disruption from Oracle's hostile activities has ended,'' Mr. Conway said.
It was not just the cottage programmers here who believed that what is good for Microsoft is good for the country.
In addition to imposing the fees, Continental plans to reduce its capacity in the next year, freeze hiring and ground 11 Boeing MD-80's, in addition to the 49 aircraft taken out of service since Sept. 11.
Amgen does not sell any drugs for heart diseases, but it is in late-stage trials of an anemia drug, Aranesp, as a treatment for heart failure.
Starbucks Coffee Co says that after only 13 months, it has ended its relationship with BBDO West; billings estimated at $5 million to $10 million (S)
Analysts had forecast earnings of $165 million, or 45 cents a share, until Sept. 28, when Apple warned that its revenue would be significantly below expectations.
At the time, prosecutors said Mr. Curry was caught in the act of paying an undercover officer to plant fake E-mails in the Morgan Stanley computer system that would support his claim of racism and homophobia at the firm.
Industry analysts speculate on whether IBM mortgages its future with plan to sell much of its magnetic disk data storage business to Hitachi; note difficult dynamics of fast-paced industry; execution of each new generation of rapidly changing technology has to be flawless or else market share can collapse overnight; IBM may be gambling that its research in so-called nanotechnologies will make spinning magnetic storage disks obsolete in decade or so; drawing (M)
The goal of the campaign, by the Playa del Rey, Calif., office of TBWA/Chiat/Day, part of the TBWA Worldwide division of the Omnicom Group, is to sell motor oil in a nontraditional way that is effective as well as attention-getting.
But on Monday, Honeywell's board issued a statement reaffirming Honeywell's commitment to the merger.
McCann-Erickson New York -- part of the McCann-Erickson Worldwide Advertising unit of the McCann-Erickson World Group, owned by the Interpublic Group of Companies -- had previously handled network television buying for Johnson & Johnson.
Motorola Inc report its second straight quarter of profitability in fourth quarter and tops Wall Street's expectations for profit and revenue; net earnings were $174 million compared with loss of $1.2 billion year earlier; overall revenue rose 3.2 percent in quarter, to $7.54 billion, from $7.31 billion year ago; chairman-chief executive Christopher B Galvin comments (M)
If no settlement is reached between now and next Wednesday, the European Commission is expected to adopt a ruling that finds Microsoft to be an abusive monopolist.
A.T.& T. told analysts yesterday that its 1991 telephone traffic, or minutes of use, rose about 6.5 percent from the period a year ago, but it did not disclose an exact number.
The American winners were Crispin, Porter & Bogusky in Miami, for a commercial for the Florida Department of Health; the Los Angeles office of Saatchi & Saatchi, part of the Publicis Groupe, for a Toyota commercial; the San Francisco office of TBWA/Chiat/Day, part of the TBWA Worldwide division of the Omnicom Group, for a Fox Sports Net spot; and Wieden & Kennedy, for another commercial for Nike.
For Boeing and Airbus, currying favor with the Russians is important as both companies vie for big orders for wide-bodied jets from Aeroflot.
''It will have meaning to consumers whether Target is around the corner or they have to jump on a train to get there,'' she said.
While the stocks of General Motors and Ford Motor are falling almost in tandem, the risks seen in the two American automakers are divergent.
Time Warner's decision to sell a minority stake in AOL is driven by its need to increase its sagging stock price, especially as it is being pressured to restructure itself by Carl C. Icahn, the activist investor, said Michael B. Nathanson, who follows Time Warner for Sanford C. Bernstein.
"I am very proud of this decision," she said, because it shows that AT&T is committed to the Internet.
reported yesterday that its sales and profits declined in the fourth quarter of last year, but the financial results once again reflected the comparative resilience of I.B.M.
The aviation agency also seems to have paid relatively little attention to Alaska Airlines' decision to stretch out the number of hours between tests to measure wear on the part.
At present, companies that compete with Microsoft in the applications business also badly need the cooperation of Microsoft to share its operating system technology if their products are to run smoothly on Windows.
Investors seem pleased with Corning's strategy.
Intel Announces a New Design for Chips
Microsoft keeps a Windows 98 Startup and Shutdown Troubleshooting Wizard on its Web site that may help you narrow down your specific shutdown problem and solve it.
Analysts like to look at Yahoo's revenue after deducting the payments it makes to sites that carry its ads, like Microsoft's MSN search service.
Microsoft Ignores Woes As It Looks to Future
But a Microsoft executive said that a clean-room copy of the Windows server technology could lead to quality and performance issues.
Moody's said Sony's electronics division would continue to suffer from the effects of deflation and, despite efforts to overhaul its operations, ''Sony may take longer than expected to regain the strong profit and cash flow generation patterns seen before.''
''I'll be honest with you, if you look at it from a strictly conceptual point of view, it does have a distortional impact on the industry,'' Herbert D. Kelleher, the chairman of Southwest Airlines, said in an interview this week.
TOP online merchants have advertised extensively on search sites like Google, Yahoo, MSN and AOL, buying their way to prominence.
Boeing delivered 527 planes last year, 62 percent of the total, but its leadership is clearly threatened.
Because Mexico's foreign debt is clearly manageable, Moody's said, ''a slowdown in the U.S. economy should not be seriously disruptive.''
This week, Motorola attributed much of its restatement to lost sales in developing countries that followed a decision to not match price cuts by competitors.
Microsoft, the Seattle software giant, reclaimed the title as the top holding of Fidelity Investments, the nation's largest manager of mutual funds, which is a unit of FMR.
''Dave looked at the situation at Intel,'' Mr. Severino said.
The AT&T Corporation said yesterday that it had selected Young & Rubicam to handle its global brand accounts in Latin America and Asia, previously at Ogilvy & Mather.
Adobe Systems and Macromedia spent more than a decade as fierce rivals in the software market.
General Motors plans to revive Pontiac GTO, American muscle car, by modifying sports coupe known as Monaro that it sells in Australia; car is likely to be priced around $30,000 to $35,000; several other automakers introduce cars at New York International Auto Show at Jacob K Javits Convention Center; photo (M)
At the time, Mr. Ballmer sent an e-mail message to Microsoft employees explaining that the job of chief operating officer would not be filled, in part to promote faster decision-making and a more entrepreneurial style in the business units.
Yahoo and three other technology companies are to testify Wednesday before a House human rights subcommittee about their business dealings in China.
A spokesman said Microsoft's top executives, including Mr. Gates and Steven A. Ballmer, were in an all-day executive retreat and were unavailable for comment.
Colgate-Palmolive and Introgen Therapeutics, Austin, Tex, biotechnology company, announce alliance to incorporate gene therapy into mouthwashes, gels and similar products to treat and prevent oral cancers; Colgate is buying 9.7 percent stake in Introgen for about $20 million, or $5.54 per share; Introgen's gene-therapy method puts tumor supressor genes into cancerous cells to stop growth of tumors (M)
of Saatchi & Saatchi's New York office,'' started last fall ''a campaign of disparagement'' of the agency to employees as well as to General Mills.
''Bristol-Myers Squibb is this monster-sized company,'' said David Saks, a managing director at Gruntal & Company.
Ending a month of speculation, Great-West Lifeco, which is controlled by the Montreal-based Power Corporation of Canada, said on Thursday that it would acquire Putnam Investments, a troubled mutual fund manager, from the Marsh & McLennan Companies for about $3.9 billion.
In exchange, bankers say, Microsoft would presumably obtain an exclusive contract to provide Disney with digital rights software.
Apjit Walia, an analyst with RBC Capital Markets, said he thought any market share Intel lost in the quarter could be regained once its chip-set supply problems were overcome.
General Motors' market share in North America and Europe continues to fall, and it expects to cut  production in the United States slightly in the fourth quarter compared with the period in 1999.
Dr. Robert Shulman, a professor at the Baylor College of Medicine and the lead author of the report, said Johnson & Johnson's money had no influence on the group's conclusions, although he said that he regretted that its financial support was not disclosed in the paper.
To many in Hollywood, it was a stunning display of hubris on behalf of Creative Artists and its client, Microsoft, which has a reputation for running roughshod over its rivals in the software business.
Merchants, meanwhile, will welcome the idea, predicted Marjie Smith, who sells leather goods and ceramic household items on eBay and on the Abovethemall.com site, and who is participating in the BuySafe program.
"You won't find AT&T developing a content business for itself," he said.
General Electric offers to take on much of Hudson River cleanup work; company, which spilled tons of PCB's from its upstate factories, files notice with Environmental Protection Agency that it will negotiate with government in good faith about removing chemicals, including collecting sediment samples, designing dredging plan and then performing dredging; says it will leave to government job of finding site for mud that will be removed; cost is expected to reach about $460 million; company takes conciliatory tone, but also files suit challenging constitutionality of Superfund law, under which EPA can unilaterally order cleanup (M)
Verizon said it had 90,000 repair requests yesterday, up from about 80,000 during most days last week, although the company attributed the increase to rainstorms that knocked out service in parts of several Eastern states.
Coke Bottlers Challenge Wal-Mart Deliveries
RealNetworks deputy general counsel David Stewart contends that Microsoft, ordered year ago by European Commission to sell second version of Windows in Europe that has its music and video-playing program, Media Player, stripped out, is not ready to comply with ruling; RealNetworks, which makes rival software, has most to gain from enforcement of order; commission has yet to decide whether Microsoft's proposal for introducing unbundled version of Windows meets its requirements (M)
Time Warner and EMI Group, in an attempt to keep European regulators from blocking $20 billion merger, propose what they call 'substantial' concessions that might include selling some of their record labels; deal still faces skepticism of European antitrust officials, who have threatened to block it if companies do not make big concessions (M)
Pfizer Asks Agencies For Viagra Ad Ideas
CBS Is Said to Be Seeking to Replace Stern's Replacement
An Apple spokeswoman said that the company would not comment on what she called rumors.
The Ford Motor Company reported higher earnings today for the fourth quarter and all of 1996, despite continued losses in the European and Latin American divisions.
You can't find that kind of variety in a Wal-Mart store, it contends.
He is said to be particularly incensed that John A. Thain, a former Goldman Sachs president and large shareholder, could have supported such a deal less than two years into his term as chief executive of the exchange.
Still, Xerox may be getting closer.
''I think this latest transaction lets both I.B.M.
Microsoft Witness Attacked For Contradictory Opinions
Although the contract does not appear to take business away from Lucent's rivals like Nortel or Motorola, it does underscore the ties between Lucent and Verizon Wireless.
And Comcast hopes to lure customers for its high-speed data service by offering AOL's content and by marketing to AOL's dial-up subscribers.
With the military industry shrinking, Boeing wanted to choose its partner early, rather than being left to pick through the leftovers.
Jones Apparel Group cuts its full-year profit forecast, largely because of loss of Lauren sportswear license, which it gave back to Polo Ralph Lauren; plans bid for bankrupt Kasper ASL (M)
Canadian Auto Workers, representing 46,000 Canadian auto workers, begins talks with big three North American automakers on new labor contract that might set precedents for similar talks next year in US; General Motors is expected to be union's primary, and most accommodating, target; Al Green, vice president for personnel at General Motors of Canada, and union president Buzz Hargrove comment; Canadian contracts expire Sept 17; photo (M)
Analysts portray AT&T as a challenger to every company that like E.D.S.
Having spent the last 20 months cutting a bloated bureaucracy, he had invited two dozen Wall Street analysts to ConAgra's headquarters here to show off the first new products under his tenure.
Earlier this year, I.B.M.
Tucked into an out-of-the-way building several blocks from Apple's Cupertino campus, he and his designers have been laboring on ideas that might give flight to a computing generation that has more in common with Swatch and Nike than with I.B.M.
Questions are being raised inside Walt Disney Co boardroom about whether Michael D Eisner, chairman and chief executive, has wherewithal to reverse fortunes of company who share price has hit an eight-year low; Stanley Gold, board member whose Shamrock Holdings is investment arm of Disney family, is reportedly trying to tap into discontent of other investors in what might end as power struggle involving Gold, aided by Roy Disney, and Eisner over Disney's future direction; Disney board has been criticized as weak and for having let Eisner stay too long; photo; graph (M)
The I.B.M.
Under its agreement with Johnson & Johnson, Amgen sells Epogen only for kidney dialysis in the United States while Johnson & Johnson sells it for other uses domestically and for all uses in Europe and some other countries.
Mr. Conway said that ''the increasing prominence of the contour bottle drawing on the can is a clear strategy to try to use the special icon that Coke has, to differentiate their packaging,'' adding, ''Every company has a soda can, but the contour bottle is unique to Coca-Cola.''
Gary Balter, an analyst with UBS, notes that only Staples same-store sales keep going up.
Poppe Tyson WCP in Pittsburgh, formerly Werner Chepelsky & Partners, said yesterday that the Mellon Bank Corporation, a client for the last five years, had decided to keep its account at the agency.
Intel's effort to introduce Itanium mirrors an old controversy over computer architecture known as Reduced Instruction Set Computing, or RISC, which many once thought would displace the Pentium.
The group envisions better power management in computers, roughly equivalent to taking 11 million cars off the highway, according to Patrick P. Gelsinger, senior vice president in charge of Intel's digital enterprise group.
The network, which Starbucks announced in January, uses a wireless technology called 802.11b.
Patriot American Hospitality Inc., a fast-growing real estate investment trust, is likely to announce as soon as today that it has bought Carnival Hotels and Resorts, a hotel management company based in Miami, according to people close to the negotiations.
Xerox Moves Up an Insider to Be Its Chief
''If the network computers catch fire at all, they have the possibility of really retarding growth of personal computers, and that's really scary for us,'' said Steve Ballmer, Microsoft's executive vice president.
Just four advertisers -- Anheuser-Busch, General Motors, PepsiCo and Sony -- will by themselves account for 40 percent of the spots being sold by ABC.
''But it's more than money that's at stake during this hearing,'' said Thomas Vinje, a partner at the law firm of Clifford Chance and a founder of the European committee for interoperable systems, a trade group supporting the commission in its fight with Microsoft.
Citigroup, shaken by leadership turmoil in its early days as America's largest financial services company, has sped up the integration of its banking units in a headlong effort to prove that commercial bankers and investment bankers can mix.
(A Microsoft spokeswoman said ClearType did differ from Free and Clear but offered no details.)
Representatives of U S West have been quietly polling the company's largest investors in the last week regarding a proposed three-way combination of Qwest, U S West and Frontier, said an investor.
And Microsoft has said it will soon use the Sender ID system.
Coca-Cola Co says second-quarter earnings increased 15 percent; net income rose to $1.29 billion compared with $1.12 billion year earlier; revenue increased 15 percent, to $5.37 billion from $4.65 billion; chief financial officer Gary P Fayard comments; Coca-Cola Enterprises says net income rose to $214 million compared with $104 million year ago (M)
A partnership with Facebook would help give Interpublic agencies and the advertisers working with them useful insights into the youth market, Mr. Krakowsky said.
But that business has come under increasing competitive pressure from Microsoft, which has bundled printing and file management capabilities, along with other features, into its Windows operating system for servers.
might compensate Interpublic for the loss of the media buying assignment by shifting the creative duties for a division to an Interpublic agency from a Publicis agency.
Compaq responded, she added, by agreeing to include Microsoft's software for the Internet.
Sales of Johnson & Johnson's Procrit, known as Eprex outside the United States, were $3.2 billion.
Both Gillette, based in Boston, and Procter, based in Cincinnati, have started down this road at least once before.
The Cigna plan, which is subject to approval by Pennsylvania's Insurance Department, would create one group of strong subsidiaries that would sell new policies and another group of weaker subsidiaries that would be responsible for paying environmental and asbestos claims, but would not sell new policies.
But Rupert Murdoch, who controls the News Corporation, said yesterday that he was open to negotiating with Viacom about the network's future on Chris-Craft stations.
Boeing and Airbus expect the number of twin-aisle jets in the 180- to 250-seat category in operation to double to about 4,000 planes in 2025.
The Vioxx fiasco contributed to the last month's departure of Merck's chief executive, Raymond V. Gilmartin, and the promotion of Richard T. Clark to succeed him.
Halliburton has given the workers 90 days, which ends later this month, to sign up for a much smaller payment than promised earlier, or forfeit their right to a lump sum forever.
Public relations specialists hired by General Electric in Europe have also been talking to journalists behind the scenes to promote the idea that the deal still has a chance, positioning its possible recovery.
Motorola, based in Schaumburg, Ill., released its results after stock trading had ended yesterday.
Indeed, the company even conducts simulated raids on managers' offices periodically, said Tim Jackson, author of ''Inside Intel,'' a book about the company to be published next month by Dutton.
Motorola's decision to sell Macintosh-compatible machines is defensive.
IBM appoints Harriet Pearson chief privacy officer; photo (S)
Just look at that old yin-yang pair, Apple and Microsoft.
Microsoft Is Putting Its Muscle Behind Web Programming Tools
During the quarter, Cisco, which is based in San Jose, Calif., completed the acquisitions of Aironet Wireless Communications and Pirelli Optical Systems for a combined total, including assumed liabilities, of about $2.85 billion.
General Motors Corp will team up with Russia's largest domestic carmaker, Avtovaz, to produce sport utility vehicles under Chevrolet brand name and will invest about $100 million to build new assembly line at Avtovaz's plant in Togliatti; Avtovaz has already designed vehicle, new version of Niva, which will sell for $8,000 to $9,000; photo (M)
As a result, Verizon's shares are just 19 percent higher than shares of AT&T, down from nearly 37 percent at the beginning of the year.
Boeing inherited the plane after it bought McDonnell Douglas in 1997.
Every day that Microsoft ships Windows with Internet Explorer, the company's potential liability increases.
Xerox's shares continued to fall in after-hours trading after closing at $20.0625, down 14 percent.
Article on DVD rentals-by-mail services available through Blockbuster and Netflix; drawing (M)
In addition to rival firms drawing up lists of top bankers and approaching them with offers, headhunters are sending 70-page books to Morgan Stanley competitors, with detailed organization charts, highlighting who the top traders and bankers are and even how much they are paid.
Eight former senior Morgan Stanley executives, emboldened by the departure of Mr. Perella, are promising to continue a fight to unseat Mr. Purcell.
He said that he had not yet considered finding an alternative broadband provider, but that AT&T had been sending him ads about its broadband service.
As for the campaign by the former Morgan Stanley executives, Mr. Purcell did not mince words.
''It doesn't look like Oracle is going to back off.
As part of the announcement, I.B.M., the leading corporate patron of Linux, said it was making a $50 million investment in Novell.
Mr. McKinnell said Pfizer would incur costs in administering and promoting its program.
Microsoft's stock took a beating last week after the government's intention to seek a breakup was reported.
European Commission investigates Italy and Germany for reportedly favoring Intel chips in bids for computers by government agencies (S)
Microsoft Corp makes final plea to Supreme Court to send its antitrust case to federal appeals court for 'onerous task' of reviewing record instead of hearing appeal directly; Justice Department has urged court to hear appeal directly (M)
That said, they are being run down by a real muscle car in Verizon.''
Motorola Warns Quarterly Profits Will Shrink
Even more relevant to the new Comcast than Bell Atlantic's size is the fact that Bell Atlantic plans to offer high-speed Internet access over normal phone lines in areas covering 7.5 million homes by the end of this year, a figure that Bell Atlantic plans to increase to more than 14 million by the end of next year.
Jesse Greene, Kodak's vice president for finance, said, ''This demonstrates our willingness to enter transactions that have strategic value and are sound.''
The Coca-Cola Company has brought back spots for Diet Coke that initially began appearing in early 1996.
Akamai's service speeds delivery of World Wide Web pages and streaming media by moving such digital content to servers spread around the globe, thus bypassing bottlenecks in the broad Internet.
To support the initiative, Procter is considerably expanding its ties with two agencies that work with the African-American market, assigning them many more brands in addition to those they already handle or have handled in the past.
Corning rose 13 cents, to $13.76.
As a result, Japanese companies and banks that once prided themselves on running huge, in-house networks have realized that they can import expertise and achieve savings by handing over the running of those operations to specialists like I.B.M.
Citigroup's stock rose $1.1875 a share yesterday, to $43.6875.
Sales at Intel have historically declined 5 percent between the fourth and first quarter.
A few weeks after it arrived, Ms. Venute asked Whirlpool to move the Valet to the bedroom.
A former Democratic New York attorney general, Robert Abrams, now with the law firm of Stroock & Stroock & Lavan, is representing H&R Block in this case.
The turnaround plan, which is being devised by Nicholas V. Scheele, newly appointed as Ford Motor's president and chief operating officer, has already been delayed several times and might not be fully assembled until January.
Microsoft did not reveal the adoption rate of its new Windows 2000 operating system, which is aimed at the corporate market, or its Windows ME program, intended for home users.
General Electric agrees to buy Vetco Gray oil and gas operations from Vetco International for $1.9 billion (S)
Sir Frank Lowe, longtime executive at Interpublic Group of Companies, will retire at end of year (S)
Yahoo was the first to reach out to agencies, hiring a group of people with significant experience dealing with Madison Avenue.
General Electric's GE Capital unit to buy Heller Financial for $5.3 billion in cash; Heller's stock price soars; Fuji Bank Ltd, which owns 45 percent of Heller's equity and controls 77 percent of its voting stock, agrees to tender all its shares (M)
General Motors is still negotiating intensely with the creditors of the bankrupt Daewoo Motor but knows nothing about a deadline for reaching an agreement by today, a spokesman for G.M said.
By waiting until next year to complete work on Copland, Apple would risk allowing Microsoft to erase the lead entirely, in effect ending the Cupertino, Calif., company as a significant force in the desktop computer market.
Home Video column; Amazon.com Advantage for Video is now offering independent filmmakers outlet for releases of their work; DVD release of Terry Gilliam film Brazil on three disks noted; photo (S)
Though the pricing is not yet set, Mr. Messman said the $50 million would give I.B.M.
Indeed, Home Depot is one of the few big successes that the Olympic jobs program can claim.
The company has about 1,200 workers, while Adobe, with annual sales of more than $1.7 billion, employs about 3,700.
Hewlett-Packard, Canon and other printer and copier companies continue to nip at Xerox's heels in the digital market.
Citigroup has agreed to buy Ecount, a privately held provider of prepaid cards, expanding its presence in the fastest-growing part of the payment industry, according to bank officials.
Boeing inherited the MD-11 last year when it bought the McDonnell Douglas Corporation for $16.3 billion.
In the quarter ended June 30, Xerox earned $86 million, on revenue of $3.92 billion; in the period last year, it earned $87 million, or 11 cents, on revenue of $3.95 billion.
Adweek reported this week that the Bank of America account might be shifted to two other Interpublic agencies in New York, Deutsch and Gotham.
While Apple was early to portable digital music, it would be distinctly late in entering the world of Internet-connected digital hand-helds.
Products and drugs handled by Cline, Davis include Ben-Gay, Plax and Unisom, all sold by Pfizer; Neumega, a platelet-cell generator from the Genetics Institute Inc. unit of the American Home Products Corporation, and Lipitor, a cholesterol-reducing agent developed by Parke-Davis that is being jointly marketed with Pfizer.
Staples, the giant office supply company, had sold part of Staples.com to Staples insiders and venture capitalists in 1999, the first step in a plan to spin off the Web business to the public.
Article profiles Federal Judge Paul V Gadola Jr, who will preside over General Motors suit to end strike by UAW that has crippled almost all North American operations; he is son of state judge who ordered eviction of striking workers who seized GM's factories in labor dispute 61 years ago (M)
Charles O Prince, chief executive of Citigroup, and senior Citigroup executives have detailed discussions about strategic options for asset management-business, including internal revamping, sale to another institution or, least likely possibility, a spinoff; discussions are continuing, and bankers and executives say no final decision has been reached (M)
People close to Honeywell say that its board blamed the weak euro and soaring oil prices, not Mr. Bonsignore, for Honeywell's performance.
The feature, ''American Mile Markers,'' can be found through Kodak's home page (www.kodak.com; click on ''previous features''), where it is listed along with photographic adventures like Shackleton's ''Endurance'' Antarctic voyage and the space program.
The totals in 2003 were already impressive: Lloyd S. Blankfein, the president and chief operating officer of Goldman Sachs made $20.1 million, of that only $600,000 was salary; and E. Stanley O'Neal, the chief executive of Merrill Lynch, received a bonus of $13.5 million and restricted stock worth $11.2 million on top of his $500,000 salary.
The two executives said Citigroup was already generating more business than Citibank and Salomon Smith Barney would have alone.
Blaming both external economic factors and its own business miscalculations, Apple projected that revenue for its first fiscal quarter, ending Dec. 30, would be around $1 billion.
Still, according to Mr. Marcus, the Nintendo 64 football games represent less than 5 percent of sales and 3 percent of profits for Electronic Arts, compared with one-third of both for Acclaim for this quarter.
Gap Inc. stunned investors yesterday evening by announcing after the stock market closed that sales in stores open at least a year, a well-watched industry measurement, would decline 14 percent in August.
Action Alley members, assuming Wal-Mart would be a target of criticism during the union gathering, arranged for Wal-Mart to hold its own news conference the day before.
In deodorants, Procter owns Old Spice and Gillette owns Right Guard; in oral health, Procter owns Crest toothpaste and Gillette owns Oral-B.
It is also a sign of how well Google, Yahoo's rival, has mastered those nuances.
''People are just beginning to re-engineer their business processes to take advantage of the Internet as a platform,'' said Scott Hebner, the director of marketing for I.B.M.
Those staggering sums stunned investors, who had been assured by Boeing for months that its production problems were under control.
Security analysts said the lesser role for Humana officials could mean less of the clash of cultures that has hampered many deals.
''Our turnaround plans are on track, our liquidity is strengthening and our cost-reduction efforts are paying off,'' Paul A. Allaire, Xerox's chairman, told analysts in a morning conference call.
United Healthcare said that the company's continuing operations remained profitable, with its commercial business remaining robust, but acknowledged that it could not afford to cover Medicare patients in some areas.
Still, Microsoft is not necessarily in the driver's seat, either, since it is far behind Sony in the game player market.
But she is one of the clearest- thinking minds at Yahoo.''
Bristol-Myers Squibb Co reassigns to roster agencies two accounts that had been handled by Intuition Group; Revitalique brand has been reassigned to Kaplan Thaler Group; billings estimated at $10 million to $15 million; Natural Instincts brand has been reassigned to Foote, Cone & Belding; billings estimated at $15 million (S)
Cisco changed the landscape of this industry.
Because the bill could limit tobacco marketing, Altria's competitors question how they will be able to woo new customers.
But before Ms. Grossman could preview the numbers for the jury, Morgan Stanley decided to settle.
The companies said dates for the start of the Juno service would depend on Time Warner's renegotiating its exclusive agreement with its Road Runner L.L.C., the only service provider currently available to Time Warner subscribers.
agreed to sell Honeywell's helicopter-engine business and take other steps to win regulatory approval in the United States.
Motorola Inc names Atlanta office of McCann-Erickson Worldwide to handle its worldwide consolidated advertising account (S)
One of the trickiest things for a news organization to do is cover itself.
Judicial inspections have begun by Ecuadorean authorities of sites that residents contend were polluted by Texaco Petroleum Co, subsidiary of ChevronTexaco; is latest wrinkle in 11-year battle over whether company should pay estimated $6 billion to clean up swath of Ecuadorean Amazon; suit was brought by 88 residents representing about 30,000 others, including 5,000 members of five Amazon indigenous peoples; plaintiffs contend drinking water is contaminated; ChevronTexaco denies accusation; suit centers on 11,000 acres around La Joya de las Sachas; map; photo (M)
Mr. Rubin had Citigroup bankers check with clients -- the company had relationships with energy traders like Enron that were profiting from the crisis -- before advising Mr. Davis.
Stepping into a virtual lion's den, the Oracle Corporation, took the case for its $9.4 billion hostile takeover of PeopleSoft directly to a group of PeopleSoft corporate customers yesterday, following the Justice Department's decision last week to sue Oracle to block the deal.
The most recent downgrade was announced after the stock market closed, and it coincided with Halliburton's report of increased earnings in the fourth quarter.
First Union and Bank of America have each been making an aggressive push to increase their share of the market for lending to highly leveraged companies.
Shares of the Digital Equipment Corporation rose yesterday, and at least two analysts raised their ratings on the stock after a report in The Wall Street Journal that Digital was considering dropping its lawsuit and giving the Alpha technology to the Intel Corporation in exchange for cash, product discounts and a long-term alliance.
Microsoft Will Pay Legal Costs If Technology Partners Are Sued
In the afternoon session, John G. Roberts Jr., arguing on behalf of the states in the case, encountered stiff resistance as he tried to defend that part of Judge Jackson's decision that found that Microsoft had violated Section 1 of the Sherman Act by tying its Internet Explorer browser to its Windows operating system.
''As they apply the same processes and ideas and disciplines to growing the Coca-Cola trademark around the world that they demonstrated they could apply here in the States, I think it's reasonable to expect some carbonated soft drink volume growth acceleration.''
When Mr. Olsen's group first heard of the Microsoft patent, they hotly threatened to press the Patent Office to re-examine it.
But he did say that it was the accumulation of evidence -- and not any single episode or document -- that persuaded him that Microsoft had gone too far.
Scott Appleby, an analyst at Robertson Stephens, said he considered American Express a possible buyer because it had shown interest in an another online brokerage, E*Trade Group.
But many of those attending expressed doubts about whether Microsoft was truly embracing the idea of competition.
The moves include the departure of Daniel L. Rosensweig, the chief operating officer since April 2003, and the resignation of Lloyd Braun, the former ABC executive who has run Yahoo's media group.
Inside the Hyatt Regency in Dearborn, Mich., Rick Wagoner, chief executive of General Motors, and other top G.M.
''What I.B.M.
Comcast would also assume $11.9 billion of Disney's debt.
No, it's Web-only advertising for American Express that reteams Superman with Jerry Seinfeld.
A second factor was that the makers of this software -- led by Oracle, which pushed the idea early on -- promised a new generation of programs run entirely over the Internet.
The decision to sell Maximum Golf comes at a time when the magazine industry is being blitzed with economic stink bombs from all angles, including depressed advertising, increased postal rates, rising paper costs and sinking newsstand sales.
It answers to the market, which is why it has been so frenziedly redesigning itself in response to the success of the Internet -- a development Microsoft neither predicted nor created.
It was the time fen-phen, American Home's diet-drug combination, was first implicated in heart problems, and Dr. McKinnell thought Warner-Lambert shareholders would be more likely to vote in favor of Pfizer if they were constantly reminded that the Pfizer stock they would receive for their Warner-Lambert shares was more likely to keep rising.
''They're responsible for people taking that medication and putting it in their bodies,'' Timothy Kile, the jury foreman, said of Merck, the nation's third-largest drug company.
Citigroup also pledged to increase employee training on Japanese banking laws and regulations and to set up an independent committee to monitor the bank's progress in improving its operations.
I.B.M.
And, of course, I.B.M.
Corning's problem is that there is no sign when its business will revive.
To hear executives at Web sites like Yahoo tell it, big traditional advertisers have not filled the ad void left by failed and struggling dot-coms.
Apple's stock price fell to $13.50 a share in after-hours trading, down from a close for the day of $17.
Couldn't Southwest Airlines' flight attendants see that he was unable to breathe and that somebody needed to step in there and say, get off this guy, let him breathe, he's turning blue?''
''Morgan Stanley thinks it is really going to be a game of segmenting the market going forward,'' said Steve Galbraith, an analyst with Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, who said he had heard an outline of the planned overhaul.
There was no way to know yesterday whether Interpublic's audit committee had found evidence of an accounting problem or whether it was simply being cautious because of concern about shareholder lawsuits and S.E.C.
After several minutes of having his photo taken in an orange Home Depot apron during a store tour here, Mr. Blank became a bit impatient.
Mr. Plaza of Morningstar said Aetna was ''a little late'' in raising premiums because a three-year ''underwriting cycle'' in insurance pricing was likely to change direction.
Both companies reported financial results yesterday, Comcast showed $18.3 billion in annual revenue, while Disney's revenue in calendar 2003 was $28.4 billion, more than 50 percent higher than Comcast's.
And he compared French President Jacques Chirac's opposition to a missile defense shield, a project in which Boeing is a major contractor, to British Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain's assurances in the late 1930's that Nazi Germany was not a threat.
Microsoft paid a reported $40 million over two years for the baseball rights.
With an iMac to go, Apple's chief executive, Steve Jobs, said yesterday at the Macworld trade show in New York City.
Correction: report in Company News column of October 14 Business Day referred imprecisely to agreement between Agilent Technologies and the CIT Group, under which Agilent is selling CIT some assets
Although Mr. Ballmer was generally bullish on the company's new push into the very highest part of the computer business, he acknowledged today that there remained some industry sectors where Microsoft would have a tough time displacing its entrenched Unix competitors like Sun and Oracle.
It also includes the testimony of 46 Microsoft customers, saying that in their experience Windows works fine with the server software of other companies.
Ann Hayden, who has been the executive creative director for the last five years at the New York office of Young & Rubicam, part of the Young & Rubicam Brands division of the WPP Group, is leaving to join Saatchi New York as the worldwide creative director for the General Mills account.
The rising demand for açaí is good news for both Sambazon, which has been in business four years and hopes to turn its first profit this year, and the families along the Amazon who depend on the palm berry for their livelihood.
Pfizer, whose chief executive is Henry A. McKinnell Jr., has strongly defended Celebrex's safety, calling the drug an important alternative for arthritis patients.
Mark Weber, a Kodak vice president of office imaging, said three other distributors had signed on to sell the Digisource, and a fourth was close.
Mr. Cook said Pfizer tried to determine whether Web sites or other ads violate its trademarks and often notified government authorities about anything that appeared illegal.
''It seems by their own admission that they don't feel any of the prior art that was submitted invalidated all the claims of the patent,'' said Patty Smith, Amazon's director of corporate communications.
In addition, every week that passes without an offering brings Freescale closer to the time when its biggest customer, Motorola, will no longer be obligated to buy its wireless handset processors.
Pfizer's merger with Warner-Lambert in 2000 gave it consolidated control of Lipitor, Warner-Lambert's blockbuster cholesterol-lowering drug, which the two companies had been marketing together.
In addition to the job cuts, Mr. Peck said Intel would make a number of strategic moves that would have been unthinkable only a year ago, including separating its product line into a clearly delineated low end and high end, advertising heavily and, above all, lowering prices.
The memorandum notes that open software presents a threat to Microsoft because of its ability to mobilize thousands of programmers.
Analysts said that should help the performance of Citigroup's consumer business, which had a 17 percent increase in profits.
Some advertising agencies have developed for free advertising spots as part of campaign to encourage consumers in New York City metropolitan area to visit small businesses south of Chambers Street in Manhattan that have reported sharp drop in number of customers since terrorist attacks on Sept 11; TV spots, in addition to radio and print ads, were created by Kirshenbaum Bond & Partners for Alliance for Downtown New York; contributions by other agencies noted (M)
He then wondered aloud why the government plan gave Microsoft the responsibility to determine how the company should be divided.
Concern that News Corporation will not pay a premium for Hughes pushed down the Class H shares of General Motors $2.96, or 13.6 percent, to $24.75, little more than half its 52-week high of $47 on March 23.
Raj Reddy, pioneering researcher in artificial intelligence and professor at Carnegie Mellon University, plans $250 wirelessly networked personal computer intended for four billion people around the world who live on less than $2,000 a year; says device, called PCtvt, can find market in developing countries, particularly those with large populations of people who cannot read, because it can be controlled by simple TV remote control and can function as television, telephone, videophone and DVD player; has enlisted TriGem, Korean computer maker, to supply prototypes of fully equipped computer and Microsoft to support project with inexpensive, stripped-down version of its Windows operating system; photo (M)
While EADS has cast its political fortunes with the Southeast, Mr. Barksdale said that Boeing is casting a wider political net, pointing out how many jobs throughout the country would be created if Boeing prevailed.
An I.B.M.
The winning spot, created by TBWA Chiat/Day in Venice, Calif., part of Omnicom Group, introduced the Apple ''Think different'' campaign saluting ''the crazy ones'' like Einstein, Gandhi and Picasso.
People close to the negotiations said that the News Corporation is seeking at least $400 million for the team and Dodger Stadium.
While encouraged by Motorola's performance, industry analysts are starting to question how long the streak will last.
a giant player in a highly fragmented service sector that is growing in part because so many financially troubled companies have been laying off their own design engineers, according to analysts whom I.B.M.
''I.B.M.
Capturing its share of the software business as it migrates to the Web is crucial to I.B.M.
For years, Silicon Valley hungered for a company mighty enough to best Microsoft.
He listed telemarketing, billing and software development as services that AT&T buys from E.D.S.
The Xerox Corporation is not satisfied with just being the world's biggest seller of new copiers.
Technology Briefing
The final structure of the apparel store is still in flux, but retail executives who spoke on condition of anonymity -- because they did not want to alienate a potential retail partner as powerful as Amazon -- said the company had been actively seeking partners who would sell their goods through Amazon's site in a sort of online mall.
Better Business Bureau decides to reinstate Priceline.com as member in good standing; cited Priceline in September for failing to fully disclose terms of its travel offers and for customer service problems; photo (S)
Mr. Chenault predicted that consumers would be carrying the cards, which will bear the American Express logo, this year.
The Carnival Corporation, whose ships already control about 40 percent of the world cruise industry, made a $1.7 billion cash takeover offer yesterday for NCL Holding, the Oslo-based corporate parent of Norwegian Cruise Line.
Merck fell 62 cents, to $79.53, and Johnson & Johnson dropped 67 cents, to $98.48.
Aetna had angered doctors by forcing them to choose between accepting low-paying, tightly controlled H.M.O.
Army plans to give University of Southern California $45 million over next five years for research center to develop advanced military training simulations; center will enlist film students and video game designers for effort, with promise that any technological advances can also be applied to video games and theme park rides; film and game companies that take part in new research will be expected to contribute financing (M)
The dismissed agents, Allstate said, could continue with the company as independent agents, doing essentially the same work.
WHILE much of America spent its summer vacation lying on the beach or relaxing on a mountaintop, some key shareholders of Coca-Cola Enterprises spent theirs in a flurry of trading on the stock exchange.
Two Interpublic media agencies -- General Motors Mediaworks, which recently moved to Detroit from Troy, Mich., and LCI, in New York -- have handled the media buying since 1993.
That's when I realized that bidding willy-nilly in auctions may not be the best way for a disorganized person like me to buy merchandise on eBay.
Amanda Hesser reports on her shopping experiences at big-box discount markets Costco and Stew Leonard's to get ingredients for her dinner party; tables compare prices at Fairway market in Manhattan, Costco in Yonkers, Stew Leonard's in Yonkers, Sam's Club in Mount Olive, NJ, and Key Food on Montague Street, Brooklyn; recipes; photos (L)
Making matters worse, Motorola is also confronted with some challenges beyond its control.
Mr. Ballmer was among the top executives who warned analysts here that Microsoft's earnings growth would continue to slow as the company stepped up its investments in sales and marketing and research and development.
Citigroup still lags behind Bank of America in this area, and would rank behind the combined J.P. Morgan and Bank One, in banking deposits, according to SNL Financial, a research firm.
Instead of a telephone call, the trigger was the sending of a packet or two of information over the Internet, along the lines of ''attack Yahoo today from 2 p.m. to 4 p.m.''
's books on other Intel inquiries.
''I can remember the time when Yahoo was the coolest company, but for me and a lot of people my age, that is how people feel about Google,'' Mr. Zuckerberg said in an interview earlier this month.
When customers make purchases on Amazon.com from another merchant, Amazon.com sends the order to the merchant, which then ships the items.
In early 2003, Time Warner sought to sell its book division to reduce its debt.
For instance, the companies may decide that AT&T's stake in Time Warner Entertainment is worth $8 billion.
In a rare move, a trade group representing British pharmaceutical companies has publicly reprimanded Pfizer, saying it promoted several medicines for unapproved uses and marketed another drug before it received government approval.
That offers cold comfort to Kodak.
Even when viewed independently, these two prongs of Microsoft's campaign threatened to ''forestall the corrective forces of competition'' and thereby perpetuate Microsoft's monopoly power in the relevant market.
''The arrangement works for Comcast because they find a tax-efficient way to unwind 4 percent of their interest in Time Warner Cable,'' said Craig Moffett, an analyst who follows Comcast for Sanford C. Bernstein & Company.
By the third quarter of this year, Intel intends to have its first data center with more than 2,000 Intel-based PC servers running, catering to customers including Excite, the Web directory service.
The USA cable network abruptly canceled production of a television movie that was to be based on two 1986 deaths caused by Excedrin laced with cyanide after the network received complaints from Johnson & Johnson.
I.B.M.
President Bush entered the argument last Friday, telling reporters in Texas, ''We believe that the subsidies for Airbus are unfair to U.S. companies such as Boeing.''
New York State Judge Ira Gammerman, in dimissing three class action lawsuits against Intuit Inc, says on-line banking functions in some versions of company's Quicken personal finance software may stumble when Year 2000 arrives, but that it no basis for suing Intuit now; Gammerman's ruling that software companies cannot be sued for Year 2000 problems before actual damage has occurred echoes conclusions reached in August by Santa Clara County judge in California in first such suit against Intuit (S)
But Xerox knows it needs even more to bolster sales.
Viacom Inc's chairman Sumner M Redstone is expected to announce that his company will put most of Simon & Schuster, $2 billion publishing operation, up for sale; Simon & Schuster's educational publishing businesses will most likely be put on the block; but Viacom is expected to hold onto trade imprint; Morgan Stanley, Dean Witter, Discover & Co is expected to be hired to handle sale, which analysts say could fetch $4 billion to $4.5 billion (L)
Analysis: While Ford Motor Co recently acknowledged that sport utility vehicles can be hazardous to other motorists, law professors and plaintiff lawyers say it remains difficult to win lawsuits based on damages that sport utilities inflict in crashes; trial lawyers and automakers say that they are aware of only one lawsuit so far in which a car occupant has sued manufacturer of sport utility that hit her; that case, against Land Rover, was summarily dismissed in January by Superior Court judge in Los Angeles who concluded that automaker had no legal duty to consider what would happen to other vehicles and motorists struck by its products (M)
''This is kind of like a one-two punch for Raytheon,'' said Loren Thompson, military analyst at the Lexington Institute in Arlington, Va. ''Back in October, most of the problems were in the defense area.
Ericcson, the Swedish telecommunications giant, said its bid was lower than AT&T's, but refused to disclose details.
The acquisition of Ascential will fill a hole in I.B.M.
Nobody brags about going to McDonald's, that's for sure.''
Wall Street analysts said that while both figures were good signs, they were not overly impressed, saying that because long distance and Internet access were relatively new businesses for Verizon, growth was to be expected.
Researchers at IBM laboratories in Zurich, reporting in journal IEEE Transactions on Nanotechnology, say they have created technology that can store equivalent of 200 CD-ROMS on surface the size of postage stamp; new technology is based on old concept--computer punch cards; diagrams (M)
Ford Motor Co posts modest profit in fourth quarter, as gains at its financing unit offset losses in its automotive division; net income was $104 million compared with loss of $793 million year earlier; revenue dropped to $44.7 billion, from $45.9 billion year ago; earnings were $495 million in 2003; revenue rose 4 percent, to $170.8 billion; photo (M)
Like any software maker, Adobe's sales increase with the release of new programs.
In an effort to provide evidence of Microsoft's already growing role in the large corporate market, Oracle on Tuesday released documents showing that in 2002-3, the company competed directly against Microsoft in 94 deals.
A year before, Morgan Stanley advised on announced deals worth more than 10 times as much, $395 billion, and ranked third.
The legislative session had been scheduled to end tomorrow, but Congress is likely to work past that deadline, giving Boeing and the Pentagon several weeks to marshal resources and political backing.
Mr. House, 53, played a major role in the significant growth at Intel as general manager of the microcomputer components group from 1978 to 1991.
Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is set to lease its World Trade Center, New York City, once derided as example of government excess, to Vornado Realty Trust in deal valued at $3.25 billion, largest real estate deal ever involving single office complex; continues talks with other bidders because deal has not been finalized; photo (M)
Internet searching was at the forefront of the technologies that Microsoft displayed on Tuesday at an event intended to showcase the company's research prowess.
Microsoft said it would be impossible to test so many versions, and even if it could, that it would cause confusion in the marketplace.
Steven P Jobs has registered to sell all but one of the 1.5 million Apple Computer shares he acquired when he agreed to sell Next Software to Apple for $400 million; Apple aide calls move follow-up step in connection with merger (S)
According to Cisco officials, however, the MMDS system is more effective in crowded urban areas and is more easily available to everyday consumers and the mass market.
But Motorola said then that it expected to finish close to the 23-cents-a- share profit it earned in the first quarter, so today's projection of a loss was a shock.
Two months ago, E.ON shocked Southern by announcing that it would sell its controlling stake in the Berlin utility to Hamburg's main power company, which is partly controlled by Vattenfall.
Judge Murphy also faulted the way I.B.M.
For one, it deleted a provision prohibiting Microsoft from making special marketing deals with computer makers -- the provision Mr. Capellas of Compaq also opposed.
In any given month, Comcast subscribers will be able to choose from 325 of those movies, including 75 from Starz and 250 from Encore.
It will phase in the system in the United States, using its own ads on some pages and ads sold by Yahoo on others, starting in October, said Joseph Doran, MSN's senior director of monetization.
He became a Microsoft executive after the software company acquired Dynamical Systems Research, a software company he had founded with his brother, Cameron Myhrvold, who also became a Microsoft executive.
Apple reported net profit, excluding investment gains, of $108 million, or 30 cents a share, missing analysts' revised estimates by a penny.
Richard D. Parsons, the chairman and chief executive of AOL Time Warner, is chairman of the personnel and compensation committee of Citigroup's board.
Look at Comcast, which completed its merger with AT&T Broadband in November.
He was referring to the Linux operating system, which many Microsoft denigrators hope can be a viable alternative to Windows.
I.B.M.
The combined company, which will be called Staples the Office Depot, will have more than 1,100 superstore locations in 46 states and 10 foreign countries, and combined revenue of roughly $10 billion.
Because Lowe works for a Bank of America competitor, HSBC, the Bank of America assignment ''will be moving to another IPG agency,'' Mr. Bernardin wrote, referring to Interpublic by its stock-ticker symbol, as so many employees still do.
In his much anticipated new book, ''I.B.M.
But success, money and monopoly, it seems, do not put even so familiar a name as Microsoft Windows beyond challenge.
The investigation, by the Food and Drug Administration and the Justice Department, is tied to a whistle-blower lawsuit filed against Johnson & Johnson by Hector Arce, a former employee at the factory.
During that period, KPMG issued audit reports stating that Xerox's accounting was consistent with accounting rules and that its books were a fair representation of the company's financial condition.
The government faced a difficult choice: Sue to force Microsoft, the dominant company with the industry-standard operating system, to alter offending features of its product and risk unsettling a major industry, or stand aside, let the product be shipped and risk allowing a monopolist to march ahead unfettered?
Amazon.com says net income fell in first quarter despite 24 percent rise in revenue; profit fell to $78 million from $111 million year earlier; revenue rose 24 percent, to $1.90 billion, from $1.53 billion in first quarter last year; chief executive Jeff Bezos comments (M)
Kellogg has not decided how long the campaign will run, Mr. Wilson said, adding: ''If it works as we expect it to, it will be for a long time.
Gypsy groups said they would sue I.B.M., asserting that its tabulating machines helped Nazi Germany track and identify people killed during the Holocaust.
Yesterday, both the Dow and the S.& P. 500 were led lower by a nontechnology giant, General Electric, which fell almost 10 percent.
Apple Computer Inc.'s shares were hammered today, falling nearly 18 percent following the company's disclosure on Friday that it would report a loss of $100 million to $150 million in what is typically its strongest quarter.
In having to cut its staff, he added, Texas Instruments is no different from other chip makers.
The most important step General Motors can take is ''to reverse-engineer its marketing strategy,'' said Joseph Jaffe, president of Jaffe, a new-marketing consulting company in Westport, Conn., ''from a top-down approach to a bottom-up approach.''
The quick decision to buy Boeing planes and the suspension of talks with Airbus suggested that the breach between Turkey and Europe will have economic as well as political consequences.
''The market is not big enough now to just develop for Apple any more.''
And Kodak said its costs fell by nearly 6 percent compared with the fourth quarter of 1996, an indication that the painful cuts intended to make it more competitive with its biggest rival, Fuji Photo Film of Japan, are beginning to take effect.
Mr. Maher will act as host for 12 shows for Amazon during the period when his HBO program, ''Real Time With Bill Maher,'' is on hiatus.
''We won't be able to build a part that meets our requirements for quality,'' said Chuck Molloy, a spokesman for Intel, which is based in Santa Clara, Calif.
Negotiators from United Automobile Workers union and General Motors Corp hold marathon talks aimed at settling third big strike this year against GM; they have still not reached compromise that would address UAW's demand for greater job security and GM's insistence on lower labor costs; meanwhile, effects of latest strike continue to widen; GM notifies 4,000 workers at assembly plant in Moraine, Ohio, of temporary layoff because of lack of parts; ripple of local strikes is part of UAW's strategy to put more pressure on GM (M)
He also said that Google hoped that Yahoo would consider offering services based on Google's news search technology.
Then, in November, the Justice Department and several other states agreed to a settlement with Microsoft.
Because automakers use a system that is known as just in time, which reduces costs by keeping excess supply to a minimum, a cutoff from a major supplier could slow or stop production of many of the General Motors brands, which include Chevrolet, Pontiac, Buick, Saturn and Cadillac.
''No one in Seattle, or me, or anyone else wants a bad movie,'' said Peter Schlessel, a former Columbia Pictures studio executive who was hired by Microsoft to help manage the project and served as intermediary among the studios, the agents and Microsoft.
Oracle executives referred to Mr. Duffield's stock sales in a conference call with PeopleSoft investors on Monday.
Many suggest that Mr. Fisher, who will retire as chairman this year, could not move the entrenched Kodak culture to accept change.
Microsoft Corp president Steven A Ballmer says Redmond, Wash, company will set up satellite Silicon Valley headquarters, Mountain View, Calif; move seen aimed at raising company's profile in area, where it already has 800 workers; photo (M)
The auction giant eBay said it would begin selling radio airtime to advertisers starting Wednesday, expanding into a business that Google entered last year
Microsoft will throw big 25th anniversary party in Washington, DC; corporation will entertain local friends and supporters (M)
Several of Merck's drugs will lose their patent protection in the next few years, leaving the company vulnerable to eroding revenues as generic alternatives become available.
In response, last month Mr. Semel fired Yahoo's chief operating officer, Daniel L. Rosensweig, and reorganized the company's management, placing responsibility for advertising sales and some other business under Susan L. Decker, formerly the company's chief financial officer.
Speaking at the same Goldman Sachs conference a few hours later, Peter Chernin, president and chief operating officer of the News Corporation, flatly contradicted Mr. Robbins.
''His challenge is to grow worldwide volume 7 to 8 percent,'' Andrew J. Conway, a securities analyst for Morgan Stanley, Dean Witter, Discover & Company, adding, ''He'll also need to develop marketing programs that connect with global consumers worldwide, and insure that the Coca-Cola icon becomes more valuable in the eyes of consumers.''
Crew -- now under the guidance of Millard Drexler, the former Gap chief executive -- says it is returning to a tradition of preppy, quality goods that in recent years has been diluted.
In July, Richard Bilotti, an analyst at Morgan Stanley, lowered his 2005 earnings forecast for the company to $1.15 a share from $1.19, citing weaker DVD sales for movies as a result of the recent poor showing in the film division, including ''The Alamo'' and ''Home on the Range.''
Priceline's WebHouse Club Abandoned as Investors Balk
Finally, Microsoft impelled ISV's, which are dependent upon Microsoft for technical information and certifications relating to Windows, to use and distribute Microsoft's version of the Windows JVM rather than any Sun-compliant version.
As part of the Adelphia deal, Time Warner would give creditors a 16 percent stake in Time Warner Cable, which could then be publicly traded.
A Microsoft spokesman, Mark Murray, said, ''We can't speculate on what the government is or isn't thinking.
Microsoft stunned analysts last quarter when it announced that it would spend an unanticipated $2 billion next year, much of it in an effort to catch up with Google.
Some at Microsoft hoped it would simply invest in AOL, but keep its MSN unit intact.
But he added that Wal-Mart was ''clearly focused on what it can do to look better without it costing them a lot more money.''
In its filing, Microsoft is trying to persuade the court that the appeal will involve a thicket of technical issues, procedural challenges and disputed facts.
Sarah Clark, a spokeswoman for Wal-Mart, said the program was a ''a more formalized, contemporary approach'' to communicating with and collecting feedback from its fast-growing work force.
The Anheuser-Busch Companies in St. Louis joins the three marketers that agreed to take part when the campaign began in October: Coca-Cola, Energizer and Sunkist.
Jim Bright, a Ford Motor spokesman in Detroit, said that Paul Drenkow, a senior Ford manager in the Asia-Pacific region, would lead a group meeting in early January with Daewoo Motor's main creditor, Korea Development Bank.
The bond-rating agency Fitch raised its rating yesterday on Motorola's debt to A- from BBB+, citing the company's stronger cash flow and debt reduction.
He will continue to run Citigroup's consumer group, as well as oversee the company's financial and human resource functions, the company said.
Activision and THQ said the requests from the securities officials should not be ''construed as an indication from the S.E.C.
''Advertising is going to be a very important long-term source of revenue to Microsoft,'' Mr. Ballmer said.
It would also have to share more Windows code to allow rival makers of server software to compete with Microsoft more fairly, according to people close to the case.
The Fox News Channel, the highest-rated cable news network in the country, arrives this week at the Republican National Convention with an opportunity to serve up ample red meat for its core constituency.
One thing that newspapers owned by Mr. Murdoch are not renowned for is critical coverage of their owner (although that is hardly unusual among media barons).
Antitrust prosecutors, in papers filed in United States District Court here, asked that hearings to determine how to penalize Microsoft begin in February, more than three months after the introduction of the operating system, Windows XP.
To Joseph P. Suarez, senior counsel for Procter & Gamble, the Fifth Circuit's decision was a major victory.
The Securities and Exchange Commission and the Justice Department are investigating I.B.M.
At Merck, executives attributed much of the growth to five drugs: Vioxx, Zocor, Cozaar, Fosamax and Singulair.
It returns the case to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, which in the past has shown a greater receptivity to Microsoft's defenses than has the trial judge.
Mr. Maffei, recalled one person who attended the meeting, stood up and delivered a brief lecture on businesses that Microsoft was likely to avoid.
''The inescapable conclusion is that the very apex of Boeing's management structure was privy to and willing to exploit the bribery scheme between Boeing and Druyun'' in connection with the rocket launchings, Lockheed said in papers filed in Federal District Court in Orlando.
Other white-bread names -- the Campbell Soup Company, Nestle S.A., Pepsico Inc. and Kraft Foods Inc. -- have also recently become strong players in Mexican-style food, buying up some of the small, entrepreneurial companies that were pioneers in the field and shouldering past the rest.
The United States settlement also required that Microsoft share some technical information, but the European order requires that more information be shared.
documents obtained through Freedom of Information requests showed that it began questioning Merck's method of accounting for Medco's revenue as long as three years ago.
He offered to divest $2.2 billion worth of annual sales from Honeywell's avionics business and to make accounting and other management changes to its aviation financing business, GE Capital Aviation Services, or Gecas.
The reason this kind of breakup was ''an attractive alternative,'' the executive said, was that it would alter Microsoft's current relations with the software industry.
While with ZDNet, Mr. Rosensweig developed a relationship with Yahoo, because ZDnet's owner, Ziff Davis, was controlled by Softbank, a Japanese conglomerate that has been a major holder in Yahoo.
PNC Bank said that the latest third-quarter earnings included after-tax securities gains of $47 million, compared with $12 million in the year-earlier period.
But some on Wall Street -- along with Interpublic clients, employees and even competitors -- are wondering if anyone can reverse the flagging fortunes of the company as it endures difficulties that range from a federal investigation of its accounting procedures to mounting losses at a sports-marketing division.
After straying from its casual roots, and alienating loyal customers along the way, Gap is trying to reclaim the four clothing areas it once dominated: denim, T-shirts, hooded sweaters and basic pants.
Citigroup said revenue rose 15 percent, to $22.3 billion in the quarter.
Partnership of American, Canadian and European nuclear companies that is seeking to build first new uranium enrichment plant in US in 50 years, says it has selected Hartsville, Tenn, as site for $1.1 billion project; partnership hopes to apply to Nuclear Regulatory Commission for license by end of year; consortium, Louisiana Energy Services, is made up of Urenco, European enrichment company, Cameco, Canadian uranium company, and three major nuclear power plant operators in US: Exelon, Duke Energy and Entergy (S)
Supported by figures like those, Elizabeth Grossman, who was the commission's lead trial lawyer in the Morgan Stanley case, was comfortable predicting that more complaints of sexual and racial discrimination on Wall Street will surface now that Morgan Stanley has agreed to pay $54 million to settle the commission's suit.
But others said the results spoke more directly to the strength of Yahoo's business.
''He was very instrumental in turning the company around,'' said Jim Baumgartner, who owns seven McDonald's franchises in Jefferson City, Mo.
Now, however, Interscope's pact with Hasbro provides a glimpse of how the label aims to stretch into new business lines.
And I.B.M., once the feared monopolist of the era of mainframe computers, is casting itself as a force of liberation from Microsoft, the monopolist of today.
A potential competitor could go out and buy the same technology that Intel uses and still fail miserably in trying to compete with it.
The collaboration will be managed by a joint steering committee composed of three members of Microsoft Research and three from M.I.T.
Even so, Oracle's message today was anything but conciliatory.
One of the documents released today by Mr. Tauzin was a letter from Ford to Goodyear dated Jan. 26, 1996, turning down a request for higher prices.
The issue came to national attention in November when Edward E. Whitacre Jr., the blunt-speaking leader of AT&T, complained in an interview in Business Week Online about the current state of affairs.
Some he offered were two years old; they showed auto dealers and others congratulating state attorneys general for filing suit against Microsoft.
Like the Humana suit, the latest court actions accuse the insurers -- Aetna, Cigna, Foundation Health Systems, Pacificare Health Systems, Prudential Health Care and United Healthcare -- of failing to disclose to plan members that they offered rewards to doctors and other employees who denied payments for care and who limited hospital admissions.
''Air Force leadership is very concerned with the revelation that Ms. Druyun and the chief financial officer are being dismissed from Boeing for cause.''
Among the companies represented in the Angola mission were large energy concerns like Exxon Mobil, ChevronTexaco and Devon Energy.
In the wake of the Mellon Bank Corporation's agreement to acquire the Dreyfus Corporation last week, banks across the country are taking a hard look at what mutual fund companies they might buy.
The company said options expenses might be lower in 2005, but most analysts lowered their I.B.M.
In April 1999, four black employees filed a lawsuit complaining that Coke had treated them unfairly in pay, promotions and performance evaluations.
The talks between Organic and BBDO, which share clients like British Telecommunications, DaimlerChrysler and General Electric, were disclosed as Organic announced its second round of layoffs in three months.
Motorola Inc confirms it will acquire General Instrument Corp, leading maker of cable set-top boxes, in stock deal valued at nearly $11 billion; move will make Motorola key supplier of cable television equipment and allow company to develop what it calls 'home hub' of products to offer broadband cable and Internet access to homes; General Instruments chairman Edward Breen will head new unit of Motorola; Motorola's chairman Christopher B Galvin comments; photo (M)
''Our commercial is a page right out of that genre, and it's definitely by design,'' said Tim Fuhriman, assistant brand manager for the new Swiffer brand of household cleaner marketed by Procter, based in Cincinnati.
While the new Morgan Stanley would retain its blue-chip trading and investment banking capacities, it would forgo its institutional asset management business -- a profitable component before the merger.
A major obstacle overseas for Wal-Mart has been building a big enough network of stores to compete with local chains and to secure low prices from suppliers.
AT&T said the more than 200,000 requests for Worldnet software to date had exceeded the company's expectations fourfold.
After a flurry of deal making over the last few days, Google and Yahoo, two giants of the online advertising business, are set to encroach on each other's turf even more aggressively than before.
Separately, Johnson & Johnson reported yesterday that its third-quarter earnings reached $2.6 billion, or 87 cents a share, compared with $2.3 billion, or 78 cents a share, in the period last year.
Built from dozens of acquisitions, ConAgra owned a dizzying variety of familiar names -- Slim Jim, Hunt's, Reddi-wip and Manwich, among others -- but it was not dishing up new products.
For example, Netflix points to ''Talk to Her,'' a critically acclaimed independent film by Spanish director Pedro Almodovar, which Netflix users gave rave reviews.
Microsoft announces that people who use its operating system software must patch their computers, or their PC's will be vulnerable to attacks that could cede control to hackers; calls software flaw 'critical' vulnerability, its highest rating; flaw affects fundamental building block of network operating systems known as Abstract Syntax Notation One, and helps govern how machines communicate with one another and how they establish secure communications (M)
"AT&T's long-distance revenue growth and margins were at record levels."
It is the eighth consecutive quarter of lower profits at Morgan Stanley, which has struggled along with the rest of Wall Street through an extremely rough period.
Merck said it first learned last week that a three-year study involving 2,600 patients had found that after 18 months, those taking Vioxx daily had twice the risk of heart attacks or strokes -- 15 per thousand -- compared with patients who were taking a placebo.
Apple Computer's iTunes, Web's leading downloadable music outlet, sold 1995 release by Ciccone Youth that consists of 63 seconds of silence; mention of track on gossip Web site spurred flood of e-mails about other silent tracks; Apple has stopped selling track as single; photo (M)
Wieden & Kennedy in Portland, Ore., said yesterday that it would dissolve an alliance with McCann-Erickson Worldwide Advertising on its shared Nike Inc. account in Japan and open its own office there.
I.B.M.
Yesterday, Advanced Micro shares fell $4.13, to $15.75, anyway, possibly because of investors selling on the news, possibly because of the perennial worry that the company will not be able to keep up with Intel in the next product cycle.
Intel is the leading maker of computer processing chips.
The largest will keep the AT&T name and its core long-distance network operation.
Mr. Kovacic said Mr. Gore's stance in favor of Boeing's monopoly, and in favor of the American company's pre-eminence in the aircraft sector, stood in contrast to the administration's opposition in the case of Microsoft.
But Mr. Greenfield quarrels with Mr. Icahn's plans, saying that while he supports change, ''just not as far as Icahn, his investor group, Lazard and Frank Biondi are trying to push Time Warner.''
I.B.M.
Ms. Sengstacke recently dismissed Northern Trust and is embarking on the delicate task of finding a successor trustee and investors willing to step into the middle of a classic family business problem.
Marsh agreed in its settlement to forgo the payments permanently, and investigators said that condition has been one of the fundamental provisions of the Aon settlement from the beginning.
Auto sales have slowed since beginning of month, prompting carmakers to increase their already deep discounts and to consider additional temporary closings of factories; General Motors and Chrysler unit of DaimlerChrysler are closing some factories for week at time; Ford Motor has avoided closing factories so far, but its officials warn that entire industry is slowing; even foreign automakers are seeing some weakness in sales and have been offering many discounts; scale of industry's slowdown will not be clear until Dec 1, when many automakers will announce their sales for November (M)
Coca-Cola, IBM and Citigroup, sponsors of Masters Golf Tournament, argue that they sponsor event, not Augusta National Golf Club, in effort to avoid controversy surrounding National Council of Women's Organizations attempts to pressure club to allow women members (M)
Netflix provides postage-paid envelopes for returning the films.
''The radio division at CBS is in a shambles,'' Mr. Stern said.
I.B.M.
It did not help the labor negotiations that the NorthPoint deal could be seen as a provocative affront to Verizon's unions, which have been trying to organize the company's Internet operation.
American Airlines lost $387 million in fourth quarter up from $111 million lost year earlier; carrier lost $761 million for all of 2004, down from its loss of $1.2 billion in 2003; Northwest Airlines lost $420 million in quarter compared with profit of $363 million year ago; airline's loss widened to $878 million in 2004, from profit of $236 million in 2003; Southwest Airlines earned $56 million in quarter, down from $66 million year earlier; carrier earned $313 million for 2004, down from $442 million in 2004 (M)
Microsoft filed the reply in the United States Court of Appeals here this afternoon, five days ahead of its deadline.
Ashok Kumar, an analyst who covers the semiconductor industry for U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray, said Intel's revenue would grow only 2 percent from the period in 1999 if this quarter's revenue was flat compared with the third quarter.
He has the courtroom for him to do all the legitimate things he needs to do to Microsoft or the government or any other litigant.
I.B.M.
Republican National Convention cost over $154 million to stage, with New York City Host Committee raising $84 million, making it most expensive such event in nation's history; committee files report with Federal Election Commission covering fund-raising and expenses over two-year period; it documents unprecedented success at having corporations and wealthy political partisans help pay for event; top donors to convention included Mayor Michael R Bloomberg, who was largest single giver, donating $5 million in cash and also paying for $2 million in legal and accounting services; other donors were David Rockefeller, who contributed $5 million, and IBM, which provided $2.45 million in computer equipment and services; photos (M)
Marsh & McLennan Is Maintaining a Policy of Silence
It will first appear later this year in Microsoft Reader, software designed for rendering text on handheld devices like electronic books and palmtops and on PC's with L.C.D.
I.B.M.
The Kellogg Company, seeking to break out of a prolonged slump, said yesterday that it might close part of a plant in its hometown of Battle Creek, Mich., and dismiss as many as 700 of the 1,100 workers there.
Johnson & Johnson is up 31 percent; Eli Lilly, 26 percent; Merck, 20 percent; and Pfizer, 16 percent.
''The whole category has been about the customer being able to get control,'' said Chuck Ellis, executive vice president and chief marketing officer at Time Warner Cable, the No.2 cable company after Comcast.
Last month, the coalition filed lawsuits against Bristol-Myers Squibb, charging that its efforts to keep generic companies from making a lower-price version of BuSpar were illegal.
Coca-Cola tries selling sexiness in promoting Dasani in the competitive bottled-water market.
But the idea that the effectiveness of lobbying by Microsoft could even be a subject for discussion today shows how far the company has come in just a few short years.
''We thought it was at least a decade-long job, to take our efforts and present them to environmental groups and the general public, and gradually win support for this,'' said Earle Harbison Jr., the president and chief operating officer at Monsanto during the late 1980's.
Yet Lenovo has moved far more swiftly to remove the I.B.M.
As for Intel's rivalry with A.M.D., Mr. Otellini dismissed A.M.D.
Ford Motor will offer Sirius Satellite Radio in more of its cars and trucks and will begin installing satellite radio systems at its factories for first time (M)
Both noted that technology investors had been feeling skittish and said that they essentially jumped on an excuse to unload Oracle shares.
With the deal, only three Baby Bells would remain: AT&T, the former SBC Communications that provided service in the Southwest and elsewhere; Qwest and Verizon, the $90 billion company which is AT&T's chief rival.
IBM and SuSE Linux reportedly win United States government security certification for Linux operating system; certification, step to help Linux gain popularity with government and corporate users, applies only to SuSE Linux distribution of operating system running on IBM server computers (M)
MBNA stockholders will receive 0.5009 Bank of America share, valued around $23.375 each, as well as $4.125 a share in cash.
Last year, General Mills opened Cereal Town at the Mall of America in Minnesota, where children can see how their favorite breakfast is made or have their picture put on a Wheaties box.
In the last few years, however, Microsoft has pulled back and focused again on software.
''The sales aren't there, and there are just too many moving parts on the cost side,'' said Ulysses A. Yannas, who follows Xerox for Buckman, Buckman & Reid and is avoiding Xerox shares.
Tens of millions of people spend hours using instant messaging services, but it remains unclear whether companies that provide them can ever make money from it; their popularity is thought by many to have played critical role in growth of America Online; requiring AOL to open its system to rivals was thus seen by some Federal Communications Commission members as important step toward promoting competitive market for Internet service; Microsoft, MSN and Yahoo also provide such service (M)
EBay's decision to help entrepreneurs set up storefronts puts the company in direct competition with Yahoo, which is already in the business of helping small merchants sell to consumers through the Internet.
Despite the split, Coca-Cola still exerts much influence over Enterprises.
And Michael Kelly, a longtime Time Warner executive brought in to run ad sales, has started to repair AOL's reputation on Madison Avenue.
For years, Oracle, the leader in corporate database software and programs that help manage a company's stores of information, had been struggling to gain a larger footprint in a related field: the multibillion-dollar world of back-office software to let companies control their finances, inventory, procurement and the like.
Thomas W Watson, vice chairman of Omnicom Group, to retire at end of year (S)
In a conference call with analysts, the chief executive of General Dynamics, Nicholas D. Chabraja, said the merger was a result of on-and-off discussions he had been having with Anteon for several years.
Philip M. Condit, Boeing's president and chief executive, said in a statement that ''announced order activity continues to be encouraging, with 435 airplanes ordered in the first nine months of 1996, reflecting continued increased growth in passenger traffic, load factors and profitability by the airline industry as a whole.''
Comcast clearly wanted Mediaone but was unable to form a bidding alliance with America Online, which was not in a position to issue more stock to pay its share because its stock price has been volatile.
Investors and consumers have largely viewed it as a marketing company, but Procter & Gamble wants to be seen as a technology innovator as well.
Boston Scientific provides new evidence in its quarterly earnings report that it leads market of drug-coated stents; company's sales of stents, led by Taxus stent, reached $686 million, more than five times its stent sales for quarter year ago; Taxus stent controls 70 percent of market; growing evidence shows that while Taxus is easier to insert, Johnson & Johnson's Cypher, only other drug-coated-stent approved for sale in US, may produce better results for most patients; Boston Scientific reports quarterly net income doubled to $258 million from year ago, and revenues climbed 69 percent, to $1.48 billion; photos (M)
Data from food and beverage companies indicates that Wal-Mart represents 14 percent to 18 percent of all food and beverage sales.
Developers are forging ahead with plans to build at least six new hotels in Dutchess County, NY, in effort that local officials and real estate executives say is unusually active and aht could cause significant changes to county's lodging landscape; hotel demand is growing in county, while it is generally down in many parts of country; companies building hotels include Extended Stay America, Hilton Corp, Marriott Corp, True North Hotel Group and Foss Group Beacon; photo (M)
Media are nervously assessing how much they may suffer as result of labor problems hampering operations at General Motors Corp; GM is nation's largest advertiser, having spent $2.2 billion last year on sales pitches (M)
''There's really a lack of clarity of whether it was all Firestone's fault or whether it was really a little of Ford's fault and a little of Firestone's fault,'' said Clive Chajet, an advertising consultant in New York.
But June was disappointing -- up only 2.5 percent, compared with a 6 percent average from January through May -- and July was only one-tenth of a point higher, according to Goldman Sachs's composite index.
Caremark closed at $62.16, up 1.4 percent, and Express Scripts ended up 1.65 percent, at $76.
So even though Pfizer's current position is strong, analysts say the crisis it faces is real.
Several analysts voiced concern about what they perceived as a distraction in Oracle's pursuit of the network computer, or NC, a stripped-down machine that gets its power from a network instead of from an operating system.
In its offer, CVS has also agreed to cover any costs associated with stock option backdating at Caremark, practices that are under federal investigation and the subject of another civil suit filed against the company in Tennessee.
Several top executives have left Yahoo recently, including Anil Singh, its chief marketing executive, and Timothy Koogle, its chief executive.
In late July, Coca-Cola Enterprises, which is the Coca-Cola Company's main bottler in the United States and parts of Europe, announced a $5 billion capital spending plan that alarmed some investors, particularly when the company said it would not start showing increased positive cash flow until next year.
Mr. Sullivan's company, despite being backed by Chemical Bank and founded by one of AT&T's top wireless  strategists, dropped out last week.
Calls to reach spokesmen for Exxon Mobil and Patton Boggs were not returned.
In all of the suits, VeriSign has been accused of mailing marketing material that misleads its rivals' customers into believing their domain name is about to expire, and trying to persuade them to sign up with VeriSign.
The United States District Court ruled that the city had violated its contract with Time Warner and ordered the city to halt in its effort to put the channel on against Time Warner's wishes.
directive regarding options expensing was released on March 28, a week before I.B.M.
Under that deal, Wellpoint planned to absorb Aetna's health care business.
to police the provisions in the settlement because Time Warner is engaged in dozens of negotiations with cable operators and programmers at any one time.
Microsoft also employs an alphabet soup of industry-standard protocols -- XML, SOAP, WSDL and UDDI -- for describing, identifying and communicating data over the Web.
He even suggests a source of further reading, a Web site on Microsoft's internal network.
In its latest effort to grow faster, Baxter International said yesterday that it would buy Immuno International A.G., a plodding Swiss blood-products company, for $715 million.
Richard D. Parsons, the chairman and chief executive of Time Warner, has discussed the possibility of turning around America Online as an ''if,'' not a ''when.''
According to Citigroup's proxy statement, the firm's top six officers received $80 million out of a possible total of $243 million.
Microsoft Corp says it filed with Securities and Exchange Commission to restate nearly $1 billion in revenue related to products and licensing agreements lasting longer than one year; attributes mistakes for quarters ended Sept 30 and Dec 31, 2001, to clerical error; says it recognized $1.879 billion in deferred revenue in September quarter and booked $2.069 billion of 'unearned revenue'; it originally recognied $914 million and added $1.104 billion during period; adds net cash from operations and net change in cash and equivalents were unaffected (S)
Under the decision announced today, the Saudi Ministry of Posts and Telecommunications signed a letter of intent awarding AT&T the job of modernizing the entire telephone network with fiber optics, advanced switching systems and a nationwide cellular telephone system.
By that measure, Yahoo earned $80.2 million in the quarter, or 13 cents a share, in line with analysts' estimates.
There are no valid reasons to justify the full extent of Microsoft's exclusionary behavior in the IAP channel.
Now Apple offers a $29 accessory that allows photos to be displayed on the iPod Photo without a trip through a computer.
The Procter spot, meanwhile, promoted an offer for samples and coupons for a Swiffer household cleaner.
The lawsuit also accused Nike of fraud for saying in interviews and news releases that its workers were protected from physical and sexual abuse and that its working conditions complied with local laws and safety regulations.
In an interview last night, Mr. Gillmor said the Wal-Mart was including a clause in some tenant leases that would allow the company to some day expand its banking operations.
Bank of America has not been named in any regulatory or related complaint in the matter.
Nike Trying New Strategies For Women; Company Seeks Merger Of Athletics and Fashion
In February, Humana told doctors in Georgia and six other states in the Southeast that it was at least 60 days late on $112 million in claims for treatment of military families.
That way Time Warner would be able to have a public validation of AOL's value while still controlling one of the largest Internet companies, in an era when audiences and advertisers are shifting from traditional media forms to the Internet.
Shares of Morgan Stanley fell $2.5625 yesterday, to $73.125.
Federal Trade Commission moves to shut down Internet operation that sent unsolicited e-mail messages notifying 'winners' of video game consoles and other prizes; promotion was sponsored by Web portal Yahoo, but it then directed those who tried to claim prizes to pornographic Web site; consumers who were connected to site were charged $3.99 per minute; federal court in Nevada has shut down site and frozen its assets pending trial (S)
By using Yahoo's customized portal, BellSouth customers will be able to get additional storage for their e-mail, music with better audio quality, higher-resolution photos and stronger security features.
Fortunately, Apple's loyal customers quickly dubbed the new machine the G3 Blue and White, in an attempt to distinguish this innovative new desktop machine from its boring, beige and boxy G3 predecessor, which has been discontinued.
The General Motors Corporation is more direct: it has a focus group it calls the Paragon Team, about 30 people with arthritis, vision problems, artificial knees or hips, or other infirmities.
MovieLink and I.B.M.
Apple Corps, which represents the Beatles' business interests and markets their post-1968 recordings on disc, wants the computer firm to stop using the Apple trademark to sell recordings online, along with unspecified damages.
Upscale home furnishings retailers, such as Crate & Barrel, Target and Williams-Sonoma, are going after estimated 44 million members of Generation Nest--consumers between ages of 20 and 34 with disposable income of approximately $125 billion; are introducing new divisions and hiring trendy designers; photos (M)
An article in Business Day yesterday about a downgrade in the debt rating of the Ford Motor Company by Standard & Poor's referred incorrectly to the ratings of General Motors and DaimlerChrysler.
Prince and senior Citigroup executives have had detailed discussions about strategic options for the asset management business, including an internal revamping, a sale to another institution or, the least likely possibility, a spinoff, according to executives who have been party to the talks.
Those court documents also show, he said, that Mr. Zou met with officials from I.B.M., NCR and Hitachi and that he recommended Hong Kong Hitachi as a supplier to Mr. Zhang and his bank.
As part of its efforts to raise cash, Lucent said that it reached an agreement yesterday to sell its fiber optics business for $2.75 billion to Furukawa, a big Japanese industrial and electronics concern, and Corning Inc., the maker of fiber optic material based in Corning, N.Y. Lucent also said that it would sell or lease manufacturing plants in Oklahoma City and Columbus, Ohio, to Celestica, an electronics company, for $550 million to $650 million.
It is also using a large slug of Comcast stock, which is trading near record prices.
The newest major property holder is Goldman Sachs, whose 45-story waterfront tower is the tallest building in New Jersey and has 1.1 million square feet of space.
Analysts expected Citigroup to post earnings of $4.20 to $4.57 a share this year, according to estimates compiled by Reuters.
Mr. Ellison is worth $12 billion, as a founder, chairman and largest shareholder in the Oracle Corporation, a leading data base software maker.
CoverGirl, a line of cosmetics also owned by Procter & Gamble, runs a Web site where people can ask beauty questions and receive immediate answers.
Many cable industry officials attending annual convention in New Orleans acknowledge Rupert Murdoch's ambitious satellite broadcasting service could draw customers away from cable, but say threat has been both exaggerated and misunderstood; although Murdoch's service could eventually offer 500 channels of digital programming, many cable executives believe it will appeal to only narrow slice of viewing audience; move by cable operators, like Time Warner Inc and Tele-Communications Inc, to upgrade systems with digital technology noted (M)
The Oracle Corporation's Network Computer Inc. unit scored a tactical victory over the Microsoft Corporation yesterday, announcing a contract from a British cable company to supply key software for Internet-ready television set-top boxes.
Verizon has said it will recommend to the board that the company maintain its annual dividend at $1.62 a share.
The campaign, created by the longtime Alaska Airlines agency Wong Doody in Seattle, has an estimated budget of $10 million.
During the 11 months when Mr. Grubman rated AT&T's stock a ''buy,'' the company hired the Salomon Smith Barney investment banking unit of Citigroup to underwrite the initial public offering of stock in AT&T's wireless unit.
The bigger issue seems to be the price, which is turning out to be more expensive than AT&T and General Instrument initially suggested.
Electronic Arts, the world's biggest video game maker, plans to release Madden N.F.L.
State and city officials announced earlier this month that they had agreed to provide Goldman Sachs, the investment bank, with a bigger incentive package, worth hundreds of millions of dollars, to lure it downtown after it had explored a move to Midtown.
It was not by accident that Apple's advertising campaign a few years ago used the slogan ''Think Different.''
Mr. Rubin -- who carries the title at Citigroup of chairman of the executive committee -- masks an overpowering intellect behind verbal modesty, hedging his views with a courtier's self-effacement (''Maybe I'm wrong,'' and ''this is just my opinion, for what it is worth,'' or ''this could be a bad idea'') in a way that disarms bosses and opponents.
In an interview, Mr. Crawford said that Morgan Stanley would detail at today's conference ways to integrate the brokerage and institutional businesses better.
However, Apple, always tight-lipped, does not give much else to the accessory makers.
Mr. Crawford said Morgan Stanley held the line without increasing the amount of restricted stock or options that employees received as part of their pay packages.
Amazon listings expire after 60 days, so I still have time.
Exxon Says Way Is Cleared for Development in Russia
''This is not a ploy,'' one Micron official said.
''We are beginning to see the results of these efforts,'' said Sanford I. Weill, Citigroup's chairman and chief executive.
Monsanto pulls back from its stated timeline for bringing first genetically modified wheat to market by 2005 (S)
Interpublic recently sent letters to clients, in response to concerned questions from a handful of them, that were intended to offer reassurance on issues like its liquidity and the strength of its balance sheet.
That is because Intel has managed to narrow the technology gap enough that only the small slice of customers that is interested in top performance is willing to risk buying a computer built around a chip that has such a small share of the market.
''All companies go through transitions,'' said Jim Brock, a former Yahoo executive who left more than two years ago and is now chief executive of Attributor, a technology start-up.
An article in Business Day on Friday about potential merger partners for the Northrop Grumman Corporation included an outdated reference to one possible candidate.
Apple Computer will open retail outlets in 25 high-traffic shopping areas across nation by end of 2001, in foray into direct sales to customers; photo (M)
The Softbank Corporation, one of Japan's biggest Internet service providers, owns 42 percent of Yahoo Japan; Yahoo of the United States owns a 33.5 percent stake.
He said he considered it unlikely that Federal authorities would cooperate with the Manhattan District Attorney's office to bring charges against Morgan Stanley.
The two journalists are also forming a partnership with CBS News and plan to make regular appearances on morning and evening news programs and on ''Face the Nation'' on Sunday.
Mr. Wilson said that Take-Two may still compete, but that the recent branding agreements by Electronic Arts had dealt a blow to that effort.
Mr. Bewkes said: ''At Time Warner, we always think about succession and we have plans in place.
Chevrolet is the largest account of Campbell-Ewald just as General Motors is the largest account of the Campbell-Ewald parent, the Interpublic Group of Companies.
Frank C. Lanza, chief executive of L-3 Communications, one of the nation's largest military contractors, died Tuesday, setting off speculation over the future of the company that he helped found nearly a decade ago.
Whether AOL rises or falls before the deal is completed, the ratio, which will leave Time Warner shareholders with 45 percent of the combined company, fairly represents the contributions of AOL and Time Warner, executives said.
Yet Intel is taking care to describe the IA-64 (IA stands for Intel Architecture) as a design not for desktop PC's but for commercial work stations and even mainframe applications.
Customers who spend their pharmacy savings elsewhere within Wal-Mart are a sign that at the very least, the company's $4 generic drug program could be serving as a loss leader that stimulates other sales.
Indeed, by 2002 Honeywell International expects savings to add 32 cents to earnings a share.
Having already sold off military electronics and laptop computer divisions, Texas Instruments will remain a maker of specialized chips, primarily those called digital signal processors, which are used in cellular phones, computer networking equipment, cars and computer components such as modems and hard drives.
Dr. Jacobs, who helped direct the Biogen study, said that it was not possible to say which form of beta interferon was better.
granted MCI the right to compete with A.T.& T. for long-distance service throughout the United States.
Exxon Mobil Corp's Esso Australia unit is fined $1 million after being found guilty of failing to adequately train employees and provide safe environment at Victoria plant where 1998 explosion killed two, injured eight and cut gas supplies to Melbourne for almost two weeks (S)
For instance, Motorola's models of special digital telephones  are just reaching the consumer market, far behind nimble competitors like Nokia of Finland.
But the AOL-Time Warner merger isn't just a little more consolidation.
What Wal-Mart is known for, other than cheap prices, is selection.
Mr. Melkote, a founder of a three-year-old start-up called Aruba Networks, which sells wireless networks to corporate customers, says he recognizes that he and his partners might have turned away a once-in-a-lifetime chance at instant riches when executives from Cisco Systems, the largest maker of Internet networking equipment, came knocking last November.
I posted no photos on eBay; the digital camera was still packed, possibly in box No.
The Microsoft Xbox 360 was introduced last November, while the Sony PlayStation 3 and Nintendo Wii are expected this fall.
Mr. Mahoney said he did not think Moody's could be held responsible for not detecting Enron's misdeeds.
Oracle shares closed at $25.125, down $1.3125, in Nasdaq trading, but traded as high as $28.875 after hours.
This is the third version of Microsoft's Pocket PC software, which uses Windows CE, a stripped-down variant of its PC operating system software.
Yahoo is in a particularly interesting position in this regard.
Paul Blank, the Wal-Mart campaign director for the United Food and Commercial Workers, whose members often are paid $12 to $18 an hour, said Wal-Mart was leading a race to the bottom for workers.
Oracle has introduced an ad campaign in Britain with nearly the same theme.
One executive said that the release of Mr. de Vink's letters by Mr. Steere to the public roused some sympathy for Pfizer, which was necessary to lift the stock.
The additional billion dollars of spending comes after a season when CBS's ratings were down slightly, NBC and Fox were down significantly, and Time Warner's part-time WB network was down sharply.
He said Cisco's second consecutive period of quarter-over-quarter growth established ''a second, slightly higher plateau'' to build from, but he predicted no dramatic changes until his large service-provider customers begin making money again.
''It's tongue-in-cheek,'' said Katie Mitic, the general manager of Yahoo Personals in Sunnyvale, Calif. ''But the idea is how do you find the right person?
From Saints to Tulips to Coke and the Chic of Greed
The Digital Equipment employees said that the company disbanded a product development group based here after Mr. Gates told Robert Palmer, who was Digital's chief executive at the time, that a product the group was developing with a Microsoft rival, the Oracle Corporation,  would threaten an earlier deal for Microsoft to develop a version of its industrial-strength Windows NT operating system for Digital's powerful new processor.
Comcast would have to persuade AT&T's shareholders to reject the company's plan to issue a tracking stock for the cable operation as a precursor to the unit's full spinoff.
When the AT&T-Comcast merger, a stock swap arrangement, was announced last December, it was valued at $47 billion, not including Comcast's assumption of $25 billion in debt.
And so far, few, if any, manufacturers say they intend to take Microsoft up on the offer.
The new agreement includes language prohibiting spinoffs of auto companies' parts units, local union officials said, and that could cause headaches for the Ford Motor Company, which plans to sell its Visteon auto parts unit, a move that would affect 23,500 union members.
EMI's offer was potentially worth more than $2.8 billion -- slightly more than the bid from the Bronfman camp -- but was partly in the form of stock and required Time Warner to sell its music publishing business separately.
The first quarter has historically been weak for Oracle, based in Redwood City, Calif., and the company fell short of estimates last year.
Think of as it Amazon 2.0.
Intuit Inc., the nation's leading seller of personal finance software, announced yesterday that it would sell its electronic bill-payment processing business to its main competitor in that field, the Checkfree Corporation, for $227.6 million in stock.
No one is suggesting that Microsoft intentionally violated the patent rights of any other company or individual.
In exchange, the travel agency sites have agreed not to undercut Marriott.com's prices.
Over the last two years, I.B.M.
Well, there were some conversations with Steve Jobs about Microsoft Office .
BP, Shell and ChevronTexaco, all of which have contracts that would be affected by the new policy, could not be reached for comment.
The News Corporation, The Post's parent, is controlled by Rupert Murdoch, who as well as being a competitor of Mr. Turner happens to have a long-running feud with him.
Morgan Stanley was the first traditional Wall Street firm to dip its toes in the waters of on-line retail stock trading when it bought Lombard Brokerage, a small San Francisco-based company, in 1996.
A quick end to the strike by more than 86,000 employees of Verizon Communications, the nation's largest telecommunications employer, appeared out of the grasp of negotiators yesterday after unions rejected parts of the company's latest proposal.
And it meant that Coca-Cola's earnings would no longer be lowered by the plants' billions of dollars of depreciation and interest expense every year.
''That's an unfortunate decision on Pfizer's part,'' said Dr. Michael Crawford, the chief of clinical cardiology at the University of California, San Francisco, referring to the company's decision to only sell the drug in combination with Lipitor.
''Netflix has a responsibility to its shareholders to be as profitable as possible.
Mr. Jobs said he called Motorola's chief executive, Edward J. Zander, soon after Mr. Zander took over in January to suggest that the two companies work together on the project.
Both Wal-Mart and Blockbuster are relatively new to the online rental market.
Northwest Airlines, bowing to pressure from North Dakota politicians and local airport managers, says it will cut business fares to and from the state as part of six-month trial to stimulate passenger traffic; fares, discounted as much as 60 percent on connecting flights and 42 percent on nonstop flights, are available immediately for travel from Sept 14 through March 31, 1999; Cathay Pacific is offering round-trip flights to Hong Kong from New York and Los Angeles for $399 plus taxes and fees through end of August; American Express survey of business travelers has found that 65 percent of respondents always or almost always use laptop computer on overnight trips; new security gates at United Airlines' Terminal 7 at Los Angeles International Airport, scheduled to open in early September, will allow passengers to go through without switching on their computers (Business Travel column) (M)
Peter Fleischer, who is Microsoft's chief lawyer in Europe on privacy issues, said the company welcomed the agreement.
Mickey D. Levy, chief economist at Bank of America, said stock investors seemed to be taking additional interest-rate cuts for granted and were focusing their attentions on corporate profits.
; Humana Inc. of Louisville, Ky.; the United Health Group of Minnesota; the Prudential Health Care unit of Aetna and three California companies: Health Net Inc., Pacificare Health Systems and Wellpoint Health Networks.
A senior official at the National Transportation Safety Board said investigators from the board, the Boeing Company and the Egyptian government, among others, needed more time before they could draw any conclusions.
American Express and the Ventro Corporation announced that they would start an e-marketplace for business-to-business transactions.
If Oracle had made the first move for Retek, they wouldn't have paid as much as they did.''
But Kodak must make it absolutely clear that this number is the floor, that they are finally lean enough to start this turnaround they keep talking about, and to build back to significant employment here.
Microsoft recently announced its own federation plans, which would provide reciprocal access between Passport sites and those using other identity systems.
In that deal, Citigroup agreed in late 1998 to transfer to Enron $500 million for six months as part of a prepay, with the company committing itself to deliver natural gas and oil at a future date.
Mr. Kahn said he and A.T.& T.'s management had disagreed about whether and how fast to add other financial products to the credit card business.
Among other things, the states want Microsoft to produce a version of Windows built with block-like modules of software code that would allow PC makers to swap features into and out of the program without harming the stability of the basic operating system.
Yahoo says yes, and offers to prove it.
The weekend before Chistmas, a Kohl's store in Charlotte, N.C. was full of shoppers who said it was their favorite store.
Viacom also owns the Paramount movie studio.
Goldman Sachs Hires Senior Executive
MICROSOFT would not be proud to admit it, but the software behemoth has done more to spur the growth of the e-mail security industry the last two years than perhaps any other company.
He joined Microsoft in January 1999 when another well-known Microsoft researcher, Kai-Fu Lee, tapped him to help establish a research laboratory in Beijing.
In addition, federal and state regulators extracted various perhaps-unanticipated commitments from Verizon that could cost hundreds of millions of dollars.
In an interview, a spokeswoman for Nike said that the setbacks were temporary.
Fox, a subsidiary of the News Corporation, is expected to appoint Doug Herzog, the president of the cable channel Comedy Central, as its new head of programming today.
Oracle Corp's chief executive Lawrence J Ellison announces formation and spinoff of new business to capitalize on industrywide push to make Internet accessible over wireless phones and other portable devices; new company, to be known as Oraclemobile.com, will be headed by Denise Lahey, Oracle's former vice president for mobile products; Ellison says company will create partnerships with electronic commerce sites like Amazon.com or Travelocity to help translate their Web pages and transacation software into products accessible on cellular phones and personal organizers; Texas Instruments introduces microprocessor intended for cellular phones called C55x, which is faster yet uses less power than other processors now available and should thus extend battery life to several days (M)
Microsoft will introduce a set of corporate products today that will move it more fully into competition with the leading makers of security software for Windows computers.
Coca-Cola Femsa will pay $247 million in cash, or $38 a share to holders of Panamco Class B Common Stock, which are not traded and have voting rights.
Boeing has offered a total of 5.5 percent in raises over three years, $6,000 in cash payments and a 10 percent increase in what future retirees would receive in their pensions.
China is facing growing international pressure to prove that its food exports are safe to eat weeks after tainted Chinese pet food ingredients killed and sickened thousands of dogs and cats in US; some of America's biggest food companies, like Kraft Foods, are lobbying US government to press China to improve its food safety measures; Kraft, Kellogg and other food companies have said they are reviewing their food safety procedures and upgrading equipment; these executives worry that another scare involving China could set off consumer backlash against Chinese or foreign imports and reverse trend that has made large food makers increasingly dependent on processed ingredients from developing countries; recent recalls of other Chinese products discussed; photo (L)
Wal-Mart is trying to change that.
''In Delaware, we hope to say to Coke, it's time,'' said Larry D. Jones, a laid-off Coca-Cola manager who organized the trip.
News Corp intends to take charge of about $2 billion against its earnings for current quarter as result of write-down at Gemstar-TV Guide International (S)
Yahoo will buy Overture Services, Internet search listings service, for $1.63 billion in cash and stock; acquisition will give Yahoo greater ability to compete with Google in providing comprehensive Internet search services; purchase gives Yahoo bigger stake in arena of advertiser-paid search listings; Yahoo's chief executive Terry Semel comments; photo (M)
Focus of Federal Trade Commission's case against Intel Corp will be accusations by Intergraph Corp that Intel, which was sole supplier of chips for Intergraph's work stations, withheld technological data in market that changes quickly, causing serious setback for Intergraph; this led to charges and countercharges of patent infringement, fraud and misappropriation of trade secrets; in wake of falling-out, Intel racked up ever-higher revenues and profits as Intergraph labored under mounting losses; photos; graph (M)
Eolas Technologies, a company in Wheaton, Ill., that is not a member of the consortium, recently sued Microsoft for infringing its patent, No.
AngloGold, which is vying with the Newmont Mining Corporation for Normandy Mining, an Australian company, is formally challenging its rival through the Australian Takeover Panel.
For example, investors in a partnership that bought 70 Courtyard by Marriott hotels in 1987 have received about 70 cents so far for each dollar they invested, for a total of about $100 million, just one-third the amount Marriott projected.
sought to merge with Sprint, he said, AT&T had to defend itself.
Whatever happens with torcetrapib, though, Dr. LaMattina says he intends to remain as Pfizer's research chief for several more years, perhaps until he reaches the mandatory retirement age of 65.
While hedge funds and short-term speculators liquidated holdings in this summer's crisis, many investors, like General Motors, are committed for the duration.
Shares in the Sangstat Medical Corporation gained 23 percent today after Abbott Laboratories Inc. agreed to distribute the company's generic versions of a drug that helps prevent organ rejection in transplant patients in the United States.
Dr. Rowe said in a telephone interview that part of the problem was Aetna's failure to recognize the higher density of expensive members and raise premiums accordingly as its customer mix changed.
Inktomi and Akamai, leaders in Web-performance industry, are taking different approaches to technology of speeding Internet transmissions and to how they should be paid for services; Inktomi, with America Online as trophy client, aims to make Web traffic flow faster by storing or 'caching' most frequently requested data on network server computers nearest to people who request it; Akamai, with Yahoo among big clients, uses content distribution technique, with only first request going to Yahoo's main server and balance of page delivered from Akamai server with best link to user; diagram; graphs and tables of corporate data; photos (M)
The financial statements showed that FirstEnergy had $64.2 million in cash on hand on June 30, down from $290 million on March 31 and $359.1 million the previous June.
CSX closed at $46.9375 on Friday, and Norfolk Southern closed at $32.875.
The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission determined yesterday that the investment bank Morgan Stanley Dean Witter fired a woman in its convertible bond department as a retaliatory move after she accused the company of sexual discrimination.
Computer and entertainment companies, facing slowing growth in both industries, have ended what they once viewed as battle against each other for survival and are working together; both now see profit potential in delivering movies and music over Internet in pirate-proof format; joint ventures, strategic alliances and photo opportunities materialize every week, as tech companies jostle for position in entertainment world and producers enjoy courtship; Apple Computer chief executive Steven P Jobs rules digital-entertainment world so far, with Hewlett-Packard chief executive Carleton S Fiorina running hard to catch up; photo (M)
Online auction site EBay alters recent decision to raise fees; will cut certain minimum listing fees by 5 cents, to 25 cents, on its United States and Canadian Web sites; will retain 60 percent price increase that angered customers who host stores on its Web site, but credit month's subscription for basic store in May to all sellers who operate store for Apr; plans to eliminate most of its automated e-mail responses and instead provide e-mail responses from customer service representatives (S)
In Short Order, Oracle Loses One of Three Co-Presidents
network will generate about $1.2 billion in revenue from I.B.M.
The devices would download software via the Internet and not be based on Microsoft's Windows operating system or run Microsoft applications.
If you regularly use the old Mac OS 9 versions of programs on your current computer and need to keep using them, consider buying a new machine now, as the Rosetta software for the Intel-based Macs is not intended to run those older programs.
Johnson & Johnson defended the product yesterday and criticized the analysis, which was conducted by three cardiologists, saying they had relied on data from patients who had received higher doses than are now recommended.
I went to work for Georgia Power, a Southern Company affiliate, when I was 19.
Ford's strategy has some similarities to the approach that Johnson & Johnson took after seven people died in Chicago in 1982 when they consumed cyanide-laced Tylenol capsules.
''For software, this is wildly hard,'' said John Douceur, a Microsoft researcher.
Investors sent shares of Procter & Gamble up nearly 4 percent, or $3.26, to $89.01.
The Ford Motor Company has consolidated the Ford brand's South American account with J. Walter Thompson, part of WPP Group P.L.C., by awarding duties in Brazil to J. Walter Thompson Publicidade Ltda.
Interpublic said that when the delayed data are reported, it expects to receive ''an unqualified opinion'' on the statements in the 2004 annual report.
Warner-Lambert, now part of Pfizer, pleaded guilty to two criminal charges -- that it failed to provide adequate directions for Neurontin's use and that it engaged in interstate sale of an unapproved drug.
If there is to be a comeback by Apple Computer, it may be led by true believers like William C. Wantz, a lawyer from Hagerstown, Md., and his 12-year-old son Toby.
Without these nonrecurring items, Apple said earnings for the quarter would have been $93 million, or 60 cents a diluted share.
A memo written by unidentified government officials in Washington stated that Microsoft's complaints raise ''substantial concerns'' about the way Microsoft is being treated, according to a person close to the commission who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to discuss the memo.
William H. Donaldson, who took over as chief executive in February, said Aetna was ''very disappointed with this increase'' in costs.
Hours before the Oscars ceremony, AT&T announced that it would again make a giant deal, agreeing to buy the BellSouth Corporation in a proposed $67 billion purchase that is scheduled to close early next year.
Their tone was more forcefully optimistic than in previous earnings announcements, a practiced quarterly ritual in which Microsoft reports extraordinary profit figures accompanied by guarded commentary about the many challenges the company faces in the months ahead.
On Tuesday, Representatives Henry A. Waxman of California and John D. Dingell of Michigan, both Democrats, asked the General Accounting Office, the investigative arm of Congress, to investigate whether Halliburton ''has received special treatment from the administration over the past two years in the awarding of Defense Department contracts,'' including the oil fire contract.
Now Amazon, which is based in Seattle, is opening the program to vendors who list their items elsewhere on the Web -- on their own site, through Google, or even on Amazon's e-commerce rival, eBay.
Others noted that after the day's regular trading session ended, Motorola, a leading maker of cellular telephones and semiconductors, announced a worse-than-expected quarterly loss.
But Procter reaffirmed its earnings estimates, saying that higher sales from other products would offset any losses.
Public Citizen study and documents from recent lawsuit against Ford Motor Co raises new questions about safety of roofs on Ford Explorers; Public Citizen's study accuses Ford of ignoring evidence that stronger roofs would lead to fewer injuries (M)
A 95-foot yacht, a private estate in Hong Kong employing cooks, gardeners and chauffeurs, and cash payouts totaling tens of millions of dollars are among the benefits available to members of two companies whose shareholders have been part of the inner circle of American International Group, court papers show.
Since word leaked out last week that talks with Northeast were under way, Con Edison's stock has been pummeled on concerns that a merger with Northeast would depress Con Edison's strong earnings.
's chief operations officer, said he was surprised and disappointed by Nike's decision.
Mr. Parker said that Intel's increase in capital spending was aimed at staying ahead of A.M.D.
But now, almost exactly two years later, in a story that has come to resemble the fabled race between the tortoise and the hare, Boeing looks as if it is the company running out of gas while Airbus appears to be steadily gaining ground.
The North American unit of BAE Systems, the British military contractor, is considering a bid for TRW, the satellite and missile contractor that is fighting a takeover bid by the Northrop Grumman Corporation, people close to the negotiations said today.
In focusing intensely on United and the problems of the status-heavy major airlines, it is easy to neglect the dawn of the era represented by the discount airlines like Southwest Airlines, JetBlue, Alaska Air and America West.
To date, he said, CBM had made all of its loan interest payments to Marriott.
Investors Seem to Want to Keep AOL-Time Warner Asunder
Some analysts say Boeing has redrawn the competitive landscape with Airbus.
John J. Sweeney, the president of the A.F.L.-C.I.O., said the layoffs at Procter & Gamble were a sign of the softening economy and a reminder that the slowdown had an effect on families.
''Microsoft appears to be trying to get Media 9 into the market in Europe before a commission ruling in order to make the unbundling of the software from Windows more complicated.''
Gary L. Ginsberg, an executive vice president of News Corporation, has also contributed to Mr. Kerry.
That price is 1.14 shares of Interpublic for each share of True North, which amounted to about a 2 percent premium over the True North share price on Friday.
But removing AOL from the name was a longstanding water cooler fantasy of shareholders and executives who came from Time Warner before the merger.
Chief of Time Warner Books To Step Down by Year-End
Online distribution of movies has arrived, at places like Apple Computer's iTunes Store.
News that Samuel Zell is becoming new chairman of Tribune Co and has no plans to sell any of its individual newspapers has not discouraged potential buyers from planning their next move; Eli Broad and Ronald W Burkle, Los Angeles billionaires who lost Tribune auction to Zell, reconvene with their financial advisers to consider making new bid for entire company; Zell's agreement with Tribune leaves generous opening for other offers; fairly modest $25 million breakup fee for Zell is all that would stop Tribune from accepting another offers for entire company; New York Post owner Rupert Murdoch is still interested in merging some of paper's operations with Newsday (M)
Microsoft would be open to negotiating prices for the package of technical information and the source code details with companies or developers interested in buying the license, he added.
As the migration has accelerated, the newcomers have caused a decided shift here to the upscale: to gated neighborhoods with names like Avignon, to restaurants serving sushi, to specialty stores and gourmet shops that are clearly worlds apart from Wal-Mart.
Mr. Ugalde and his fellow union officials tried to negotiate a compromise with Goodyear over the fate of the Tultitlán plant and its workers.
Microsoft To Offer Original Web Shows
Lenovo's purchase of I.B.M.
A great beginning to my Honeywell career!
Priceline calculated its operating loss, excluding several special charges, at $25 million, or 15 cents a share.
''A sudden death is a tragedy for any family, but we believe the evidence we will present to the jury will show that Vioxx did not cause Mr. Ernst's unfortunate death,'' said Jonathan B. Skidmore, a member of the trial team and a lawyer for Fulbright & Jaworski, one of the firms representing Merck.
The group works out of an old conference room on the second floor, christened Action Alley, the same name Wal-Mart gives to the wide, circular aisle that runs around its stores.
Executives close to the deal said that by creating economies of scale, the merger would help Pfizer to limit price increases.
The company's supermarkets are facing increasing price competition from discounters like Wal-Mart Stores, coupled with the distraction of a revamping aimed at consolidating overhead at some chains.
The pricing, which I.B.M.
The open source decision will also likely strengthen Apple's hand in the educational market in part because of pricing and because, in the words of Gavin Eadie, the director of the strategic technology group at the University of Michigan, ''With open source we can get in there and make our changes.''
In his harshest criticism of state health care mandates so far, he said a Maryland law aimed at the company was ''ridiculous'' and that it would not change Wal-Mart's plan to open up to 370 stores this year in the United States.
The Saudis selected AT&T after Secretary of State Warren Christopher and Secretary of Commerce Ronald H. Brown made personal appeals for the company while on trips including Riyadh.
Boeing tests protective system it hopes to install on airplanes to prevent type of fuel tank explosion that destroyed Trans World Airlines Flight 800 in 1996; system adds nitrogen to empty space in fuel tank to dilute oxygen content to level that will not support fire or explosion; Federal Aviation Administration head Marion C Blakey hails fuel-tank inerting as safety advance, but is not sure whether agency will require airlines to install costly system; diagram (M)
After all, it's going to be News Corporation money and I'd be grossly negligent if I didn't take a close interest.''
Shares of the Bristol-Myers Squibb Company fell $7.57, or more than 15 percent, to $41.08, in heavy trading yesterday as pharmaceutical analysts lowered their ratings and swallowed earlier hopes that Vanlev could be a billion-dollar seller that would rejuvenate the company's aging product line.
The thing is, Yahoo Go offers eight Internet functions -- not just e-mail, but also Flickr photos, Web search, maps, weather and various news categories.
Apple executives also denied that reports of problems with iPod minis were serious or widespread.
FedEx also said it had asked the Transportation Department for authority to add six additional flights to China in 2006 to link Guangzhou to its delivery networks.
Deepak Advani, chief marketing officer, used to be the country manager for I.B.M.
Small Marriott Investor Sues For Details on Its Operations
Article on advantages and disadvantages of Airbus A380 airplane, which will start flying commercially next year, and rival Boeing Co's 7E7 airplane; drawing (M)
Nonetheless, a General Motors official was heartened that officials had spoken so openly about their need for G.M.
Mr. Prasad's team has filed 6 of the 60 United States patent applications from Intel's India unit in the last 22 months.
The union is asking that Verizon agree to ways of making it easier to form a union for almost 20,000 workers at Verizon Wireless.
If so, its styling may already be taking shape in the brain of J. Mays, a fast-rising designer who recently took the top design job at the Ford Motor Company.
''The initial one month investigation has shown that the combination of two of the largest competitors in the market merits further analysis, especially as the number of key players would be reduced from three to two -- Oracle and SAP -- in certain applications software markets,'' the commission said, referring to Germany's SAP, a competitor of Oracle.
The fact the settlement would not direct any money to Oracle appears to have concerned Judge Schwartz.
Mr. Bezos said that until the plans had been decided upon, he could not predict how much the change -- which will take place no later than January -- would affect Amazon's earnings.
VS. MICROSOFT: THE MARKET
The largest assignment in the history of Madison Avenue was made yesterday when General Motors consolidated responsibilities for media planning -- deciding where to run ads with an annual budget of $2.9 billion -- at a new shop to be formed by a unit of the giant agency company known as the B Com3  Group.
But as one more example of a family-run company that stumbled when the founding family died out, Adidas had been badly beaten by agile new competitors like Nike and Reebok.
So along with the entire hamburger category, the company has been losing market share to what the food industry calls the fast-casual restaurants like Panera Bread, Baja Fresh, Pret A Manger and Chipotle Grill (McDonald's has an ownership stake in the last two) that have successfully domesticated exotic tastes for the mass audience.
The idea is to be able to deliver intelligence when it is needed to help users as diverse as mortgage loan officers and police detectives make better and more timely decisions, said Ambuj Goyal, general manager of I.B.M.
One key reason is apparently that Microsoft viewed contract restrictions in the proposal as limiting its freedom to add new technology freely to its industry-standard Windows operating system.
Getting into what, until two weeks ago, was the hottest area of the Internet, Amazon.com introduced a department where its shoppers can book travel and buy travel-related merchandise.
Shares in CVS rose 3.5 percent yesterday, to $32.41.
But United Healthcare's woes also raise the question of whether managed care works as a model for the future of health care in keeping costs under control.
Mr. Sweeney joined a labor demonstration yesterday at the Stanley Works in New Britain, Conn., to protest its plan to reincorporate in Bermuda.
Coinciding with the separate introduction today of a joint missile company grouping the top military contractors in Britain, France and Italy, the Boeing deal with British Aerospace P.L.C.
Nor do all the former Xerox executives garner much sympathy from analysts and investors.
As he tells it, the two sides talked, but did not go further because he was not persuaded there was a large enough market for Cisco to exploit.
The cause of the explosion, which occurred less than 90 seconds after  liftoff, remained undetermined over the weekend as investigators from Boeing and Hughes arrived at Cape Canaveral from California, where both companies' space operations are based.
''We recognize we missed the chance to place those cameras,'' conceded Harry Kavetas, Kodak's chief financial officer.
The architect, Natan Bibliowicz, is the son-in-law of the chairwoman of the dance troupe's board, Joan Weill, and Sanford I. Weill, the chairman of Citigroup.
Time Warner and AOL have traditionally been valued very differently.
All told, the dismissals amount to 1.5 percent of Campbell's work force.
DuPont deserves credit for changing executive pensions in the same way it is changing those for lower-level workers.
''After a while I'll probably get tired of this,'' said Stephenne L. Bell, who normally does budget tracking analysis in Verizon's marketing and communications department.
Annabelle Gurwitch, co-host of TBS series Dinner and a Movie, will be star of live commercials for Ford Motor Co's new Focus car line; Gurwitch will be featured on more than 60 live commercials on four TV networks, which will begin Sept 9; ad campaign, developed by J Walter Thompson, is aimed at young consumers; photo (Advertising column) (M)
Many of Intel's largest customers do their manufacturing in Asia, including Dell.
Instead, Pfizer insisted that Vioxx was unique and that there was no evidence of a class effect.
Questions about the data-collection practices of a subsidiary of Amazon.com, the big Internet retailer, have erupted in a confrontation between a respected computer security expert and a renowned Internet pioneer.
His elevation is testament to the successes IBM Japan has had in a market dominated by domestic rivals.
Coca-Cola Femsa will also assume $880 million of Panamco's debt.
Only five months after the WPP Group in London became the world's largest marketing communications company in revenue and billings by acquiring Young & Rubicam Inc., the Interpublic Group of Companies in New York, whose agencies work for clients like Coca-Cola, General Motors and Nestlé, has leap-frogged into the lead.
In press releases yesterday, Express Scripts and Caremark each said that the merger it preferred could achieve $500 million in savings by cutting costs.
But Microsoft also says the software will improve the appearance of any digital text on liquid crystal display screens.
Citigroup Global Markets.
In the market for server software, Microsoft competes against Sun Microsystems and others.
For the machines behind the music, the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences is to award technical Grammys tonight to Robert Moog, who developed a groundbreaking synthesizer, and to Apple Computer Inc., the first time a computer company has received a Grammy.
After Mr. Nazem's departure, Yahoo is likely to have vacant positions at the top of two of its three operating units.
Since Wal-Mart entered the Canadian market by buying 122 outlets of the Woolco Canada discount chain, now defunct, three major retail chains and several regional ones have vanished.
And in Po Bronson's ''The First $20 Million Is Always the Hardest'' (Random House), Microsoft and Intel hover in the background as their fictional counterpart twists the arm of a distinguished think tank; the hero and his crew end up being sent out of Eden by the ''Wintel'' cartel for disloyalty -- a.k.a.
Ms. Siminoff said that her success in cashing in on Yahoo's audience will depend, at least initially, on things that may already be outside Ms. Decker's control.
Instead, they can buy computing and technology services from outside suppliers like I.B.M., almost as if a utility, paying only for what they use, on demand.
Compaq Computer plans to phase out Alpha microprocessors at heart of most of its high-performance computers, and by 2004 all of its business computers will be designed around Intel's new processor family, known as Itanium; hundreds of Compaq engineers who work on Alpha will move to Intel; Compaq will also migrate from chips designed by MIPS Technologies to Itanium in segment of its business that makes ultra-high-reliability computers; Compaq says it recently sent memo to employees detailing reorganization steps over next six months to cut costs, increase sales and place greater emphasis on selling software and services; photo (M)
Standard & Poor's lowered the Ford Motor Company's debt to its lowest investment grade rating on Wednesday, reflecting skepticism about the company's turnaround plan and a gloomy view of the domestic auto industry.
Raytheon, which has eliminated thousands of jobs in the last two years, seems to be following the pattern set by Lockheed Martin Corporation, which suffered setbacks and earnings disappointments as it sought to digest acquisitions.
Japan Airlines and All Nippon Airways are some of Boeing's best customers, and though Boeing said there was no link, analysts said it was natural for Japanese airlines to buy planes Japanese companies help build.
''I guess I'll just put it back into the player and sell the thing on eBay.''
Yahoo executives said that the company had been using the Right Media exchange since last year, largely to place ads on Yahoo's Web sites, and had become more comfortable with its capabilities.
AOL Time Warner might lead the boats, but all will be swept up in the current.
Eastman Kodak Co says operating profits in fourth quarter rose by 21.5 percent, to $395 million, compared with year earlier quarter; earnings report includes unexpected $256 million restructuring charge to consolidate jobs in Kodak's many labs; Kodak says its revenues in fourth quarter were up 5.4 percent, to $4.42 billion (M)
In 1998, Intel received an injunction barring Mr. Hamidi, who now works for the State of California, from sending more messages to Intel employees.
The finals will be broadcast on television first, although replays will be available later on Yahoo's service.
Consolidated Edison has started an advertising campaign in New York City to encourage its customers to continue using the utility as the effects of deregulation become apparent in the next few years.
The problem, Starbucks said, is not that profit from coffee shops is falling.
Asda executives said Wal-Mart approached Asda just two weeks ago and the agreement announced today came only days before the Asda-Kingfisher deal was due for completion.
Having conquered the world of portable digital music, Steven P. Jobs set his sights on television Wednesday, unveiling an Apple iPod that can play video -- along with an online shop to fill it with TV shows, short films and music videos at $1.99 apiece.
With an enticing invitation proclaiming ''It's Showtime,'' Mr. Jobs last week touched off speculation about how far Apple will go as it takes its next big step into digital video.
Interpublic has ''become increasingly enamored of alliances of this sort,'' said Mr. Linsky, citing other investments in Internet specialty agencies like Nicholson New York and Zentropy in Los Angeles.
Even with the cuts, which account for 20 percent of its work force, Boeing said that it would still earn a profit of only 1 percent to 3 percent on a whopping $50 billion in revenue in 2000 -- a margin more in line with a supermarket chain than the maker of jets that sell for $150 million each.
If the Microsoft Corporation won at least a partial victory today, its corporate adversaries were quick to argue that the company's huge and far-reaching lobbying crusade of the last few years should receive a healthy share of the credit.
Microsoft's position has been that it should be free to put anything it wants in its operating system, and that any curbs on that freedom constitute a threat to innovation in the software industry.
Now, five months after the deal closed, the Lenovo and I.B.M.
Under the transaction, announced on June 20, 2001, Verizon sold 15 million shares in Flag, worth $74.4 million when the deal closed on June 22, to Tyco.
(The former eBay merchant, Liquidationuniverse, is not affiliated with the Web site liquidation-universe.com, which is owned by a liquidator in Garden Grove, Calif.)
Lawyers for plaintiffs have much more work ahead if they are to convince a jury that Merck is responsible for the death of Robert Ernst, a Texas man who died in his bed at 59 in June 2001 after taking Vioxx, the company's prescription painkiller, for eight months.
For the Marriott family, which controls both Host Marriott and Marriott International, the agreement is testimony that Marriott's rapid growth the last two decades did not come without cost.
But while the 3-Step Guide and letter said my e-mail address would stay the same except for the domain name (comcast.net instead of home.com), the guide also showed my user name as a 15-character string -- nothing that I or my correspondents would be able to remember.
It turns out that in the same month that Mr. Updegrove was sending out the letter, he was also working with the Yale faculty to apply for a large grant from Intel in a competition aimed at spurring use of high-end work stations using Intel chips on campuses across the country.
For much of corporate America, Goldman Sachs has long epitomized the discretion and solicitude of a Wall Street investment bank.
AMD has vowed to keep its chip prices 25 percent below Intel's, so when Intel cuts prices, AMD cuts prices.
In contrast to gloomy forecasts by many other drug makers, Pfizer said in December that it expected earnings to increase 20 percent or more this year and at least 15 percent a year through 2004.
Microsoft And Intel Shift PC Strategy to Meet Network Threat
And Time Warner could continue to deploy its cable assets in expanding its own position as an Internet provider.
Boeing said it was reducing production and cutting 48,000 jobs in the next two years, 20,000 more than it had announced some months ago.
Apple's first quarter includes the holiday buying season, as well as the first full quarter of sales of the iPod Nano.
2 Internet service provider after AOL, has not formally opposed the deal, it has said that it wants to make sure that the merged company, which will be known as AOL Time Warner, will allow it to offer high-speed access on terms equal to those of AOL's own service.
As for Mr. Lane's abrupt resignation, another former high-ranking Oracle executive said Mr. Lane might have simply felt that his eight years at Oracle under Mr. Ellison's mercurial leadership was enough time served.
Unlike Medtronic, Abbott is new to the coronary stent market and it is not expected to complete the trials necessary to enter the market until 2008.
For its part, Microsoft, which introduced its Xbox 360 in November 2005, said Sunday that by year's end it had shipped 10.4 million of the consoles worldwide.
In its most recent bid, Oracle is offering $7.7 billion to acquire the rival software company.
The New Yorker issue joins a lengthy list of catchy marketing and promotional ploys from Target.
It is too early to say whether Sony, Microsoft or Nintendo, which began selling the Wii last month, will win the fight for consumers' imaginations and money.
The cultures of Asda and Wal-Mart are ''very different,'' Mr. Watson, the Asda spokesman, said.
The euro-denominated checks will be available worldwide beginning Jan. 1, 1999, at American Express travel service offices, at some financial institutions, exchange bureaus and travel agencies, including the American and Canadian Automobile Associations.
Yahoo offers one of the best opportunities to explore new ideas in search, Mr. Raghavan said.
The Apple campaign, carrying the theme ''Think different,'' began with a slick, star-stuffed television commercial during the broadcast of the animated film ''Toy Story'' on ''The Wonderful World of Disney,'' a new weekly ABC series.
Wall Street was encouraged after several companies, including General Electric, reported financial results that met or exceeded stock analysts' diminished expectations.
Oracle executives predicted technology spending would continue to improve throughout the year.
It also accused Microsoft of trying to wipe out the market for rivals' audio and video-player software programs by incorporating its own product, Media Player, into Windows, a practice known as bundling.
General Motors plans to enter the market in 2005 with a hybrid version of the Saturn Vue sport utility; Chrysler, a unit of DaimlerChrysler, plans to produce a small number of hybrid versions of its Dodge Ram pickup.
Two top-ranking executives of the insurance brokerage unit at Marsh & McLennan Company and the company's general counsel were forced out yesterday as Marsh took another step in reorganizing after being accused of cheating customers through bid-rigging and price-fixing.
More important, many software developers are angry, having worked for years on products tied to Apple's long-proposed Copland operating system, which was scuttled after the company agreed in December to acquire Steve Jobs's Next Software Inc. and its Next Step operating system for $400 million.
But I.B.M.
Even Oakley, whose sunglasses were once a favorite of the Nike chairman, Phil Knight, plans to introduce a line of sneakers this year.
Adobe also announced the departure of three senior executives and a reduction of 240 to 300 jobs, or 13 percent of its work force.
Whatever its cause, the sales decline could not have come at a worse time for Kodak.
Assuming Qwest's share price does not fall by more than 10 percent, Qwest would pay MCI shareholders $24.60 a share, compared with an offer by Verizon of $20.75 a share.
New Snags In Oil Talks By Indonesia And Exxon
ONE year ago, almost to the day, Samuel J. Palmisano, the chief executive of I.B.M., delivered a speech in New York that sketched his company's vision of the future of computing, which he called ''on-demand computing.''
Judge Vaughn R Walker rules that Oracle Corp can proceed with its hostile bid for PeopleSoft, dealing rare defeat to Justice Department, which sought to block merger on grounds that combining two companies would reduce competition in market for software that large corporations use to manage their finances and employees records; antitrust experts and industry analysts say ruling could open way for more mergers in industry if big companies feel less constrained by prospect of antitrust challenges; European Commission is continuing to probe proposed merger; chart; photo (M)
Wal-Mart seems mostly immune to such concerns, however.
''Microsoft's 'Hailstorm' technologies open exciting new opportunities for us to use the Web in ways never thought of before, helping us to continue to deliver service that is truly unmatched in the industry,'' Glen Salow, the chief information officer of American Express, said at the time in a statement.
If WebTV truly catches on, Microsoft would be well poised to extend its dominance over the PC to the most-watched screen in the world: the television.
Continuing to deliver fast growth, Yahoo said its sales more than doubled, its profit margins widened and its user base doubled last quarter from the comparable period of 1998.
Apple Computer's co-founder Steven P Jobs unveils Apple iPod that can play video--along with online shop to fill it with TV shows, short films and music videos at $1.99 each; is undertaking his effort to transform world of video with only two major distributors--Walt Disney Co and his own Pixar movie studio--and without broad support he lined up from music business for selling songs online; new flagship model of iPod music player with 2.5-inch screen will sell for $299 or $399 depending on storage capacity, 30 or 60 gigabytes; larger player can hold 15,000 songs, 25,000 photos or 150 hours of video; Jobs says one-hour show will take 10 to 20 minutes to download over high-speed connection; Disney's chief Robert A Iger says Apple alliance reflects Disney strategy of marrying content and technology; photo (M)
Microsoft's lawyers say testimony about such technologies has no place in the final phase of a case that for four years has centered largely on Web browsers like Netscape Navigator and Internet Explorer.
Kodak expects that digital products and services, which do not provide the rich margins of conventional film and processing in either consumer or professional markets, will account for $9.5 billion of 2006 sales, up from $3.5 billion last year.
Moody's Investors Service cuts long- and short-term credit ratings for AT&T two notches to speculative status, citing impact of relentless competition on is revenues and earnings (S)
The news also benefited Intel, which was facing years of expensive litigation with Digital.
Microsoft Corp, in bid to secure central place in new gadgets that are increasingly preferred platform for digital media, says it will license its Windows Media technology to consumer electronics makers at lower prices and for better terms than its main competitors do (S)
Many shoppers are finding big retail stores too large, too inconvenient and too tiring to get all way through; Wal-Mart Stores has been aggressively opening scaled-down versions of its Supercenter--less than one-quarter their size--called Neighborhood Markets; Home Depot has opened shrunken version of its usual model in Brooklyn; other retailers, including Toys 'R' Us and Staples, are retrofitting stores to make them smaller, cozier and more intimate, qualities big-box format was supposed to displace; chart; photos (M)
But they would no longer receive health insurance, pensions and other benefits and would have to sign a release pledging not to sue Allstate.
Microsoft and eBay said yesterday that they had entered into an alliance under which eBay's auction Web site would adopt some of Microsoft's software and Microsoft would make eBay's auction listings available on some of Microsoft's sites, like MSN.
Shareholders of Time Warner Inc and Turner Broadcasting System Inc approve $7 billion merger of the two companies; Time Warner chairman Gerald M Levin faces difficult problem of cutting its debt of $17 billion (M)
During the trial, a Gateway executive, James Von Holle, served as a witness for the Justice Department and described how Microsoft had put pressure on Gateway after it pursued a strategy of installing the Netscape browser and placing an AOL icon on the desktop of its computers.
Mr. Simon said Omaha Steaks had been ''pleased so far'' with its Amazon.com deal.
The Interpublic Group of Companies in New York is filling in details of its previously disclosed plans to merge Bozell in New York into the New York office of a sibling agency, Lowe & Partners Worldwide.
Technology Briefing
Article on Southwest Airlines' attempts to undo public relations damage caused by its announcement that it has begun charging extra large people for two airplane seats (M)
A federal bankruptcy judge cleared the way last night for Time Warner and Comcast to proceed with the acquisition of Adelphia Communications.
Working with the International Business Machines Corporation, the French telephone company said it would develop a network to let customers surf the Internet with simple and cheap screen-based telephones, which would also be inexpensive.
Nonetheless, Apple's shift in strategy has angered the clone makers.
Marcus Courtney, co-founder of the Washington Alliance of Technological Workers, an affiliate of the communications workers' union, said, ''This shows how Amazon, despite its public statements that this is a decision we let our employees make themselves and we trust them to make the right decisions, all these meetings and the internal Web site and their manuals show that Amazon management is trying to take this basic democratic decision away from the workers and make it themselves.''
''After a year of minimal increases, average air fare tabs are rising faster,'' said Rusty Carpenter, vice president of American Express Consulting Services Group.
Microsoft's market research showed that many New Yorkers complained that they lapsed into going to the same restaurants and missed out on cultural events because they did not have the time to plan new eating and entertainment options.
Morgan Stanley said yesterday that the talks were consistent with the position taken by the directors when they wrote to the dissident executives saying they supported Mr. Purcell and were ''carefully monitoring'' the situation.
Sir Deryck, the former chief executive of Salomon Brothers, sold that company to the Travelers Group, a predecessor to Citigroup, in 1997.
Correction:  January 12, 2007, Friday  An article in Business Day yesterday about a lawsuit filed by a pension fund over the proposed merger between Caremark RX and CVS misstated the amount of exit pay that Caremark's chief executive, Edwin M. Crawford, would receive if a rival bid was accepted.
Wal-Mart, the country's largest seller of movies, announced that next year it will begin testing a video download service on its Web site.
Individually, the strategies can be viewed as healthy fixes to longstanding problems at Wal-Mart.
Apple devotes a section of its site to assistive technology for the Mac at www.apple.com/accessibility.
Moody's and Fitch May Cut Reynolds Tobacco Credit Rating
When Burger King filed last month to raise as much as $400 million in an initial public offering, the list of underwriters was just as familiar: J. P Morgan, Citigroup, Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley.
Sales at General Motors Corp fell 12.6 percent in February from same month year earlier; Ford Motor Co's sales fell 2.8 percent; both companies scaled back numbers of cars and trucks they planned to make as unsold models accumate on dealer lots, though GM's cuts were deeper and it is showing few signs of turnaround; GM says it will shuffle its senior top management ranks and give several top North American executives broader global responsibilities; auto sales in US fell 1.8 percent in February from same month year earlier, to seasonally adjusted rate of 16.3 million cars and trucks; Toyota's sales were up 11.1 percent, Nissan sales rose 10.2 percent and Hyundai's 19 percent; Honda sales were down 7.2 percent, while Mitsubishi's sales declined 40 percent in February; graph; chart (M)
Intel spent $2.5 billion to buy back 93.6 million shares of its common stock in the quarter, and on Sept. 1, it paid shareholders a dividend of 8 cents a share.
At Ikea, Expo and the Home Depot, on the other hand, the designer passes a plan to a project manager, although the Expo designer monitors the progress.
Moreover, DuPont's once-stellar reputation for scientific innovation has flagged of late.
The Denver Post, owned by Media News Group, now has a circulation of 370,423, up 4.7 percent.
The numbers they saw -- the cost of various safety options per car -- reveal nothing about the sense or nonsense of General Motors' decision.
Johnson & Johnson, a major advertiser on USA, said yesterday that it had expressed concerns about the film to network executives, but it denied undertaking any further intervention.
By some counts, more than 30 million households in the United States surf Yahoo each month, spending a total of 503 million hours at the site.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 18 (By The New York Times) -- The Microsoft Corporation and Sun Microsystems Inc. sparred today over the meaning of a Federal judge's ruling on a motion for clarification in Sun's lawsuit against Microsoft over its use of the Java language.
Motorola, which is based in Schaumburg, Ill., had net income of $404 million on revenue of $19.04 billion in the first nine months of this year.
Intel, the world's largest semiconductor maker, said that its current generation of mobile Pentium processors already consumed less power on average than Transmeta's, and that a set of technologies on the horizon for 2002 or 2003 would keep Intel comfortably in the lead.
Peter Chernin, president and chief operating officer of the News Corporation, parent of the Fox Network, has made contributions to John Kerry, the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee.
Lockheed Martin has won a $1 billion contract to build antimissile radar systems for the South Korean Navy.
But the credibility of Boeing's leaders has badly deteriorated in recent months.
Maurice R Greenberg continues to hold powerful sway over management of American International Group just days after stepping down as chief executive; Greenberg's unusual control stems largely from his role as top executive of related, private entities, C V Starr and Starr International Co; Greenberg holds reins over vehicles that dole out compensation to AIG exeutives; is also still chairman of Starr Foundation, one of nation's largest private foundations, which makes contributions to organizations and charities run by company's directors; photo (M)
When they announced the deal, AOL and Time Warner described a number of minor joint ventures, like adding content from InStyle magazine to America Online.
Microsoft has tried to create interest in devices it calls ultra-mobile PCs, and Intel has been encouraging developers to introduce systems it describes as mobile Internet devices.
Boston Scientific knew that Guidant, the No.
For the quarter, which ended on March 28, Intel reported earnings of $1.27 billion, or 72 cents a share on a diluted basis, down 36 percent from $1.98 billion, or $1.10 a share, in the comparable period last year.
And backers and partners like Microsoft, Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation and DuPont have lent credibility to Healtheon's ambitious talk of transforming the nation's unruly, fragmented health system into a digitally disciplined online universe.
Netflix has devoted millions of dollars to building an easily navigated Web site while it refines a complex software system that recommends movies based on customer ratings.
Adding to the company's woes, the Food and Drug Administration this month rejected two drugs from Pfizer, Oporia, an osteoporosis treatment, and Dynastat, an injectable painkiller.
''Although the defendants sometimes meekly challenged manipulative topside accounting devices at Xerox, they were easily satisfied by untested, self-serving management explanations,'' the S.E.C.
Intel not only dominates the market for personal computer microprocessors, but its chips are used in more than 85 percent of the server computers that act as the hub of corporate networks.
RealNetworks claims to have 700,000 subscribers for pay services, but it is perceived as being increasingly vulnerable, according to some analysts, because Microsoft has included its Media Player as part of the Windows operating system, which dominates the PC market.
There were two other deals involving Interpublic, the agency company that also owns Draft Worldwide and the Lowe Group in addition to McCann-Erickson.
The merger of Symantec and Veritas, they say, is simply further evidence of consolidation in an industry where customers prefer fewer suppliers, not more.
AT&T Megastore Aims to Make It Fun to Buy a Phone
Spokesmen for AOL Time Warner and AT&T declined to comment yesterday.
Analysts chose to focus on Kodak's operating results because the company loaded its results from the most recent quarter with $508 million in one-time charges and losses.
Amazon modestly raised its financial expectations.
Indeed, some argued that if the Justice Department prevailed, the net effect on consumers might be negative, particularly if banks were successful in issuing high numbers of American Express cards.
2 slot at Kodak has been vacant since January of last year, when Daniel A. Carp was promoted to chief executive but retained the presidency.
Sandy Sullivan, a spokeswoman for Clorox in Oakland, Calif., said that Bravo, which is owned by Young & Rubicam Inc., had been awarded the assignment after an informal review in which the other participants were not disclosed.
Moody's Investors Service and Fitch Ratings said yesterday that they might cut the credit rating of R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Holdings in the near future.
Thus, he added, Microsoft's plans for Windows XP -- the next version of the company's monopoly product -- were a matter of public interest.
Yet this cosmopolitan creature has become a symbol of the challenge facing Boeing, Airbus's lone remaining rival.
Analysis of Justice Department's concession in dropping charge that it has been illegal for Microsoft Corp to pursue its longstanding practice of bundling, or tying, new software to its monopoly product--industry-standard Windows operating system; says if pendulum has swung in Microsoft's direction under Bush administration, it is by no means clear how much; holds steps announced are partly tactical compromises; photos (M)
But the price of making it inexpensive, easy and attractive for consumers to buy online -- rather than sharing songs on the Internet without compensating record companies or musicians -- was the use of Apple's proprietary formats, making song buyers beholden to Apple and its players, which account for more than 70 percent of all devices sold.
TECHNOLOGY  Correction:  December 8, 2000, Friday  An article in Business Day on Wednesday about Apple Computer's warning of a shortfall in earnings for its quarter ending Dec. 30 misstated the amount of cash and short-term investments the company has in reserve.
Southern, based in Atlanta, is one of the biggest American power utilities.
In its statement, Wal-Mart said it had ''acknowledged it had compliance issues when the statute became effective in 2001.''
Group of 2,139 former employees of International Business Machines Corp (IBM) sues Internal Revenue Service seeking $46 million of income tax refunds; contend severance packages they received when their jobs were eliminated should not be taxed; IRS replies (S)
''Citigroup can repeat a thousand times that they have cleaned up Associates' practices and that they are now the best in the industry, but that will not make it true.''
While many companies give directors all or part of their pay in stock or stock options, Coca-Cola appears to be the first to have adopted a plan that would provide nothing if the company did not perform well.
Johnson & Johnson sent the group a confidential report conceding that placebo-controlled studies, many of them never published by the company, failed to show it was effective in treating children for reflux disease.
Bank of America already has a dominant position in consumer banking in the United States, and will gain specifically in the credit card and wealth management businesses.
Despite the improvement, Mr. Masdea said investors remained uncertain whether Intel could continue to grow in this area.
''On Jan. 7, in connection with a license agreement, we issued a warrant to purchase 800,000 shares of common stock to Cisco, one of our customers, for $800,000,'' Selectica said.
Many consumers already begin searching for products or services at Google, and Froogle looks like an attempt to capitalize on Google's technology and reputation to become a shopping destination to rival Amazon, Yahoo or eBay.
Then there is the matter of why quality-control officials at Boston Scientific's huge factory in Maple Grove, Minn., where the products include the Taxus stent, repeatedly missed crucial deadlines for notifying the F.D.A.
The technology is currently available from AT&T in 22 regions around the country, with the company's other local networks scheduled to receive it.
''It's both a surprise and yet completely predictable given Vornado's historic negotiating approach,'' Ms. Tighe said.
Correction:  September 7, 2000, Thursday  An article in Business Day yesterday about the government's review of the pending merger between Time Warner and America Online referred to a proposed deal between Time Warner and the EMI Group.
Verizon Communications gives Recording Industry Association of America identity of Internet subscriber suspected of making available unauthorized copies of several hundred songs; association argued that it had right to invoke legal shortcut compelling Internet service providers to turn over subscriber information without requiring copyright holder to file lawsuit; Verizon argued that shortcut was meant to apply to only narrow set of circumstances and that its broad use would violate its subscribers' privacy and due process rights; company refused to comply with subpoena; Federal Judge John D Bates wrote that Verizon's position 'would create huge loophole in Congress's effort to prevent copyright infringement on Internet'; Verizon says it will appeal ruling (M)
But for now, the sales turmoil has badly slowed Xerox's efforts to get customers for the expensive superfast digital copiers that are its highest-margin products.
A recent dispute involved a letter Royal Caribbean sent to travel agents in the United States urging them to protest Carnival's offer on the ground that the enlarged company would operate as a monopoly.
Last month, Advertising Age even suggested that Interpublic might prevail.
In interviews, several of its key program managers warned that underestimating Microsoft's ability to meet the computer security challenge might be as foolhardy as was misjudging its ability to turn itself into a dominant Internet player.
Merck Sees Successor To Vioxx
She said yesterday that there was likely to be an advantage for companies with name brands, like the Times Company, with The New York Times newspaper, or Dow Jones, with The Wall Street Journal.
The so-called name-your-price approach to business may harness the power of the Internet and data-mining and whatever secret software sauce has been patented by Jay Walker, the founder of Priceline and WebHouse.
AT&T offers a sex channel called the Hot Network to broadband subscribers and owns a company that sells sex videos to hotel patrons.)
I.B.M.
That opportunity is what attracted Microsoft to WebTV and brought other major software companies into the infant industry.
The chief executive of Bank of America, Kenneth D. Lewis, has spoken of making his bank more of a force in managing the investments of affluent Americans.
With Wasserstein's price in the midrange, that figure now becomes AT&T's purchase price.
Mr. Smith said that CBS owned important content and ''there are ways to window it out to new audiences and to offer it to existing audiences on different platforms.''
Microsoft has found its advances elsewhere slowed by wary industry partners and rivals.
And it is possible that safety concerns could delay approval of two other drugs that are in advanced stages of development -- Merck's Arcoxia and Prexige from Novartis -- as well as several further behind.
''Adoption is going to be slow because Microsoft is trying to change the paradigm.
Verizon, for its part, was cautious about its expansion into the Wi-Fi market.
The deal would be part of Microsoft's drive to sign up wireless carriers to use its so-called smart phone software -- a pared-down version of the Windows operating system -- and services that Microsoft is developing as part of its .Net Internet strategy.
In the ruling yesterday, the three-judge panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit in Washington agreed with the lower court that the Barnesandnoble feature probably violated the Amazon patent.
The critics say the gift is not free: they estimate that the fees Microsoft will collect, which are not specified in the contract, will exceed $30 million.
Profits at A.T.&T.
Time Warner's record these days ranges from respectable but rarely outstanding news coverage that plays hard on diversions like Monica Lewinsky.
But in the midrange market, where systems sell for $100,000 to $1 million, Sun is in third place behind Hewlett and I.B.M., according to the market research firm IDC.
AT&T would also agree to use Microsoft's software in its integrated packages of voice, video and data service.
From a regulatory standpoint, a combined Time Warner-AT&T cable unit with perhaps 26 million subscribers would not be significantly bigger than a combined Comcast-AT&T, which would have 22 million subscribers.
Wal-Mart noted that the federal Department of Labor had found ''serious flaws'' in one of the fund's reports on labor conditions in Central America.
For the fourth quarter, Amazon executives said they expected revenue to be between $2.30 billion and $2.55 billion.
Mr. Baughman, 52, came to Mattel as part of the company's 1997 merger with Tyco Toys.
Article profiles Jonathan Bulkeley, chief executive of small but aggressive Barnesandnoble.com, who is challenging dominance of Amazon.com, leading on-line bookseller led by Jeffrey P Bezos; photo (Public Lives) (M)
Ms. O'Neill said she had not received reports of widespread lack of follow-through with the requirements of the nationwide consent decree, but noted that Wal-Mart's rapid growth created certain issues for the retailer.
and Texas Instruments to establish the technology as the basic platform for smart phones.
Shares of Computer Associates International and BMC Software, two of largest business software companies, plunge in heavy trading after companies warn that earnings in quarter ended June 30 will be well below expectations; both companies say slowdown in sales of software for mainframe computers is main problem as major customers delay purchases until IBM delivers its next generation of mainframes later this year (M)
Part of the Aetna screening will involve a written test that has already been in use elsewhere, the Patient Health Questionnaire, or PHQ-9, which was developed at Columbia University and tested by researchers in the MacArthur Foundation program at Dartmouth College and Duke University.
Perhaps most important, Mr. Malone's deal with AT&T limits the amount of debt Liberty may carry.
United Automobile Workers union is leaning toward negotiating with new national labor contract first at General Motors Corp and Ford Motor Co, and leaving Chrysler Corp for later (L)
Ms. Couric's representatives, including her spokesman, Matthew Hiltzik, declined to comment yesterday on the status of any talks with CBS.
In the hourlong I.B.M.
Hu Maoyuan, president of Shanghai General Motors, put it another way when asked whether a smaller car would emerge from the Shanghai plant.
I.B.M.
Rupert Murdoch, head of the News Corporation, has long courted Chinese government officials and is now married to a Chinese woman, Wendi Deng, who has played a role in negotiations there on the company's behalf.
The online discounts Microsoft has offered to date have been made through retailers and PC makers, discounts of $400 if users sign up for three years of MSN service.
Cisco Agrees To Suspend Patent Suit For 6 Months
''Apple delivered a solid quarter and is one of the few companies making a profit in personal computers during these challenging times,'' said Steven P. Jobs, the chief executive of Apple.
He said that once Microsoft had a large number of advertisers and had refined its ad placement formulas, it would be able to compete with Google and Yahoo to sell ads on other Web sites because it would be able to offer higher ad revenue.
A jury in California yesterday awarded $116 million in punitive damages to a patient's widow who contends he died after a subsidiary of Aetna Inc., the nation's largest health insurer, delayed approving treatment for stomach cancer that its own doctors had recommended.
Johnson & Johnson wins right to sell cancer drug Velcade, made by Millennium Pharmaceuticals, outside US; Ortho Biotech Products, unit of Johnson & Johnson, will pay Millennium $15 million up front and as much as $520 million later if Velcade wins approval in various countries for treating multiple myeloma and other types of cancers and if it achieves sales goals; Johnson & Johnson will also pay double-digit royalty and at least 40 percent of costs of clinical trials for drug (M)
Sales rose 2 percent in the Asia-Pacific region and were up 9 percent in Latin America, McDonald's said.
Equally threatened is Johnson & Johnson, which has an estimated $2 billion or more in sales of the drug, which it calls Procrit, under license from Amgen.
EBay was not the first site to dream of expanding its empire through fixed-price stores, of course; both zShops at Amazon.com and Yahoo!
SCO added that Microsoft did ''not orchestrate or participate in the BayStar transaction.''
Of course, these events have not gone unnoticed at Airbus, which has lost some freighter orders for its A380 to Boeing in recent weeks.
''Boeing is going to eat their lunch in the much larger midmarket -- 2,000 planes versus 300 planes.''
SAP, the world's third-largest software company, after Microsoft and Oracle, has a stock market value of more than $50 billion, and Microsoft would have had to offer a premium to buy the company.
Woolworth, the owner of Foot Locker stores, plans to add its own line of shoes, under the Champion brand, to reduce its dependence on Nike sales and to improve its profit margins.
Pfizer will issue cards and offer counseling and health information to people in its program.
Over the weekend, a coalition of privacy advocates began discussions about a boycott of Intel.
To the contrary, the government's own economist in 1995, Nobel Laureate Kenneth J. Arrow of Stanford University, acknowledged that Microsoft ''achieved its dominant position in its market as a consequence of good fortune and possibly superior product and business acumen.''
Microsoft, which has shaped the way millions of people use computers, is helping to shape the way people talk as well, with creation of new words and new meanings for old words; Microspeak, slangy jargon made up of dozens of words and phrases commonly used at Microsoft, has been documented in informal lexicon written by workers and is available on the Web (cinepad.com/mslex.htm); excerpts; photo (M)
* Norman Lehman, group creative director at Draft Worldwide Canada, Toronto, part of the Draft Worldwide unit of the Interpublic Group of Companies, was named president, succeeding Irvin Lebovits, who left.
Monsanto will have to wait at least three more months to for the approval of the European Union to be finalized.
Blaster, computer virus spreading across Internet, is aimed at high-speed Internet users in most recent Microsoft operating systems; patch is available (S)
Jean-Jacques Gomez, a judge in Paris, dismissed Yahoo's defenses, and gave the company three months to find ways to prevent Web users in this country from gaining access to Web sites through Yahoo's American portal, www.yahoo.com, that sell Nazi paraphernalia like uniforms and weapons.
Procter's board immediately named Alan G. Lafley, a 23-year employee of the company, to succeed Durk I. Jager, the hard-charging executive who had vowed to shake up the company's staid culture and force managers to act in a more entrepreneurial style.
Mr. Kelleher -- whether dressed as Elvis, or astride a Harley-Davidson, or drinking his signature Wild Turkey bourbon -- has been the embodiment of the company's culture, to some a father figure.
Coca-Cola Flexes Muscle for a Blitz
Even a company as powerful as Microsoft cannot simply dictate whims.
As a result, Wal-Mart said, 70,000 new employees signed up for insurance for 2006, bringing the number covered by the company's plan to 638,000.
The technical challenge of devising a way to use the overscan space fell to David Nason, Pixel's vice president of research, a computer scientist who formerly worked for Microsoft.
And representatives of the Gap and Nordstrom said Amazon had requested that those companies not discuss their involvement in the site.
Rupert Murdoch, chairman of the News Corporation, is intent on moving ahead with the purchase, some analysts said, because it would strengthen his hand in a bid for General Motor's Hughes Electronics unit.
Executives of Oracle, the software company based in Redwood City, Calif., attributed the shortfall primarily to financial turmoil in Asian and Pacific markets, which had been a stronghold for the company, and to currency fluctuations against the dollar.
Mr. Swain no longer works for Boeing, although Ms. Koellner and Mr. Albaugh do.
Electronic Arts shares rose $1.94, or 4.9 percent, to $41.69.
Intel said today that its average selling prices declined, largely because Microsoft bought so many of Intel's older and less expensive microprocessor, the Pentium III, to power its new Xbox video-game console, which has sold 1.5 million units since its release in November.
Microsoft had made side deals with Comcast, Cox and even AT&T in the event the company decided to stay independent -- all to block what the software company considers its more important rival in broadband services: AOL Time Warner.
Disney, which was the first studio to put some TV shows (like ''Lost'' and ''Desperate Housewives'') on iTunes, is also expected to be the first to put some movies on Apple's online service, the people involved in the talks said.
Advertising column explores advertising in cyberspace; Pointcast Inc, an Internet company, has begun what it calls 'Internet broadcasting,' delivering customized news, weather forecasts, stock quotes, sports scores and advertising, directly into computer using Internet connection; its site is already challenging Netscape Communications Corp and Yahoo Inc as one of biggest earners of advertising dollars on the Web (M)
The change goes beyond an earlier proposal Mr. Weill made in a speech last month, in which he suggested that only options granted to the top five officers of Citigroup, as disclosed in the proxy statement, be counted as an expense.
He said that the Netscape shell technology would be based on a channel metaphor, a concept similar to one that Microsoft is working on to include in its next version of its Internet Explorer browser.
Mr. Maffei of Microsoft declined to say whether the company had bought back stock yesterday, saying it would stick to its practice of disclosing those figures quarterly.
But after the preliminary discussions and a more detailed analysis by NBC and Microsoft executives, they decided against going further.
General Motors Corp and United Automobile Workers union reach agreement on new, four-year labor contract that will give company's 143,200 factory workers annual raises of 3 percent plus adjustment for inflation; terms of agreement are similar to those with DaimlerChrysler; agreement might signal GM has turned corner in its frosty relations with union; last year, GM lost $2 billion because of 54-day strike, its 17th strike since 1993 (M)
Among his clients were General Motors, Chrysler, Motorola, Xerox and many hospitals.
Software war between Microsoft and Netscape escalates, as each company moves more aggressively onto the other's technological turf; Microsoft Corp plans to ship long-delayed fourth version of its Internet Explorer browser software, which links Internet to personal computer's hard disk so tightly that some industry executives and consumer advocates see troubling new questions about Microsoft's economic clout; Netscape hopes to blunt impact of Microsoft's rollout by demonstrating its own Web-to-PC integration software at upcoming industry trade show; program, called Aurora, is designed as component of Netscape's Communicator Web-browser software (M)
The banks have not spoken to WorldCom since Tuesday's disclosure, although Bank of America held a conference call yesterday for WorldCom's banks, executives close to the lenders said.
Berkshire had, as of the end of last year, an unrealized profit of $1.4 billion in Wells Fargo stock, for which it paid an average of about $76 a share.
MICROSOFT ON TRIAL: THE TESTIMONY  Correction:  November 9, 1998, Monday  An article in Business Day on Tuesday about the videotaped testimony of William H. Gates, chairman of the Microsoft Corporation, seen via the Internet, referred incompletely to his role in the evolution of the Net.
The $9.375 drop in Aetna's shares, to $69.50, was the second big decline in four months and suggested bigger problems at the company than had been perceived.
When Boeing started moving workers out of Renton in the early 1990s and office vacancies hit 40 percent, the city sought to escape the booms and busts of the aerospace industry.
1 maker of traditional switching gear, that is the main target of Cisco's new product; Cisco said yesterday that the virtual switch controller would give it inroads into an $8 billion chunk of Lucent's business.
Food industry is trying to offer healthier versions of popular foods without affecting taste; Linguagen Corp, biotechnology company that is conducting taste research, received patent in April for first molecular compound that will block bitter tastes in foods, beverages and some pharmaceuticals; compound, named adenosine 5'-monophosphate, or AMP, occurs naturally--it is found in human breast milk, among other places; compound blocks some of acidic tastes from being absorbed by tongue when added to certain foods; Coca-Cola Co, Kraft Foods and Solae Co, soy-foods concern owned by DuPont and Bunge Ltd, have each expressed interest in flavor and taste technology; Kraft and Solae are Linguagen clients; Coca-Cola has signed research deal with Senomyx; Linguagen's chief executive Shawn M Marcell comments; chart; photo (M)
Mr. Murdoch, who controls the News Corporation, has been discussing trading his shares in DirectTV to John C. Malone's company, Liberty Media, in return for Liberty's stock in Mr. Murdoch's company.
Delta Air Lines said yesterday that it would buy only Boeing jets for the next 20 years, and announced an initial order for 106 aircraft worth $6.7 billion.
Microsoft Says It Will Offer Virus Defense
But while Mr. Baratz said yesterday that he could not say whether Microsoft would endorse the new coalition, Brad Silverberg, the senior vice president in charge of Internet software at Microsoft, said the company first heard of the alliance only a few days ago and had not been asked  to join.
Motorola, based in Schaumburg, Ill., seems to have solved that problem.
The agency, which is cooperating with Eliot Spitzer, the New York State attorney general, in his inquiry into American International Group and General Re, a unit of Berkshire Hathaway, is still best known here for publishing reports on consumer-friendly products like home insurance.
New Deals Announced At Interpublic
There has been virtually no overlap in the provision of local telephone service from SBC in the West and Southwest, Verizon in the East, Qwest in the Midwest and BellSouth in the South.
Competitors like GlaxoSmithKline, the maker of Paxil, and Pfizer, which makes Zoloft, have each spent tens of millions of dollars for television and print ads promoting their antidepressants.
ConAgra's Missouri River campus is now plastered with banners that read, ''One company growing by nourishing lives and finding a better way today  one bite at a time.''
Mr. Lein, the manager at Autodesk who was extra helpful to Ms. Morse, says that just as she has, he, too, has had to resist entreaties from other high-technology companies.
With the acquisition, Whirlpool hopes to continue expanding in Latin America, while Vitro, the world's sixth-largest glass producer, continues to shed companies not directly related to glass production.
''There were issues with Moody's,'' she testified.
Even more than for designers like Armani and Hilfiger, athletic apparel companies that specialize in high-performance sports designs (Nike, Adidas, Puma and Speedo, among others) regard the Olympics as ''the global runway for sport and fashion,'' said Jordan Wand, the global director for Nike's advanced innovation team.
Beyond that, Mr. Stonecipher will have to prove whether, as an executive with a long background in the military industry, he has the skills to help Boeing battle its considerable competition in commercial aviation, namely Airbus, the European aviation consortium, which is on the verge of surpassing Boeing in unit sales to become the world's largest aerospace company.
Johnson & Johnson division that sells Tylenol dismisses Saatch & Saatchi from its remaining creative assignments just days after agency lost its longtime assignment to create campaigns for Tylenol products (S)
The Godfather has been seen as a test of Electronic Arts' creative vision.
Still, the new policy, which became effective in March, is in many ways a striking departure from Wal-Mart traditions.
As Bill Curry, an Amazon spokesman, said, his company ''either scans in the covers or gets the images from the publisher.''
And this was my first Apple: the machine that made me realize that the phrase ''new technology'' wasn't always a synonym for ''alien menace.''
Qwest Communications is expected to raise bid for MCI to $8.45 billion in latest attempt to wrest control from Verizon; does not strengthen hedging agreement that would protect MCI shareholders against decline in Qwest shares (M)
''If you compare the phones with Java installed to Microsoft's Smart Phone software, there's a tremendous disparity,'' said Alan Reiter, publisher of Wireless Internet and Mobile Computing, in Chevy Chase, Md.
Many of the MMS-MMS stores offer something that Apple doesn't: subscription plans.
The company's corporate newsletter, Micro News, ran a story on it, and it was posted on Microsoft's company Web site in all its irreverence -- around the time that the company, Mr. Barnes said, began creating a similar list of its own.
In a performance that many on Wall Street took as a disappointment, Wal-Mart Stores said yesterday that its earnings for the third quarter fell a penny short of analysts' estimates.
While the earnings gain was a welcome surprise, industry analysts said, questions remain about Apple's revenue growth.
On Wall Street, meanwhile, Merrill Lynch upgraded its ratings for the seven regional Bell companies and GTE as a result of the legislative changes, while downgrading the AT&T's stock.
Compaq Computer and Intuit, a leading producer of personal-finance software, said they had signed a two-year agreement expected to generate $60 million in revenue for the two companies.
Motorola Inc agrees to scrap its $12.9 billion plan to build satellite network capable of delivering high-speed data communications and instead joins rival but equally ambitious project to build an 'Internet in the sky'; Motorola will invest about $750 million in exchange for 26 percent of project, Teledesic LLC, which was founded by Microsoft Corp's chairman William H Gates and Craig O McCaw, cellular phone pioneer who sold his company to AT&T in 1993 for $12.6 billion; Motorola rejects Boeing Co to become Teledesic's prime contractor; Teledesic says Boeing will remain important participant in project but it is clear that Motorola has become its main partner; Matra Marconi Space, joint venture of General Electric Co of Britain and Groupe Lagardere of France, also agrees to take part in project (M)
At this store, only 18 of the 172 ''associates'' are full-time employees, a major step toward Wal-Mart's 2007 goal of introducing Japan to its bare-bones motto, ''Every Day Low Prices.''
Cover Girl, which is owned by the consumer products giant Procter & Gamble, has neither paid the publisher nor the book's authors, Sean Stewart and Jordan Weisman, for the privilege of having their makeup showcased in the novel.
Chevron closed at $57.30.
That is partly because New Orleans represents only a small portion of Entergy's overall revenues -- about 7 percent -- and an even smaller share of earnings.
Media; Time and Fortune play catch up -- ever so carefully -- on the AOL-Time Warner deal.
At the news conference, AT&T executives cited statistics that showed how India lagged behind other Asian nations in telephone service.
Akamai asks content providers, ''Are you willing to pay to have your site perceived better by the consumer?''
Even Mary Meeker, Morgan Stanley's celebrated Internet analyst, was roused for an early Saturday morning meeting, one executive said, at the New York apartment of Joseph Perella, head of Morgan's investment banking, where she was told about the deal in preparation for a presentation to Time Warner's board the next day.
British Petroleum PLC announces that it will acquire American oil giant Amoco for $48.2 billion in stock in largest oil industry merger ever; deal would be largest takeover of American company by foreign concern if it is approved by regulators and shareholders of both companies; BP Amoco, as company is to be known, would be world's third-largest multinational oil company in terms of net income after Exxon Corp and Royal Dutch/Shell Group; Amoco and BP say that Chicago will be headquarters for new company's North American operations; BP chief exec Sir John Browne will head new company; photo of Browne, BP chmn Peter D Sutherland and Amoco chmn H Laurance Fuller (M)
The Indian subsidiary of the Coca-Cola Company is planning an expansion into the country's ready-to-drink coffee and tea market.
Sean Mahoney, a spokesman for Micron, said his company was still conducting its due-diligence review of Hynix and had not yet decided whether to complete a deal with Hynix.
Apple to Spin Off Newton Unit As Wholly Owned Subsidiary
In 1997, Xerox hired G. Richard Thoman away from I.B.M.
It is a variation of a proposal first offered last month by Senator Warner, who had been critical of the Air Force-Boeing lease plan.
Morgan Stanley shares fell 3.4 percent yesterday, or $1.87, to $53.61.
Under the guidance of Eric B. Kim, Intel's senior vice president and a former marketing executive for Samsung Electronics, the company is poised to recast itself as a warm and fuzzy consumer company.
But taking every case to trial also has risks, as Merck discovered last week when a jury found it liable for the death of a Texas man and ordered it to pay millions in the first Vioxx case to reach trial.
Interval's original vision was to emulate the pioneering tradition of Xerox's legendary Palo Alto Research Center, known as PARC, a hotbed of computer innovation in the 1970's.
Many of the Verizon directors who are on its compensation committee have also met Mr. Seidenberg at board meetings of other public companies.
The board of the biotechnology company ImClone Systems met yesterday to consider a demand from Bristol-Myers Squibb that it drastically alter the terms of their $2 billion partnership to develop and market a cancer drug.
Microsoft's Legal Problems Grow As States Join in Antitrust Effort
Broadcom fired a return salvo at Intel yesterday, filing suit to block Intel, the world's largest chip maker, from selling products that Broadcom says are linked to theft of its trade secrets.
With respect to OEM's, Microsoft's campaign proceeded on three fronts.
indicated that it wanted to remain a sponsor of the Masters before the Augusta National Golf Club's decision last Friday to cut out the tournament's advertisers in 2003, according to a letter from I.B.M.
Company officials declined to say whether Amazon.com planned to offer DVD rentals, similar to NetFlix and Blockbuster, as many analysts have speculated.
PC Makers Cool to Microsoft's Push for WebTV
A. Alfred Taubman's shopping mall empire, Taubman Centers, rejected a hostile $1.5 billion takeover bid from the Simon Property Group yesterday, calling the offer ''inadequate, opportunistic and clearly not in the best interests'' of Taubman shareholders.
They added that the move was consistent with General Electric's move to increase the service business of the equipment that it makes, from locomotives to power systems to jet engines.
It is part of Fifth Third Bancorp, which imbues its affiliate banks in the Midwest, Florida and Arizona with a go-for-it, hit-the-ground-running culture, fueled by an array of bonuses, awards and other incentives, that makes it the envy of the banking world.
Several one-time expenses, including a $36 million expense related to a company that had sold apartment coverage on behalf of Aon, hurt earnings.
Times Co. and Amazon Settle a Legal Dispute
New York Stock Exchange's acquisition of Archipelago that would create NYSE Group has set off battle that lays bare deep fault lines and competitive resentments that fuel today's Wall Street; at stake is future of exchange and how stocks will be traded on it; Kenneth G Langone, brash, self-made billionaire and former director of NYSE and vocal defender of former NYSE chairman Richard A Grasso, wants to scuttle deal cut by exchange and is trying to organize bid supported by Wall Street firms; his campaign receives boost, when John J Mack, former president of Morgan Stanley and chief executive of Credit Suisse First Boston, is named point man for group's effort; group holds its first meeting, with top executives from Lehman Brothers, J P Morgan and Merrill Lynch attending; underlying doubts about exchange's merger with Archipelago is idea that Goldman Sachs, in brokering deal, magnified, unjustly, its influence as most influential investment bank on Wall Street; photos (M)
The Labor Department announced yesterday that the Boeing Company had agreed to cooperate with its investigation into charges of racial discrimination at several Boeing operations, partly resolving an unusual confrontation between the Government and the company.
With that reprieve, AT&T regained some leverage in its talks with AOL, but Mr. Malone may have worried that the Liberty spinoff would fall off of AT&T's front burner.
Because Sprint is much smaller than AT&T, the Sprint alliance has not created such controversy.
''The issues facing the insurance industry and health care industry are complicated long-term issues, and someone of Jack's stature can only be positive for Aetna.''
The Internet service will begin in March for the estimated 16 million to 20 million AT&T phone customers who have a personal computer and a modem.
So it is with considerable interest in the retail industry that Gap Inc., the nation's largest chain of clothing stores, chose the Palisades Center to introduce a new chain yesterday aimed at that unwieldy and indefinable category known as grown-ups.
The warning about Vista comes a day before Microsoft's top lawyers gather with regulators and rivals at a Brussels hearing about the company's compliance with the 2004 ruling.
That is the issue in the Government's current case against Microsoft, in which the company is being sued for forcing PC makers to load Microsoft Internet Explorer browser as a condition of licensing its Windows operating system.
Microsoft is appealing both Judge Jackson's ruling and his breakup order.
Microsoft should be particularly concerned about its image among information technology professionals, according to Techtel Inc.
''I'm going to go after some of those others and say 'See, Wal-Mart did this, why don't you?'''
Yesterday's gloomy forecast from AT&T confirmed that relief was not yet at hand.
Since 1997, Newport News and General Dynamics have evenly split the work on submarines.
Yesterday, Exxon reported earnings of $1.82 billion, or 74 cents a share, up 17 percent from $1.56 billion, or 62 cents a share, in the quarter a year earlier.
So far, Boeing has played down the impact of Asia's financial troubles, saying that it has seen only a slight decline in demand from the region.
There is always the possibility, of course, that rather than offering more shares of Comcast, Mr. Roberts and his team could add cash to the bid.
But last November, when Blockbuster lowered its price to $17.49 a month, Netflix dropped its price to $17.99, and Wal-Mart to $17.36.
Ending the federal program, said Douglas Durst, the New York developer who has two projects under construction in Manhattan, including the 51-story Bank of America tower on 42nd Street and the Avenue of the Americas, ''would seriously impact our ability to go forward with our new buildings.''
standpoint,'' said CVS's chief financial officer, David B. Rickard.
''We're seeing no turnaround in terms of orders,'' John Chambers, the chief executive of Cisco, a networking company, said at an investment conference sponsored by Merrill Lynch.
I.B.M.
On Tuesday and Wednesday, more than 1,000 journalists, retailers and game industry executives at Microsoft's X05 game show here had the first public opportunity to play the games that will provide the 360's foundation.
Shares of Intel closed down $2.94, at $31.44 today, and slipped another 6 cents in trading after the market had closed.
Toys ''R'' Us also objects in the lawsuit to Amazon's use of paid search listings from Google on many of its pages.
The hybrid gasoline-electric version of the Ford Motor Company's Escape sport utility vehicle will not reach showrooms until October, a top executive said Thursday, delaying its release another month.
Priceline.com Is Selling a $190 Million Stake to Two Investors
It was still unclear yesterday whether Xerox's problems were specific to the company, or a sign of a general malaise in the industry.
The drug, clopidogrel, which Bristol-Myers Squibb and Sanofi-Synthelabo make as Plavix, is often prescribed for two to four weeks to prevent formation of clots in newly opened arteries.
Earlier this year, Philips Semiconductors, a unit of Royal Philips Electronics of the Netherlands, introduced a new line of digital signal processors aimed at extending Philips's position as the leading supplier of microchips to the car entertainment market -- a market that is one of the few segments of automotive electronics where Motorola is not the leading chip supplier.
National Transportation Safety Board investigators say initial problem that Alaska Airlines crew had with horizontal stabilizer does not appear to be what sent jetliner plunging into Pacific Ocean; say in second dive jet fell out of sky so fast that people on board were pushed toward ceiling at three times normal force of gravity; say radar shows that some parts might have fallen off plane at about time it began its second dive (M)
AT&T provides its long-distance customers with up to five hours of free on-line access a month; it charges $20 a month for unlimited use.
Separately, two years ago, Yahoo began charging sites $199 to be reviewed quickly by its editors for possible inclusion in its directory, rather than waiting in a six-month-long queue for an editor to look at the site with no charge.
Micron Electronics Inc. in Nampa, Idaho, is introducing a commercial that is to appear first on the Internet and then on television.
Market Place column on Procter & Gamble plan to weigh selling Jif and Crisco brands, latest signal by chief executive A G Lafley that he is willing to jettison some of Procter's oldest brands in effort to streamline company; analysts call move part of company's retreat from food business; predict further diverstitures (M)
Coca-Cola Co's latest annual report details troubles with its global bottling system in 1999; report shows Coke lost $184 million on investments in its bottlers; in 1998, Coke earned $32 million on those investments; Coke is continuing to make hefty payments to its largest bottler, Coca-Cola Enterprises, of which Coke owns 42 percent (M)
I.B.M.
Yet with its broad reach in selling computers, software and services, I.B.M.
One can hope that now this deal is over, Humana and United Healthcare will get back to blocking and tackling, concentrating on the fundamentals of the business.''
Amazon.com reportedly plans to open online apparel store this summer or in early fall to fill in hole in its product mix; has been seeking big retailers and smaller accessories companies to sell their goods through Amazon's site in sort of online mall; formula would be departure for Amazon, which until now has alloted space within given category to single merchant; photo (M)
''But if we had licensed our technology to Microsoft and stepped aside, the best we could have hoped for was becoming a company with sales of $100 million or so and hoping to be bought out by Microsoft,'' said Mr. Clark, a former computer scientist at Stanford University who founded Silicon Graphics Inc., a computer graphics pioneer, before starting Netscape.
Wyse Is Selected By Sherwin-Williams
Also yesterday, Amazon became the first technology company to announce that it would begin to take a charge against its earnings related to the cost of employee stock options.
Democratic convention in Boston will showcase latest telecommunications technology, from cellphones to fiber-optic networks, to serve delegates, executives, reporters and lobbyists; Verizon has laid 4,000 miles of cable in and around Fleet Center, where Democrats will meet, installed 1,000 high-speed data lines and set up five miniswitching stations to route calls; has prepared 10,000 phone lines and even created new exchange--366--just for convention; will also supply Republican convention in New York in August; photo (M)
From a financial perspective, however, Electronic Arts remains the unchallenged market leader, controlling around 25 percent of game sales for the major video game consoles, PlayStation 2, Xbox and GameCube.
The success Deutsch achieved with rule-breaking work for marketers like DirecTV, Tommy Hilfiger, Mitsubishi, Revlon and Snapple drew the attention of the acquisitive leaders of Interpublic and the rest of the world's giant agency companies.
In the last two months, the Maryland Legislature has passed a law that would force Wal-Mart to expand its benefits, and a dozen other states, including California, Colorado and Rhode Island, are considering similar bills.
Apple Reports Sharp Climb In Both Sales and Earnings
Soft talk notwithstanding, Microsoft is carrying a big stick as it takes on Google and the No.2 search site, Yahoo.
Investors regard the Ford Motor Company as the weakest among Big Three auto companies, and analysts said they did not sense much urgency in its overhaul efforts.
The realignment, analysts said, reflected the need to refine Microsoft's management structure, as it now has 50,000 employees and its product offerings range from the Xbox game machine to the software that runs large corporate data centers.
Shares of Microsoft fell 24 cents Thursday, to $24.89.
''I.B.M.
''We want General Electric to offer all consumers the same opportunity,'' he said.
But many bankers fear that Wal-Mart will eventually open traditional consumer banks that accept deposits and dispense loans.
This week, with just over a month left in office, Mario Monti, Europe's antitrust chief, faces a crucial test of his rulings against MCI and Microsoft.
Since stepping down as chief executive of Citigroup, the nation's largest bank, two years ago, he has been forced to watch from the sidelines as the financial services empire he painstakingly built over two decades has been slowly dismantled.
Dr Lester M Crawford, acting commissioner of Food and Drug Administration, says top federal drug reviewers immediately recognized importance of study showing cardiovascular risks of painkiller Vioxx; releases statement ahead of Senate hearing and in response to criticism that his agency tried to stifle conclusions of one of its own drug safety experts that Vioxx was unsafe; also backs away from statements last week by agency officials that Dr Curt Furberg, professor of public health sciences at Wake Forest University, had been removed from advisory committee because he publicly questioned safety of Bextra, drug in same class as Vioxx, called COX-2 inhibitors; advisory committee is scheduled to meet early next year to discuss safety of Pfizer's Celebrex and Bextra, painkilled that are also COX-2 drugs; key witness at Senate hearing will be Dr David Graham, FDA safety reviewer who co-authored study critical of Vioxx and then complained in e-mail messages that his supervisors denigrated his conclusions (M)
Raytheon Corp reduces its forecasts again, sending shares plunging 43 percent after delayed opening on New York Stock Exchange; says sales will grow 3 percent this year and next, half its earlier forecast; also says profit margins at its Raytheon Systems Corp unit, which accounts for three-quarters of its revenue, will be about 12 percent instead of expected 15 percent; chairman Daniel P Burnham comments on forecast; says aggressive acquisition strategy might have stretched company's management team beyond its limits (M)
Southern, which acquired a 26 percent stake in the Berlin utility Bewag in 1997, wants to buy majority control and then have Bewag acquire control of VEAG as well.
The change is intended to eliminate layers of bureaucracy and the number of people visiting a dealer, since 65 percent of General Motors sales are made by dealers who have more than one G.M.
Three days into his new life as a literary agent, Laurence J. Kirshbaum, the former chairman and chief executive of the Time Warner Book Group, admits he is not yet an expert on the agent business.
But there are persistent submissions that the staff has chosen to ignore, said the editor of Ask Yahoo, Nancy Hubbard.
Cisco's shares had dropped earlier in the week after an article in Barron's questioned the company's high valuation and acquisition strategy.
Courtyard by Marriott II is made up of 70 of the hotels.
Shares of Halliburton fell by more than 40 percent in one day in December 2001, to $12 from $20.85, on investors' fears of asbestos liability.
Today Microsoft and senior Justice Department officials engaged with a mediator in shuttle diplomacy, vigorously pressing the states to adopt the agreement, people involved in the case said.
Besides being a widely recognized brand, Egg will give Citigroup a stronger foothold for expansion.
Boeing also said it would issue its next round of 60-day notices to 660 workers today.
Still, no matter what one thinks of Microsoft's market power, most of them also said that having a dominant technology -- instead of a handful of competing operating systems -- has helped fuel the growth of the industry and drive down prices as consumers, software developers and hardware manufacturers gain the efficiency of working with a single standard.
"In November of last year, for the first time in our history, the business volume of 800-class telephone calls exceeded standard business," Mr. Petrillo, AT&T's president of business communication services, said.
Beginning this summer, Target plans to rely more heavily on Amazon to conduct the transactions, ship products and handle customer service inquiries.
In March, Intel said it would try to save by eliminating 5,000 jobs by the end of the year through attrition.
Stanley Works said today that its shareholders had approved by the thinnest of margins its proposal to become a Bermuda company, but employees and retirees contested the outcome and said managers had misled them about how millions of votes would be counted.
New president of CBS News Sean McManus announces that he expects to name new anchor to replace Dan Rather on CBS Evening News within year; says show will have solo anchor rather than team and that person selected will come from outside CBS; will not comment on whether Katie Couric, host of NBC's Today show, is leading candidate for spot (M)
''This is one of the few growth markets in retailing,'' said Howard F. Ward, who manages the Gabelli Growth Fund, which holds 760,000 Home Depot shares.
Twenty-nine companies, including American Express, CommerceOne, Compaq, Merrill Lynch and Sun Microsystems, will initially endorse the proposal, to be named the Universal Description, Discovery and Integration project, or UDDI.
''Interpublic agencies have had an unfortunate spotlight on them, but deservedly so,'' said Donny Deutsch, chairman and chief executive at Deutsch.
Microsoft would then be officially informed of the fine and sent a summary of the ruling by fax, shortly before Mario Monti, the competition commissioner, holds a news conference to announce the decision.
He mothballed plants, sold businesses and pared Corning's work force to 20,000 employees from 44,000.
Lost in all the clamor about I.B.M.
Even though Pfizer spends more than $7 billion annually on research, analysts say its drug pipeline seems weak.
In addition to  475 headquarters jobs eliminated earlier this year as part of that deal, Aetna has also announced the demise of 1,700 jobs processing claims for the Federal Medicare insurance program, and 500 more in health technology.
A former Finance Minister, Domingo Cavallo, bolstered that theory when he testified recently before a federal judge investigating the case that the President's chief of staff, Alberto Kohan, had pushed hard for the $250 million contract to go to I.B.M.
Atomstroyexport is building seven nuclear reactors -- in Iran, China, Bulgaria and India -- more reactors, it claims, than any competitor, particularly Westinghouse and General Electric of the United States, Siemens of Germany or Areva of France.
Cintas has a strict dress code for its 30,000 workers, fights off union organizing efforts with unusual vigor, and spreads Mr. Farmer's idiosyncratic management gospel through company seminars and a hardcover book, ''The Spirit Is the Difference.''
Microsoft Settles Suit With Bristol Technology
In a kind of Catch-22, the depressed price is, in turn, making it harder for Boston Scientific to make any bold move to change Wall Street's thinking about the company's near-term growth prospects.
The Bronx borough president, Adolfo Carrión Jr., confirmed, however, that Target was the anchor.
In November, Thomas Freston, Viacom's chief, reached outside the company to fill the No.
In what is sure to become fodder for shareholder groups who oppose frequent mergers, McKesson HBOC Inc., the nation's largest drug wholesaler, announced yesterday that it would restate earnings for the last four quarters after discovering improperly recorded sales from its recently acquired software business.
State Street said it would track more than $14 trillion in assets once the transaction was closed.
While analysts had been speculating that Comcast might be willing to bid for the Walt Disney Company in a year or so after it had integrated the AT&T cable systems it acquired in November and paid more of its debt, one person close to the situation said that the acquisition of Vivendi Universal Entertainment could make more sense.
Rivals were outflanking the company in the long-distance market; AT&T Wireless was plagued by service problems; and AT&T had entered and exited the cable television business at great expense.
But Intel's gross margins continued to decline during the quarter, and they show no sign of improving next quarter.
CVS and Caremark cast their $20.8 billion deal as merger of equals that would enable them and their investors to take better advantage of upheavals in prescription drug business; Wall Street is not sure and both companies' stocks are down; CVS and Caremark discuss further details of merger in conference call after market closes that some analysts say might assuage many of investor concerns and could enable companies' stocks rebound somewhat; many analysts make strategic sense (M)
''We don't have any comment or worries about this one,'' a Wal-Mart spokeswoman, Mona Williams, said yesterday in an e-mail message.
And yesterday, Gateway demonstrated the result of its new freedoms -- including the ability to offer users an equal choice between Microsoft's Internet Explorer software for browsing the Internet or the rival Navigator from the Netscape Communications Corporation.
The device, due out later this month, uses the Microsoft Windows CE operating system and includes Windows Media Player.
Microsoft is unquestionably a beneficiary of the Internet, analysts agree.
Home Depot said in a statement that the products would be reviewed by an independent board to ensure that they met AARP standards.
The identifying characteristics of the thousands of viruses and their cures, called definitions, are kept on a database that is shipped to Symantec customers every week, Mr. Weafer said.
American Express will print euro-denominated traveler's checks in time for sales to start on Jan 1, 1999, beginning of European Monetary Union; while euro becomes official currency of 11-nation euro-zone next Jan 1, national currency exchange rates fixed to euro, circulation of euro notes and coins will not begin until Jan 1, 2002; survey conducted among corporate travel managers by National Business Travel Association finds that 63 percent of those surveyed had been affected by strike at Northwest Airlines, but more than 77 percent rebooked on other major carriers in anticipation of strike; over next three months United Airlines plans to extend its electronic ticketing service to 7 nations, bringing to 12 the number of foreign countries using United E-mail (Business Travel column) (M)
Microsoft has countered that Judge Jackson committed a raft of procedural and substantive errors and that he was biased against it.
Last month, BCE, Canada's largest telephone company, said it would purchase $154 million in equipment from Cisco to upgrade its network for Internet-based phone calls.
"A.T.& T. has always benefited from confusion in the marketplace," said Daniel Briere, president of Tele-Choice Inc., a consulting firm in Verona, N.J. "Because when you're confused you tend to stay put."
Anatel has given Brasil Telecom until tomorrow to clarify Citigroup's role after various media reports raised questions about it, she said.
's domination of the mainframe industry in the 1980's and Microsoft's position in personal computer operating systems today.
Acquisitions are rare for Boeing, but since being named chief executive in April, Mr. Condit has made two that will transform the company: the purchase of the Rockwell International Corporation's military and space division for $3.2 billion, announced Aug. 1, and the $13.3 billion deal for McDonnell.
Shares of AT&T rose 25 cents yesterday, to $52, on the New York Stock Exchange.
Wall Street executives continued to receive big paychecks in 2003 despite investor outrage; Citigroup's chief executive Sanford I Weill and Merrill Lynch's chief E Stanley O'Neal collected their biggest paychecks ever in 2003--$44 million and $28 million; Bear Stearns' head James E Cayne received three times as much in stock options as he did year before, receiving $27 million last year compared with $19.6 million in 2002; companies that reduced pay of their chief executives despite healthy performances included MetLife, American Express and MBNA Corp; American Express paid chief executive Kenneth I Chenault 18 percent less in 2003 than in 2002, despite 36 percent rise in its share price; J P Morgan Chase's chief William B Harrison and Goldman Sachs Group's head Henry M Paulson Jr each received $20 million in 2003; graph; photos (M)
(Microsoft officially releases its Windows XP Tablet PC Edition on Nov.
McDonald's has been experimenting with new foods like a salad topped with hot slices of grilled or crispy chicken that is scheduled to go on sale nationally in March.
3 Interpublic Agencies Are Michelin Finalists
Indeed, Airbus operates in the same global economy as Boeing, yet it appears to be suffering far less.
''This product hits the high-end of each of those market segments,'' observed Ronald Kilpatrick, the general manager of I.B.M.
Waste Management, which serves 950,000 commercial customers and 12 million residences, has been organized into 250 semiautonomous divisions reporting to nine area organizations.
While it would smartly reduce Mattel's reliance on a few large customers, the push to diversify Mattel's distribution further threatens to strain relationships with some of its most important customers, according to two executives at retail chains.
Profits were rising a predictable 15 percent a year, and shares in companies like P.& G., H. J. Heinz, Kimberly-Clark and Coca-Cola were outpacing the overall market's gains by three to one.
Home Depot's annual meeting, scheduled for May 24, will strike warmer, inviting tone than last year's meeting with members of board in prominent attendance and company's folksy new chief executive Frank Blake fielding dozens of shareholder questions; Blake will purposefully distance himself from his predecessor, Robert L Nardelli, by reviewing state of chain's business, acknowledging problems it faces and laying out his vision for chain's future; photo (M)
There is a parallel in the personal computer industry, where those who seek to compete with systems that Microsoft uses in its operating system must use the same operating system and can hope to be price-competitive only as a result of government intervention.
The new combined service is meant to be offered at prices lower than the $45 a month Time Warner and most other cable companies have been charging.
Mr. Otellini said Intel planned to ship at least one million of the processors within two months, giving computer makers the opportunity to sell PC's with the chips during the holiday shopping season.
The company was also barred from bidding on $1 billion in Air Force rocket launching contracts after Boeing employees were found to have stolen thousands of proprietary documents from a rival, the Lockheed Martin Corporation.
In return, CBS would procure the services of a television pro, a longtime crowd favorite -- Ms. Couric's middle name seems to be ''perky'' in news accounts -- and a huge burst of publicity.
EBay, the online auction place, found how unforgiving bidders can be.
Sun's challenge, based on the Linux alternative to Windows-based software, is a daunting one, according to industry analysts, because Microsoft's Office suite of word-processing, spreadsheet and other software applications is pervasive in the corporate computing world.
The General Motors Acceptance Corporation and Ford Credit limit dealer markups to 2.5 percentage points for loans up to five years, and 2 percentage points for longer loans.
Chevron might have regained the upper hand by getting Unocal to accept its sweetened bid against a higher offer from Cnooc, the government-backed Chinese oil company.
Merck said its profit for all of 2005 would be $2.47 to $2.51 a share, excluding a one-time charge of 29 cents a share for repatriating $15 billion in profits the company had sheltered in tax havens overseas.
Eight executives at the meeting, including the present chairman and chief executive and his two immediate predecessors, said they would relinquish more than 1.2 million stock options, with an unspecified amount earmarked to reward employees at lower levels at the agencies owned by Interpublic.
But Comcast figures that they will pay a monthly fee instead, in return for the hardware, software, an even faster connection and a visit by an installer who will set up the networks.
To catch up, Microsoft is also stepping up capital spending as it invests aggressively to build data centers worldwide.
Officials said Boeing's offering, an adaptation of its F-15 fighter known as the F-15K, would be easier and quicker to tailor to Korean requirements than Dassault's Rafale jet.
''The problem the old AT&T faced was that it was carrying so much baggage,'' said Robert Passikoff, president of Brand Keys in New York, a customer loyalty and brand consultancy.
In some cases, however, the premium was not much larger than that in Comcast's offer for Disney.
Former New York Stock Exchange director Kenneth G Langone reportedly seeks support from handful of Wall Street executives to launch rival bid for exchange, which has agreed to buy electronic trading firm Archipelago and become public company; reportedly is angry at how Goldman Sachs orchestrated deal, questioning role of NYSE chief executive John A Thain, former Goldman Sachs president; photos (M)
After reigning atop the global auto industry since the depths of the Depression in the 1930's, General Motors may finally cede its spot next year to Toyota.
Because his predecessor was unable to reverse slumping sales, Mr. Cantalupo has focused much of his efforts since then on rebuilding the McDonald's brand.
Now Ms. Ferlisi will claim the limelight for herself: as designer of a new sportswear collection for Gap.
That grant, approved in December 2001, was ultimately reported to have been made at an Apple board meeting that October -- a session that never took place.
Richard Doherty, an independent analyst with the Envisioneering Group, a consulting firm based in Seaford, N.Y., said Microsoft's argument about the size of the server market was correct.
In a strong market for consumer stocks yesterday, shares of Procter rose $2.1875, to $59.25.
A Researcher For Microsoft Is Reported Missing at Sea
Prof. Carl Shapiro, an economist who served as the expert witness for nine states seeking broader regulations of Microsoft's business practices, spelled out for the first time in the current hearing the economic rationale behind several of the states' proposals.
Wal-Mart Stores, country's largest seller of movies, will begin testing video download service on its Web site beginning in 2007; does not reveal partners, but media executives involved in deal say that all major studios are either on board or in active talks with retailer; Hewlett-Packard Co is providing technology for download site; BitTorrent, Internet company that once enabled unauthorized video file-sharing, is set to announce it has struck distribution deals with eight media partners, including 20th Century Fox, Paramount and MTV Networks; company will be selling TV shows and movies beginning in February through its Web site (M)
In the opposite corner in philosophy and business model is Starbucks, which now has roughly 2,100 Wi-Fi-equipped locations providing access through a subscription arrangement with T-Mobile.
Still, to Ms. Bostrom of Cisco, the silver lining in the current economic clouds is the recognition that in both good times and bad, ''the Internet allows the fast to beat the slow.''
Web Group Backs Microsoft in Patent Suit
The investigation, conducted by the Manhattan law firm of Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison, found that there was ''no satisfactory explanation'' for why Morgan Stanley failed to keep the Manhattan District Attorney's office informed about developments in the Curry case.
Google is continuing to extend its lead in users and revenue from Web search, while Yahoo's attempt to compete is foundering.
Oracle denies META Group warning that it might try to charge big corporate customers added fees for database software they have already bought; holds META misinterpreted for clients contract provision on how to count number of data streams company feeds into Oracle database; notes it earlier told META that it would not levy added fees based on misunderstanding (M)
While the ad will appear on Time Warner's CNN, as well as NBC Universal's MSNBC and Bravo, it will not appear on Fox News, a division of the News Corporation whose chairman and chief executive is Rupert Murdoch.
Matthew J. Bannick, who most recently ran eBay's global philanthropy, will become the managing partner of the Omidyar Network, which handles Mr. Omidyar's charitable gifts as well as investments in businesses that have social welfare goals, like Prosper, an online lender.
The agreement came as a federal judge was preparing to rule on how much I.B.M.
''I've never participated on a board that was more fully informed,'' said Mr. Condit, a longtime executive who personally oversaw Boeing's merger with McDonnell Douglas.
''Those two growth levers just didn't deliver for us,'' said Harry Kavetas, Kodak's chief financial officer.
General Motors Corp is still negotiating with creditors of bankrupt Daewoo Motors and says it knows nothing about deadline for reaching agreement to acquire company by Aug 31 (S)
But, fearing that CSX and Norfolk Southern overpaid for Conrail, Mr. Rastatter's association negotiated an agreement with the railroads to control rates and see that Union Pacific's problems are not repeated.
Propelled by strong growth in its superstores and international operations, Wal-Mart Stores reported another year of record sales and profits yesterday.
So I rushed to eBay to list the cargo cover (actually, I listed two cargo covers that belonged to two different cars I no longer had; what are the odds?
Andrew B. Myers, a spokesman for AT&T in New York, said Y.& R.'s excellent presentation and experience in Latin America and Asia were crucial.
The department also informed Microsoft that, in light of the Court of Appeals opinion and the need for prompt, effective and certain relief, the department will not seek a breakup of the company into separate operating systems and applications businesses, as previously had been ordered by the court.
New version of Microsoft Word offers ability to see some formatting commands in documents; photo (M)
Not only does Ciena face continuing competition from the major equipment companies that are more deeply entrenched with the biggest carriers, but giant newcomers like Cisco Systems are elbowing into some of its markets.
Unnerved by the Ford Motor Company's decision last week to abandon a takeover of the ailing Daewoo Motor Company, investors sold off South Korean securities today, pulling the stock market here to an 18-month low.
FEDEX -- This commercial celebrated the dedication of FedEx employees with a dead-on parody of the 2000 film ''Cast Away,'' showing a worker rescued from a desert island delivering a package that would have changed his life had he bothered to open it.
GENERAL MOTORS -- The nation's largest corporation, G.M.
Amazon's site is set up to discourage phone calls.
But pressure on the remaining defendants has increased as companies, including Honeywell International, have dropped out.
Halliburton in particular has been the focus of much criticism because its contract to make emergency repairs to Iraq's oil industry was awarded by the Pentagon without competition and the industry remains hobbled, mainly by sabotage and looting, months after the main fighting of the war was declared over.
In Verizon's case, speeds on the slower network, called NationalAccess, are 60 to 80 kilobits a second for both downloading and uploading, according to a Verizon spokeswoman.
In that respect, supporting Linux helps to undermine I.B.M.
The nation's second-largest cable operator has initiated talks with the four biggest broadcast networks -- CBS, ABC, Fox and NBC -- about testing a service that would give viewers access to top programs, as rated by Nielsen Media Research, soon after their broadcast.
The reason illustrates the challenges Boeing faces as it tries to right itself and compete against Airbus Industrie, the European consortium, after two disastrous years in which its commercial airplane division wrote off $4 billion and missed out on the biggest aviation-industry boom in history.
''This is not just Microsoft's problem.''
Mr. Thomas figures that at best, I.B.M.
Until now, the battle over the market for Internet viewing of multimedia presentations has largely been between Microsoft, which has built many of the most popular formats into its Windows Media Player, and Real Networks, maker of the Realplayer streaming software.
Now that the computer business is about convincing people who already have PC's to buy new ones (rather than their first one), Microsoft executives say they have realized that emphasizing games is a great way to do that.
General Motors said on Thursday that its future health care obligation for retirees rose last year to $63.4 billion, from $57 billion in 2002.
In the past, Yahoo has seen itself as a neutral aggregator of information from the widest range of sources rather than a partner with this sort of deeper and narrower alliance.
Questions Are Seen On Merck's Stance On Pain Drug's Use
Under the terms of their merger agreements with Global, both U S West and Frontier were barred from talking to Qwest unless Qwest's bids could reasonably be expected to be superior to Global's offers.
Amgen produces it using recombinant DNA, or gene-splicing, technology.
In a direct challenge to both the Microsoft Corporation and Real Networks Inc., Apple Computer today introduced a new version of its Quicktime multimedia software designed to permit computer users to receive video and audio programming over the Internet.
It is not entirely clear whether Liberty could make such a deal without AT&T's approval, and AT&T, or even the government, might object to Liberty's attempt to increase its holdings in News Corporation.
If Pfizer were to acquire Warner-Lambert, it would be by far the biggest drug company.
CNN, a unit of Turner Broadcasting System, will also provide the AT&T service with content from the CNN Financial Network, a new business program scheduled to begin broadcasting in late December.
Analysts note that where Kodak has taken American loyalty for granted, Fuji has actively courted Americans.
Confirming the bad news it had warned Wall Street about last month, the Coca-Cola Company reported its fourth-quarter earnings yesterday, which showed that the global soft-drink giant suffered significant declines in volume and revenue in many parts of the world.
Apple's engineers worked hard to help Mr. Gassee's fledgling company move the Be software to the Power Macintosh.
He was alluding not only to the 12.5 percent plunge in Intel's stock price that day on a gloomy earnings outlook issued the day before but also to the 3.75 percent decline in his company's shares, to $52.9375.
Spokesmen for J. P. Morgan Chase and Citigroup, which each say they are owed hundreds of millions of dollars by Enron, would not comment, citing confidentiality agreements with the creditors' committee.
Caremark said that combining with CVS would create an integrated health care product that would include mail-order and retail drug sales and ''personalized pharmaceutical and disease management services.''
Hitachi and Mitsubishi Electric said they hoped to pool their resources in a new venture, to be established some time in 2003, that will be able to challenge Intel, Micron, Motorola and Texas Instruments, the American companies that dominate the field.
This is ''approximately 75 percent less than the retail price of an average Pfizer prescription,'' the company said.
AT&T eventually bought voting control of the company by buying some rights held by Comcast and Cox Communications, another early cable investor.
Yahoo executives said Tuesday that new technology the company was developing to increase its advertising search revenue would soon be ready for a phased roll-out.
The Bell South Corporation in Atlanta said yesterday that it had awarded responsibilities for consolidated media buying on its account, with billings estimated at $150 million to $175 million, to the Atlanta office of Western International Media, which is owned by the Interpublic Group of Companies.
Among those who signed the recent pro-Bush newspaper advertisement, which praised the Republican Mr. Bush for ''creating an environment that stresses personal responsibility over government intervention, and innovation over regulation,'' were James Barksdale, founder of Netscape; Bob Herbold, chief operating officer of the Microsoft Corporation; Jeff Henley, chief financial officer of the Oracle Corporation, and Steve Behm, a vice president of Cisco Systems.
asked Mickey D. Levy, chief economist at Bank of America.
Analysts also say that I.B.M.
HarperCollins, the publishing unit of the News Corporation, did cancel a book by the last British governor in Hong Kong, Chris Patten, in 1998.
Eliot Spitzer, New York's attorney general, said in a statement that his state joined the lawsuit because, ''Without PeopleSoft in the market, Oracle would lose the incentive to offer lower prices, better services and more innovative products.''
It is too soon to tell whether I.B.M.
Microsoft once had visions of becoming a media company.
Shares of FedEx closed at $69, down 94 cents.
Ford Motor is planning this week to make major realignments among the agencies handling its European assignments and brands.
Gary C. Kelly, Southwest's chief executive, said at a shareholders meeting last week that the airline, whose passengers now take seats on a first-come basis, was weighing the costs of adopting an assigned-seating system in 2008, as part of a reservations-technology overhaul now under way  Observing the 25th anniversary of their frequent-flier programs, both American Airlines and United Airlines are offering double miles for flights booked on their Web sites through May 31 for travel through Nov. 15  American Airlines opened its second Admirals Club lounge at Miami International Airport.
Among their clients are blue-chip names like Bristol-Myers Squibb, Citigroup, Coca-Cola, Home Depot, I.B.M.
''For with Vioxx, Merck and the F.D.A.
Among the benefits Caremark executives and directors will receive if the CVS deal goes through, the fund's lawsuit contends, are positions at the combined company and indemnification from penalties and fines that may result when criminal and regulatory investigations into possible stock option backdating by Caremark officials are concluded.
Correction of chart in Dec 15 Business Day with article about Mattel's plans to acquire Learning Co
SCO's total market value is about $111 million, nearly eight times that in February, before SCO sued I.B.M.
Charles H Bell, son of founder of General Mills who helped transform flour-milling company into international diversified food manufacturer, dies at age 95 (S)
Ebay founder Pierre Omidyar names Matthew J Bannick to head his personal philanthropy called Omidyar Network; Bannick succeeds Iqbal Paroo, who now will oversee Omidyar family's business interests (M)
The unionization drive has gained momentum because many workers are upset about layoffs at Amazon last January and about the sharp drop in the value of their stock options.
But the Microsoft lawsuit, they add, is an extraordinary case.
Indeed, the only extraordinary base salary it mentions is $5 million, for Mr. Greenhill, who started the mergers-and-acquisitions department at Morgan Stanley in 1972, later became its president and was later chairman of Smith Barney Shearson.
For the quarter ended July 31, the company's fourth, Cisco had net income of $1.38 billion, or 20 cents a share, up 41 percent from $982 million, or 14 cents a share, in the period a year earlier.
The Delaware court heard testimony from Oracle and PeopleSoft executives in October.
Interactive television commercials make their Olympic debut during opening ceremonies; commercials for AT&T and TD Waterhouse permit interactivity only on television cable or satellite boxes equipped with Wink Communications software; photo (M)
Sun Microsystems and Intel announce deal for Sun to use Intel chips on some of its computer servers; will allow Sun to offer servers based on range of chips, following strategy used by other industry leaders; deal is setback for rival chip maker Advanced Micro Devices (M)s
Oracle has also not said whether it would appeal a ruling against it.
I.B.M.
The upgrade includes better tools for browsing the Net, automated links for obtaining updated Windows tools from Microsoft's Web site and a much better system for getting help on line.
Another worry for Bank of America involves an estimated $15 billion in credit card loans that MBNA carries for rival banks, including Wachovia.
Correction:  October 20, 2004, Wednesday  An article in Business Day yesterday about tax breaks for military contractors included in a bill passed by Congress misstated the amount of a tax payment by Northrop Grumman during the first half of 2003.
Craig R. Barrett of Intel responded forcefully, ''IT matters a whole lot.''
Moving to offer digital television service throughout the Southeast,  BellSouth intends to announce today that it has signed a long-term contract to purchase satellite services from General Electric, an executive close to the deal said yesterday.
Despite signs that its core business may have reached bottom, Intel remained cautious.
The News Corporation and Viacom, for instance, are both technically in violation of a rule meant to prevent a single company from owning broadcast television stations that reach more than 35 percent of the nation's viewers.
The no-show charge shows up on the customer's monthly American Express bill.
ChevronTexaco also says that the Ecuadorean government has absolved the company of liability.
Beyond any penalty it faces in Europe, a ruling exposes Microsoft to the risk that its strategy of bundling software applications with Windows will once again make it a legal target in the United States.
Dr. John W. Rowe, Aetna's chairman and chief executive, said the cuts were needed to advance the company's turnaround plan, which he said was ''emphasizing profitability over size.''
Other major banks involved include Bank of America, First Chicago NBD, Fleet Financial Group, Keycorp and PNC Bank.
This in turn will undermine the profits of the technology standard-bearers in the PC-centric era, that is, Intel and the Microsoft Corporation, whose Windows operating system runs most PC's.
A Government lawyer and Microsoft's next-to-last witness had been sparring for hours today when the presiding judge asked a few questions of his own that cut to the core of the company's defense.
Peter F Karches, former executive at Morgan Stanley, dies at age 54 (M)
Several industry trade groups and legal experts agree with Apple's assessment and have urged Judge J. Frederick Motz of the United States District Court in Maryland to reject the Microsoft settlement proposal.
He graduated from Dartmouth College in 1933, received a master's at its Amos Tuck School of Business Administration the next year and joined General Mills.
In the year-earlier quarter, Microsoft's investment earnings added $485 million to its pretax profits, representing 14 percent of the total.
But in the year since Nicholas Negroponte, the founder of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology Media Laboratory, unveiled his prototype for a $100 laptop, he has found himself wrestling with Microsoft and the politics of software.
But early reports that the Micron-Toshiba deal was imminent spread gloom among Hynix shareholders, who bid Hynix's shares down by the daily limit of 15 percent on the Korea Stock Exchange, to a closing price of 2,080 won ($16.50) a share 30 minutes before the deal was formally announced.
A similar transaction was also done by Citigroup with Dynegy in 2001, involving an effort known as Project Alpha, which provided Dynegy with $300 million.
Apple has dubbed the software for this Darwin.
Boeing's long-term health has consequences that echo far beyond its headquarters in Seattle.
Advanced Micro introduced the mobile chips at competitive prices, an indication that a price war may be brewing between Advanced Micro and Intel in mobile chips, similar to the one under way in desktop microprocessors.
Gap, week after ousting chief executive Paul Pressler, dismisses his top deputy and former Disney colleague Cynthia Harriss as president of Gap brand; photo (M)
VeriSign, which is also the largest registrar of Internet domain names, processes nearly one-fourth of all online purchases.
The Software Information Industry Association and the Computer and Communication Industry Association, which have called for tougher restrictions on Microsoft's business practices, have asserted that the settlement does not serve the public interest and should not be permitted to stand without an appellate review.
APRIL 28, 2000 -- The Justice Department and 17 state attorneys general ask the judge to break the company into two parts -- one to develop and market the Windows operating system and the other to develop Microsoft's other holdings.
Both questioned whether the move represented a radical strategy shift for Wal-Mart.
But the episode is part of the Government's persistent effort to undermine the credibility of Microsoft witnesses.
The Gap's lower-priced chain, Old Navy, which after blazing growth last year had a sharp downturn early this summer, had a sales decline of more than 20 percent.
Amazon is taking on the hardware market at a perilous time.
''There had been concerns expressed by Boeing competitors about its behavior.
One of the acts the appeals court found to be anticompetitive was the way Microsoft chose to meld Windows and the Explorer Web browser.
The board of General Motors expressed support Monday for Rick Wagoner, the company's embattled chief executive, as G.M.
Yet that deal includes a continuing relationship between the companies for at least five years, with Lenovo using the I.B.M.
Cisco Systems' 50% Sales Gain Helps It Top Earnings Estimates
Furthermore, company officials assert, Verizon Wireless is a separate entity.
Article on risks of changing career in midlife; focuses on Sally Poliak, former political consultant in Washington State who is now manager at Microsoft Corp; Poliak comments; photo (M)
The ads seek to counter perceptions among skeptical consumers that Merck in particular -- and giant drug makers in general -- are more interested in profits than in people.
Timothy D. Cook, the executive vice president for worldwide sales and operations, called the demand for the iPod Nano ''staggering,'' and said Apple sold more than a million units in the 17 days of the fourth quarter that it was available.
The former chief executive of Qwest -- a Bell company that, like Verizon and AT&T, includes a major long-distance operation -- has said that he was approached by the National Security Agency after 9/11 but rebuffed a request for records.
Behind the harsh words is a hard reality for Boeing: Airbus has gone from being a distant No.2 in the commercial aerospace industry to a powerful, profitable rival that controls half the world market and is selling planes, including its giant new A380, at a faster pace than Boeing.
It all comes down, Intel executives say, to the countervailing rights of business partners.
Bill Johnson, who led the machinists at Boeing in their strike, only narrowly won re-election as president of the union local.
THANKS to those clown-size fish in the company's TV ads, or the hillbilly yodel in the radio spots, even investors who have never surfed cyberspace have likely heard of Yahoo -- a leader in the market for services that help users search for information on the World Wide Web.
A new software licensing program from Microsoft that goes into effect this week has some corporate customers complaining that they will end paying more and buying upgrades they do not need.
Shares of a securities firm such as Goldman Sachs, whose trading desks and financial tentacles stretch across the globe, would present a far more obvious conflict with the role of Treasury secretary.
Publicly traded for less than a year, Priceline.com's stock has more than tripled from its $16 offering price.
The other two commercials with suicide themes that have been withdrawn were for General Motors and Volkswagen of America.
When hearings resume Monday, Microsoft will continue to question Professor Shapiro before beginning to call its own witnesses.
The forces arrayed against AOL Time Warner are far weaker than those that confronted AT&T.
Allstate said in the hearing, before Judge John P. Fullam, that the termination plan it announced in November 1999 was appropriate and legal.
But the judge, Thomas Penfield Jackson, gave Microsoft little comfort.
Advertising column on Chinese computer maker Lenovo's new advertising and marketing campaign that jettisons IBM brand in favor of its own; chief marketing officer Deepak Advani comments on challenge of gaining market share in US; photo (M)
Regulators In Europe Add To Scrutiny Of Microsoft
Even analysts who oppose a News Corporation deal shun the idea of a spinoff for the same reason.
Sales rose 6 percent at Wal-Mart, 3.4 percent at Kmart and 3.7 percent at BJ's Wholesale Club.
Those actions included the 1993 split of the original Marriott Corporation into Host Marriott and Marriott International, as well as a 1998 effort by Marriott International to give the Marriott family more control over its shares.
Rich in antioxidants and amino acids, açaí is thought to be one of the most nutritional fruits of the Amazon basin.
The AT&T Corporation finished second, successfully bidding $1.7 billion for 21 markets that cover 107 million people, including Chicago, Boston, Washington and Philadelphia.
Digital was acting so far out of character that it almost resembled, well, Intel.
Citigroup could be stuck paying $10 billion of the amount, given the volume of business it did with those companies, Mr. Mayo said.
On March 10, before Interpublic first warned investors about the filing delay, Interpublic shares were at $12.35.
SETI Institute receives $11.5 million gift from Paul G Allen, a Microsoft co-founder, and $1 million gift from Dr Nathan P Myhrvold, former chief technology officer at Microsoft, for development of the world's most powerful radio telescope designed specifically to listen for signals that may be coming from civilizations elsewhere in the galaxy (M)
US and Europe back away from suing each other over subsidies worth billions of dollars that each accuses other of giving to its biggest civilian aircraft maker; Bush administration and European Union were poised to file formal complaints against each other at World Trade Organization over support given to Boeing and Airbus; agree to try to negotiate new agreement over next three months; Robert B Zoellick, US trade representative, and Peter Mandelson, top trade commissioner for European Union, comment; billions of euros lent for development of Airbus's A380 555-seat plane will not be renegotiated, but new agrement rules out loans or subsidies for Boeing's 7E7 Dreamliner as well as for Airbus A350; photos (M)
In the letter, written on behalf of a client, Roger Berger, who owns shares of Ford, Mr. Curry requests that Mr. Ford sell his Goldman shares to Ford Motor at the $53 he paid for them.
Moody's Investors Service and Fitch Ratings say they might cut credit rating of R J Reynolds Tobacco Holdings in near future; downgrading could intensify turmoil in market for municipal bonds backed by revenue from 1998 settlement between states and four big cigarette makers; panel of Illinois state legislators rejects version of bond-cap legislation that would have reduced $12 billion bond that Philip Morris needs to post while it pursues appeal of suit lost on March 21; Fitch downgrades credit rating of Altria, parent company of Philip Morris, by two notches (M)
''About 70 percent of all TV DVD titles have been released in the last year, so it's a pretty new phenomenon,'' said Ted Sarandos, the chief content officer for Netflix, the online DVD rental company.
Microsoft said it would record a one-time charge of about 3 cents a share against earnings in the quarter ended March 31.
Mr. McBride is engaged in an escalating legal fight with I.B.M., and its ripples are prompting concern in much of the computer industry and among the industry's corporate customers.
The practice evidently did not extend to the other firms that settled the allegations, including some that are Morgan Stanley's most prominent competitors.
But Richard D. Parsons, the president of Time Warner, dismissed Disney's complaints as nothing more than ''a series of business disputes that are being dressed up to be policy disputes.''
The decline in spectrum prices was evident in the $750 million deal Verizon Wireless made in December to acquire spectrum in cities including New York, Boston and Minneapolis from Northcoast Communications.
''It's a much tougher thing to swallow than if it was AT&T, because Verizon thinks of SBC as a peer.''
''This is a first but important step in the final determination of Amgen's claims,'' Gordon M. Binder, Amgen's chairman and chief executive, said in a statement.
''We're a bit further removed, but I think there is as much interest here as there is in the States,'' said Derek McAuley, the assistant director of Microsoft's research lab in Cambridge, Microsoft Research Ltd. ''When I talk to my friends at the pub, there is an understanding of the principles of antitrust, but there is some confusion as to why this litigation is being brought to bear against us.''
Medco accounts for just 10 percent of Merck's earnings per share, and its profit margins have been running at under 3 percent, according to Mark Striker, an analyst at Salomon Smith Barney.
The more developed service is Microsoft's Passport, part of the evolving Microsoft strategy known as .NET My Services, aimed at offering secure ''user-centric'' Web services for consumers and businesses.
In a continuing attempt to communicate with a broader audience, Mr. Gates has written a regular column for The New York Times Syndicate and he recently used Microsoft's Slate on-line magazine to publish a diary relating his experiences testifying before the Senate Judiciary Committee on Microsoft's business practices.
The company said that users should look for programs that had digital signatures that were dated Jan. 29 and 30, because no bona fide Microsoft certificates were issued on those dates.
Both United and Humana have grown through acquisitions, notably the 1995 purchase by United of Metra Health, itself a combination of units of Metropolitan Life and the Travelers Insurance Company.
Last winter Apple introduced a limited edition 20th-anniversary Macintosh, a remarkably bold experiment in trying to design a desktop computer that didn't intrude into a room like a hulking block of plastic or metal.
''It is real easy to use Wal-Mart as an example and motivator on this issue,'' said Representative Terese L. Berceau, a Democratic from Wisconsin, who is sponsoring a health insurance bill there.
Adobe's shares fell $4, to $26.10.
Intel Plans Broad Measures to Cut Costs
Such a ruse would allow MCI to pay lower charges to the regional Bell companies like Verizon, SBC and BellSouth that complete the delivery of the calls to a home or business.
I.B.M.
The possibility that it might become a cult hit like Michael Moore's 1989 unsympathetic portrait of General Motors, ''Roger & Me,'' has Wal-Mart worried.
One of the Sun Trust directors has a significant personal investment in Coca-Cola Enterprises.
Intel Corp reports profit of $936 million for first quarter on sales of $6.8 billion; chief executive officer Andy D Bryant says company is not seeing recovery in business; predicts that profit margins will improve slightly and issues sales forecast of $6.4 billion to $7 billion in current quarter, up from $6.3 billion (M)
Microsoft Corp releases new version of its Windows Media software; announcement comes as Real Networks releases new audio and video player software (S)
H&R Block's chief executive, Mark A. Ernst, said Mr. Spitzer was wrong about the Express IRA.
Such a large holding would have allowed Citigroup to install its own management and run its own operation in China.
Allstate also argues that the agents received an average of $280,000 when they were terminated.
An article in Business Day on Tuesday about talks on the potential sale of Nortel Networks' fiber optics components business to Corning misspelled the name of a European company that Wall Street has speculated might make a deal with Corning.
(Yahoo would not say how many users had the software, but the research firm Jupiter Media Metrix ranked Yahoo Messenger fourth in worldwide usage in April.)
Mr. Devine said the deal included a provision for Prudential to sell its remaining 38 percent of the business to Wachovia in two years.
One agency executive familiar with the situation, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the company might become involved in the search for a new ad firm, said that Wal-Mart executives were ''turning green'' over the Nobu dinner because of the strict Wal-Mart rules that prohibit employees from accepting gifts of any kind -- including drinks or meals -- from a supplier or potential supplier.
On a day of broad market downturns, Hewlett-Packard shares closed at $99.375, down $4.6875, on the New York Stock Exchange, while Oracle shares closed at $44.50, down 62.5 cents, in Nasdaq trading.
To address a separate finding of monopoly influence, the commission ordered Microsoft to release a second version of Windows that did not have its Media Player software attached.
By May 1, the stock shot up to more than $56 a share on news of the bid.
Instead, he said, ''It was very important for Citigroup to have this clean slate, if you will,'' so that it could make changes in its business practices.
A report in the Company News column of Business Day yesterday about the Comcast Corporation's sale of some cable systems to Bresnan Communications misstated the terms.
By product group, sales at Microsoft's client unit, which is mostly the Windows desktop operating system, grew to nearly $3.4 billion, up 12 percent, or slightly higher than the pace of personal computer shipments over all during the quarter.
In the coming weeks, Microsoft plans to introduce a marketing campaign to expand the appeal of the new Xbox 360 game console beyond the young men who are the Xbox's biggest fans.
It contended the AT&T practice had raised costs for local telephone companies.
There are signs that Microsoft has altered its practices since the settlement with the Bush administration -- and the European ruling could provide a further prod.
Microsoft to introduce new technology called TrustBridge as part of its revised Web services strategy; says technology will become increasingly useful as users connect from one consumer service to another on Internet and as business increasingly automates buying and selling operations (S)
News Corporation is also eager to bid for DirecTV, the direct-to-home satellite business owned by the Hughes division of General Motors, which analysts estimate could sell for $40 billion in cash and stock.
Advertising column discusses growing battle for dominance in office-supply market; market leaders are Office Depot Inc, Staples and Officemax; combined, they hold just 15 percent of market share, and face expanding list of competitors ranging from giant warehouse clubs to computer stores, all offering similar products; Office Depot's new creative approach uses humor to promote idea that it offers helpful business solutions and low prices; campaign was produced by DeVito/Verdi; photo (M)
The bid for SAP that Microsoft was pursuing would have been the largest ever in the computer industry.
Article on popular new brand of soft drinks called energy drinks or extreme beverages; says beverages are generally high in caffeine and sometimes laced with so-called exotic additives, like Brazilian guarana berries or ginseng; holds products, which are under fire from some health experts, are primarily marketed to teen-agers and Generation X'ers; says market for such drinks is so enticing that Coca-Cola Co and Pepsico have entered the fray by creating their own supercharged brands, which are now hitting national market; graph; photos (L)
Under that deal, Micron would have acquired Hynix's seven plants making memory chips -- its main business -- for 108.6 million shares of Micron stock.
Fox News Channel turns down 60-second commercial that Nation magazine sought to run during Fox's coverage of Republican National Convention; ad highlighted what it says was Nation's independence from corporate conglomerates, mentioning by name Rupert Murdoch, whose News Corp owns Fox; photo (M)
A preferred path, according to government officials, would be to prod Microsoft into settlement talks to modify certain planned features in Windows XP.
Microsoft said that in the case of AOL Instant Messenger, the buffer overflow error did not result in a program crash.
Her lawyer cited Morgan Stanley's strictly enforced rules that prohibit employees from speaking to the media without authorization.
One of TKT's major contentions is that Amgen's patent claims are overly broad and should not extend to human cells.
Asked whether he would consider raising his bid to a small premium above the General Dynamics offer, Mr. Kresa said, ''We have clearly stated what our posture is.''
In the suit, AOL is seeking financial damages for the lost profits, advertising revenues, licensing fees and other losses because of Microsoft's purported illegal tactics.
What the judge will not hear is last-minute testimony from a witness whom the states hoped to present to support the cornerstone of their remedy proposal, which would require Microsoft to produce a ''modular'' version of Windows so that computer makers could replace programs like its Web browser with rival software.
Yesterday's announcement puts to an end several years of industry speculation about Amazon's plans for the digital music business.
Analysis of decision by Moody's Investors Service to downgrade Japan's credit rating; says action calls into question whether more than $800 billion worth of Government financial stimulants aimed at reversing the country's prolonged economic decline has all been for nothing; notes Japan's credit rating is now lower than that of Italy, an economy with an irregular history and debt levels exceeding its annual output; says that although near-term effects of move are not totally clear, Japanese leaders have denounced it (M)
They want to differentiate their services from those of cable systems like Comcast, which so far offer little more than an e-mail account, a rudimentary home page and a fast Internet connection.
Market Place column on Humana Inc's warning that first-quarter profit will come in well below forecasts; says warning comes because underlying cost of care in hospitals and doctors' offices are rising faster than expected, faster even than double-digit percentile increases in premiums that Humana charged its customers this year; holds expenses are climbing even faster than premiums as patients use more medical services and managed care companies encounter growing resistance to cutbacks on payments (M)
''It is clear to us that your ill-considered and professionally directed attacks on Morgan Stanley and our people are damaging the firm and our shareholders,'' the directors wrote to the dissidents.
But Apple pointed to industry figures showing its share of digital music player sales in the United States market rose to 78 percent in March.
Intuit, which also announced widening financial losses yesterday, now intends to focus on its core software businesses, while expanding its services over the Internet.
Yahoo Warns on Sales, and Its Chief Resigns
For one thing, Microsoft insists that their real employer is not Microsoft but their employment agencies.
issued a counterattack against SCO's software business in its court filings, saying that SCO products infringed on at least four I.B.M.
Wal-Mart shares fell 56 cents, or 1.2 percent, to close at $48.29.
Mr. Gray, who maintains close connections to senior officials in the new administration, predicted that the case would ultimately be settled on terms far less onerous for Microsoft than a breakup because of the White House's commitment to less regulation.
wanted to avoid a formal decision that might create a precedent affecting future deals, Honeywell did not give its consent.
That step may put Intel, the world's largest chip company, closer to adding 64-bit capability to its personal computer chips in a future version.
In an operation that would involve vehicles sold in Brazil and abroad, General Motors said it planned to recall all Corsa model cars made in Brazil.
So Amgen stopped giving the drug to about four dozen people in the trials.
Ever since Michael F. Price sold the management company of the Mutual Series funds to the Franklin Templeton Group for a small fortune two years ago, the funds have labored under a cloud of uncertainty.
Some of Wal-Mart's missteps -- selling golf clubs in Brazil, where the game is unfamiliar, or ice skates in Mexico -- are so frequently mentioned, they have become the stuff of urban legend.
Coke earns 76 percent of its profit from sales outside the United States.
On Monday, All Nippon Airways, based in Japan, said it was purchasing 45 737-700's from Boeing.
Gap Announces Its Sales Will Decline by 14% in August
The new products, which include a wide range of clothes found in Wal-Mart stores as well as some online-only items, began appearing late last month.
Microsoft Creates a Stir In Its Work With the U.N.
To be sure, Kodak has been steadily trimming its work force, paring some 40,000 jobs since 1983, and settling at a slimmed-down 94,800 workers by the end of last year.
Last year, for the first time in their three-decade rivalry, Airbus delivered more planes than Boeing.
Joel I Klein, assistant attorney general in charge of Justice Department's antitrust division, in response to Microsoft Corp's public criticisms of plan to break it in two, says actual result would be 'exciting new products, with more choices and lower prices for consumers,' speech at forum of new economy at University of California at Berkely (M)
With a decreased need for semiconductors worldwide, sales at Applied Materials were cut in half over the last 12 months.
United Automobile Workers reportedly will target Ford Motor Co in contract talks, while continuing talks with General Motors and Chrysler; will try to settle industry's toughest problems with Ford and then demand Chrysler and GM accept same terms almost immediately; toughest issue is union bid for new curbs on purchase of parts from low-cost outside vendors (M)
It invited three local suppliers, a sympathetic local official and a cashier to say that Wal-Mart had a positive effect on the community.
Citigroup's Chairman Urges More Insulation of Analysts
Federal Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson's decision against Microsoft Corp in Justice Department's antitrust suit is based on specifics of Sherman Antitrust Act, passed in 1890 (S)
Victor Bahl, an expert in wireless networking who came to Microsoft from the Digital Equipment Corporation several years ago, is working on a product for expanding wireless data networks into public places like airports and shopping malls.
Also, all eight directors endorsed for re-election by Interpublic management won new terms.
Interview with David Winer, software designer who warns on his widely read electronic newsletter that Microsoft is trying to contort network software standards in effort to dominate Internet's future direction; photo (M)
In the sprawling General Motors plant here, age and seniority confer privileges, while youth requires optimism and patience.
Notably, Boeing ran through chief financial officers like the Yankees once did managers, depleting the ranks of Mr. Condit's possible successors.
A former AT&T technician said on Thursday that the company cooperated with the National Security Agency in 2003 to install equipment capable of ''vacuum-cleaner surveillance'' of e-mail messages and other Internet traffic.
Indeed, Amgen's own EPO patents are weaker in Europe than in the United States, raising the possibility that Transkaryotic might lose here but be able to sell in Europe, where a similar trial is scheduled to start in September.
AOL Official And Lawyer For Microsoft Spar in Court
Pepsico yesterday made its second major move this week to become a fiercer competitor to the Coca-Cola Company, saying it was studying the possible conversion of some bottling operations into a separate publicly traded company.
For MSN, as the on-line service of the Microsoft Corporation is known, the changes to be detailed today at an Internet conference in New York will be the second overhaul since the service began in August 1995.
General Re Corp senior executive Richard Napier will plead guilty to criminal fraud charges in one of cases involving alleged insurance abuses of American International Group; John Houldsworth, former senior executive at General Re, pleads guilty to fraud in connection with helping AIG doctor its accounts; photo (M)
Comcast's bid for Walt Disney Co sends ripples through nation's biggest media companies; deal is latest escalation in arms race of mergers as major media conglomerates vie for upper hand in multisided negotiations over distribution of movies, sports and television programs; for smaller cable operators or independent programmers, there is new pressure that could drive them into mergers or out of business as they struggle to compete with conglomerates' bargaining power; as soon as Comcast bid is announced, eager investment bankers begin trolling for new deals, urging rival companies to get in on the action; graph (M)
DuPont rebuffed Dow's advances and never engaged in negotiations, these people said.
''Verizon is viewed as a high quality provider, and you've got to keep spending to keep that leadership position,'' said Nitin J. Shah, the head of the wireless advisory services at RHK, a telecommunications consultant in San Francisco.
Charge 2 Go offers connectors for phones by Motorola, Nokia, Samsung, Siemens and Sony-Ericsson.
IBM announces that claim by Sun Microsystems that it was gaining business share and had surpassed IBM as number one server company was false (M)
With older workers among the fastest-growing part of the work force, the Allstate case is being followed by discrimination experts and executives across the country.
At the same time, they have no choice but to buy from the local bottler because Coca-Cola will penalize any bottler that sells to customers from outside its designated territories.
As for Time Warner, it only seemed to need -- or acknowledge -- one adviser: Morgan Stanley, which was paid handsomely for a sale process that lasted almost a year.
The building, called 445 Hamilton Avenue, once housed corporate giants like I.B.M.
Mr. Freund, the computer security executive, said he had tried unsuccessfully for several years to persuade Microsoft to ship the company's operating systems with fewer services exposed to potential attackers.
Last year, the company introduced a stand-alone service, called Yahoo Plus, that competes with America Online's AOL for Broadband.
At the same time, Intel executives appear closer to adding 64-bit capability to the company's line of 32-bit PC chips, a subject on which Intel has said little publicly.
To underscore those intentions, Coca-Cola describes Coke Zero as a ''calorie-free cola'' rather than a ''diet cola.''
Oracle also faces other roadblocks.
Boeing Co's chief executive Harry C Stonecipher says $20 billion deal with Air Force to lease 767's for use as aerial refueling tankers 'is not dead' and that Air Force remains committed to proposal; says decision on tanker deal is before Defense Sec Donald H Rumsfeld, adding delay in decision has already cost Boeing business with Australian government, which recently bought aerial tankers from rival Airbus instead (M)
Walt Disney Co's board unanimously rejects $54 billion unsolicited stock offer from Comcast Corp because it is too low; stock offering is worth $3.60 les than market price of share of Disney's stock; Disney board also reaffirms confidence in chief executive Michael D Eisner, saying it expects company's current structure and strategy to enhance shareholder value; Comcast says offers reflects full and generous valuation based upon Disney's prospects and performance over long period of time and represents significant premium during much of last three years (M)
''The acquisition, to us, is a key step toward executing our long-term vision to build the leading advertising and publisher ecosystem both on and off the Yahoo network,'' Terry S. Semel, Yahoo's chief executive, said in an interview.
Microsoft offers Office in three versions -- standard, professional and small-business editions.
Yes, that will cause consternation at Kodak, which is still a hierarchical, conservative company with too many management layers.
In a conference call with Wall Street analysts on Tuesday, Mr. Bezos said that the overall Amazon Web Services initiative was growing rapidly, but was not yet profitable.
In a related action, industry officials said that the Supreme Court was expected to make known next week whether it would take up an attempt by two of the defendants, the United Healthcare Corporation and PacifiCare Health Systems, to overturn a decision by the Atlanta appeals court that upheld a ruling by Judge Moreno.
Boeing Co will acquire McDonnell Douglas Corp in $13.3 billion deal, 10th-largest merger in American history and largest ever in aerospace industry; acquisition will make Boeing only manufacturer of commercial jets in US while catapulting it ahead of Lockheed Martin Corp as world's largest aerospace company and bolstering its status as nation's leading exporter; executives at Boeing and McDonnell Douglas, as well as industry experts, say deal makes sense since Boeing is predominantly commercial aircraft builder that hopes to continue expanding in military field, while bulk of McDonnell Douglas's business is already in military field; with rich history in commercial aircraft and substantial manufacturing capacity, McDonnell Douglas can also help Boeing meet increased worldwide demand for new planes; photos; charts (M)
Shares of McDonald's, down about 19 percent so far this year, fell to their lowest level in almost three years soon after the earnings warning was announced.
Priceline, the online seller of discount travel services like airline tickets, will handle its own advertising.
A consortium formed by Goldman Sachs is also reported to be submitting a bid.
''We are in a transition period that is very difficult, so we are causing some of the chaos,'' Mr. Hammer, a 36-year Boeing employee, acknowledged.
Good thing I did it, though: Comcast, I later learned, had discovered that the disc, which installed Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.5 as the Web browser, would create problems for users of Microsoft's IE 6.0, and apparently a major problem for users of Windows XP (with which IE 6.0 is tightly integrated).
Indeed, Kodak said yesterday that it would eliminate an additional 900 jobs in its nondigital businesses and close a paper operation in Rochester.
Because they offer the opportunity to buy shares for about $15 each, there is no question that they should be exercised: At Time Warner's closing price of $90, the options guaranteed a pretax gain of about $75 each.
Internal Revenue Service bans corporate financing maneuver known as 'fast pay' or 'step down' preferred stock that has exploded in popularity in last month, calling it a tax dodge that threatened a major loss of revenue for the Treasury; action halts billions of dollars of transactions that dozens of companies had hoped to use to borrow money at extremely low cost; anonymous Treasury Department official estimates that as much as $20 billion in such deals had been completed or were underway, arranged by such major investment bankers like Morgan Stanley and Bear, Stearns; Treasury estimates nearly $7 billion in Federal tax revenue would have been lost over 10 years if IRS did not shut down deals already completed or in the works; in 'fast pay' or 'step down' preferred stock deals, companies set up real estate investment trusts to which they arrange to pay tax-deductible interest; the trusts, which are legally entitled to take tax deduction for dividends they pay, are then used to pay dividends to investors, typically tax-exempt organizations; chart (L)
First the Wait for Microsoft Vista; Now the Marketing Barrage
''If we can get people to do more things with their pictures, we'll get them to take more pictures,'' said Allen B. Steinman, a photo-retailing specialist whom Kodak hired away from the American Stores chain in April to oversee its retail strategy.
Dan Kusnetzky of International Data said Microsoft recently introduced a version of Windows specifically for the Thai market.
Apple Computer Inc will introduce new kind of computer for elementary and high schools that will sell for about half the price of current multimedia systems; Apple is hoping to strengthen its foothold in $4 billion educational computing market; its new computer, Emate 300, is not based on Macintosh, but borrows technology from Apple's Newton line of hand-held computing devices to create sleek notebook-sized device for Internet browsing, word processing and other basic computing tasks; it is not intended to compete with or replace multimedia Macintoshes, but to give schools a supplementary device; Emate, costing under $800, will be available initially only to schools, but Apple eventually will market it to families as well; graph (M)
Federal Communications Commission and several of nation's largest wireless communications companies are expected to announce settlement in dispute over who owns more than 200 valuable licenses to provide wireless service; under settlement, NextWave Communications agrees to pay what it owes for licenses before it went out of business, as well as interest on that amount and related taxes; in exchange, NextWave will get money raised when government auctioned licenses after company failed to pay for them; agreement would net government as much as $10 billion, while NextWave would receive more than $6 billion; Verizon Wireless, Cingular Wireless, AT&T Wireless and others who bought licenses at auction need them to expand service in congested areas like New York City (M)
Then, according to a complaint filed yesterday by the Securities and Exchange Commission against Xerox, the company demanded that KPMG move that partner off the audit.
Citigroup's consumer business, which includes credit cards, consumer deposits and loans, has been quite profitable.
New York 1, the local 24-hours cable news channel in New York City that is widely seen as a welcome new source of municipal coverage, required a large investment from its owner, Time Warner.
Yesterday, General Electric stock traded at 39 times the consensus earnings expectation for 2000.
Within hours of Mr. Yokich's request, Robert J. Eaton, the chairman and chief executive of the Chrysler Corporation, and Alexander Trotman, his counterpart at the Ford Motor Company, each met with Mr. Yokich.
A consortium of investors is considering making an offer worth more than $38 billion for Equity Office Properties Trust, the real estate investment trust that is controlled by Samuel Zell, people involved in the discussions said last night.
Apple Computer had approached the British company in hopes of distributing the Beatles' music on iTunes, but Apple Corps instead accused the technology company of breaching the 1991 contract, arguing that Apple was essentially entering the music business with its service.
The law firm that was brought in to help the regular Interpublic law firm, Cleary, Gottlieb, Steen & Hamilton, was not identified.
Intel said weaker demand resulted in lower revenue in the Americas, Japan and Europe, compared with the fourth quarter of 1997, while revenue in the Asia-Pacific region was higher than in the previous quarter.
Toronto Firm Chosen to Renovate Tiffany Flagship Store
He said that the company's growth had been slowed because, until now, the only Nike goods it had been able to offer so far had come from other retailer's overstocks and other unofficial channels.
I.B.M.
Shanghai Automotive will pay $59.7 million for 10 percent stake in three key Korean factories of bankrupt Daewoo Motors being taken over by General Motors consortium (M)
Microsoft pressed AOL to drop its exclusive relationship with RealNetworks, the leader in software for playing music over the Internet.
Aetna said its membership had fallen to 18.3 million, down about 5 percent from the beginning of last year as it dropped unprofitable members, including several Medicare health maintenance organizations and a Medicaid unit in New Jersey that it sold to another company.
Negotiations between AOL and Microsoft have been hot and cold for several months, people involved say, because Microsoft is unsure which of its business units to contribute to a potential partnership.
Unbundling Media Player from Windows would cause problems for Microsoft, which today announced that the latest Media 9 Series version of Media Player is for the first time being shipped to Europe, bundled in with the latest Windows XP.
Heidelberger Druckmaschinen, the world's largest maker of offset printing machines, said it would sell its digital printing operations to the Eastman Kodak Company.
Goldman Sachs' merger of Archipelago, electronic stock market, and New York Stock Exchange cements Goldman's longstanding role as premier Wall Street firm, and one with most sway over Big Board's future; Goldman has become forceful voice for modernization; other Wall Street firms, including Merrill Lynch and Morgan Stanley, pressed exchange to allow more electronic trading, which would let firms cut number of traders on exchange floor and lower their costs; but none of firms pushed as hard as Goldman did; Big Board's chief John Thain was president of Goldman and was centrally involved in firm's drive to invest in electronic exchanges; merger is fitting coda to Thain's first major initiative as chief executive of exchange; photo (M)
They jeered the Verizon billboard diagonally across the intersection, which said, ''Bell Atlantic has a new name.''
A report in the Company News column of Business Day on Saturday about a plan by Honeywell International to repurchase up to 40 million shares misstated the timing.
Mr. Sankey also noted the difficulty that Exxon Mobil and other international oil companies are having in securing access to oil reserves from governments emboldened by increasing oil revenue.
Perhaps most important in this tale of two companies, AT&T went first.
Jeffrey P. Bezos, the company's chairman, was quoted in the article saying that Amazon had never been in better shape.
In 2004, Cingular bought AT&T Wireless for $41 billion, and last year, SBC bought AT&T for $16.8 billion and adopted its name.
As a result, Boeing, the world's largest aerospace company and the nation's largest exporter, also said that its 1999 earnings would be between $1.5 billion and $1.8 billion, lower than the already greatly reduced estimate of $2 billion it gave investors last summer.
Microsoft, in contrast, has sought to distinguish itself by allowing advertisers to enter bids based on the sex, age and other characteristics of the ad viewer.
General Electric reaped $1.4 billion earlier this year from the sale of its stake in PaineWebber, and that gain will probably be used to offset charges associated with the closing of Montgomery Ward.
Christine Varney, a lawyer who worked for Netscape Communications, recalled Mr. Malone asking for a briefing from software engineers on how Microsoft melded its browser into the Windows operating system.
I.B.M.
''You can justify ignoring good will amortization if you acknowledge that Time Warner's good will is an appreciating asset.''
Laura Conigliaro, an analyst at Goldman, Sachs & Company, observed that Sun was the second-largest seller of big computers to the corporate market, after I.B.M., and that Sun had a large base of customers using its technology who were not about to switch anytime soon.
But I was in the middle of the Amazon.
Latin American accounts for 25 percent of Coca-Cola's worldwide volume.
The price cuts, which are as much as $800 on some models, signal that Apple is getting ready to introduce a new generation of portable computers.
Sales remain disappointing for Xerox's most profitable product line, the high-speed copiers used by publishing houses for print-on-demand applications and by corporations in their central copier operations.
The Microsoft Corporation said today that it had served subpoenas on five leading companies in the computer industry  asking them to supply information that would show they engage in business practices similar to the practices at the heart of the Federal Government's antitrust suit against Microsoft.
The stakes over the new legal fight essentially boil down to an interpretation of the 1995 consent decree between the Justice Department and Microsoft that settled an earlier antitrust dispute.
In the same period, investments in Citigroup grew at a rate of 2 percent, while the Standard & Poor's 500 declined at a rate of more than 12 percent.
''The Intel-Microsoft marriage has plenty of cracks in it because they both want to be king,'' said a Silicon Valley chief executive who has done business with both companies.
''It seems clear to me there is a business there, just not the way Boeing built it,'' he said.
Microsoft is developing another version of Windows, called the Millennium Edition, or Windows ME, specifically for individual users.
The I.B.M.
Shares of US Airways fell yesterday, as Southwest Airlines, the largest low-cost carrier, said it would serve six cities from Philadelphia, one of US Airways' hubs.
A spokesman for the Commerce Department, which regulates the domain name system with Icann, said the agency was studying the VeriSign service, and would not comment until a later date.
The Millipede project grew out of invention of the scanning tunneling microscope in 1981 by Dr. Gerd Binnig and Dr. Heinrich Rohrer at the I.B.M.
''We have no plans to make a plane larger than the 747 because we just don't think that's how people are going to fly,'' Mr. Mulally of Boeing said.
''This is not your grandma's PC,'' said Louis J. Burns, the executive in charge of Intel's desktop computer division.
Did eBay raise awareness of Communities in Schools significantly?
Only one architect was considered for job of designing new $47.5 million New York headquarters of Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater: Natan Bibliowicz, son-in-law of Joan Weill, chairwoman of dance company's board, and Sanford I Weill, chairman of Citigroup; building, of metal, glass and glowing light, would be largest in country devoted exclusively to dance; photo (M)
Advanced Micro Devices is hoping to one-up Intel, the Goliath of the chip industry, with a new line of microprocessors based on the latest technology -- even if David is entering the battlefield a few days behind.
Symantec was advised by Lehman Brothers and the law firm of Fenwick & West LLP.
''This is the first step toward moving Coca-Cola from a laggard to a leader on diversity,'' the lawyer, Cyrus Mehri, said.
''We expected to reduce the cost of electronics, but I don't think anybody was thinking in terms of factors of a million,'' he said in an undated interview cited by Texas Instruments.
But that doesn't mean they won't vote for a Verizon-MCI deal if the vote takes place as planned.
That effort and those that have followed, including the five-minute commercials for American Express introduced last month as well as short films from DKNY, have largely been distributed through the Web.
The commission's concerns about Vista echo the findings in its 2004 antitrust ruling against Microsoft.
''Ralph had made Brian head of Comcast in 1990, and he had done more deals that anyone I can think of at that age,'' Mr. Burke said.
Shares of Apple Computer Inc fall nearly 18 percent after company discloses that it would report loss of $100 million to $150 million in what is typically its strongest quarter; announcement suggests that yearlong turnaround effort by chairman, Gilbert F Amelio, may be falling short; but some analysts note that Amelio never promised that company would return to profitability in single year; in further blow to Apple, Canon Inc says it will sell its 20 percent stake in Next Software Inc just before Apple buys it; analysts say Canon is, in effect, betting against Apple, which plans to use Next's software to modernize its operating system (M)
As rumors of an Apple video announcement circulated in recent days, some Hollywood executives indicated that they felt it was premature to follow the lead of the music industry in online sales because they were not yet satisfied about security to prevent illicit copying.
At one point it was intended to have a Sun Microsystems operating system, but that was changed to a Windows CE operating system after the Microsoft investment.
(The all-time favorite television DVD from Netflix is Season 5 of ''The Sopranos,'' he added.)
In an interview earlier this month, Verizon's chief executive, Ivan G. Seidenberg, acknowledged that investors had grown restless with his company, which for years faced few rivals in the phone business.
The March 27 decision in the California Court of Appeal in the Greenwald matter may also have long-term ramifications for Mattel.
The bottle -- originally six and a half ounces, now eight -- has appeared recently on Coca-Cola labels, signs and ads and inspired a successful line of 20-ounce contoured plastic bottles.
But some competitors and some antitrust regulators worry that Microsoft's programming tools -- combined with its dominant positions in desktop operating systems and Web browsing software and its Passport online identification system -- threaten to let Microsoft gain an unfair advantage in Web services.
Corning Inc reports loss of $4.76 billion in second quarter; sales increased 5 percent, to $1.87 billion; net income for second quarter last year was $149 million; photo (M)
By then, though, Mr. Palmisano had completed an attention-grabbing stint in Japan, where he laid the foundations for what is today a huge business running the computer operations of Japanese companies, and had settled in as president of I.B.M.
When times were good, airlines ordered hundreds of planes and Boeing hired thousands of workers; when times were bad, orders collapsed and Boeing cut back.
While Chevron and other oil companies are investing $20 billion to develop the Tengiz field, transportation has been a major problem.
Richard Emerson, a former managing director at Lazard Freres and co-head of its technology and telecommunications advisory services, will join Microsoft as senior vice president of corporate development and strategy.
Apple began including FireWire on its PowerMac machines -- the line popular with graphics and entertainment production professionals -- in early 1999.
AOL Time Warner's tentative discussions about acquiring the cable television business of AT&T have edged forward, with AOL Time Warner signing a confidentiality agreement that could allow the talks to move to a new stage, people close to the negotiations said.
The move will bolster Amgen's pipeline of potential new products and help it move into the area of cancer drugs.
In mid-July, he took copies of the tape to the police and to Morgan Stanley.
Terry Ragsdale, an analyst with Goldman, Sachs, said today that Intel's affirmation of its revenue forecast should be warmly received by investors, who have become used to missed expectations.
Compaq executives declined to comment today, but according to the suit, Compaq quickly agreed to license the technology to Intel to end the cutoff of information.
''By its very nature, the settlement would heavily promote and subsidize the schools' acquisition of Microsoft products at the expense of more effective and appropriate alternatives,'' Apple wrote.
The technique, now referred to as silicon nanosurgery and routinely used at nine Intel chip factories around the world, has completely transformed the way modern computer chips are developed.
Shifting fulfillment to Amazon's warehouses would save him $2,000 a month in rent and utilities for his warehouse, he estimates.
The dividend is payable on April 1 to shareholders of record on March 3, Kodak said.
By late Tuesday night, the Internet Software Consortium, a nonprofit company responsible for the software that most domain name servers use to direct network traffic, was offering a software patch to counteract VeriSign's service.
Mr. Jenson noted one survey of customers indicated a 25 percent decline in sales for those categories in the first two months of this year, a sign that Amazon had gained market share.
Time Warner is the nation's second-largest cable company and therefore controls the means to deliver high-speed Internet service to millions of homes.
Apple Computer Inc. announced a new family of its iMac computers today, including an entry-level model priced below $1,000.
PC makers, software developers and others who rely on Microsoft's Windows technology were disappointed by the delay past the holiday season in the consumer market, and their sales will most likely suffer this year.
Google's chief executive, Eric E. Schmidt, is a veteran of past battles with Microsoft, and he has no intention of making the same misstep.
securities was a result of special relationships that Monas had developed with Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley, the lead underwriters on certain of the I.P.O.
''The commission repeatedly refused to clearly define its requirements and concerns, despite repeated requests and accommodations by Microsoft,'' the company said in a statement Wednesday.
General Motors.
Nike has started selling the form-fitting jerseys ($75) and shorts ($60) at the campus stores of the four colleges where players have pioneered them.
So government sales represented at least 13 percent of Cisco's overall American product sales last year, and the percentage is climbing.
Still, industry analysts said that the steps Microsoft announced were minimal and mainly addressed the somewhat dated issue of the browser.
The Ford Motor Company, which depends on sport utility vehicles for much of its profit, acknowledged today that they cause serious safety and environmental problems.
The steps by Pfizer and other drug makers to restrict sales of their drugs in Canada, however, could help safeguard the industry's profits even if the measure becomes law.
In Securities and Exchange Commission documents that Microsoft submitted as evidence, America Online declared it would create a new browser, working with Sun Microsystems, to compete with Microsoft -- and to use with the America Online service.
FBI's National Infrastructure Protection Center reverses course and says free software patch offered by Microsoft Corp does protect against serious flaws in Windows XP, its latest version of Windows software (S)
At the end of July, Nordstrom warned that earnings would fall short of forecasts and the stock plunged.
But the Fidelity OTC Portfolio and the Fidelity Select Technology Fund, for which Microsoft was also the largest holding, fell 7.8 and 9.2 percent, respectively.
Two weeks ago, Morgan Stanley agreed to pay a $2 million fine to settle charges with NASD that it had improperly given incentives to brokers to sell its mutual funds.
Publicis Worldwide, which had not worked for Procter before, now takes from D'Arcy brands like Charmin, Puffs, Metamucil and Pepto Bismol.
But in interviews, senior government officials and private experts with detailed knowledge of the program said Boeing's poor performance on the contract had caused deep concern within the intelligence community about prospects for meeting a crucial need to put the new generation of spy satellites in place before the current group begins to deteriorate.
Still, of the chemical companies, DuPont seems to have the most immediate need for the advantages that industrial biotechnology can provide.
''Citigroup presided over some of the worst scandals on Wall Street, and Sandy Weill was personally connected to one of them,'' said Paul Hodgson, a compensation analyst with the Corporate Library, a research group in Portland, Me., referring to Mr. Weill's relationship with Mr. Grubman.
''We wanted to make sure we could focus all of our attention and all of our resources on the U.S.,'' said James Bernard, a spokesman for Microsoft, based in Redmond, Wash.
According to Microsoft, there were 200 million user accounts as of October, although that number appears to count those enrolled automatically in Passport as users of MSN Hotmail, Microsoft's e-mail service, or as subscribers to its MSN Internet access service who have chosen to personalize their content.
But both spoke of their relationship: a Coke spokesman noted that the company had been a financial sponsor of Mr. Jackson's Rainbow/PUSH organization, and Mr. Jackson said that the organization was a Coca-Cola shareholder.
KPMG was Xerox's auditor for 40 years, regulators said.
''We picked the PowerPC because of I.B.M.
''The only thing you can ask is that people be straightforward to the point of bluntness,'' said Mr. Chernin, News Corporation's president.
Goldman Sachs Group's first proxy statement shows chairman-chief executive Henry M Paulson was one of at least five top executives on Wall Street to take home more than $25 million last year (M)
One worry was the loss of large, lucrative accounts at several Interpublic agencies, from marketers like the Braun division of Gillette, Capital One, HSBC and Samsung.
According to a statement by Carl McGrath, a vice president at Motorola, the purchase will allow AT&T Broadband to ''cost-effectively offer digital subscribers a greater variety of exciting applications and enhancements, including faster speeds and improved graphics.''
In an interview after the conference call, Robert L. Growney, Motorola's president and chief operating officer, said the Federal Reserve Bank should immediately cut interest rates by 1 percent to stimulate the economy.
After about a month transferring payments, Ms. Haloulos received a call from PayPal, which is a unit of eBay Inc., informing her that her account had been frozen for fraudulent activity.
To list the item on eBay costs 30 cents.
By setting guidelines that determine when cutting off customers is based on a valid business decision rather than as part of a monopolistic scheme, the agreement provides a clarity that Intel's executives and lawyers found to be particularly attractive, they said.
Mr. Murdoch, through the News Corporation, has long sought a satellite business to deliver his cable services in this country, as he does abroad.
But Exxon said its production in the quarter would still have dropped 1 percent, excluding the effect of the hurricanes.
Citigroup Forces Resignations of 3 Senior Executives
Dr. Topol, an outspoken cardiologist who frequently opines on the medical issues of the day, has done work for drug companies like Eli Lilly, the Medicines Company and a partnership of Bristol-Myers Squibb and Sanofi-Aventis.
Intel said that sales of its microprocessors for personal computers, the company's core business, continued to follow seasonal patterns in the beginning of the quarter.
Boeing' stock closed yesterday at $38.02, down 37 cents.
Thus far, some of the biggest players in the fledgling mobile games market have been small start-ups, but the union of Jamdat and Electronic Arts is expected to create a formidable new competitor, analysts said.
The disclosures come at a time of heightened nervousness at Morgan Stanley over compensation.
Ed Adler, a spokesman from Time Warner, said in an interview that AOL and Time Warner had committed themselves to offering diverse content.
HAL Computer Systems has shut down its Web site and has laid off or relocated its staff, citing falling demand for large mainframe technology, stifling competition from I.B.M.
Mr. Curry said, however, that Amazon had decreased its reliance on book distributors and was dealing more directly with publishers.
In all, during the period under review, 1998 to the present, Goodyear has lost about $700 million.
When Wal-Mart employees at an outlet in Canada voted last year to unionize, the retailer shut the store, contending that it was unprofitable.
AT&T and Microsoft executives emphasized that the main purpose of the deal was to accelerate the deployment of high-speed services over cable networks.
Johnson & Johnson makes Eprex at a factory in Puerto Rico.
In other cases, the Justice Department and 20 states said they would use the material to show that Microsoft tried to force other companies to end any support for the Netscape Communications Corporation.
Late Tuesday, Nicola Wilson, 34, a production worker for a clothing company, wandered through the Gap outpost in Times Square.
And sales of personal computers to consumers fell because I.B.M.
A Brussels lawyer with experience in representing firms accused of antitrust abuses said that Microsoft would probably come back with another offer.
Downtown landlords in Philadelphia are in uproar over measure that would allow public subsidy for proposed new 60-story headquarters building for Comcast Corp; developer, Liberty Property Trust, is seeking to qualify building site for generous 1998 state tax abatement program that was originally intended to improve blighted neighborhoods; more than dozen landlords in area have banded together to try to prevent designation of site as Keystone Opportunity Improvement Zone; map; photo (M)
Viacom, the media company, said yesterday in a regulatory filing that it would pay its new chief executive, Philippe P. Dauman, $2 million in salary and a cash bonus that could be as high as $14 million but is aimed at $7 million.
Leo Kirch, who controls Germany's biggest commercial television networks and rights to huge library of programming and sports events, is in danger of being toppled by Rupert Murdoch; it remains unclear whether Kirch will agree on rescue plan for Kirch Group with banks and shareholders; what is almost certain is that Kirch is about to give up control of company he built from scratch into one of Europe's biggest media conglomerates; most obvious candidates to take over Kirch are foreigners; Murdoch's News Corp is top contender, but other possibilities include Mediaset, Italian broadcasting company controlled by Prime Min Silvio Berlusconi; photo (M)
Under its terms, American Express will pay I.B.M.
Pfizer went after Warner-Lambert after the company had already agreed to merge with American Home Products.
General Electric Co introduces medical scanner that it says captures images of inner workings of patient's body in seconds, not minutes; GE expects to sell about 400 of new CT (for computerized tomography) scanners a year, at $1.25 million each (S)
General Mills brands, on the other hand, have been able to grow faster than their categories, and that is a large part of the growth story.
Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison, the law firm handling Morgan Stanley's defense in the matter, filed the response yesterday.
Netflix allows customers to rent as many DVD's as they can handle for a monthly fee of $20.
Mr. Kahan said the assignments were being divided, roughly evenly, between MRM Partners Worldwide in New York, part of the McCann-Erickson World Group division of Interpublic, and agencies that operate under the umbrella of the Young & Rubicam Brands at WPP.
That's clearly not the case at Whole Foods' new greenwashed 70,000-square-foot theme park on the Bowery.
Even if Alpha fades, Digital would be in the same situation as the Hewlett-Packard Corporation, which abandoned its proprietary chip architecture and collaborated with Intel on the design of IA-64.
Leaving no doubt how much importance Microsoft attaches to its video game efforts, Bill Gates on Tuesday laid out a vision of a future in which gamers using the company's Xbox 360 console can be connected to others on a PC or a cellphone.
Sony and Microsoft will give further details of their new consoles here on Monday, and Nintendo is to do the same on Tuesday.
Cisco Systems Inc reports earnings of $646 million in third quarter ended May 1, up 33 percent from $484 million in period a year ago; sales rose 44 percent, to $3.15 billion, from $2.18 billion last year (S)
Newmont Mining unveiled today a two-pronged plan to become the world's biggest gold company, with agreements to take over Normandy Mining, Australia's leading producer, and Franco-Nevada Mining of Toronto for a total of about $4.4 billion in stock and cash.
Citigroup promoted a longtime senior manager yesterday to chief executive of its largest and fastest-growing division.
Toys 'R' US accuses Amazon.com of breaking contract that gave Toys 'R' Us right to be exclusive toy and game seller on Amazon's site; Amazon says suit is without merit; Amazon and Toys 'R' Us formed joint venture in August 2000 in which Toys 'R' Us would become exclusive seller of most toys, games and baby products on Amazon's site; under contract with Amazon, Toys 'R' Us agreed to pay $50 million per year for 10 years for exclusivity provision, which had few exceptions, as well as percentage of Toys 'R' Us sales on Amazon site; Amazon has shifted its business model away from such exclusive arrangements in favor of having multiple merchants offering same products, often at different prices (M)
Both Comcast and Google approached Time Warner last month after word of Time Warner's discussions with Microsoft were reported in the press.
CARNIVAL TO SWEETEN OFFER FOR P&O PRINCESS
What Microsoft wants, Mr. Anderson said, is a beachhead in a still uncertain technological era.
Applied Materials, the world's largest manufacturer of chip-making equipment, reported third-quarter earnings today that beat Wall Street's expectations by 2 cents a share but said it could predict no end to the industry slump.
Opened when auto companies were closing plants and cutting hundreds of thousands of jobs, General Motors' Saturn plant here was a rare opportunity for the company and its workers to literally leave the industry's old ways behind and embrace some of the lessons that Japan was teaching, with an American twist.
THE MARKETS: Market Place; Drug Maker Discloses Data About a Pact With Pfizer
*Peter M Nichols Home Video column recommends Amazon.com's MGM Movie Vault, selection of videos made from MGM's archive of thousands of films; photo (M)
For Verizon, the deal represents the end of a long and unsuccessful effort to profit by selling movies and other content over its telephone lines.
Liz Hartge, a spokeswoman for Wieden & Kennedy, said that in addition to the complaints, which had been ''somewhat expected,'' Nike and the agency had also been praised for the commercial.
As one of the brightest lights of the Internet revolution, Cisco Systems has long been looked to as the company that not only supplies the equipment that holds the Web together but also understands how information technology makes business work smarter.
Bristol-Myers Squibb, which is based in New York, employs about 43,000 people, 6,000 of them in New Jersey.
In the comparable period last year, Cisco had sales of $6.7 billion.
The agreement was presented at a meeting here by the Coca-Cola chairman, E. Neville Isdell, who handed Mr. Monti the company's offer to desist from practices that European regulators contend undermine competition.
I.B.M.
Mr. Bath said AT&T's profit was diluted by costs associated with its $3.3 billion acquisition of Lin Broadcasting in September.
Pfizer Inc asks several ad agencies on its roster to develop new creative ideas for direct-to-consumer account of Viagra, which is handled by Cline Davis & Mann; billings estimated at $90 million to $100 million (S)
Microsoft now has 187 million active Hotmail accounts, an increase of 45 percent in the last year.
David Trone, an analyst at Prudential Securities, said Morgan Stanley's noncompensation expenses were ''substantially higher'' than expected.
Region around Sam Walton's hometown of Bentonville, Arkansas, long defined by pine forests, poultry farms and old-timers in pickup trucks, is now among six fastest-growing metropolitan areas in US, mecca for manufacturers eager to be in Wal-Mart's backyard; photos; map; result is not only population boom but shift from simple country style that once defined Wal-Mart and Bentonville to something sleeker, spiffier and suburban; Morningstar analyst Michael Porter likens lure to lobbyists flocking to Washington; newcomers favor gated neighborhoods, sushi restaurants and gourmet shops of 'showy lifestyle' that Walton disdained; region now has 300,000 people, Bentonville 22,000; some 450 companies with ties to nation's largest company now have offices in area, with 1,500 more expected soon; pressures on wages, land prices and infrastructure noted (M)
Subsequent articles described Interpublic's conducting a financial audit or internal investigation at Western.
In the case of the three giants, Sony is intent on creating an around-the-clock home entertainment portal, Nintendo has focused on a game-appliance strategy and Microsoft is bringing its PC-centric strategy to a consumer electronics world, Mr. Galanos said.
Human Genome Sciences is beginning to look to some analysts like just another 'me-too' drug company; problem is that earliest drugs developed using Human Genome's gene-hunting technology have proved disappointing when tested on people; company is becoming more dependent on improved versions of tried-and-true drugs; such drugs represent nearly half products Human Genome has in clinical trials; company says it is dropping mirostipen, one of its most advanced genomics-based drugs, because drug has not shown sufficient effectiveness in clinical trial testing concerning whether it could increase infection-fighting white blood cells in cancer patients receiving chemotherapy; company says it will develop, for same use, longer-lasting form of G-CSF, protein already sold as Neupogen by Amgen; chief executive William A Haseltine comments; photo (Market Place column) (M)
Ford Motor Co says it expects operating profit in third quarter; chairman-chief executive William Clay Ford Jr says company will beat analysts' forecasts (M)
Commercial banks like First Union or Bank of America tend to carry loans on their books at par, or 100 cents on the dollar, as long as they still pay interest.
Led by the Target Corporation, which had revenue of almost $44 billion last year, the metropolitan region is home to 17 Fortune 500 companies.
The request could be made as early as today when the Justice Department and states are scheduled to reply to a Microsoft motion requesting that Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson reject or pare back the case.
Facebook also sees marketing opportunities in its new Newsfeed feature, which lets users see all the new information and photos added by their friends in one place.
Instead of allowing companies to upgrade existing software, Microsoft is asking customers to sign up for a three-year subscription, in which they would pay an initial sum and then purchase new software as it is released.
The fact that Microsoft's arrangements with various firms did not foreclose enough of the relevant market to constitute a Section 1 violation in no way detracts from the court's assignment of liability for the same arrangements under Section 2.
Mr. Foley, whose labels produce Mr. Bocelli's records, among many others, said Amazon is taking advantage of a soft spot in the retail market that may not exist for long.
In recent weeks, he said, Goldman Sachs' management committee has twice relaxed his sales restrictions and allowed him to sell stock worth $50 million.
His remarks came a day after Oracle acknowledged hiring a detective agency in Washington, D.C., to document ties between Microsoft and three advocacy groups.
Duke Energy, Dynegy, the Williams Companies, Mirant and Calpine were among the companies the regulators ''put on notice that they must preserve all material that discusses such trading strategies, or similar trading strategies.''
Microsoft is expected to offer a first look today at some features of a new advertising system on the MSN search engine, part of the company's effort to match the success of Google in the paid Internet search business.
Chubb's approach is to continue to refuse coverage in the riskiest situations.
or FedEx.
audit staff has learned everything about Honeywell's costs and pricing strategies,'' the executive at Honeywell's rival said.
''The only thing we're keeping constant is the red and yellow colors, and the Kodak name,'' Mr. Gustin said.
had no interest in raising trade tensions even if the commission blocked the Honeywell deal.
New studies are raising questions about whether drugs that have been used by millions of cancer patients to treat anemia caused by chemotherapy and meant to reduce need for blood transfusions and give patients more energy might actually be harming them; drugs, sold by Amgen, Roche and Johnson & Johnson, may make cancer itself worse; Amgen says it strongly believes its drugs are 'safe and effective medicines when used in approved populations consistent with label dosing recommendations'; Food and Drug Administration is planning to convene advisory committee meeting to review products; Amgen makes Aranesp, with sales of $4.1 billion last year, as well as Epogen, which had sales of $2.5 billion; Johnson & Johnson, under license from Amgen, sells Procrit in US and Eprex abroad, with combined sales last year of $3.2 billion; Roche's drugs NeoRecormon and Epogin, sold only outside US, had sales last year of $1.8 billion; Roche is hoping to enter American market with new drug called Cera (M)
To hear the companies tell it, they were suddenly two halves of the same grapefruit: Boeing was the dominant builder of commercial aircraft, with a promising future in military contracting; McDonnell was a leading supplier to the armed services, with an enormous backlog of orders.
In May, Pfizer took another public relations hit with the disclosure of a Nigerian government report that said the company had acted improperly during a 1996 clinical trial of Trovan, an antibiotic, on children with meningitis.
Under the draft plan, Dow Jones would continue to have its own 12-member board, with 7 directors appointed by the News Corporation.
In the year since Turner was betrothed to Time Warner, Bell Atlantic merged with Nynex and SBC Communications acquired Pacific Telesis Group.
In a conference call with analysts after its announcement, Apple said that it had been significantly increasing its share in the United States education market.
Wal-Mart called the study ''pro-union.''
Priceline.com Inc says Cheung Kong (Holdings) Ltd and Hutchison Whampoa Ltd, companies controlled by Hong Kong tycoon Li Ka-Shing, are no longer seeking to sell shares in Priceline and might increase their stake; two companies own 27 percent, but request approved by Priceline's board will allow them to increase it to 37.5 percent (S)
Amazon's shares rose 50 cents, to $15.44, right after it released its numbers, in after-hours trading, but they settled at $15, 6 cents above their 4 p.m. close of $14.94.
In December, Intel raised its revenue forecast to a range of $9.3 billion to $9.5 billion, from the $8.6 billion to $9.2 billion it had predicted at the end of the third quarter.
A spokeswoman for the American Civil Liberties Union said that censorship would be a concern only if Yahoo were the sole avenue for adult materials online.
At Saatchi & Saatchi in New York, Ron Arnold and Mark Cacciatore were named to the new posts of executive vice presidents and worldwide executive group directors on the account of General Mills.
But for months, the company, which spends huge sums for advertising and endorsements by big-name athletes, has responded increasingly forcefully to complaints about its employment practices, as student groups have demanded that universities doing business with Nike hold it to higher standards.
Unless the price is above $22.62 for the 20 days before the deal closes, Guidant shareholders will end up with less than the full $27 billion Boston Scientific agreed to pay.
A federal appeals court in Washington freed Barnesandnoble.com yesterday to allow customers to buy books on its Web site with one mouse click, at least until a trial considers an assertion by Amazon.com that such transactions infringe its patent.
Motorola will not generate revenue from Iridium before 1998 at the earliest but will have heavy deployment costs next year.
Maestro, based in New York, expects to start operating this summer.
''I had been worried that I.B.M.
While some of the McDonald's menu will be eliminated, several products will be added, including McGriddles, which are breakfast pancake sandwiches.
Apple's ''Think different'' campaign has been eagerly awaited in part because of how Mr. Jobs orchestrated publicity for the commercial's appearance last night.
Significantly, Cisco said that orders for networking equipment from United States corporate customers were above its expectations for the quarter, but it also cautioned that the trend was likely not to continue.
Comcast is the nation's third-largest cable company, with 8.4 million subscribers.
Gemstar-TV Guide International, which produces interactive TV guide and channel navigator, has amassed so much power that Justice Dept has asked to review its business documents because of accusations by competitors that it has built monopoly; Gemstar, headed by Henry C Yuen and part-owned by Rupert Murdoch's News Corp, says company simply gives viewers ability to make informed choices in rapidly changing media environment, especially for digital- or satellite-television subscribers trying to make sense of dizzying array of channels; says it operates within antitrust laws; in fact, its programming guide may influence what viewers watch because some of what is seen on screen are advertisements; photos (M)
Authors Guild questions Amazon.com's new feature that lets users search for specific words or phrases in database of texts of 120,000 books and see few pages of each book in which phrase appears; holds publishers do not have right to make book contents available without author's permission; Amazon touts feature as sales tool; some publishing executives say they will weigh whether service hurts sales (M)
complaint focused on Intel's dealing with its customers -- not rivals or potential rivals who might challenge Intel.
In the most recent quarter, Motorola said its broadband communications and semiconductor products segments reported strong sales growth compared with figures in the period a year earlier.
Mr. Bryant said that even through mid-September, Intel still expected to post a blockbuster third quarter but that because of the weak euro and a rise in oil prices, demand in Europe had ''stopped dead in its tracks.''
And today, as mobs of people huddled near Microsoft's booth awaiting its opening, several shook their heads when asked whether they sensed the dawn of an era in which Microsoft would lose its dominance.
The European Union said Airbus could forgo launch aid so long as Boeing gave up its indirect subsidies, including research and development funds from NASA and the Pentagon.
Like other travel companies, Priceline has experienced a drop in business in the wake of last week's terrorist attacks.
The Power Computing Corporation, the largest maker of Macintosh clones, has agreed to license a new computer operating system produced by Be Inc., jumping ahead of Apple Computer Inc., which has been seeking an alliance with Be.
But this consensus has been evolving over the last couple of weeks as we watched what's in the news, as we talked to investment advisers.''
Samuel J. Palmisano, the chairman and chief executive of I.B.M., pointed to strength in the software business, where revenue was $4.2 billion, an increase of 5 percent from the comparable period last year, as well as in the company's mainframe business.
The News Corporation entered the faster-growing in-store coupon business about a year ago, competing directly with Heritage's Actmedia.
Unless AT&T  can persuade the commission to increase the discount, the company says it will serve only its existing customers.
Industry executives, including those from McDonald's, emphasized new, healthier offerings and their increased efforts to promote exercise.
Dow Jones industrial average drops 379.21 points, or 3.6 percent, to 10,034.58, its lowest level since March on news that oil prices are surging, tumoil in Middle East is escalating and earnings at Home Depot will be worse than expected; Nasdaq composite index loses 93.81 points, or 3 percent, closing at 3,074.68, its lowest point for year; Standard & Poor's 500-stock index falls 34.81 points, or 2.6 pecent, to 1,329.78; all major stock indexes are deep in negative territory for year; Standard & Poor's 500-stock index is down 9.5 percent so far while Dow Jones industrials have lost 12.7 percent of their value and Nasdaq is down 24.4 percent for year; graph; chart (M)
Next year, Merck, the giant pharmaceutical company, plans to open a glassy modern 300,000-square-foot, 12-story building on the English Gothic campus, on one acre leased from the college for 75 years.
Johnson & Johnson has offered to pay $75 a share, or about $24 billion, the executives said.
Billions of dollars of oil investments are quietly transforming wilderness of Fort McMurray, Alberta, into what may soon be continent's leading oil producing area north of Gulf of Mexico; within five years, oil flowing south from Alberta's oil sands is expected to surpass current output of one million barrels a day from Alaska's North Slope; by end of decade, two million barrels per day is to be pumped from Alberta into North American pipeline network that stretches from Portland, Ore, to Portland, Me, helping feed market in US that now consumes about 20 million barrels of oil per day; oil companies involved in project include Suncor Energy, Syncrude Canada, Gulf Oil, Exxon Mobil, Royal Dutch/Shell Group and Chevron; map; photos (M)
Quest Communications International, after losing auction for MCI to Verizon Communications despite higher offer, reportedly is considering proposals to make another $8 billion bid for MCI (M)
The big market for computer server software is also crucial to Microsoft's future.
The first meeting took place on the Tuesday before Thanksgiving, and several days later the two Silicon Valley companies were deeply involved in talks to Friday's announcement of the $400 million merger that brought Mr. Jobs back to Apple.
Beth Keck, a Wal-Mart spokeswoman, gave details showing that several factories criticized by Mr. Lynn had fixed their problems.
EMACHINES AND MICROSOFT TEAM UP
The program could cost I.B.M.
Deutsche Bank has also downgraded Intel in recent weeks.
Investigations by Securities and Exchange Commission and New York Attorney General Elliot Spitzer of transaction between American International Group and General Re that may have improperly allowed AIG to inflate its premium revenue are adversely impacting AIG's stock and credit rating; regulators are now looking at other finite insurance transactions that may have been used by AIG to improve appearance of its financial statements (M)
The General Motors Corporation said yesterday that it had expanded its agency roster by naming Modernista in Boston to handle the account of the Hummer brand of wide-body vehicles.
Chevron shares rose $1.375 yesterday, to $96.25, after falling 3 percent on Friday.
CBS has also ordered six episodes of a comedy called ''Rules of Engagement,'' which examines the romantic entanglements of a group of New Yorkers.
Standard & Poor's confirmed Coca-Cola Femsa's credit rating, despite the new debt, which Mr. Fernández said the company expected to pay down over the next six years.
Pentair, Minneapolis, to Fitzgerald & Co., Atlanta, part of the McCann-Erickson World Group unit of the Interpublic Group of Companies, to handle advertising for its Delta Machinery and Porter-Cable power tool maker brands.
Still, the move almost certainly means that AT&T will sell less equipment to Bell Atlantic than it would have were it making the purchasing decisions.
Mediacom, media services unit of Grey Advertising, and CBS Broadcast International are teaming up to form Eyeventure Media and Entertainment, with offices in Hong Kong, London, Miami and New York; terms undisclosed; William Kunkel is named president and chief executive of Eyeventure; Omnicom Group acquires Eden Communications Group; financial terms undisclosed (S)
Motorola slipped from the rankings of the world's 10 largest semiconductor companies last year for the first time since the 1950's, according to IC Insights, a market research firm in Scottsdale, Ariz.
Tyco will be severely limited in its ability to help CIT lower its financing costs, a benefit that helped Citigroup persuade shareholders to rally around its $31.1 billion purchase of the Associates First Capital Corporation in September, analysts said.
Several Wal-Mart executives have moved into houses in the Pinnacle development, said Jay W. Allen, a company spokesman, adding that Wal-Mart is committed, as always, to investing its profits back into its stores.
Microsoft agrees to pay about $200 million to settle consumer class-action lawsuits in North Carolina, Tennessee, North Dakota, South Dakota, Kansas and District of Columbia; suits contend Microsoft used it monopoly position to overcharge customers for software; similar suits are pending in five other states (M)
Nike had expected its third quarter to be flat compared with results in the period a year earlier ''because of weakness in our U.S. footwear revenues,'' Philip H. Knight, the chairman and chief executive, said in a statement.
Boeing, responsible for marketing the project, will hold talks with other Russian airlines this week to determine their financial capabilities and the scope of demand for such an aircraft.
''News Corporation is global,'' said Allen Weiner, research director at Gartner Inc. ''If they're going to use the strategy they're using in the U.S. -- which is that MySpace is a portal but also a platform for content delivery -- then each and every market is important.''
Indeed, Verizon Wireless is considering whether to make a separate bid for Sprint alone.
Mr. Zuendt said the biggest problems resulted from a shortage of experienced bankers to answer the telephone lines that Wells Fargo wants to use to replace conversations in branches.
The presenters, including Ali al-Naimi, the oil minister, are hoping to find investors for $25 billion in gas exploration projects, after the breakdown of two years of negotiations with major oil companies including Exxon Mobil, Royal Dutch/Shell, BP and TotalFina Elf in recent months.
On Tuesday, Mr. Semel also said that Yahoo had expanded its advertising partnership with eBay to include eBay's payment service, PayPal.
A group of eight other companies, led by Microsoft and Prodigy, wrote a letter to America Online's chairman, Stephen M. Case, arguing that the best thing he could do to further instant-message standards was to stop blocking their programs.
''The county has formulated a fiscal plan which addresses the issues raised by Moody's,'' Mr. Fabiano said.
Intel executives are expected to dispute the blacklisting charges and say there was nothing wrong with withholding chip technology from Intergraph, Compaq and Digital.
Brinda Dalal, anthropologist at Xerox's Palo Alton Research Center, will assist in joint effort with chemists at Xerox Research Center of Canada to develop 'erasable paper' system; goal is to recycle paper documents produced by company's copiers--potentially unlimited number of times; prototype system has printed information on document that 'disappears' within 16 hours (M)
The summer of 2003 was proving to be a disaster for the FirstEnergy Corporation, with angry customers, hostile state regulators, a forced reduction of its reported profits and a court loss in a major pollution case.
AMERICAN AIRLINES PROTEST Flight attendants for American Airlines will be picketing at domestic airports today to protest $180 million in bonuses the carrier is preparing to pay to about 1,000 top managers, according to the Association of Professional Flight Attendants, which represents nearly 20,000 flight attendants at American.
For the first quarter of this year, Sprite had double-digit global and domestic volume growth to 1.2 billion cases, Mr. Zyman said, adding that Coca-Cola expected growth in at least the high teens for the remainder of the year.
While DaimlerChrysler has a relatively young work force and has been hiring more workers to keep up with demand for its sport utility vehicles and pickup trucks, the Ford Motor Company and particularly the General Motors Corporation have large, older work forces that they have been trying to reduce through attrition.
If Federal District Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson finds Microsoft guilty of antitrust violations -- as his exhaustive findings of fact published nine days ago indicate he will -- a new proceeding will determine what should be done to be sure Microsoft can no longer illegally wield monopoly power.
The cardiovascular business, which includes stents, accounted for less than 10 percent of Medtronic's $2.69 billion in revenue in its fiscal first quarter, which ended July 29.
Cellular telephones using digital technology have become the standard, and the Finnish company Nokia has garnered substantial market share in recent years from Motorola, which has long been wedded to analog technology.
The merger would create the second-largest bottler in the Coca-Cola system, stretching from Ireland to Italy and Nigeria to Siberia.
Yahoo's purchase of HotJobs.com, if completed, will pit the Web portal against Monster.com, the top online job recruiting site.
Op-Ed article by Henry Blodget, former stock analyst, says bonuses awarded this year to Goldman Sachs employees--a total $16.5 billion or some $623,000 per employee--may not have been generous enough; says Goldman, Sachs employees consistently surpass those at other firms in taking risks, adapting to change and developing profitable opportunities; says they even paid themselves less as percentage of revenue this year than they did last and less than employees of other Wall Street firms (M)
Boeing swept in afterward to make sure the rocket design was sound.
Level 3 Communications, the operator of a large fiber optic communications network, said yesterday that it would cut 1,400 jobs, or nearly a quarter of its work force, as the company faces a bleak sales outlook over the next two years.
Federal Judge Federico A Moreno allows group of managed care companies that have been accused of fraud to ask appeals court for immediate ruling on whether they are open to racketeering claims, move that lawyers for sides say could speed final decision; Moreno ruled last month that lawyers who represent health plan subscribers could proceed with claims of fraud under Racketeer Influenced and Corruption Organizations Act against Aetna, Cigna and United Healthcare; Humana is also RICO defendant under earlier ruling; plaintiffs contend health maintenance organizations violated racketeering law by conspiring to withhold medical care and by not telling HMO members that doctors were rewarded financially for doing so (M)
Indeed, when Mr. Blank tours a Home Depot store -- each year, he visits roughly 100 of the 657 stores -- employees trail along like ducklings, waiting for proclamations on a shower head display or checkout efficiency.
Boston Scientific, meanwhile, is embroiled in patent disputes with the other stent giant, Johnson & Johnson, in federal court in Delaware.
I.B.M.
Such investors, Ms. Kozloff added, are drawn to companies like Coach, Nordstrom and other specialty and department stores.
In results that narrowly beat analysts' expectations, Coca-Cola Enterprises said yesterday that its second-quarter profit rose 26 percent.
Google has struck a deal to allow Web site owners to put video clips from Viacom, including ''SpongeBob SquarePants'' and MTV's ''Laguna Beach: The Real Orange County'' on their pages.
Global Investment Group, part of American International Group.
News Corporation praised the agreement as a ''template'' of future Internet deals.
But in a conference call with analysts today, Intel executives said they saw slowed growth in all market sectors, across the world.
At Amazon, there was considerable discussion about how to design  the program that the company labels ''E-merchandising.''
Currently, Microsoft's MSN search has 11 percent of the search market and AOL, which currently uses Google to power its Web search, has 8 percent, according to Nielsen NetRatings.
Viacom Inc will acquire CBS Corp for $37.3 billion in biggest media merger ever, creating world's second-largest media company after Time Warner Inc; Viacom chairman Sumner Redstone will run combined companies if merger is completed; deal adds major broadcast television network to Viacom's media portfolio, which includes highly profitable cable television networks, film studio and video-rental chain; CBS chief executive Mel Karmazin will become Redstone's second-in-command and heir apparent as president and chief operating officer; all Viacom and CBS units will report to him; acquisition signals another change in ownership of three once-independent major broadcast networks; Viacom could emerge as world's largest seller of advertising; chart; photo (M)
The details of the new relationship came as Microsoft and Palm unveiled a Windows version of Palm's popular line of cellphone-organizers, the Treo, in a combined effort to capture a market that has eluded them both: corporate customers.
The departures of Mr. Perella and Mr. Meguid are, in some ways, the most damaging yet for Morgan Stanley.
''Microsoft has demonstrated time and again that through their sheer power and immense wealth, they can easily evade behavioral remedies designed to constrain their unlawful activity,'' said Edward J.
In his ruling earlier this month, Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson found that Microsoft was a predatory monopolist whose illegal conduct stifled competition.
Nevertheless, the debut of the Raptor, scheduled for today, will be toasted happily at the Air Force and at Lockheed Martin, which yesterday posted a third-quarter earnings increase of 41 percent and is set to reach sales of about $35 billion this year.
AT&T has been trying to sell the stake, but the only obvious buyer is AOL Time Warner, so AT&T has had little leverage in those negotiations.
In Nasdaq trading today, the shares of Apple rose 87.5 cents, to close at $18.75.
Repeated requests by phone and e-mail for comment from Mr. Ellison, the Oracle chairman, were unavailing.
Shares of Northeast Utilities rose 12.5 cents yesterday, to $21.25, while Con Edison fell 75 cents, to $36.4375.
Thus it is disturbing that the Federal Aviation Administration, as reported this week by Matthew  Wald of The Times, is proposing to forgo its usual competitive bidding procedures and instead simply designate the Lockheed Martin Corporation to upgrade a computer system crucial to the nation's air traffic control network.
Cynthia M Trudell is named chairwoman and president of General Motors' Saturn division, first woman to head car division at any domestic or foreign auto maker; GM, faced with shrinking small-car market and struggling to repair its once-legendary labor relations, appointed Trudell who is an expert on sport utility vehicles and factory management; Saturn's current chairman and president, Donald W Hudler, is retiring and will become chief executive of Saturn Retail Enterprises, separate company that GM is setting up with some Saturn dealers to own dealerships jointly; photo (M)
''The vast majority of people at risk do not have previous warning,'' said Gregory Reeves, a spokesman for Merck.
And in a subsequent string of e-mails, Microsoft employees laid out how they would pose the questions to get the answers Mr. Gates wanted.
A leading privacy group intends to file a formal complaint with the Federal Trade Commission about Microsoft's plans to bundle its Passport identification system for collecting personal information into its new Windows XP operating system.
Analysis of bid by states that opted out of Justice Department-led antitrust settlement with Microsoft for stronger measures they say are needed to prvent company from repeating its illegal conduct in new markets; Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly has agreed to hear testimony on new markets in context of appropriate remedy, while refusing to rule on scope of remedy proceeding (M)
Wal-Mart
The company has also enlarged the drawing of its hobble-skirt-shaped contour Coke bottle, tilted it, and expanded the size of its ''Always Coca-Cola'' red disk to engulf practically the entire can.
Mattel's wholesale shipments of the doll were down 14 percent last year, although the company says that retail sales increased.
The move by Hewlett-Packard will bring it increasingly into competition with major copier manufacturers like Xerox, Ricoh, Canon and Minolta as it seeks new ways to expand its printer business.
Katrina forced Entergy to shut -- temporarily in most cases -- 15 fossil fuel plants and 3 nuclear units.
In the last few months, Cisco Systems and other networking companies have reported big gains in their sales and profits, fueling a revival in technology stocks.
The results lifted Apple shares as much as $2.08 after hours.
In the last month, Verizon has labored to restore service or provide new service for customers that have moved to other parts of the city or to New Jersey.
In recent days, officials at the Boeing Company, the General Electric Company and the Intel Corporation have dismissed worries about the dollar.
Exxon rose 12.5 cents, to $65.125.
A.T.& T. Global Service
Mr. Vincent said Schering-Plough had assured Biogen that it could make up for the Japanese price cut by aggressively increasing the volume of worldwide sales of its alpha interferon product, Intran A.
The report's lead author later said that Johnson & Johnson's money had no influence on the group's conclusions.
In a conference call with financial analysts yesterday, Mr. Fishman, who was a close aide to Mr. Weill as he built Citigroup into the world's biggest financial services company through a series of mergers, described the deal as a merger of equals, with no premium for Travelers, though Travelers stockholders will exchange their shares for St. Paul stock.
Financially, the deal will not have much impact on Kodak.
Wal-Mart Tries to Shine Its Image By Supporting Public Broadcasting
In Nahanni, Enron formed an off-the-books entity that was financed with $485 million in borrowings from Citigroup, which was then used to purchase government securities.
She added that Wal-Mart's critics often ignored that the company contributes to employee 401(k) plans and promotes more than 9,000 hourly workers each year into management.
Citigroup attributed its third-quarter troubles to three main areas: the poor performance of its private equity and alternative investment division; a tougher trading quarter for its commodities, interest rate, and foreign exchange groups; and weak 9 percent revenue growth in its international consumer businesses.
In Colorado Springs in 1998, a district official sent all teachers a letter suggesting that they make sure vending machines were turned off only for the half-hour before and after breakfast, to meet the Coke-imposed sales minimum of 70,000 cases a year.
When a manufacturer like Cisco tells its suppliers to stop or slow production, said Jim Sacherman, a vice president at Flextronics, the second-largest contract manufacturer, ''it's not that someone didn't get the message to turn it off.''
American Airlines and Southwest Airlines reported results yesterday that painted a stark picture of the floundering airline industry.
said, because it has only until 2008 to install new computers before I.B.M.
The 8.7 million Americans who subscribe to DirecTV, a General Motors subsidiary, buy nearly $200 million a year in pay-per-view sex films from satellite, according to estimates provided by distributors of the films,  estimates the company did not dispute.
Shasha Richardson, a spokeswoman for Nordstrom.com, said it was the first time the company had tried to gather e-mail addresses in this manner, and would not necessarily do so again.
Ford Motor, for example, said today that it had increased its spending on rebates and other marketing expenses to 12 percent of revenue from 11 percent.
Although the Home Depot would not release sales figures, Kathryn Gallagher, a company spokeswoman, said there was a growing trend of men putting prefab sheds to various recreational uses in a quest for ''a little place to get away.''
According to Gerard Meuchner, a Kodak spokesman, Sony had been trying to negotiate a licensing arrangement with Sony for three years, and filed suit only after it became clear the talks were leading nowhere.
A tiny company in Seattle is introducing a technology today that industry analysts say could loosen the Microsoft Corporation's firm grip on the valuable real estate of personal computer screens.
''We felt really good about the numbers,'' Steven P. Jobs, Apple's chief executive, said in a telephone interview.
Angola's decision to make public the money it is receiving from ChevronTexaco may represent a ''real turning point'' for the country, Mr. Mellor said.
By the time the markets closed today, Oracle's chief executive, Lawrence J. Ellison, had suffered a loss on paper of about $2 billion.
In a survey conducted last year by Talkers, Fox News Channel was the primary nonradio news source for talk-radio news listeners, Mr. Harrison said.
Ads for Ford's New Explorer Sidestep Safety Issue
Amazon did not announce many details of its new service, and it would not comment on its planned pricing for songs and albums.
More than 16,000 engineers and technical workers at Boeing Co go on strike after contract negotiations break down over wages and health care coverage; walkout, only second in last 56 years for Society of Professional Engineering Employees in Aerospace union, is not expected to hurt Boeing's in the near-term; photo (M)
Wal-Mart Stores files suit against Thomas M Coughlin, former vice chairman, seeking to void his retirement package and to recover funds company says he fraudulently siphoned from company; Coughlin photo (M)
A Chevron spokesman in London, Michael R. Barrett, said the timing of the placement in Russia was coincidental and not intended to raise Chevron's visibility during the Shtokman talks.
Intel, the world's largest chip maker, based in Santa Clara, Calif., said the revenue for the current quarter would be $6.4 billion to $7 billion, the same broad range it presented a year ago for the second quarter.
Mr. Babbio said Bell Atlantic would continue to buy much of its equipment from AT&T.
The News Corporation rose 6 cents, to $26.27, while Viacom dropped $1.06, to $42.32.
Chambers and $10 million from Cisco's chairman, John P. Morgridge.
1 in this company,'' Mr. Marriott said.
He argued that to focus on Microsoft's commanding market share was to misread the nature of the computing industry, which he characterized as far more dynamic and competitive than nontechnology industries.
AOL executives said they no longer needed Microsoft to provide it with visibility, because they advertise heavily, distribute their software widely on compact discs and have computer makers load their software on new machines.
Asda, Wal-Mart's British subsidiary, has introduced a line of wedding cards and ''commitment rings'' this week -- just in time for the country's legalization of gay civil partnerships.
In the letter, Mr. de Vink wrote that Warner's board was ''disappointed'' that it was in such a dispute with Pfizer and that Pfizer's actions do not agree ''with the way we believe partners should treat one another.''
In interviews with consumers first contacted for a New York Times poll, many said they were shopping at chains like Wal-Mart and Target first this season, hoping to find a deal, before venturing to the mall for a final round of gifts.
Mostly notably, Jamie Dimon, co-chairman and co-chief executive of Travelers' Salomon Smith Barney investment banking and brokerage unit, was named Citigroup's president.
The story of Home Depot's beginnings is practically the stuff of retail legend.
While Mr. Heyman was chairman of Citigroup Investments Inc. at the time, he is now executive vice president and chief investment officer of the St. Paul Companies.
Correction: April 10 Business Day article on criminal investigation into Duke & Company, defunct New York brokerage firm, misstated trading status of stocks of Sel-Leb Marketing Inc and IFS International Inc, companies that Duke took public
One indication of their more aggressive approach came yesterday when an I.B.M.
Don L. Padilla, an intellectual property lawyer for A.T.& T., said Mr. Caserta's claims last week that Spectrum would reap "hundred of millions of dollars in royalties" from A.T.& T. and its affiliates was "a gross exaggeration."
''We certainly have evidence the our management workers have experienced abuse from the pickets, sometimes dangerously so,'' said Eric Rabe, a Verizon spokesman.
General Motors is having a bad month.
Safa Rashtchy, an analyst at Piper Jaffray, said Amazon would benefit from providing investors with more details about what exactly is driving the company's growth.
Of the deals involving Time Warner, many experts think that the one with EMI faces the tougher resistance, because European officials seem intent on forcing EMI or Warner to sell some important record labels.
Microsoft's power emanates from its near-monopoly on the market for personal computer operating systems, the master control programs that run computers.
The survey, which reflects fares paid by clients of American Express Business Travel, a corporate travel management company, encompasses first-class, unrestricted coach and discount coach tickets.
But Karl A. Backus, a principal in the firm that designed the company's second plan, said he was not sure Apple would be willing to make further changes.
On Friday, Apple cut prices up to 27 percent for much of its product line, including its Power Mac desktop machines and Performa computers.
Amgen will also obtain Abgenix's manufacturing plant in Fremont.
"This growth-oriented plan is consistent with the interests of all of AT&T's stakeholders."
In addition to developing software to play HD-DVD discs on PC's, Microsoft may also create software so its new Xbox game console, which will be released later this year, will be able to play HD-DVD discs.
Analysis of Justice Department's escalating antitrust battle with Microsoft Corp; companies in many fields fear competitive threat to them posed by Microsoft's near-monopoly over PC desktop, as main Windows screen is known; Justice Department is concerned that browser software that makes desktop portal to Internet gives Microsoft power to steer consumers to own Internet sites or those of companies that pay for desktop position; is expected to try to break Microsoft's grip on desktop by letting personal computer makers load Internet services chosen by customers before shipping machines; photo (M)
More recently, PNC signed a one-year deal with I.B.M., but only because it promised to maintain the low pricing.
In an interview after the conference call, Mr. Case, who will be the chairman of AOL Time Warner, said he was surprised by the drop in AOL's stock.
This is the second time that the Maryland legislature, which is dominated by Democrats, has passed the Wal-Mart bill.
''This is Microsoft fighting, kicking and screaming, to deliver the bare minimum," Mr. Loiacono said.
Editorial says proposed mergers of J P Morgan Chase and Bank One, and Bank of America and FleetBoston Financial, signifies advent of nationwide commercial banks; says this is healthy, long overdue development; says banks were hindered from operating in more than one state until Congress finally passed interstate banking law in mid-1990's that encouraged current wave of consolidation; says latest mergers bring together players from different regions, so they do not lessen competition in given market; says federal regulators need to ensure that future bank mergers do not undermine competition
The stock fell 16 percent, shaving $26 billion off Citigroup's market value and leaving it down 47 percent for the year.
But because the new machines are much more profitable than the older ones, and because they help sales of I.B.M.
At the moment, though, the focus is on the long-awaited transition, and executives at the Norfolk Southern Corporation and the CSX Corporation say they are doing everything they can to make it go smoothly.
Big Contractor Sues Raytheon in the Sale of a Unit
Quite obviously I don't have to continue to work at Microsoft or any company, but I choose to because 20 years later it's that same sense of what software can do for people that captures my enthusiasm.''
The agreement comes as part of a settlement announced yesterday between Citigroup and the New York attorney general's office, which after reports of problems with the program spent six months investigating whether the benefits system was working.
That would have been true even if Morgan Stanley had informed prosecutors immediately about the payment and entered it into its books properly.
Investors in Motorola appeared to have feared that the company's outlook would be even gloomier than it turned out to be.
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter.
after the cancellation, Verizon Wireless and other big companies agreed to pay a total of $16 billion for the licenses that the government confiscated from NextWave and put out for resale.
Under the terms of the deal, each Immunex share will be acquired for 0.44 share of Amgen plus $4.50 in cash.
TiVo Inc., which is promoting its digital video recorders with an aggressive consumer campaign, plans to announce today that the Omnicom Group in New York will become the first member of what is known as the TiVo strategic advertising agency partnership program.
The business begins with about 21,500 employees, combining the forces of I.B.M.
* Symbol Technologies, Holtsville, N.Y., a wireless technology company, to the New York offices of Draft Worldwide and Golin/Harris International, owned by the Interpublic Group of Companies, as lead agencies for the company's first integrated marketing and communications account.
If the Justice Department prevents Microsoft from folding the browser directly into Windows 98, PC users might have less incentive to upgrade to that newer Windows version.
''The immediate opportunity is for Kodak to exploit the non-U.S. distribution of YesVideo's service,'' said Ted Lewis, a senior vice president at Kodak.
Verizon Communications indicated yesterday that it was nearing an agreement with its two main unions, but a spokesman for the company's largest union said little progress was being made.
Mr. Wylie's suit is coupled with one from Debra Miller of Watsonville, Calif., who accuses Air France, Continental Airlines and Boeing of the same failure.
The unfolding events have caused some analysts to predict that the firm is more likely to sell or spin off the brokerage or Discover card businesses, but Mr. Purcell, who has spent his entire career cobbling together disparate financial parts that make up today's Morgan Stanley, said this would not be the case.
But his testimony is the basis for Microsoft's assertion that the company was not using the term in a generic way when it came up with the Windows name in 1983.
Corning said it lost $4.76 billion, or $5.13 a share, in the quarter as a sharp downturn in telecommunications caused demand to fall for its cable and fiber, which are used to build communications networks.
Pfizer Inc says third-quarter net income increased to $1.71 billion, about 30 percent more than $1.3 billion it earned a year ago; sales were $7.2 billion, up 7 percent over $6.7 billion in year-earlier quarter; Schering-Plough Corp reports its net income rose 14 percent, to $591 million, up from $518 million last year; sales rose to $2.4 billion from $2.2 billion in 1999 period (M)
Intel is the first to make commercially available a mass-market product integrating several functions onto a single chip, Mr. Entner said.
European Court of First Instance Judge Bo Vesterdorf calls meeting of all parties involved in Microsoft antitrust case in Luxembourg; Vesterdorf reportedly wants to discuss situation in light of withdrawal of Novell and Computer and Communications Industry Assn from trial (M)
Shares of Apple closed down 29 cents, at $26.64, but rose as high as $27.07 in after-hours trading.
Correction:  February 3, 2007, Saturday  Because of an editing error, an article and headline in Business Day yesterday about management changes at Gap Inc. misstated the circumstances surrounding the departure of Cynthia Harriss, the president of Gap brand.
The consequences of being given a poor territory were stark, according to Frank Warren, who joined Xerox in 1995.
McDonald's Reaches Deal With Studio
Supporters see France setting a long-overdue legal precedent that opens Apple's closed iPod-iTunes digital music system to competition.
Microsoft replies that the prosecutors are misinterpreting a routine meeting in the software business and that the company has never tried to divide the browser market.
Motorola had been expected to earn 49 cents a share in the first quarter, according to analysts surveyed by I.B.E.S.
Black, president of the Computer and Communications Industry Association, a trade group whose members include many of Microsoft's corporate adversaries, said he and other groups would be raising the incident as part of a court proceeding to consider the merits of the settlement.
Intel said the technical advance, in which the researchers use a component made from pure silicon to send data at speeds more than 50 times as fast as the previous record, is the first step toward building low-cost networks that will move data on light waves seamlessly between chips and computers and across large digital communications systems.
He said A.T. & T. people had been all over the country with videophones and rarely saw anything beyond a very temporary problem.
Today, as the 50,000-square-foot Whole Foods supermarket opens its doors, many have not changed their minds.
Workers at Union Carbide Corp's Danbury, Conn, headquarters expect Dow Chemical Co to sharply cutback or shut office when it takes over company; Mayor Gene F Eriquez, noting Union Carbide's gradual cutback, says city feels concern, not panic; United Way plans services for dismissed workers (M)
Bruce D. Given, chief executive of Encysive, whose drug is in the final stage of clinical trials, called the Viagra results ''good enough to bring Pfizer into the game with their marketing muscle,'' but ''not good enough to sink the rest of the products.''
Another AT&T argument is more complicated, with both Microsoft and the government falling afoul of history.
Other General Mills products also succeeded, in large part because of strong marketing and close identification with consumer desires.
With characteristic bluntness, Herbert D. Kelleher, the chairman and chief executive of the Southwest Airlines Company, informed employees yesterday that he was starting eight weeks of radiation treatment for prostate cancer in Houston.
That rise accelerated yesterday, fueled by a rumor that the American Express Company might buy Ameritrade.
Calpers has already voted against directors at Apple, which held its annual meeting last week.
While Xerox, which is based in Stamford, Conn., has dismissed Mr. Bingham's accusations, some investors and analysts think they deserve further scrutiny.
Despite the tough times, Apple executives vowed not to waver from their strategy of spending to develop new hardware and software products and opening stores.
American Express has considered merging with Citigroup in the past and a deal would bolster Citigroup's already Gargantuan credit card portfolio and card processing network; Mr. Weill has long espoused the need for greater representation among blacks on Wall Street, and Mr. Chenault is black; and Mr. Weill left American Express in the the 1980's after a falling out with James Robinson, the chairman at the time, so buying American Express would be a dramatic finish to a career of deal making for Mr. Weill.
Verizon Wireless, Cingular Wireless, AT&T Wireless and others who bought them at the auction need the licenses to expand service in congested areas like New York City.
Accounts of how the talks progressed and then broke down suggest that, at the least, Microsoft has become vulnerable to accusations from AOL and other competitors that its behavior has changed little since last year's bitter antitrust trial.
Intel bought 16 companies last year, at a total cost of $2.7 billion.
The artists were also asked to draw using only three colors to help the ads stand out: red and white, for the Target logo, and black.
CBS's pursuit of Ms. Couric has been the subject of a torrent of publicity over the last several months, with near-daily updates in some publications of Ms. Couric's inclinations to stay at NBC or leave for CBS.
Pfizer is now building a research center in New Haven to perform early stage drug testing, with PET scanning provided at nearby Yale University.
Express Scripts, moving to derail pending acquisition of Caremark RX by CVS, says it will nominate four directors to 11-member Caremark board; Caremark, whose board voted unanimously to reject $26 million hostile takeover offer, says vote will need to wait for its annual meeting, which is normally held in May and has not yet been scheduled; photo (M)
In addition, Boeing agreed to examine the pay of all its nonunion employees -- accounting for about half of its 202,000 workers -- over the next four years and make further adjustments if it finds evidence of pay disparities based on a formula agreed upon with the Labor Department.
The nation's largest software-industry trade group has warned the Government not to impose sanctions on Microsoft that could ''fracture'' the role of the company's Windows operating system as an industry standard, if the Government wins its antitrust suit against the Microsoft Corporation.
Pfizer did not disclose the size of its severance package to Mr. Rost but said it had offered him a package in line with other employees of Pharmacia forced out after the merger.
Cisco may well get most of Qwest's spending on Internet gear, but Qwest has not said it will build an all-Internet-based network -- something a rival long-distance carrier, Level 3 Communications Inc., has said it plans to do.
The suit against Microsoft was filed almost two years ago.
For Morgan Stanley, the case has been an embarrassment and it has played into the hands of eight retired Morgan Stanley executives who proposed last week that the firm be split in two.
He said he had expected that a suspension imposed on Boeing by the Air Force that bars the company from bidding on military rocket launches, valued at $1 billion, would have been lifted by now.
The Marriott Corporation had been hired to do maintenance, with the result that the church was at the mercy of the hotel chain's schedule.
Time Warner Makes Access Deal With Earthlink
And it says Microsoft is trying to maintain a chokehold on that gateway.
Spitzer Sues H&R Block On I.R.A.
The new annual fee for unlimited calling, while still nominal compared with other Internet calling plans, is part of a broader strategy by eBay to expand Skype's product offerings and revenue.
Dr. Wampler says it wouldn't take a great deal of investment to continue to improve the state of the art in grammar checking, but he concludes that will not happen in the face of the dominance of Microsoft Word.
Because of an editing error, an article last Wednesday about fruit certified by the Fair Trade movement, which seeks to improve the lives of farmers in developing countries, misstated the sales policy of the Whole Foods Market chain.
For Dresser-Rand employees, the problem arose because Halliburton sold the unit 17 months after acquiring its parent, Dresser Industries.
Mr. Palmisano, 50, who joined the company in 1973 and rose to become president and chief operating officer in 2000, is known as a highly personable executive with a knack for execution and the ability to integrate I.B.M.
Indeed, Transkaryotic is hoping to get all of Amgen's patents invalidated by claiming that Amgen defrauded the Patent and Trademark Office by withholding information about this prior work and about the chemical composition of its EPO.
The General Motors Acceptance Corporation, G.M.
The new Staples spot presents a refugee from corporate life who drives up a mountain, triumphantly shedding his tie, briefcase and other shackles of the business world.
Last year, though Boeing continued to turn out roughly twice as many planes, Airbus had signed orders for 476 planes, against 391 for Boeing.
In fact, the News Corporation reaped more cash flow from its local broadcast group in the last quarter than from any of its other myriad far-flung divisions.
Starbucks attributes its good fortune in a time of economic sickliness to being ingrained in the daily routine of millions of people.
Shares of Merck plummeted 27 percent in heavy trading yesterday, dropping $12.07, to close at $33.
Shares of Coca-Cola fell $1.11, to $46.89 yesterday.
I.B.M.
The Xerox Corporation said yesterday that it had lost $64 million, or 9 cents a share, in the first quarter, on revenue that had declined 11 percent, to $3.7 billion.
Co-Founders of Africana.com Sell Venture to Time Warner
In the requirement that Microsoft disclose technical information, one of these people said, the document is riddled with exceptions that seem to give Microsoft continuing control.
Sometimes the talks, Microsoft says, go on to include further levels of cooperation like licensing technology or a Microsoft investment, as the company discussed with Netscape.
''General Electric is very much a value buyer.
Company executives, including the chief executive, H. Lee Scott Jr., have made public statements about the benefits of working at Wal-Mart.
Louis V. Gerstner Jr., the chairman and former chief executive of I.B.M., has discreetly negotiated a deal to publish a book about his tenure at the company, and, unlike most executive-authors, he has already quietly written much of it by himself.
A.T.& T. is also studying ways to replace up to one-third of its 18,000 operators by the end of 1993 with computers that recognize voices.
Google and Yahoo each dominate one segment of the online advertising market.
(Yesterday, in a blow to Amazon, Microsoft named Barnesandnoble.com the exclusive bookseller on its MSN network of World Wide Web sites.
His strategic focus, Mr. Palmisano said, would be on the pragmatic benefits of Internet technology to I.B.M.
Microsoft said it would appeal the ruling.
Recently, AT&T shifted its focus to products and services directly linked to  the Internet.
Last week's decision on the AT&T account capped a successful week for Y.& R., which retained its estimated $70 million to $90 million account with the United States Postal Service and also won an estimated $40 million account with the Ford Motor Company in Europe, according to reports in Advertising Age and Adweek this week.
''Motorola really wanted to put a stake in the ground in the post-PC world,'' said Jonathan Cranin, a creative director at McCann-Erickson.
Mr. Ivester's statement was more penitent than his first apology issued last Wednesday, after health authorities in four European countries had already yanked Coca-Cola drinks from store shelves in the biggest recall in the company's 113-year history.
Even then, it is unclear just what Bank of America, a major issuer of Visa cards, will do with MBNA's MasterCard and American Express accounts.
Microsoft Revises Program To Protect E-Mail Users
When he would go in for an occasional business meeting, as he did the morning of Sept. 11 at Aon's offices on the 105th floor of 2 World Trade Center, he would actually look forward to it, Ms. Carlone said.
Yahoo increased its employee count by 400, to 10,500 full-time workers.
AT&T is under added pressure because its biggest long-distance rivals, the MCI Communications Corporation and the Sprint Corporation, are further along in  building local telephone infrastructures.
Under the agreement, Electronic Arts, the largest independent video game publisher, will pay $750 million to $850 million for the right to use the ESPN brand for games based on at least nine sports, including baseball, basketball and football, according to people briefed on the contract's terms.
Nike recently stopped selling to Copeland's Shopsports.Com.
Just about the last fate you would expect for the grungy $1 volumes sold on the sidewalk outside the Strand bookstore is to see them in Tiffany boxes, transformed into limited-edition objects of chic.
The outcome of a separate inspection of Coca-Cola plants in Belgium by the European Union remained unclear, as did the future of restrictions on Coca-Cola products in Luxembourg and the Netherlands.
The Fleishman-Hillard public relations agency, owned by the Omnicom Group, has agreed to a settlement valued at $5.7 million with the City of Los Angeles to end a lawsuit that charged the agency with deliberately overbilling for services as well as charging for work not performed.
Project Panama is Yahoo's attempt to make the ads placed alongside search results more likely to bebe clicked by users.
Those matters will be handled case by case, and Citigroup said yesterday that it would mount vigorous defenses.
Sedgwick and Willis Corroon were the last of the big competitors of Marsh and Aon, leaving a handful of smaller insurance brokers that analysts said were likely to be bought in coming months.
''The claims are factually incorrect and contradictory,'' Intel states in its response, filed in Federal District Court in Delaware.
As the wedding day moves closer for America Online and Time Warner, it is worth asking whether this couple seems as right for each other as they did when the engagement was announced in January.
On the news, Raytheon's share price rose $1.25, to $48.25, while General Motors stock rose 50 cents, to $60.625.
By handling a portion of its internal training over the Internet instead of in classrooms, I.B.M.
The court refused, but even so, Microsoft contends that the ruling does not provide a basis for a remedy that would require it to delete programs from Windows.
Intel has become somewhat of a bellwether for overall corporate earnings.
Qwest and Verizon in a Duel of Letters, Trying to Buy MCI
China's National Development and Reform Commission, the country's top economic planning agency, said this month that it had approved Intel's building of a $2.5 billion chip fabrication plant in the northeastern city of Dalian.
Microsoft is also offering search features meant to leverage the company's other online assets.
The campaign is part of efforts by Pfizer to maintain Viagra's lead in the market for erectile dysfunction treatments in the face of intense competition from two new prescription drugs, Cialis and Levitra.
In a statement, Merck said it had decided not to do the study because, among other things, it would have involved ''high-risk'' patients.
About 650 of more than 14,000 brokers left Morgan Stanley last quarter, he said, most quitting because, in such a poor market, they ''can't make it work.''
As a wired Silicon Valley company, of course, Cisco can move its business-to-business dealings onto the Internet sooner than many others.
XEROX -- More fun than deciphering the various explanations of why the French skating judge voted as she did was to figure out the relationships among the members of a dysfunctional family dining together in a commercial for the color copiers sold by Xerox.
Still, industry analysts expressed skepticism about Microsoft's court-ordered conversion to the virtues of offering more choice for the thousands of software developers who write programs in Java that are used for everything from animating Web sites to tracking stock prices.
To the analysts who are watching its turnaround, the Interpublic Group says: We're working on it.
Dell, in a first step toward transforming its ailing strategy of selling direct to consumers, said yesterday that it planned to offer computers at Wal-Mart Stores, starting in June.
''No PC makers would get up and take the stand against Intel,'' Mr. SLater said.
In the United States, Mr. Smith noted, Microsoft has heard repeatedly from the independent technical committee set up to monitor the company, as part of the settlement of the long-running federal antitrust suit against Microsoft.
Willem Zevenbergen, a spokesman for AT&T, said the cable system would be the most challenging project yet undertaken by AT&T Submarine Systems Inc. which has had 40 years of experience in installing such networks.
Sales at Gap's namesake brand and Old Navy have plunged, prompting the company's board to oust the chief executive, Paul S. Pressler, last month and to begin a review of the strategy at both chains.
In a conference call with analysts, John Chambers, Cisco's president and chief executive, said: ''Globally, business and government leaders are beginning to dramatically transform their traditional business models into Internet economy business models.
In an address to I.B.M.
Hartland deM Molson, former owner of Montreal Canadiens hockey team and heir of one of Canada's oldest business families, dies at age of 95; photo (M)
This afternoon, David Boies, the Government's lead trial lawyer, introduced a document from Microsoft files prepared last May.
Mr. Glaser said his company, based in Seattle, had developed a version of the Microsoft Media Player software that comes with the Windows operating system.
He said Joseph Clayton, Frontier's chief executive, called him early yesterday morning after Frontier's board meeting.
Assuming that the average disc Netflix sends out contains 8 gigabytes, that one company alone may be mailing out about 1,500 trillion bytes, or terabytes, each day.
system because I like their displays,'' said Kevin McCarthy, an analyst who follows I.B.M.
AT&T's broadband division drops its commitment to advanced set-top cable box that would have showcased Microsoft's interactive television software; move suggests that sophisticated interactive television in US in not near; about 240,000 advanced set-top boxes remain year and half in warehouse awaiting Microsoft's completion of software (M)
''It was a stupidity sweepstakes,'' said Richard Lewis, a worldwide managing director at TBWA Worldwide in New York, part of the Omnicom Group.
But now the Hormel Foods Corporation is looking to the Net as way to enhance the brand's image.
Analysts said that I.B.M.
And Sony and Kodak are in an intellectual property battle, with each company suing the other claiming patent infringement.
In his talk, Mr. Gates commented briefly on Microsoft's agreement with the Justice Department in its antitrust case and its continuing legal entanglement with nine states dissenting from the agreement.
But in an essay published earlier this year by Washington University in St. Louis, he acknowledged that Monsanto had suffered from some of the very faults cited now by critics.
Last October, as an uproar over the move by I.B.M.
''Apple has to let go of this ghost and invent the future,'' Mr. Jobs said.
Last week, Bill Gates, Microsoft's chairman and chief executive, added his voice to the chorus.
Financial analysts said the merger made sense for Symantec in the long run, but the next two years would be challenging because integrating operations and product lines could be difficult.
General Motors said today that it sold 484,168 cars and trucks in May, an increase of 12.4 percent over May 1997.
He joined I.B.M.
Aetna remains a defendant in other states, and both Aetna's Prudential units and Health Net remain defendants in fraud suits filed by doctors and medical societies.
Last week Yahoo raised $750 million by issuing convertible notes at what analysts described as extremely favorable terms.
Unlike Intel, Texas Instruments is becoming less and less attached to the personal computer industry -- a combination of good luck, years of planning and efforts by Mr. Engibous since he became chief executive at age 43 less than two years ago.
DEC. 11 -- E-mail from Comcast announced ''a very exciting transition to Comcast High-Speed Internet'' (encouraging, but I'd prefer it unexciting); all customers were to be transferred by Feb. 28 and we'd have access to our @Home e-mail until then.
''We had wanted it to be a little more spontaneous,'' Jan Klug, marketing communications manager at the Ford division of the Ford Motor Company said in a telephone interview yesterday from Dearborn, Mich. ''The spots were a little too scripted and a little too clean.''
Amazon, which was created as an online bookstore and now sells a wide range of goods, is already among the largest sellers of DVD's and VHS tapes.
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter posts earnings rise of 55 percent in fiscal third quarter ended Aug 31; net income surged to $970 million from $626 million in 1998 period (M)
Until now, ICL had supported Unix programs in addition to Microsoft products.
Verizon officials questioned the negative tenor of the union's remarks, suggesting that it was trying to rally the troops and keep them on a strike footing.
John R. Joyce, I.B.M.
Last night, Thomson Financial said Wal-Mart made up 40 percent of the index, and therefore, ''skewed the entire mean.''
Target, its hottest competitor, gained 81 cents, to $51.31, after forecasting that sales in December may increase as much as 5 percent.
The AT&T Corporation, which owns 52 percent of Lin and has been planning to buy the remaining shares, announced on Wednesday that its investment banker, Morgan Stanley & Company, had valued Lin at $105 a share, or $5.6 billion.
A federal judge yesterday ordered Willie E. Gary, a Florida lawyer who is representing four black former Coca-Cola employees in a racial-discrimination lawsuit against the company, not to interfere with the settlement reached last month between Coke and four other employees with similar claims.
Hughes has been talking with News Corporation for months over how to structure a deal that would combine the satellite television operations of the two companies and create additional value for G.M.
Apple Computer says profits dropped 65 percent in fiscal second quarter ended March 29; net profit was $14 million, down from $40 million year earlier; revenue was $1.48 billion, down 1 percent from last year, when revenue was $1.5 billion; chief financial officer Fred Anderson says company sold 711,000 Macintosh computers in second quarter, with 42 percent of them being higher-margin laptop computers; chief executive Steven P Jobs issues statement denying that Apple made offer for Vivendi Universal's music group; Vivendi board member Claude Bebear issues statement denying that he said he expects Apple to offer about $6 billion for company (M)
After talks broke down and Mr. Jobs announced his iPhone anyway, Cisco filed a lawsuit, saying that Apple's use of the iPhone name constituted a ''willful and malicious'' violation of Cisco's intellectual property.
Early next year, computing and communications devices will begin showing up on the market with communications technology called Bluetooth built into them; Bluetooth, creation of consortium of computer and communications companies--Ericsson, IBM, Toshiba, Nokia and Intel--was devised to eliminate tangle of cable that hinder device-happy computer users; some possible uses for new technology discussed (M)
That move, Microsoft said, allowed the Justice Department and states to ''transform their case beyond recognition.''
He said the numbers Edison cited were extremely misleading because they did not account for the restrictions imposed on El Paso Merchant's capacity.
Nike Inc is trying new strategies to broaden its appeal among women; campaign includes new Web site and new all-purpose sneakers like Air Visi Havoc; executives have come up with strategies they hope will take advantage of differences between how women and men conceive sport, how they shop for clothing and shoes and even what they think of celebrity athletes; graph; photos (M)
Over the last few years, I.B.M.
Yahoo Plans $21 Million Charge To Exit Joint Venture With Visa
The deal was negotiated by Octagon in New York, part of the Interpublic Group of Companies, the agency holding company where Bank of America consolidated virtually all its marketing duties two years ago.
Early yesterday, Jeff Miller, the chief spokesman for the Communications Workers of America, Verizon's largest union, said that ''philosophical chasms'' remained on several issues.
It is Microsoft that has chosen to respond to the court's order by jerry-rigging its products -- deleting files that otherwise need not be deleted.''
Another suggested remedy is to force Microsoft to publish a most-favored-customer pricing list for Windows -- the standard price available to all the major PC makers.
Information is at www.adobe.com/products/acrobat/main.html.
Comcast's seemingly charmed life so far in its broadband business includes its profitable involvement with Excite@Home, now defunct.
But AOL executives are widely reported to have intensely debated the seriousness of the threat of Windows XP and Microsoft's new Hailstorm Internet strategy.
Boeing's current troubles date back to an ill-fated decision in 1996 to win market share at all costs.
While software like the Microsoft Office suite is available for both platforms, some of the programs for Windows do not exist for the Macintosh, so make a note of the software you use when considering a Mac.
On the other hand, Mr. Sherlund said, ''I remember when we brought Microsoft public, it was viewed as an expensive stock.
Cadbury Schweppes executive John F Brock says company plans to sell its brands in France to Coca-Cola Co after Coca-Cola completes its negotiations with French Government over purchase of Orangina soft-drink brand; Coca-Cola spokesman says company has no plans to buy Cadbury brands in France; Coca-Cola's efforts to buy Orangina from Pernod Ricard SA have run into resistance from French competition authorities (M)
Other issues of similar securities this year have relied on getting in before the effective date, but it appears that General Motors was concerned about how long it would take to get an exchange offer done, and opted for the maturity provision.
Harris said the holiday merchandise signals a return to ''the fresh casual American style'' and ''bright optimistic colors Gap is famous for.''
And those were the customers who have had stayed the course with Apple.
Of those polled, 44 percent said they sided with Microsoft in the trial, while only 28 percent backed the Justice Department.
Correction of May 29 Business day article of agreement by United Healthcare to buy Humnana Inc; combined companies will have 2.27 million customers, not 1.4 million
The company's revenue growth, year to year, jumped from 8 percent to 11 percent, said John Connors, Microsoft's chief financial officer.
The effort is the latest in a barrage from marketers of all types of insurance, which includes new ads from Genworth Financial, Liberty Mutual and Travelers as well as continuing promotions from Aflac, Allstate, Geico and State Farm.
Higher inventories can signal that General Motors is overestimating consumer interest in its vehicles and will have to increase rebates to spur demand, analysts said.
Motorola has certainly trimmed costs.
Look only at the outrage vented at Time Warner by its customers, as well as regulators and lawmakers, when the public could not find out who wanted to be a millionaire.
Comcast, based in Philadelphia, will swap an additional 750,000 subscribers to give it more clustered subscribers in crucial markets.
Despite collaborations with other companies and a large cash reserve, Amgen has not been able to deliver successful follow-up products to its first two drugs, analysts said.
And so now, Mr. Armstrong is presumably spending a lot of time thinking about how to deal with the Comcast Corporation's unsolicited $44.5 billion offer to acquire AT&T's cable operations.
The walkout, only the second in the last 56 years for the Society of Professional Engineering Employees in Aerospace union, was not expected to hurt Boeing's near-term ability to deliver planes.
But the announcement helped turn around I.B.M.
''But it's impressive that Intuit is willing to reverse course so quickly.''
At the news conference, James Jarrett, president of Intel China, said his company had invested in several Chinese Internet companies.
In addition to its anticounterfeiting measures, eBay has also sought to raise the standards for sellers on its service.
Yahoo's HotJobs site has held its revenue flat, Mr. Rashtchy said, a remarkable feat given that its larger rival, Monster.com from TMP Worldwide, has been losing sales.
The agency has shot two 60-second spots for television, one-minute and two-minute spots to show in movie theaters, and a six-minute clip that Kodak is running on its Web page and using in both internal and external presentations.
The General Motors pension fund is by far the biggest in American industry, promising benefits to more than 600,000 workers, retirees and surviving spouses.
Hallmark Cards Inc. in Kansas City, Mo., and Amazon.com in Seattle are being named to the Marketing Hall of Fame by the New York chapter of the American Marketing Association.
In particular, that issue may stick in the craw of Amos B. Hostetter, a cable baron who sits on AT&T's board and who is thought to resent the Robertses' stranglehold on Comcast's voting stock.
Johnson & Johnson, the health care conglomerate, continued its acquisition talks with Guidant, one of the nation's largest makers of devices to treat heart and circulatory illnesses, over the weekend, and a deal could be reached within days, executives close to the negotiations said last night.
In a letter to Morgan Stanley directors, the dissident former executives questioned whether the board had investigated the firm's deteriorating relationship with state and federal regulators.
Richard Bernstein reviews Edwin Black book IBM and the Holocaust: The Strategic Alliance Between Nazi Germany and America's Most Powerful Corporation (M)
But is the Microsoft Corporation's sterling image losing some of its luster?
For the last week, Pfizer has been polling shareholders and gauging their interest in an acquisition of Warner-Lambert.
Specifically, the Boeing investigation found that Mr. Sears failed to follow company procedures for the hiring of government officials.
But most of the difference appeared to occur after patients had taken Vioxx for 18 months in a row, Merck has said.
''The plaintiffs will say this is confirmation of Vioxx's dangers and Merck will use it to establish that it is behaving responsibly.''
But Mr. Gates's portrayal of the underlying technology as a Microsoft innovation has set off an intense debate among some computer researchers.
Intel is still a technology giant, the global leader in semiconductors, with revenue last year of more than $30 billion.
Senior executives at Coca-Cola Enterprises, including Henry A. Schimberg, now the chief executive, were kept up to date on the investigation of B. K. Miller, internal memorandums show.
There has been a persistent fear that Microsoft would be able to create new standards that would force computer users to adopt its software to reach certain Web sites and Internet services.
There are indications that Apple may be willing to back down, at least partly.
Although a timetable for sale of the $400 million was unclear today, Mr. Corzine denied that his Goldman Sachs holdings would influence his work as a senator.
Mr. Gordon left Bank of America soon after the fund investigation became public and could not be reached for comment last night.
What is more, Nike thought that it would have to limit the number of on-line retailers much more tightly than it did for local stores.
Mr. Holley suggested that this would allow competitors to simply copy the innovations that Microsoft has built into the Windows source code.
This has substantially hurt employment of A.T.& T.'s union workers.
An editorial accompanying the study criticized both Merck and the Food and Drug Administration, and described Vioxx's approval and its popularity as ''public health catastrophes'' that led to over 27,000 heart attacks and sudden deaths.
Microsoft has been held accountable for its illegal conduct by a court of law.''
But the drug, Natrecor, made by the Scios unit of Johnson & Johnson, has also become widely used by thousands of patients in outpatient clinics around the country, where heart failure patients receive regular infusions, sometimes weekly or more often, over several months.
After negotiations toward a settlement of the charges collapsed last week, Brad Smith, the chief lawyer for Microsoft, said the company would appeal any ruling at the European Court of First Instance in Luxembourg.
Standard & Poor's and Moody's cut debt ratings on Russian oil company Yukos, citing concerns that company may be forced into insolvency if it has to pay $3.5 billion tax penalty (S)
CVS, based in Woonsocket, R.I., will pay $2.15 billion for 1,260 stores, most of them in Texas and Florida, along with Eckerd's companies involved in pharmacy-benefits management and mail-order.
Intel has spent nearly $300 million to market Centrino, and its venture capital group has invested more than $4 billion on various wireless start-ups.
Judge Says I.B.M.
Executives who have talked with Amazon said they expected the service to sell D.R.M.-free songs for 99 cents -- less than Apple's $1.29 -- though they noted the terms could still change.
After a judge's ruling, announced last week, gave class-action status to a federal sex-discrimination lawsuit against Wal-Mart Stores, the company's management broadcast a two-part message to its one million employees over the television monitors that hang from store ceilings.
Microsoft now relies on the Overture service owned by Yahoo to place text advertisements on the results pages of the MSN search service.
But its history of establishing Windows as a dominant software standard in the personal computing industry and its efforts to push a mobile-phone version of Windows, called Stinger, have made many cellphone makers skeptical about the intentions of Microsoft.
Under the deal, Mr. Jones would have 4.5 million shares of United Healthcare and a seat on the United board.
The A.T.& T. price cut yesterday is part of a wider company campaign to expand the still largely unproved market for videophones.
The results for the second quarter included a charge of $80 million, taken in another step to extricate Interpublic from its money-losing auto-track commitments by the end of the year, as well as a $2 million reorganization charge, the most recent in a series that is expected to total $300 million when completed.
Boeing Ethics Woes Take Toll on the Bottom Line
As a counterpoint to a system built around Media Center, Mr. Messer of Samsung promotes the Digital Network Living Alliance, a consortium of consumer electronics and PC companies (including Microsoft) developing open standards that allow home entertainment devices to work together over a network.
In refocusing on brands like Bolla and Finlandia, Brown-Forman joins a long list of marketers seeking to rejuvenate venerable products, which include Coca-Cola, Colgate-Palmolive, PepsiCo and Unilever.
Boston Scientific, based in Natick, Mass., and the far larger Johnson & Johnson, which at one time tried to buy it, are known for the intensity of their rivalry.
In that case, and given that the death has been ruled a homicide, do the authorities and the airline have a duty to fully inform the public about the circumstances in which 19-year-old Jonathan Burton was beaten, choked and killed aboard Southwest Airlines Flight 1763 from Las Vegas to Salt Lake City on Aug. 11?
The German pharmaceuticals company Bayer said the Food and Drug Administration had asked for more studies of the anti-impotence drug it is developing to compete with Viagra from Pfizer.
Mr. Otellini will tell analysts that he plans to focus on four areas for growth: international markets for desktop personal computers, mobile and wireless applications, the digital home, as well as a new initiative aimed at large corporate computing markets that Intel is calling the Digital Office.
The attorney general of Illinois, Jim Ryan, suggested he would support the agreement, while the attorney general of New York, Eliot L. Spitzer, postponed a planned announcement of his endorsement after his efforts to strike a separate deal with Microsoft collapsed, the lawyers said.
France Telecom, which pioneered quirky Minitel on-line information service years before anyone ever heard of World Wide Web, announces plans to update its system; French telephone company, working with International Business Machines Corp, says it will develop a network to let customers surf the Internet with simple and cheap screen-based telephones, which would also be inexpensive (M)
Morgan Stanley denies that allegation and said that it would soon explain the payment.
IAC/InterActiveCorp launches Web site called Gifts.com that helps gift buyers remember and shop for important occasions; site features search engine that prompts users to choose attributes that best describe gift recipient and occasion, and then its editors create list of appropriate gifts to highlight; retailers bid for right to be featured whenever shoppers select that item from Gift.com's list; Amazon.com, most popular retail site for gift shoppers, is granted patent for system that could in future allow it to make recommendations based on gifts customers purchased on site in past (M)
The Plainview suit contends that Exxon Mobil has polluted the groundwater there as a result of its use of M.T.B.E.
In particular, Craig Conway, PeopleSoft's chief executive, attributed the expected weak results to widespread publicity surrounding Oracle's monthlong antitrust trial, which adjourned July 1 and will resume with closing arguments on July 20.
Motorola hopes to raise nearly $2.73 billion with initial public offering of over 30 percent of Freescale Semiconductor, its chip subsidiary; plans to distribute rest of Freescale stock to its shareholders as special dividend; Freescale, as part of changes, will make $1.5 billion cash payment to Motorola and sell $1.25 billion in notes to raise cash at time of spinoff; photo (M)
In the main, the 44-year-old co-founder of the company was speaking to a friendly audience, composed of about 2,500 shareholders, and he reiterated his stance that  Microsoft's ''innovations and behavior were completely fair and brought tremendous benefits to millions of consumers.''
Amazon continues to surge far ahead of its rivals in books and music.
Microsoft is still run by the first generation of executives, who vividly remember what it was like to be a scrappy underdog.
Microsoft has amassed almost 60 percent of this market, according to the Computer and Communications Industry Association, an industry group based in Washington.
Robert J. Strudler, 64, Chairman of Lennar
''He got a very low price,'' Mr. Lévy said of John J. Dooner Jr., chairman and chief executive at Interpublic, adding that Mr. Dooner had made ''a courtesy call'' to him to discuss the deal.
Wall Street analysts expect Aetna to lose $1.65 to $1.93 a share this year, according to Thomson Financial/ First Call.
Intel wanted a free license to use Intergraph's chip technology.
Yahoo will receive an undisclosed share of Verizon's broadband subscription fees, and Verizon will get a share of the advertising revenue generated by the portal.
In December, Carnival made an unsolicited counteroffer of cash and stock and raised it last week by 12 percent, to $5 billion.
Fourth-quarter profit at Citigroup nearly doubled on strength of its credit card business and low litigation costs; net income was $4.76 billion, up 96 percent from $2.43 billion year earlier; revenue rose 13 percent, to $20.2 billion; bank announces 14 percent dividend increase, to 40 cents per share; chief executive Charles O Prince comments (M)
Comcast, which has agreed to join Time Warner Cable in acquiring Adelphia Communications, said revenue in its core cable operations rose 9.7 percent.
In a separate Delaware trial now under way, Boston Scientific is suing Johnson & Johnson, saying the company's best-selling stent infringes on a Boston Scientific patent covering drug coatings.
Included in the Microsoft filing was a justification for the company's decision to place a long document called an offer of proof in the record during a court hearing on May 24, just before the judge ended the proceedings.
In addition, Microsoft will create content and services through MSN, its online service, catering to Starbucks customers.
That means that more people visited a Lycos site in March than a Yahoo site -- 31.9 million people versus 31.3 million.
Comcast, a cable television company based in Philadelphia, submitted a $44.5 billion hostile bid for AT&T's cable systems on Sunday.
Stock analysts hold affidavit prepared for Justice Department by investment banker Robert F Greenhill lacks financial data to back up his stand that Microsoft breakup would not hurt market value of company's stock; say his proposal that Microsoft be forced to spin off one of its businesses in initial public offering is too simple an approach; graph of Microsoft stock price in face of antitrust proceedings (M)
''Merck was vigilant in monitoring and disclosing the cardiovascular safety of Vioxx, and we absolutely disagree with any implication to the contrary,'' the company said.
''I don't think it will immediately lead to a cheap image because the Starbucks image in Japan is very strong,'' said Mr. Imajo, the analyst.
Shares of Priceline fell $7.89, to $10.75, a record low, yesterday.
The Electronic Arts units will focus on sports, casual games, the Sims franchise and other games.
Yahoo also extended its lead over  competing Internet portals, including Lycos and go.com.
Microsoft will appeal.
But Microsoft would not stand for that -- and Compaq had no choice but to give in.
''We should have a very good year next year, and by we, I mean the industry,'' said Jim Allchin, vice president of the platforms group for Microsoft.
The numbers declined sharply from the comparable period in 2000, when Intel turned a profit of $2.2 billion, or 32 cents a share.
Judge Jackson ruled that Microsoft had the ability to ''price substantially above the competitive level.''
The committee's proceedings are secret, and I.B.M.
While government officials and industry lobbyists say the AT&T-BellSouth deal faces few regulatory obstacles, those same changes in the marketplace may bring different political headwinds.
Instead, Pfizer will now probably have to show that torcetrapib actually lowers the risk of heart attacks and strokes in patients who take it, not just that it cuts plaque, the doctors said.
employee broke any laws, paying the subcontractor $21 million for work it never completed was a violation of I.B.M.
Instead, Microsoft argues that the restrictions ''simply restate'' an expansive right to preserve the ''integrity'' of its copyrighted software against any ''distortion,'' ''truncation,'' or ''alteration,'' a right nowhere mentioned among the Copyright Act's list of exclusive rights, thus raising some doubt as to its existence.
That is when General Motors plans to announce an unusual 10-year commitment to underwrite the future film projects of Ken Burns.
Consolidated Edison Inc chairman-chief executive Eugene R McGrath's decision to acquire Northeast Utilities holds promise of cheaper power for Con Ed customers; Con Ed will become dominant force in Northeast in rapidly changing industry and will become one of largest utilities in country, with customer base of 4.7 million; McGrath stresses that company will primarily deliver electricity and other services and no longer be large generator of electricity; promises to remain cautious in bringing together marketing units of two companies; photo (M)
Another media giant, the Time Inc. division of Time Warner, formed an alliance in December with Takkle, which operates a social-networking Web site for high school athletes (takkle.com).
The business, previously called Verizon Information Services, generated $3.5 billion in revenue in 2005, earning $1.05 billion in profits.
Brian Pickrell, a blogger, recently posted a note on his Web site attacking state legislation that would force Wal-Mart Stores to spend more on employee health insurance.
But that process, helpful as it may be, may offer only scant comfort to the 77,800 AT&T employees who will be pondering their futures over the next few weeks.
in computer systems for electronic commerce, took a step toward strengthening its Internet presence with the announcement today of a deal with the Oracle Corporation to collaborate on developing and selling Oracle's electronic commerce software on Hewlett-Packard computers.
Motorola Has Operating Loss of $232 Million in Quarter
Much of the speculation has focused on the possibility of an iPod that can play video, accompanied by music video sales through Apple's iTunes service.
The settlement did not preclude Verizon from trying steps outside the bankruptcy proceeding that would hinder MCI's reorganization plan.
The study, written by Stan J. Liebowitz, suggests that after a split of Microsoft, the resulting two new competitors will ''depart from Microsoft's traditionally low pricing practices.''
The 4,000-horsepower SD70 models ordered by Union Pacific have been in use on North American railroads for the last five years.
Intel shares have fallen 57 percent since August.
But the heavy weight of the ruling was against Microsoft, and it included some extraordinarily damning language in parts.
Since the Depression, General Motors has reigned as the world's largest automaker and a pillar of American economic might.
Xerox bought Tektronix's color printer business this year, not the entire company.
As an authorized ''replicator,'' as disk contractors are known, Nimbus can now bid to supply CD-ROM computer disks containing programs like Microsoft Office to major PC makers  for inclusion with their machines.
Moreover, that ruling followed weeks of damaging testimony in the trial of the Government's antitrust lawsuit against Microsoft, which has seen a parade of Government witnesses accuse the software giant of systematically using its control of the Windows operating system to defeat its competition.
Although Sun owns Java, which is only a few years old, it has freely licensed it to other companies, including Microsoft, and says that it has opened the development process so that outsiders can make suggestions as to how the language should mature.
Apple did announce that both of its co-founders, Steven P. Jobs and Stephen Wozniak, would join its executive committee as advisers to Gilbert F. Amelio, the company's chairman and chief executive.
Even excluding a one-time gain of 13 cents a share from the sale of Kodak's stake in Gretag Imaging, the earnings were well above the $1.13 a share that Wall Street analysts had predicted.
And, most expected Corning Consumer Products, with annual sales around $630 million, to fetch no more than $650 million.
Even more important, AT&T, Comcast and Cox said they had agreed to extend their use of At Home's communications network and to extend their deals to feature the Excite portal prominently on users' computer screens.
Microsoft filed its trademark suit against Lindows.com, saying it was using a copycat name, and then asked the court for a preliminary injunction to halt quickly what it deemed an illegal practice by an emerging rival.
Arnell Group Gets Bank of America Job
The Banana Republic division of Gap, San Francisco, chose AR, New York, as the lead agency for the creative part of its account, which had been handled by Goodby, Silverstein & Partners, San Francisco, part of the Omnicom Group.
The lawsuit, filed in June 2005, claims that Intel forced major customers into exclusive deals and offered secret rebates to undercut A.M.D.
To succeed, the program must be personal, with each of Wal-Mart's employees tailoring it to his or her own life.
Chrysler Group of Daimler Chrysler reports its August sales fell 24 percent from year-earlier period; some analysts wonder if sales gains by Toyota Motor will lead it to become nation's third-largest automaker, vaulting past Chrysler; General Motors reports 7 percent decline in overall sales, but increase of 7.1 percent in light trucks; Ford reports 7.5 percent decline in overall sales in August, but only 1.5 percent drop in light trucks; photo (M)
Chubb, based in Warren, N.J., offers a full line of corporate insurance, from insurance on buildings to insurance that protects officers and directors against lawsuits.
Ammirati Puris Lintas, unit of Interpublic Group of Companies, names creative leadership for office in Chicago that the agency is opening to service its new Ameritech Corp account; Jonathan Moore and Tim Kane are named executive vice presidents and co-creative directors (S)
Regulators must demand it from AT&T as a condition of this deal, and Congress should enact a law ensuring that it applies across the board.
Blockbuster, video-rental chain that will be spun off by Viacom in October, is remaking itself, offering online subscription service priced below that of Nexflix and with an in-store pickup option, introducing in-store video game subscriptions and expanding programs that let customers trade both videos and video games; Wall Street has yet to be impressed, and figures from most recent quarter reflect pressures from Netflix, booming sales of DVD's at mass merchants and advent of video-on-demand from cable operators; photos (M)
As the plaintiffs were concluding their consultations today, four leading academic economists filed a long and detailed legal brief with the trial judge in the case, Thomas Penfield Jackson, arguing that remedies that simply modify Microsoft's conduct do not make sense from an economic point of view.
''Today's busy consumers will now be able to find the soups they want more quickly and easily,'' Lisa Zakrajsek, vice president for Campbell's domestic soup division, said.
New Loan Pacts Are Negotiated By Interpublic
William C Ford Jr takes stage to run family-controlled Ford Motor Co's annual meeting for first time; company introduces chairman Ford to shareholders in Detroit, Mich, and even to viewers in Times Square, where first 30 minutes of meeting are broadcast live on giant TV screen; Ford comments; photo (M)
But there's a more profound glitch in the evidence provided to the jury: none of it was in the form that would allow juror, regulator or anyone else to determine if General Motors made the wrong call.
Moreover, Wal-Mart supercenters sell more apparel than their regular stores because people drawn in by the promise of cheap fruit and vegetables find themselves lured by Wal-Mart's store designs to the clothing racks and toy areas.
This week's turmoil in the technology sector caused some investors to wonder whether Motorola would postpone the deal.
Protests from wide range of opponents do nothing to slow Wal-Mart's charge across Mexico, where it has spent billions of dollars in last seven years to expand to almost 700 stores; company is now nation's largest private employer; sells more than its three largest competitors combined; competitors are struggling to keep up, overhauling pricing strategies and forming joint purchasing company while pressing ahead with own expansions; photo (M)
In May, HSBC Holdings, the London-based bank, consolidated its worldwide account, with spending estimated at $600 million a year, at WPP agencies after working with Interpublic agencies like Lowe & Partners Worldwide.
The local companies, with virtual monopolies in their markets, remained tightly regulated, while A.T.& T. was largely unshackled.
AOL did try to offer a broadband service in conjunction with Time Warner cable a few years ago, but it was priced at $55 a month, higher than any other broadband service, and it attracted few customers.
Bank of America said in response to Thursday's events, ''We do not believe that the proposed charges against our company are supported by the facts, and we will defend ourselves vigorously.''
Its executives say that Microsoft -- and not the Government -- must have the ability to determine what goes into the operating system, which is the basic software engine of a computer.
A chart in Business Day on Saturday showing the products made by Procter & Gamble and Gillette, and their shares of sales, mislabeled the company that makes batteries.
Aetna said medical costs were taking 91.3 cents of every dollar of premiums it receives at commercial H.M.O.
Daniel Wylie is suing American Airlines and Boeing Co in Federal District Court, San Francisco, accusing them of failing to take proper preventive measures that would help passengers avoid blood clots; Wylie's lawsuit is coupled with one from Debra Miller, who accuses Air France, Continental Airlines and Boeing of same failure; her complaint says she developed lift-threatening clot on two-stage flight to San Francisco after running in Paris Marathon in April 2001; suits could be first of their kind to go to trial in US, after District Judge Vaughn R Walker ruled against defendants' motion to dismiss case in July; lawsuit focuses attention on question of what kind of role air travel may play in causing blood clots, and what actions, if any, airlines should take in warning passengers and recommending preventive measures; chart; photo (M)
Mr. Appel said that MBNA explained to him that it invited most of his group's 100,000 members to apply for American Express cards this fall.
DoubleClick plans to announce it is setting up Nasdaq-like exchange for buying and selling digital advertisements; service may make DoubleClick more attractive acquisition target; Google and Microsoft are pursuing bid to buy company; DoubleClick's owner, private equity form Hellman & Friedman, has priced DoubleClick at more than $2 billion; photo of company executives Michael Rubenstein, David Rosenblatt and Scott Spencer (M)
''It gives I.B.M.
As part of the alliance with Intel, Compaq will also migrate from chips designed by MIPS Technologies to Itanium in the segment of its business that makes ultra-high-reliability computers for customers like stock exchanges.
But she said Procter might be taking too rosy a view of how it will perform over the next six months.
General Motors' prediction of a loss in the first quarter and a new high for the price of crude oil were just too much for stocks yesterday, as the three main market gauges dropped 0.8 percent or more.
is right that KPMG repeatedly challenged Xerox and then gave in or compromised, it will be another sign of the problems that came to plague the auditing industry in the 1990's.
Morton Bahr, the president of the union, accused Verizon of running a company Web site that attacked unionization efforts despite the neutrality pledge.
Only in New Jersey and Delaware is the new service, known as FordDirect.com, quoting prices below the suggested retail price, and customers must still visit dealers to actually buy a new car or truck.
Introducing major new drugs on a regular basis is crucial for Pfizer.
Gina Talamona, a spokesman for the Justice Department, said, ''We believed that it was appropriate to request a short opportunity to comment on Microsoft's specific changes, both to determine whether there are a few that we can accept without undermining our remedy proposal, while also offering our reasoning for urging rejection by the court of the others.''
This time Microsoft wants to make MSN less like a standard World Wide Web site and more like a television broadcast system, although it is still based on Web standards.
To expand the capacity of that network, Microsoft has turned, at least tentatively, to the Nortel Networks Corporation.
Robert Thompson is named to new post of senior vice president for finance at Interpublic Group of Companies (S)
Dan Rather and CBS News announced yesterday that they had agreed to end his career at the network, 44 years after he first went to work there as its bureau chief in Dallas and five months before his contract as a correspondent on ''60 Minutes'' was scheduled to expire.
''I think the rate of decline of the popularity of eBay's auction model has accelerated,'' said Safa Rashtchy, an analyst with Piper Jaffray & Company.
A concept called Dover has been changing the look of many Staples stores.
As surely as I know that Paul the next-door neighbor does not subscribe to Verizon, I know he does not have a big black dog.
Boeing Co says earings plunged 91 percent in first quarter, falling below estimates of Wall Street analysts; revenue rose 24 percent, to $12.9 billion, from $10.4 billion in year-earlier quarter (M)
Not only have Comcast's would-be partners changed, but the whole game is different.
Quest, with about 15,000 members worldwide, had invited executives from both Oracle and PeopleSoft to speak at the conference in the hopes of understanding how Oracle's proposed takeover of PeopleSoft might affect customers.
The site was acquired by Amazon in 1998 and is a repository for all manner of movie information for professionals and fans alike.
It follows months of speculation that Apple, whose sales have plummeted since reaching a peak in 1995, was negotiating with the companies that build Mac clones in an effort to change the arrangements.
While Target was not known for promoting tobacco with discounts or other promotions, cigarettes had been hurting its image in its home state of Minnesota.
Apple reported its results after the market closed.
Spice blends, available at Whole Foods Markets, add zing to ordinary ingredients (S)
Nike also continues to see gains in its apparel business.
''Operating-expense pressure remains a challenge for Wal-Mart,'' Wayne Hood, an analyst at Prudential Securities, wrote in a note to investors.
Though skeptical that the government proposal would bring much new competition, Mr. Cusumano was also unconvinced by some of Microsoft's arguments that the software industry would suffer from lost efficiency.
As injuries mounted, concern inside Johnson & Johnson about side effects among the youngest patients was growing.
(The Accenture crew fessed up at the end of the meeting.)
Still, Microsoft has not given up just yet.
When Time Warner's proposed merger with America Online Inc. is completed, Mr. Adler said, the company may include Africana.com with a version of AOL distributed free to schools.
Gemstar, part-owned by Mr. Murdoch's News Corporation, has said that the company is simply giving viewers the ability to make informed choices in a rapidly changing media environment, and that it operates within antitrust laws.
Citigroup earned $7.14 billion, or $1.38 a share, in the quarter, compared with $5.31 billion, or $1.02 a share, in the quarter a year earlier.
In Oslo, Royal Caribbean shares rose about 2 percent.
Mr. Rost said his lawyers had proposed the severance package only in response to Pfizer's request that they specify something, adding, ''I have never asked for any money'' to drop the suit.
Strategies for pricing by eBay sellers discussed, including those who price some items for just 1 cent; drawing; photos (M)
Europe is the next battlefield for portable digital music, with its eager consumer market and attractive demographics, but complex cross-border legal and financial obstacles are delaying the entry of the biggest names, including Apple Computer.
Although the news sent analysts scrambling to adjust their own quarterly forecasts, most accepted Kodak's statement that the year remained promising and retained ''buy'' recommendations on the stock.
Preserving the A350 name is a reminder that this is not a wholly new plane, but a redesign of the earlier A350, which had disappointed airlines and seemed likely to be an also-ran to Boeing's 787.
At Target, spokesmen referred reporters to the comments from Target executives issued Wednesday on the company's Web site.
At Citigroup's Salomon Smith Barney brokerage unit, an executive said that the firm had also started gaining more accounts than it was losing to online competitors.
''Pfizer has to win,'' Thomas McKillop, chief executive of Astra-Zeneca, a rival European drug company, said in an interview in his London office yesterday.
In contrast with its stores, Wal-Mart's online operation has not offered significantly lower prices than its rivals.
One, an ethnographic study of girls' interest in sports, led to a product line featuring soccer, which Mattel appears least interested in continuing.
Each of these agreements with Microsoft required the other party to promote and distribute Internet Explorer to the partial or complete exclusion of Navigator.
The proposed merger between CVS and Caremark received a mixed reception by investors.
After decades of resistance, the General Motors Corporation provided separate financial information today on its sprawling auto parts operations, a corporate empire bigger than the Boeing Company or the Coca-Cola Company.
Today, Procter & Gamble is expected to announce that it will purchase Mr. Osher's company, Dr. Johns Products, for an undisclosed amount.
Wall Street never supported that deal, contending that Comcast would be taking on a troubled creative business with which it had little management experience.
The financial uncertainty is a big reason that shares of Verizon, the No.1 local phone company, have lost almost 17 percent of their value this year.
The companies, which include Motorola Inc., SAP A.G., Visa International, Broadvision Inc., and Nuance Communications, a unit of SRI International, describe their effort as V-Commerce and argue that telephone access will break down the last barrier remaining between the mass of consumers and the Internet.
The meeting, which was scheduled for Denver before Comcast made its bid on July 8, is supposed to run through today, the people said.
''Out of our 301 Ames stores, 245 are within 10 to 12 miles of a Wal-Mart, and 165 are within 3 miles,'' he said ''At this stage it is not about our future survival.
Then a year ago, the sneaker stores noticed that even loyal sneaker customers were passing by the vast displays of Nike shoes and picking up styles from Adidas, Reebok, New Balance, Vans and others.
AS the name implies, Win98 Central sets its sights squarely on the current version of Microsoft's crown jewel: the Windows operating system and all that is related to it.
Motorola, the maker of mobile phones and computer chips based in Schaumburg, Ill., said it would lay off all 2,500 manufacturing workers at its plant in Harvard, Ill., by June 30.
Programs designed specifically for the tablet PC, like Microsoft's Windows Journal, enable freeform handwriting that can be converted to text or saved in the original ''digital ink'' format.
''This is clearly a victory for Microsoft,'' said David Yoffie, a Harvard Business School professor, ''because the appeals court has historically been more favorable to Microsoft.''
When booking travel, I now go to Orbitz, Travelocity and Expedia to research fares, with less regard than ever for piling up loyalty miles.
Instead, Ford plans to join the crowd of other sport utility vehicle manufacturers in presenting the Explorer as a way for customers to enrich their lives with experiences like rock climbing, fishing, even golf.
But in contrast to Microsoft's adaptation to the Internet, General Magic ignored it to focus on its own proprietary network and software products.
The initial reaction on Wednesday to the AT&T-Alfa deal was less pronounced, with Telmex stock dropping about 1 percent in Mexico and just under 2 percent in New York.
Neither Home Mart nor Home Depot would provide figures on Home Mart's revenues.
Competing with Wal-Mart is less of a worry for drugstore chains, he said, because insurance co-payments are equal wherever a prescription is filled.
In contrast to Intel, which will initially make its quad-core processor by packing two connected dual-core chips in a single package, A.M.D.
Mr. Jackson, who owns just a few Yahoo shares, is not happy with the company's performance, so he has mounted a grass-roots campaign calling for changes including the removal of Mr. Semel and several company directors.
But the judge, Steven C. Gonzalez of King County Superior Court, restricted him from working on some of his specialties -- search and language technologies -- or using information acquired while a Microsoft vice president.
He added that Citigroup's grant was consistent with the company's philanthropy, but he did not say whether the money was given to persuade the school to admit Mr. Grubman's children.
Jeremy Gaines, a spokesman for MSNBC in Secaucus, N.J., confirmed the Procter account of how the Swiffer spot ran and also said that according to MSNBC records the Gevalia spot ran locally rather than nationally.
Executives in Compaq's consumer division agreed in a deal with America Online Inc. to feature its service and remove the desktop icons for Microsoft's MSN on-line service and its Internet Explorer browser, in return for fees.
A high-speed digital transmission system is needed to bring Microsoft's multimedia offerings -- on-line news, entertainment and shopping -- into homes with television-quality sound and video.
Many of them left the Boeing offices chanting: ''Take back Boeing.
Bank of America opens more than 500 former Fleet Bank branches in New York City metropolitan area; Bank of America acquired FleetBoston Financial for $48 billion nearly year ago; graph (M)
The site, which has been running in test mode since February, has more than 10 million items in its database, from more than 1,000 retailers, including Amazon, RedEnvelope and Overstock.com, among others.
Aetna also hoped to generate long-range savings by carefully monitoring high-risk patients to make sure they are following doctors' orders, which could reduce costly hospital stays later.
But over the last year, two small groups -- Wal-Mart Watch and Wake Up Wal-Mart -- set up shop in Washington with the goal of waging the public relations equivalent of guerilla warfare against the company.
Compaq Computer and Intuit, leading producer of personal-finance software, sign two-year agreement expected to generate $60 million in revenue for two companies; Intuit will purchase Compaq equipment, technology and services to run its Web sites and Compaq will advertise on Intuit's Web sites; Compaq will bundle Intuit's Quicken financial software on its personal computers to generate additional revenue for Intuit (S)
Sun Microsystems' chairman, Scott McNealy, is well known for his merciless teasing of William H. Gates and Microsoft.
Then three years ago, CBS made these out-of-market games available as a video streaming product on the Internet.
Though legacy systems like Windows software or Motorola 68000 chip Macintoshes give companies like Microsoft and Apple their market power, they have also become impediments to progress, because any new software must usually be compatible with older technology, as well.
In the new tests, using real vehicles on a test track as well as mathematical calculations, the four-wheel-drive versions of several similar sport utility vehicles made by General Motors -- the Chevrolet TrailBlazer, GMC Envoy, Oldsmobile Bravada and the new Buick Rainier -- earned four stars, even though they are virtually identical to G.M.
The appeals court found that several of Microsoft's licensing practices with PC makers were exclusionary, thus stifling competition and limiting consumer choice.
For AT&T, the move continues its trend of forging alliances to bring popular business-office software onto its publicly accessible long-distance network as a way to stimulate traffic over that network and to give businesses a more streamlined alternative to private, leased lines.
The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency has chosen I.B.M., Sun Microsystems, Cray Inc. and SGI to run research programs aimed at developing the next generation of high-performance computing systems, which it expects to fill the gap between today's supercomputers and the expected arrival of quantum computing in 15 or 20 years.
But Citigroup wanted to hedge its bets.
Another industry analyst, Joseph Stauff at Credit Suisse First Boston in New York, described Mr. Bell in a report he released on Friday as ''a capable executive with a track record of returning True North to solid performance before it was ultimately acquired'' by Interpublic.
The company also announced that Cisco's board had authorized an additional $5 billion for repurchase of Cisco stock.
Verizon Wireless, a joint venture of Verizon Communications and Vodafone said yesterday that it had named the New York office of Hill, Holliday, Connors, Cosmopulos, part of the Interpublic Group of Companies, to handle its Northeast retail account.
The CSX and Norfolk Southern railroads took over the Conrail system yesterday in one of the most complex handoffs in railroad history and for the first day, at least, trains throughout the Northeast ran close to schedule.
Even Microsoft has recently talked about offering cheap or free access, but it has not disclosed solid plans.
During a conference call with analysts, David J. O'Reilly, chief of ChevronTexaco, dismissed suggestions that he was making an acquisition at the top of the market.
Best Buy will soon begin offering AT&T's high-speed Internet and digital cable television services; photo (S)
Shares of Altria rose yesterday on the action in Illinois, climbing 98 cents, to $30.
called Intel's announcements this week ''hurried, reactionary moves'' aimed at laying claim to being first.
Dana Undies has a new line of Pampers branded infant wear, and Marine Optical is making a line of Cover Girl sunglasses, color coordinated with Procter's makeup line.
THE MARKETS: Market Place; Boeing Problems Help Airbus Narrow Gap
Shares of Verizon ended the day down $5.8125, or 13.8 percent, at $42.0625.
Merck's day in court has been delayed.
But the most curious results were that the General Motors S.U.V.
After serving as an infantry officer in the Army in World War II, he drove to San Francisco to ask A. P. Giannini, Bank of America's founder, for a job.
After Boston Scientific refused to negotiate, Johnson & Johnson bought Cordis, a competitor of Boston Scientific.
Wal-Mart Sues Ex-Executive, Saying He Stole $500,000
In an interview on Fox News 10 days ago, Lee R. Raymond, Exxon's chief executive, sought to quell some of the criticism.
action are Anthony P. Dolanski of Malvern, Pa., who was the lead partner on Xerox audits from 1995 to 1997; Ronald A. Safran, 49, of Darien, Conn., who was the lead partner in 1998 and 1999; and Joseph T. Boyle, 59, of New York, who was involved with the audits in 1999 and 2000, as managing partner of the firm's New York office.
In particular, people familiar with the talks said, Microsoft's investment could dovetail with its acquisition of Web TV Networks, a small company that is developing technology to allow viewers to use the Internet on their television sets.
*Mark Dowley is named chairman and chief executive of Interpublic Sports and Entertainment Group (S)
If Motorola had stayed with its traditional accounting system, it would have reported a loss of $533 million, or 24 cents a share, for the quarter.
Baxter International says chemical it Althin Medical unit used to make filters for dialysis patients might have played a role in dozens of deaths around the world; says it will compensate families; Food and Drug Administration is probing deaths of 53 patients who used Baxter devices, which filter toxins out of blood of patients whose kidneys have failed; Baxter recalled devices in mid-Oct; decides to stop making them; regulators probe whether chemical suspected of causing gas bubbles in bloodstream, which Baxter began using in Dec, is used by other filter makers and affected other patients; photo (M)
Intel stock, which fell 37.5 cents in heavy trading yesterday, to $74.3125, is already well off its 1998 high of $94.19.
As part of its investigation of Morgan Stanley, the E.E.O.C.
It is a brilliant science fiction concept, so brilliant, in fact, that it has been copied by computer hackers in the recent wave of attacks against well-known Internet commerce companies like Yahoo, Amazon.com, eBay, Buy.com, E-Trade and CNN.com.
Both Netscape and Microsoft, which make the leading browsers, designed their early versions to accept cookies by default, requiring consumers who want more privacy to change software settings -- something most of them dread.
Korean Air, bucking a trend that has seen many Asian airlines delay orders for new airplanes as a result of the region's economic crisis, plans to announce next week that it is buying 27 new Boeing 737 passenger jets valued at $1.35 billion.
''What Oracle is selling,'' Mr. Tutin said, ''is the corporate equivalent of plug and play.''
Microsoft has said it plans to make Vista available to business customers in November and to consumers in January.
Interactive in New York, said that a television commercial about the site -- created by the I.B.M.
Still, Motorola faces growing competition, from the likes of Apple and its iPhone, coming in June.
Boeing raised its forecast for its full-year operating profit margins to a range of 5.5 percent to 6 percent this year from its prediction of 4.5 percent in January.
As the Microsoft II court itself acknowledged, the issue before it was the construction to be placed upon a single provision of a consent decree that, although animated by antitrust considerations, was nevertheless still primarily a matter of determining contractual intent.
In a speech in Chicago last week, the chairman and chief executive of the Coca-Cola Company made references to several well-known films, including ''Being There'' and ''From Here to Eternity,'' when describing his company's experience overseas.
The Banana Republic retail chain, owned by Gap Inc. in San Francisco, said yesterday that it had named Fabien Baron -- who has handled editorial, advertising and packaging projects for fashion marketers and magazines like Calvin Klein, Hugo Boss, Giorgio Armani and Harper's Bazaar -- to serve as the lead creative resource for its advertising.
Rarely, however, does a delightful product become annoying without any help whatsoever from the Microsoft Corporation, the notorious monopolist.
Goldman Sachs occupies eight other towers downtown, including its headquarters, 85 Broad Street.
Advertising column on General Motors Corp's sponsorship of Ken Burns's documentaries on PBS, latest of which is Lewis and Clark: The Journey of the Corps of Discovery; GM, which has spent $15 million to $20 million in the last 10 years on Burn's production, sees projects as opportunity to reach PBS audience, which typically watches little commercial television, where GM puts most of its ads (M)
Pfizer was mainly interested in an Alzheimer's drug that was not yet even in clinical trials, and moved swiftly to beat several other suitors.
Aetna first announced in December that it would buy Prudential Health Care from the Prudential Insurance Company of America for $1 billion.
Delphi chief executive Robert S Miller says company might seek bankruptcy protection if it does not considerably reduce its labor costs, development that could have severe consequences for industry and it workers; aims his comments at United Automobile Workers, company's largest labor union, and General Motors, its former parent; Delphi says it lost $338 million in second quarter compared with profit of $143 million year earlier; auto supplier Visteon, which was spun off from Ford Motor Co, says it lost $1.2 billion in most recent quarter compared with profit of $24 million in period year ago; photo (M)
He also noted that most of Mr. Lane's responsibilities at Oracle had already been shifted to Mr. Bloom, the executive vice president who also has responsibility for product development.
That is how much J.P. Morgan Chase paid William B. Harrison and Goldman Sachs paid Mr. Paulson.
After Microsoft, Mr. Belluzzo said he wanted to ''run a business and be a chief executive.''
EBay Inc., the online auction giant, reported a 14 percent drop in profit for the second quarter Wednesday and said it would try to rejuvenate its core auction business by making it less attractive for merchants to sell through storefronts on its site.
I.B.M.
This person also defended Morgan Stanley's peremptory legal action against Ms. Schieffelin as a prudent step to protect the firm against baseless lawsuits.
They expect I.B.M.
I aspired to run my own company, and that wasn't going to happen at Xerox.
What has attracted attention is that not only is the issue a regularly scheduled issue of Time magazine, but the special-projects editor of Time, Barrett Seaman, who is overseeing the issue on medicine, recently spent the day with Pfizer product managers in their offices on East 42d Street in Manhattan.
The governor, a Democrat, has insisted he knew nothing about the deal with Oracle.
General Motors said Thursday that its earnings would fall this year because of rising health care costs and slowing profits at its financing division.
Mr. Reed said that tackling the challenges of the Internet was now a high priority at Citigroup.
The I.B.M.
Mark Edelstone, a managing director with Morgan Stanley Dean Witter, said he expected the clock-speed gap between Intel and Advanced Micro to widen further.
Speech recognition software, say industry analysts and antitrust experts, may be the next test for Microsoft's bundling strategy.
Separately, the fiber optic equipment maker Corning said it would make optical equipment incorporating Cisco gear based on an Internet protocol that breaks data into packets for transmission.
Joseph P Williams, who as Bank of America executive in 1950's came up with revolutionary forerunner of all national bank credit cards, dies at age 88; photo (M)
Microsoft to Open Its Online Gaming Service, Once Just for Xbox, to Windows Users
Samsung Electronics' market share was 21 percent, not 15; Toshiba's was 14 percent, not 21; and Intel's was 15 percent, not 14.
Microsoft executives acknowledged yesterday that the document was authentic.
But Mr. Saraswat said that Microsoft has yet to show a commitment to those standards.
A senior Microsoft official acknowledged in Federal court today that the company's contracts had prohibited Internet service providers from offering its browser on the same Web page as its main competition because Microsoft executives ''thought we would lose in a side-by-side choice.''
It is not unusual for senior editors at news organizations to balance their corporate and editorial roles when faced with these kind of decisions.
Chambers is ever to feel that his entire office has migrated to the new world, Cisco will have to come up with I.P.-based office phone systems that offer conference calling, call waiting, voice mail, call transferring and other features office workers take for granted.
''For Yahoo there is a great opportunity to connect to users beyond what they do on the PC,'' Mr. Semel said in a telephone interview.
Though few concrete plans were made that day, Microsoft says, there was agreement that Windows should have built-in access to the Internet, which eventually became its browser strategy.
Reminding lawyers at a status meeting in his chambers of an obscure appeals rule, he indicated he would help government lawyers to bypass the United States Court of Appeals entirely and take any appeals by Microsoft directly to the Supreme Court.
The groups operate blogs that receive posts from current and former Wal-Mart employees, elected leaders and consumers.
In defense of Amazon's fee structure, Mr. Leblang said: ''The money that people are receiving to support their Web site is, in my opinion, incremental money.
The fund company, which is based in Boston and is a unit of the insurance giant Marsh & McLennan, oversees more than 100 mutual funds for more than 12 million shareholders and 401(k) plan participants.
Oracle executives responded today by saying that their company already had a complete line of software for Web-based computing.
Several companies, including Siemens, Motorola and Nokia, make such phones, with prices starting around $200.
Some analysts say that a key to long-term survival is having a wealthy telecommunications parent -- like Verizon or SBC -- to help finance the costly and intensifying fight for market share.
I.B.M.
The settlement will reduce Bank of America's earnings by 16 cents a share in the first quarter, the company said.
Yahoo Reports That Earnings Beat Estimates by a Penny
In an effort to repair Citigroup's tarnished image, its chief executive, Charles O.
Procter's stock recovered some ground in the fourth quarter of last year, reaching $75.75 on Nov. 17, as investors moved into defensive stocks.
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter and Equal Employment Opportunity Commission are given two weeks to resolve dispute over whether company must produce all information the Federal agency has subpoenaed in gender-discrimination case; suit stems from complaint by bond saleswoman Alison K Schieffelin, who says she was denied promotion to managing director because she is woman (S)
Over the last few years, Pfizer has benefited from Viagra promotions it did not even pay for.
That is a hard case to win, especially when only one of the three alleged victims was ever a significant competitor in any sense of the word and all are among Intel's biggest and best customers.
But his disclosure yesterday that he considers the Comcast bid too low and his advice regarding AT&T's investments in Time Warner Entertainment and Cablevision seems to run counter to that possibility, people close to AT&T said.
Not long ago, William Clay Ford Jr., chief executive of Ford Motor, found himself signing autographs for some young admirers.
said it would emphasize sales of Aptivas on its own Shopibm.com site in addition to selling through some Internet dealers, like ValueAmerica.com.
In pursuing a strategy to encourage consumers to buy DVD's rather than rent them, AOL Time Warner is borrowing a page from marketers of packaged goods like Procter & Gamble: add more brands to help snag more shelf space.
black case, but they have snap-on covers in what I.B.M.
The company has made deals with pharmacy-benefit managers, like Express Scripts, that account for 60 percent of the nation's population.
Lehman Brothers is finishing $80 million program of completing interior of building at Seventh Avenue and 49th Street that it bought from Morgan Stanley Dean Witter for about $700 million; Lehman, which was displaced from its space at 3 World Financial Center by Sept 11 terrorist attack, will use building as its headquarters; Morgan Stanley has bought old Texaco headquarters in Westchester County; photo (M)
For Home Depot, that time is now, so it falls to Mr. Blank to steer toward new markets and expansion by acquisition.
''It's that other 50 percent we're going after,'' said Lisa Hambrick, Intel's director of enterprise processor marketing.
But Airbus and Boeing forecast that 2,000 to 2,600 planes capable of carrying 70 to 100 passengers each would be bought by airlines over the next 20 years.
The Rochas ready-to-wear line was part of a small fashion division of the German cosmetics company Wella, which Procter & Gamble acquired in 2003.
''It turns out that Amazon has shown that it can take care of itself through its own distribution network,'' Mr. Pitofsky said.
Google is changing its approach to Internet searches by combining results from its established Web search service with offerings that help users find videos, images, maps and other content; new service, which Google is calling universal search, is introduced and will gradually become evident to users; it underscores continual efforts by major search engines like Google, Yahoo, Microsoft and Ask.com to spruce up their offerings to draw users to their services (M)
From a cold start just four years ago, Microsoft assembled a formidable lobbying apparatus that worked to touch anyone who could have any influence over the antitrust case against it -- particularly, during last year's election campaign, Republican candidates, including George W. Bush.
The letter argued that if the board addressed the matters raised, it would conclude that there were ''fair and compelling reasons for Morgan Stanley to remove and replace its current chairman and C.E.O.''
ACCORDING to an advocacy group, Target declined last year to make its Web site fully accessible to blind people with specialized screen-reading technology last year.
In any case, Pfizer is not required to test torcetrapib against niacin.
Whirlpool closed up $2.75, or 3.5 percent, to $82.46.
Over the last few months, Microsoft has been reorganizing its Internet operation and merging it with the organization that makes Windows, its most important product.
Mr. Robertson had been identified as a front-runner in a crowded field to succeed Mr. Rosenshine since coming to New York from the BBDO British agency, Abbott Mead Vickers BBDO, where he had been chief executive.
And even the faithful concede that they have had doubts in recent months about Apple's prospects.
After a disappointing holiday sales season, the makers and sellers of personal computers hope to get a lift on Wednesday when the Intel Corporation introduces a new version of its Pentium microprocessor that features technology to improve multimedia performance.
True North Communications shareholders approve takeover by Interpublic Group of Cos (S)
Boeing workers will go there to perform maintenance alongside engineers from United Space Alliance, Mr. Beck said.
''That's not the world Oracle lives in.''
But they suggested that problems at Boston Scientific had festered in part because top executives -- who have spent nearly two months in a bidding war with Johnson & Johnson for Guidant -- failed to resolve quality-control issues.
The study was released by I.B.M.
MICROSOFT'S colossal Windows 95 and its two-year-old little brother, Windows CE, do essentially the same thing: act as the computer's central nervous system and traffic cop, determining how all other software will operate.
For example, Ms. Gardner said, ''it was important to have multiple brands, multiple choices'' in the products being supplied to Kohl's by BeautyBank, rather than relying on a single brand.
Carl S Kaplan article on concern among civil libertarians over ruling by Judge Jean-Jacques Gomez that Yahoo violated French law by allowing French citizens to view auction sites displaying Nazi memorabilia; Judge Jeremy Fogel has ruled that French court's order -- and $13,000-a-day fine against Yahoo -- are not enforceable in US, but legal observers question whether Fogel's ruling will be provide much of a shield as more countries try to control speech seen as hateful or terrorist (M)
Xerox has just introduced the finishing ability, and expects its sales to increase accordingly.
Indeed, ToiletPaperWorld.com (an unwieldy URL perhaps, but Procter & Gamble had already taken ToiletPaper .com) is the Web sales arm of the Consumers Interstate Corporation, a distributor of janitorial supplies that Mr. Fischburg's father founded in 1947 and Mr. Fischburg now runs.
Cases where settlements might be possible represent only a small fraction of all the lawsuits filed against Merck, Mr. Frazier said.
With 3.1 million book customers, Amazon has been able to start selling music at a lower cost than its competitors.
PepsiCo is expanding its relationship with Omnicom Group in New York by shifting creative work and media buying for beverage and food brands like Gatorade, Tropicana, Aquafina and Quaker cereals to Omnicom agencies from Foote, Cone & Belding offices (S)
The rejection of the Orangina bid comes at a time when Coca-Cola has seen its share price plummet by nearly a third.
Because of the changes by Kellogg, the groups said that they would not proceed with the lawsuit against the company.
I.B.M.
Under Mr. Armstrong, AT&T's approach to the digital transition was to buy two major cable television companies, Tele-Communications Inc. in 1999 and the MediaOne Group in 2000.
Despite the impassioned talk, and the bitter feelings that exist on both sides, legal analysts say that an unorthodox ruling by the judge in March -- which in essence shifted the burden of proof to Morgan Stanley instead of the plaintiff -- may hasten the prospect of a settlement, given the possibility that an appeals court may reduce the punitive award.
Just go to Amazon.com and sign up for its Honor System, which allows visitors to donate money to participating Web sites with their credit cards.
Boeing Co's largest union, International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers, votes overwhelmingly to accept proposed new three-year contract; new contract makes Boeing workers among best paid in country, raising hourly wages nearly 16 percent over three years to average of $24.35 an hour; other provisions noted (M)
But Charlene Li, an analyst with Forrester Research, warned that these businesses would soon face formidable competition from Yahoo, MSN, AOL and Google.
Motorola has tried to make the task a little easier with two new products, the V100 and the Accompli.
But Graef S. Crystal, an expert in corporate compensation packages, said Mr.  Allen had gotten generous treatment in light of AT&T's difficulties.
''That would be a formidable task that would take more money than Microsoft would be willing to commit,'' he said.
The settlement also resolved a separate dispute between Yahoo and Google that dates to 2000 when Yahoo invested $10 million in Google and agreed to use Google's technology for Internet searches on Yahoo.
''They become a much more credible competitor to Cisco together than either was separately,'' Mr. Stoneberg of Montgomery Securities said.
It is a familiar complaint, heard from smaller companies every time Microsoft issues a new or updated operating system that includes extra features.
Interpublic Buys DeVries Agency
Has Apple Computer's chief executive, Steven P. Jobs, found a way to connect the PC to the TV?
During the first five years of the agreement, Pfizer can receive up to 48 percent of Lipitor's net sales in the United States beyond a set amount.
Along with paying the money to settle complaints, Morgan Stanley, which did not admit to any wrongdoing under the settlement, agreed to spend $2 million on diversity programs overseen by an outside monitor to improve the chances that women will succeed there, according to a consent decree the company signed with the commission.
Barry Jaruzelski, who oversees the global technology practice for Booz Allen Hamilton, a consulting company, said Cisco appeared to be holding its own ''in spite of this hellacious environment.''
I.B.M.
Shares of Microsoft closed down $4.50, to $79.375.
With each succeeding generation of semiconductor process technology, with smaller circuit widths needed to keep performance increasing and prices declining, Advanced Micro has struggled to keep up with Intel.
Citigroup and its partners appear to have beat out a group of investors led by the French banking giant Société Générale, which was also bidding to acquire a stake.
Hynix Semiconductor yields to government pressure and agrees to break up company after rejecting deal for Micron Technology to take over its memory-chip plants; Hynix directors endorse proposal to break off units that make products other than memory chips and sell them separately from rest of company (S)
Analysts said the move was likely to have little effect on how investors regarded the company, because Mr. Bezos said Amazon would exclude the options charge from its pro forma earnings, which some Wall Street analysts use for their forecasts.
Creative Labs, iRiver, Samsung, Sanyo and ViewSonic all intend to unveil Microsoft-based video players by year's end.
Citigroup declined to be more specific yesterday about which businesses or which geographic regions would face cutbacks, although it said it planned to drop ''several nonstrategic operations'' in both the consumer and corporate businesses.
Dan Baum article in Playboy magazine addresses conservative, no-frills culture at Wal-Mart Stores Inc, which does not sell Playboy; holds store, despite its professed Main Street values, is bad news for Main Street wherever it goes; holds Wal-Mart, by its huge size, can hinder freedom of choice; magazine invites women who work for store to pose nude (M)
So far, the only public development in the case has been a guilty plea to charges of obstruction of justice made last month in federal court in San Francisco by Alfred Censullo, a regional sales manager for Micron.
Also on the board is C. Michael Armstrong, chairman of AT&T, which recently bought TCI, and Brian L. Roberts, president of Comcast, which AT&T just outbid in the takeover battle for another cable company, Mediaone.
Only a few weeks ago, for example, talks between Microsoft and AOL Time Warner on including a link to the AOL online service in Windows XP broke down partly over Internet media software.
Legg Mason Funds Feel Some of the Pain
Manufacturers large and small -- the makers of packaged food, beauty products, beverages, toys, cleaning agents, cameras, clothing and just about every other item that fills the shelves at Wal-Mart's 2,200 discount stores around the country -- are stampeding into the Bentonville area where Wal-Mart Stores, the nation's largest company with revenue of $218 billion last year, is based.
A decade ago, Home Depot began training executives at a small Chinese retailer, called HomeWay, on how to sell screwdrivers and shower heads.
Correction of Apr 11 article on bids for American General; American International Group's bid is worth $46 a share, not $41.60
Edmund Muth, Microsoft's Enterprise Marketing Group manager, said it had been widely disseminated among employees who were interested in the threat posed to Microsoft by Linux, a highly regarded version of the Unix operating system that is distributed free.
Born in 1848 into a wealthy, prominent New York family, Tiffany was sent away to military school in New Jersey.
In several proposals last week, AOL executives said, Microsoft asked that the company provide the 5.0 version of AOL software, which does not include RealPlayer, rather than the current 6.0 version.
Boeing and Airbus say they are excited about outlook for their newest planes, Boeing's medium-size, fuel-efficient 7E7 and Airbus's double-deck A380, but Airbus seems to be winning publicity war, at least at Farnborough, Eng, air show; two planes symbolize different views of development of air travel; Boeing believes that airlines will be serving growing number of direct routes between cities, using midsize planes; Airbus sees world of hub cities connected by high-capacity planes; each suggests that the other has made ruinously bad bet, and they exchange barbs over government subsidies; photos (M)
As Con Edison is, his company is under orders by state regulators to auction off its power-generating plants as part of deregulation.
Citigroup Net Is a Record $5.27 Billion For Quarter
Yahoo's cash balance increased to $3.9 billion, up $110 million.
Time Warner had indicated it would resume discussions once its acquisition of Turner Broadcasting System was completed.
Xerox said last week that in anticipation of an imminent civil suit over the accounting issues, it had reached a tentative settlement with the S.E.C.
The chip maker decided that its lucrative hand-in-glove partnership with Microsoft took priority.
The test-marketing, which is expected to start in the spring, comes at a time Pepsi is deeply interested in rebuilding its fountain business, much of which was lost to Coca-Cola over the last 10 years.
Technology with a punch line is the premise of ''Unscrewed,'' which has built a cult following on G4techTV, a cable and satellite channel owned by Comcast that is available in 50 million homes in North America.
The memorandum, dated June 17, 2003, was addressed to Bill Gates, Microsoft's chairman; Steven A. Ballmer, the chief executive; and Mr. Burgum, among others.
Boeing's new midsize plane, the 787, is selling briskly, while Airbus has been dogged by production problems with the A380 and questions about how it will finance its next new planes, particularly the A350, which is intended to go head-to-head with the 787.
Mr. MacDonald said that I.B.M.
''There's a lot of anger about Microsoft now, over the way the company has handled this issue.
The video offerings sold through iTunes will be encrypted with Apple's own protection system, FairPlay, and while the system will permit backup copies, it will not allow the video to be transferred to a DVD for playing.
Texas Instruments breaks one-gigahertz barrier for digital signal processing chips, increasing top speed for such chips by nearly 40 percent (S)
Time Inc. will become a relatively smaller entity in the new company, 11.2 percent, of AOL Time Warner's projected $40 billion in revenue.
''For now, Microsoft is still playing a game of catch-up versus leap forward,'' said Niki Scevak, an analyst with Jupiter Research.
AT&T lost 228,000 residential phone lines in the fourth quarter, compared with a decline of 192,000 in the year-earlier period.
Last year, on average, ''only six seats per aircraft accounted for Southwest Airlines' profit,'' Colleen Barrett, the president and chief operating officer, said in that statement.
Still, analysts and stock pickers were quick to draw up lists of Asian companies they contended would benefit from the changes suggested by a merger of America Online and Time Warner.
The second letter, dated Nov. 4, provided details of Pfizer's formal offer to buy Warner-Lambert.
Sanford I. Weill, Citigroup's chairman and chief executive, said in an interview late yesterday that it was ''in the best interests of the firm'' for Michael A. Carpenter to leave his job as chairman and chief executive of the company's global corporate and investment bank.
had served it with a subpoena seeking information about its discount-rate selection, as part of its inquiry on General Motors.
And during the trial, witnesses for Oracle pointed repeatedly to Microsoft's ambitions and aggressive spending in the business software market.
''These two firms have never come together,'' said their chief executive, John J. Mack, referring to the Dean Witter and Morgan Stanley factions of the divided investment bank.
Lawyers for Merck say that Vioxx has never been shown to cause arrhythmias, and so Vioxx cannot have caused Mr. Ernst's death.
Microsoft's apparent intransigence has prompted the Justice Department to consider broadening its antitrust case, and the company's posture seems to have irritated Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson, who is hearing the case in Federal District Court in Washington.
The judge's comments to the press, Mr. Gillers said, could well give Microsoft a basis for avoiding Judge Jackson's court in the future.
While other large chain retailers like Sam's Club, a division of Wal-Mart Stores, have moved into the wine business, none have given wines the kind of reverence and dedication that Costco has.
News Corp reports net loss of $265 million in quarter, in contrast to net income of $71 million year earlier; operating profit was $145 million; chairman, Rupert Murdoch, expects operating profit to increase by about 20 percent in new fiscal year (M)
Brendan Barnicle, an analyst with Pacific Crest Securities, said that Oracle's database numbers had been strong in recent quarters, leading him to see the first quarter's sluggish growth as an anomaly.
In most cases, Comcast will simply market services operated by others, like music download providers or online gaming networks.
The department is also considering bringing a broader antitrust case against Microsoft that would address whether the leading personal computer software maker abuses its marketing power.
Java, programming language at issue in the contract dispute between the Microsoft Corp and Sun Microsystems, is fundamentally different from other computer languages like C, C++, Pascal or Basic because it is intended to be used over networks, especially by many kinds of computers running different operating systems; from programmer's point of view Java makes all operating systems equal and that poses serious threat to Microsoft, whose market dominance is based on fact that Windows is industry standard (M)
New programs -- like SharePoint, LiveMeeting, OneNote and InfoPath -- have been introduced in the last year or so as part of the ''Office system,'' a term Microsoft adopted last fall to replace ''Office suite.''
Lockheed Martin Corp agrees to pay $13 million fine, largest civil penalty ever under Arms Export Control Act, to settle case involving 1994 sale of satellite technology to China; accord does not call for suspension of company's right to export satellite technology; settlement may put pressure on Loral Space & Communications Corp to settle separate case (M)
So far, Netflix has stayed several steps ahead of Wal-Mart and other threats, like movie services using streaming video technology over the Internet.
Microsoft's chairman seldom looked his questioner in the eye, gazing down at the table instead.
The AT&T Corporation plans to market the DirecTV satellite broadcast system through the Sharper Image Corporation and Tower Records retail stores.
Several Microsoft employees who work with Dr. Zhang said that after he arrived in Redmond last year, he had to be gently reminded that staff meetings that carried on well into the evening interfered with the ability of his co-workers to get home to dinner with their families.
The disclosure, which was reported by The Wall Street Journal, rattled some investors who drove Merck shares down as much as 4.6 percent yesterday.
Magnifi, which has clients like BBDO Worldwide, part of the Omnicom Group; the Coca-Cola Company; and P.& G., will be folded into the new company; Procter & Gamble will contribute its marketing ability and will be a significant shareholder in the new entity.
Kevin Rendino, who is manager of the Merrill Lynch Basic Value Fund but is not an Aon shareholder, said some investors who were counting on the spinoff surely were now selling.
The Intel Corporation, the world's largest producer of microprocessors, also reported strong growth in the first quarter.
No one thinks Kohlberg Kravis, Bain and Vornado are going to bring Toys ''R'' Us up to the level of F.A.O., which sells $150 checkerboards and a $15,000 Mercedes sized for children.
Many government and corporate research labs like Microsoft Research, International Business Machines and AT&T Labs, either already have a quantum computing group, or, like NASA's Ames Research Center and the Hewlett-Packard Corporation, are thinking of starting one.
Pfizer Profit Falls 5%; Outlook Uncertain
Pfizer will pay Eyetech $100 million upfront and up to $195 million more if the drug is approved in various countries.
But because of the Vigor study's design, Merck officials found themselves in a medical and marketing quandary, according to company documents.
One person close to the negotiations said that America Online was not told of the EMI talks until after it and Time Warner had reached their basic merger agreement.
In addition, Microsoft is creating a new TV services group.
The companies likely to do better next year are those with stable management, like Viacom and the News Corporation, that avoided ill-conceived mergers or management changes.
Federal crash records show that through the end of last year, there were only three tire-related deaths in 1996 and 1997 Ford Explorers equipped at the factory with Goodyear tires, compared with 26 such deaths involving Explorers from those two model years equipped with Firestone tires.
The centers monitor 16,000 servers and 10,000 applications around the world, said Mats Agervi, I.B.M.
''People know we are back on the offensive,'' said Frank Sklarsky, Kodak's chief financial officer.
Microsoft and United Nations officials acknowledge that Microsoft helped subsidize the trip, but they had different explanations of the reasons for its support.
Yahoo's total advertising revenue was $1.16 million, up 46 percent for the year.
In interviews after the case, several jurors sharply criticized Merck's lawyers as patronizing, and some of Merck's witnesses appeared to be ill prepared for Mr. Lanier's questions.
Ms. Couric's move has created an opening for the ABC and CBS morning shows to siphon advertising dollars from ''Today,'' the ratings leader.
If Express Scripts succeeds in its rival bid, Mr. Crawford would receive $57.6 million to $62.4 million, not an estimated $48 million.
In fact, the Internet enabled ''The Committee'' to become one of Amazon.com's 10  best-selling books in Europe for a time, alongside popular fiction like the ''Harry Potter'' series and Thomas Harris's ''Hannibal.''
One reason Boeing is not faster is that its engineers spend anywhere from 50,000 to 380,000 hours -- at a cost of $7.5 million to $57 million -- simply specifying which of as many as six million parts will go into each plane.
Bristol accused Microsoft of unfair business dealings.
Yahoo is also looking for ways to attract visitors to its Web sites and reduce its reliance on advertising revenue.
A.T.& T. won for commercials created by three of its agencies: Ayer Inc., McCann and Young & Rubicam.
Thus, Microsoft insists, there is no product-tying violation of antitrust laws.
Looking ahead, Intel forecast its revenue for the second quarter at $7.6 billion to $8.2 billion.
The suit, filed last year, charged that Boeing consistently passed over the employees for promotions, denied them equal pay and retaliated against those who complained.
Interpublic emerged successful in a General Motors media review late last year for European media-buying assignments with total spending estimated at $700 million, which were consolidated at Universal McCann.
After incorporating FleetBoston operations in New England, New Jersey, New York and Pennsylvania, the new Bank of America had about 5,700 bank branches in 29 states, providing a national reach that could better benefit from a national promotion.
Google chief executive Eric E Schmidt says company has no plans to lobby for China to change its censorship laws; says it is arrogant to dictate to country how it should operate; Google has been criticized along with Microsoft, Yahoo and Cisco Systems for complying with strict Chinese censorship on products within nation; Schmidt says choice was to follow laws or not enter market; photo (M)
Executives said the settlements bring Microsoft a step closer to final resolution of its legal entanglements.
In Amazon's main toy section, the items offered by other sellers are not listed on the same pages as those offered by Toys ''R'' Us.
States Seeking Stiffer Penalty For Microsoft
Mr. Sohn of Microsoft said the company had reported its attack to the F.B.I.
Compaq Computer, rejecting Microsoft Corp's 'clean desktop' plan, will put some 10 icons on its desktop machines for consumers in addition to three Microsoft icons Microsoft requires on its Windows XP operating system (M)
Ford Motor Co is expanding its relationship with Young & Rubicam Advertising by shifting North American account for Land Rover vehicles to Irvine, Calif, office of Young & Rubicam from GSD&M; spending estimated at $50 million (S)
''The question is how good this will be for Intel.''
The drugs are sold in the United States under the names Paxil, from GlaxoSmithKline; Zoloft, from Pfizer; Effexor, from Wyeth; Celexa and Lexapro, from Forest Laboratories Inc.; and Luvox, from Solvay.
For its part, the unions accused A.T.& T. of not giving a fair shot at jobs elsewhere in the company to union workers facing layoff.
''He's the Disney of sports, into the marketing of sports at the entertainment end,'' he said dismissively of the Nike chairman.
The promotion is emblematic of two trends that are remaking the way marketers like Procter seek closer connections with fickle and elusive consumers.
Floyd Norris comment on Amazon.com's forecast of profitable fourth quarter this year says company could be profitable but it does not mean it will have net income; says forecast is for 'pro forma operating profitability,' number Amazon computes by ignoring many expenses; graph (M)
On Stage and Off column: Producers Arielle Tepper and Roger Berlind reportedly have not decided whether to bring Stephen Sondheim musical Bounce, which is finishing its run at Kennedy Center in Washington, to Broadway; $2.6 million worth of tickets are sold in first three days of American Express Gold Card promotion for return engagement of Nathan Lane and Matthew Broderick in The Producers; Church of Scientology president Rev John Carmichael, admitting he has not yet seen show, complains about Off Off Broadway production of A Very Merry Unauthorized Children's Scientology Pageant; New York City Police Officer-turned-actor David Zayas comments on his roles on Broadway, including latest in Anna in the Tropics; photo (M)
J P Power & Associates' survey of auto dependability finds Toyota's luxury brand Lexus has fewest problems; Lexus owners in survey reported 163 problems per 100 vehicles, versus industry average of 273; Nissan's luxury brand Infiniti comes in second and Buick brand of General Motors Corp third; Chrysler and Dodge brands outperform Mercedes-Benz, which in turn only narrowly edges out Chrysler's Jeep brand; Japanese automakers continue to lead in durability; Porsche is among industry's best, and BMW and Jaguar division of Ford Motor Co are better than average, as is GM's Saab division; Volkswagen and its Audi division continue to have quality problems; charts; photos (M)
The basic operations of more than 90 percent of the world's personal computers are controlled by Microsoft's Windows program.
Executives of Merck and Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide in New York, the agency that created the campaign, said in separate interviews that it had been in the works for more than two years -- well before Merck began to confront challenges last fall related to the voluntary recall of the pain medication Vioxx, one of its most lucrative drugs.
Is it conceivable that shares of AT&T, one of the world's signature corporations, might trade for less than $5?
Nothing is so ubiquitous on the Internet as Cisco's routers, specialized computers that manage data traffic on a network using the Internet Protocol, known as I.P.
Citigroup said in a statement that it had found ''internal control, compliance and governance issues in that subsidiary.''
With the contract, some analysts said, Boeing was beginning to reap the benefits of several huge acquisitions that better positioned the company to enter the satellite business.
The Microsoft-Century Strategies lobbying effort had just begun.
Bank of America is introducing advertising campaign with slogan 'Higher standards,' replacing 18-month-old campaign with theme 'Embracing ingenuity'; campaign was developed by Interpublic Group of Companies; combined billings estimated at $170 million; photo (M)
For Apple Computer, a product innovator with an anemic market share, a prosperous future depends on persuading some of the legions of people who use personal computers running the Microsoft Windows operating system to switch to Apple's Macintosh technology.
His doctors in Aetna Health Plans of California said that his illness was beyond their skills and referred him for treatment to doctors outside the H.M.O.
He is Ya-Qin Zhang (pronounced yah-CHEEN jong), 39, an experienced computer systems researcher who helped start Microsoft's Beijing research laboratory in 1999.
Microsoft Reports Progress In Averting Computer Crashes
Yahoo's Overture unit, which provides search ads to MSN, Yahoo and other search sites, unveiled a similar service last month.
But Time Warner executives accused Fox of provoking this confrontation as the latest attempt to force Time Warner to carry the Fox News Channel in New York City.
With that product, Kodak has effectively turned the printing industry business model on its head.
Bob Ryan, a shareholder who worked as a McDonald's executive with Ray Kroc, the company's founder, was pleased.
It has been a while since newspapers were hot takeover targets -- witness the long, slow auction for Tribune that drew few bidders.
Since Prudential's transition to stockholder ownership in late 2001, after decades as a mutual company nominally owned by its policyholders, Mr. Ryan has been working to improve profitability.
General Motors, where sales fell 12.8 percent last month, said it would offer no-interest 60-month loans on most of its 2003 passenger cars and minivans, one of its most generous deals yet.
Lockheed Martin Corp and Government head toward showdown over company's $8.3 billion acquisition of Northrop Grumman Corp; Justice Dept and Defense Dept threaten antitrust court action unless Lockheed agrees to sell $4 billion in military electronics operations, precisely what makes Northrop attractive to Lockheed in first place; Lockheed calls Government demand unprecedented and says it is prepared to fight in court, but that could cost Lockheed millions of dollars in legal fees and put company into conflict with Defense Dept, its biggest customer; if Lockheed walks away from deal, it would lose competitive advantage it seeks against other military contractors; Government's fear is that merger, as proposed by Lockheed, would wipe out any chance for other electronics subcontractors to get into Lockheed's aircraft (M)
The dispute underscores Apple's increasing peril: the most profitable parts of its business are those most at risk from competitors.
Executives at McDonald's said they were focusing on getting consumers back into their restaurants and, perhaps in a telling break with the Ray Kroc philosophy, they think the key is to diversify, not codify, the restaurant experience.
But EADS cannot rely, as Boeing does, on military sales to offset the commercial aviation slowdown.
The I.B.M.
Kohl's reported a modest 2.5 percent increase in profit, to $113.8 million, or 33 cents a share, from $111 million, or 32 cents, a year earlier, on stronger sales of $2.38 billion, a 12 percent increase.
Bank of America forecasts there could be a decline of about 7 percent in revenue from MBNA over the next couple of years as rivals withdraw card operations.
These days, executives at AT&T are betting heavily on a brand resurgence.
And in January, Intel introduced a microprocessor system called Viiv, designed for PC-based digital entertainment.
The former employee, Darleen A. Druyun, recently pleaded guilty to conspiracy for meeting with a Boeing executive and negotiating a job with Boeing while she was still an Air Force official, overseeing the tanker deal.
WHEN the Microsoft Corporation snagged a little Silicon Valley start-up called WebTV Networks for $425 million in April, the acquisition was duly noted, but no one seemed to completely understand the attraction.
Though many here worry about the job cuts that are sure to follow, others are pleased that two companies that grew up together on the Mississippi will remain in Minneapolis under the General Mills name.
Yahoo increased its user base in 2006 by 16 percent, to 423 million people worldwide, but the growth rate of users in 2005 was 22 percent.
AT&T executives denied that they had received unfair preferences, and said that the bids could not be compared without knowing each proposal's details, because each company offered a different array of technologies and features.
Verizon Unit Picks Hill, Holliday
In a measure of how sensitive the issue is to the cable operators, CBS did not disclose which systems had agreed to the new deals yesterday, noting only that nine operators, reaching more than a million subscribers, were involved.
will pay 1.055 shares for each of Honeywell's roughly 817 million fully diluted shares, valuing each Honeywell share at $55.39, or about 17 percent more than its Friday closing price of $47.
The executive, Jerre L. Stead, will become chief executive of the Legent Corporation, a computer software company in Herndon, Va., with sales of $501 million -- a small fraction of the size of the AT&T subsidiary, which was previously known as the NCR Corporation.
Its success in Mexico contrasts with more lackluster efforts in Brazil and Argentina, where Wal-Mart first entered alone.
And a few of Microsoft's darkest predictions mirror arguments AT&T made 20 years ago -- predictions that never came to pass.
At the hearing here in Federal District Court and in a later interview, a lawyer for Allstate, Edward F. Mannino, acknowledged that ''low-performing agents'' referred to older agents who had become less productive.
In contrast, Home Depot is only now planning its first commercial starring one of its Olympians -- and the setting is expected to be a send-off party a store gives to wish good luck to an athlete on the way to an event.
Mr. Casanova also showed a product in development called the Apple Data Detector.
A suggested behavioral remedy is to force Microsoft to publish at one time the software hooks, or application program interfaces, to which rival software makers must write programs if they are to run on Windows.
Yahoo is the top-rated of the Internet sites that have come to be known as portals because they serve as gateways to a wide range of information and on-line services.
Mr. Rubenstein said yesterday that over the weekend, an ABC executive ''called me at home and said she thought Time Warner was going to yank ABC off the air.''
New Citigroup Is Getting Off To Rocky Start
I.B.M.
The Eastman Kodak Company has consolidated the responsibilities for worldwide media buying at a new unit to be formed by its two worldwide consumer agencies in New York, the J. Walter Thompson Company and Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide.
Market Place column on recent rise in price of General Motors Corp stock; says in last two months, GM's shares have risen about 20 percent after treading water over most of last three years; holds some analysts predict GM stock will continue its climb based largely on turnabout in company's market share; says analysts see value investors becoming interested because they believe auto stocks are cheap; graph (L)
Albert Lin, an analyst with American Technology Research, said that he did not think Qwest could wrest MCI from Verizon short of making an all-cash bid in excess of $8 billion, and possibly as high as $9 billion.
Patients discontinuing Vioxx can now decide whether to switch to one of the other COX-2 inhibitors on the market -- Celebrex or Bextra, another Pfizer product.
Professor McKenzie, of the University of California at Irvine, and Professor Shughart, of the University of Mississippi, wrote that Microsoft could not afford to restrict output and raise prices, as a monopoly would be expected to do.
It is less clear what might have prompted Quantum to invest in Time Warner, nor was it clear that Mr. Soros was involved in the decision.
''As goes McCann, so goes Interpublic.''
But experts say the answers are no more obvious now than when United's losses started mounting at an alarming rate two years ago, during an economic downturn that starkly revealed just how unprepared traditional hub-and-spoke airlines were for the challenge from low-cost carriers like Southwest Airlines.
If approved by Federal regulators, the merger would create a cellular telephone giant second only in size -- in terms of the number of people covered -- to McCaw Cellular Communications, which AT&T is trying to acquire.
Far from encouraging Netscape, however, the Government contends that Microsoft tried to persuade Netscape to cede the Windows 95 browser market to it, even though Netscape had long planned to produce a Windows 95 browser.
Johnson & Johnson, for example, operates a Natrecor Reimbursement Support telephone line and provides sample sheets instructing doctors and their office staffs on how to submit claims to Medicare or other insurers for outpatient reimbursement.
But Wal-Mart said it would closely track shoplifters it did not have arrested, and would ask that they be prosecuted after a second incident.
Its membership numbers are flat, and Microsoft acknowledges that it is losing market share, although it declined to release exact numbers.
Moreover, its traffic is being driven in part by its joint venture with Toysrus.com, the online site of the big toy store chain that merged with Amazon's own toy department.
G. Richard Wagoner Jr., who became the youngest chief executive of General Motors last Thursday, said at the company's annual meeting here today that he planned to maintain the current business strategies and he expected that new truck models and an emphasis on Internet marketing would lift the G.M.
But Bertelsmann and Time Warner are both major magazine publishers, though generally not in the same markets, and they compete in the distribution of music as well.
Apple has a particular problem with accurate forecasting, Mr. Neff said.
Pfizer, the world's largest drug maker, has taken several steps recently to bolster its flagging stock, including raising its dividend and trying to streamline its operations.
Any absence of viewer reaction to the Truth commercial stood in sharp contrast to what Mr. Gitter termed ''numerous complaints'' about the Nike commercial that was withdrawn.
Representatives for Oracle, which is based in Redwood City, Calif., and Hyperion, with headquarters in Santa Clara, Calif., could not be reached for comment.
After letting Advanced Micro Devices Inc. and the National Semiconductor Corporation get an early lead in chips for that market, Intel responded with the low-cost Celeron chip, but it has had a slow start.
Citigroup will also manage Federated's card business, including existing and new accounts, the companies said.
Since 1990, the population in this metropolitan area, which extends from Rogers south to Fayetteville, has mushroomed from about 211,000 people to more than 330,000, much of it fueled by Wal-Mart's eagerness to have its suppliers close at hand.
On Its Own Turf, It's Microsoft, Right or Wrong
The new ''Survivor'' format has attracted criticism from politicians and community leaders in New York, where CBS is based.
The argument is that Comcast can run AT&T's cable systems more profitably than AT&T can.
Interpublic Removed From Credit Watch
''I think that Intel now has the initiative,'' said Roger Kay, president of Endpoint Technology Associates, a computer industry consulting firm.
Wal-Mart Stores' cheif executive H Lee Scott Jr says company's 'message has not in fact gotten out' and calls it 'management's failure,' speech to retail conference in New York; discusses image problems that have dogged retailer for last several years and draws distinctions between way Wal-Mart's founder Sam Walton handled company and his own management style; remarks hint at culture shift within Wal-Mart, where teachings of late Walton remain firmly planted in minds of many executives; retailer has come under increasing scrutiny for its labor practices and huge stores (M)
Its most direct response so far is shared source, a program that allows  its major partners and customers to have access to Microsoft products' source code, including the Windows operating system.
The transition at Coca-Cola will also affect the company's corporate culture, replacing the statesmanlike reign of Mr. Goizueta, whose style was subtle and professorial, with the hard-charging, no-nonsense intelligence of Mr. Ivester, a financial wizard who won a reputation for his laserlike focus and his virtual 365-days-a-year effort dating back to his days as a Coca-Cola auditor.
The Interpublic Group of Companies in New York said yesterday that it had merged Goldberg Moser O'Neill in San Francisco into Hill, Holliday, Connors, Cosmopulos, with offices in Boston and New York.
''Morgan Stanley's market share in mergers and acquisitions and equity is not where management would like it to be,'' said Judah S. Kraushaar, an analyst at Merrill Lynch.
Major Internet sites are showing strong and growing interest in advertising business, and traditional ad firms are starting to get concerned; Google has been leading way, building on its online ad strength by striking deals to sell advertising in traditional media like newspapers and radio; eBay is developing ad-buying system for TV spots for group of large advertisers like Wal-Mart; Yahoo announces deal with 176 newspapers that does not include offline ad sales, although newspaper executives do not rule that out; ad executives say it is hard to know where Google and other Internet giants will stop; traditional media companies are linking up with online giants that have been stealing their customers and advertisers; traditional companies--like newspapers, magazines, and television and radio networks--are hoping they can reverse their fortunes and share in some of Internet success; stock analysts say offline ad market provides kind of growth opportunity that Internet companies like Google are looking for; Google plans to sell ad spots on radio beginning next month through online auction system that it uses to sell Internet ads; ad sales in traditional media totaled nearly $150 billion last year; Internet ad sales will be about $16 billion this year; WPP Group chief executive Martin Sorrell sees Google as both friend and enemy; Google vice president Tim Armstrong says Google hopes to one day provide place where advertisers can buy ads in all types of media; adds Google's vision does not involve cutting agencies' media buyers out of system; photos (L)
Jerry K. Pearlman, chief executive officer of Zenith, implied that the agreement would make it easier for his company to use the technology of the A.T.& T./General Instrument system if that standard was chosen.
''For Motorola and our efforts toward youth, this is a significant platform,'' said Jason Few, vice president and chief marketing officer at the Personal Communications Sector division of Motorola North America.
Shares of Bank of America rose 12 cents today, to $69.50, on the New York Stock Exchange.
Wal-Mart said earlier this week that in nine other states -- including California, Minnesota and Pennsylvania -- it had taken 55 drugs off the $4 list and was charging $9 for them in deference to state regulations that prohibit pricing below cost if doing so could drive competing stores out of business.
In addition, Procter has established a strong sales network in fast-growing foreign markets like China and Russia, while Gillette has not.
I make regular trips to the Caribbean to sell swimwear and get inspiration for future designs, and have accumulated enough points along the way for Platinum status with American Airlines.
Interpublic Agencies Reorganize Top Staff
''The whole question of whether they want to go out and buy retail bank branching systems is an open question at Citigroup.
''What they did was basically take for a Citigroup affiliate a large chunk of the profits without doing much work or providing many services to the fund and he didn't fully disclose that to the boards.''
Ross Rubin, the director of industry analysis for the NPD Group, noted that Microsoft's inclusion of PC game players into its online network was part of a broader initiative announced last year to bridge gaming platforms -- first console and PC, and eventually cellphone.
The challenge for Intel is that it is not alone in focusing on growth in the consumer home entertainment market.
In addition to the financial terms, AT&T and Comcast would agree to make the America Online Internet service available to between a quarter and a third of their combined customer base of about 22 million homes.
Since 1989, Electronic Arts has sold 43 million copies of Madden, with 60 to 70 percent of those sales made to repeat buyers, said Frank Gibeau, the senior vice president for marketing.
Matthew Halbower, a portfolio manager at the hedge fund, Deephaven Capital Management, said the fund would file a request with the Securities and Exchange Commission seeking permission to solicit votes from MCI's shareholders against the Verizon-MCI deal.
(The software can be downloaded at http://www.microsoft.com/windows/ie/, and will be included with the company's Windows XP operating system, due in October.)
Yusuf Mehdi, Microsoft's corporate vice president in charge of MSN, said the advertising budget would be less than the $300 million that MSN spent in 2003 in an ill-fated attempt to promote its Internet-access service.
Intel, the world's biggest chip maker, is breaking away from its longstanding love affair with pure computing power to remake itself as a consumer-friendly brand that will seek to dominate the digital home.
Motorola said that it expected earnings per share to be zero to 2 cents a share in the first three months of this year, 3 cents below the current consensus of analysts as tracked by Thomson First Call.
The one solid piece of Intel's communications business is its wireless chips for laptops.
Coca-Cola's stunning returns, compared with far weaker profits at Coca-Cola Enterprises, is evidence that Coca-Cola could be charging too much, they say.
Microsoft Corp agrees to pay $97 million to settle eight-year-old class-action lawsuit in which thousands of temporary employees accused company of improperly denying them benefits; lawsuit was by far most prominent lawsuit in nation attacking popular practice in which many companies hired workers as temps, kept them for year or more and did not provide them with regular permanent employee benefits; Microsoft, in reaction to lawsuit, has taken several major steps to change its employment practices; estimated 8,000 to 12,000 former temporary workers will qualify for award under settlement, with average award expected to run about $10,000 (M)
The company's shirts sell across the retailing spectrum, from Wal-Mart to Lord & Taylor to Bloomingdale's, and include the Calvin Klein, Kenneth Cole and Geoffrey Beane brands, with the boldest patterns coming from Kenneth Cole, Mr. Sirkin said.
The policy change was applauded by Representative Edward J. Markey, Democrat of Massachusetts, who earlier in the day had written a letter to Comcast criticizing its behavior.
Boeing is pushing sales not only of its existing fleet but also of its new 7E7 Dreamliner against a new version of the Airbus 380, designed to carry 650 passengers.
I.B.M.
That began a wooing process that played out for months in a series of informal approaches and expressions of interest, because CBS was forbidden under the terms of Ms. Couric's contract to engage in any negotiation involving her.
And Goodyear is selling more replacement tires through mass merchandisers like Wal-Mart Stores, which are known for striking tough bargains on prices.
In May, a federal judge created the largest workplace-bias lawsuit in history by extending a discrimination complaint brought by several female Wal-Mart employees to about 1.6 million current and former employees.
YAHOO AND SAP FORM WEB SITE VENTURE
Procter & Gamble Co, world's largest advertiser, is reducing its agency roster again; will consolidate North American and European accounts of five well-known household brands now handled by Euro RSCG Worldwide at other agencies that handle more of its assignments around world; agency remains on company's domestic roster (M)
The Comcast Corporation and Mediaone Group Inc., two of the nation's largest cable operators, were in intense talks late last week about a possible merger, a person familiar with the discussions said last night.
If I wanted to watch the Kentucky Derby on May 7 from the third-floor clubhouse at Churchill Downs, I could have obtained tickets (for $1,825 apiece) from totallytickets.net last week.
Some, like Ellen Hancock, Apple's senior vice president and chief technology officer, even came from I.B.M.
Boston Scientific said yesterday that it moved past Medtronic into leadership of the domestic bare metal stent market during the quarter.
Jon Nesvig, president for sales at Fox Broadcasting in New York, part of the News Corporation, likened that strategy to ''putting your grain in a silo and waiting for a market to develop.''
That figure, while below Microsoft's early projections, was better than many Wall Street analysts had expected.
Mr. Schultz will become a consultant to John J. Dooner Jr., chairman and chief executive at Interpublic.
The AT&T Corporation signed a contract today worth about $26 million to add 92,000 underground feeder lines to the telephone systems in Cairo and Alexandria in Egypt.
Advanced Micro Devices Inc plans to release design details of its new 64-bit processor, chip intended to compete head on with Intel Corporation's forthcoming Itanium; expects new chip to help it gain sales in workstation and server market (M)
Mr. Sobel said the concern was not necessarily that Comcast would track user information.
Companies desperate to reach consumers via Internet resort to using games as advertising vehicles; Dodge Speedway offers replicas of cars it sponsors in Nascar racing to entice Web surfers; games featuring products such as Ford, General Motors and Sony are found on major gaming sites like Microsoft's Gaming Zone where companies pay for having them available with other conventional games; some are found at official sites of products and services they are advertising; photo (M)
Before turning directly to the government's monopoly maintenance claim, I'd like to make one point that lies at the heart of this case and cuts across all claims asserted in the complaints: Nothing Microsoft did foreclosed Netscape from any portion of the marketplace.
Wal-Mart Stores' new policy will be 'saving people money so they can live better lives'; new, and so far internal, definition of what Wal-Mart stands for will soon become very public strategy, evidence on shelves of 4,000 stores and in advertisements seen across country; chief merchandising officer John Fleming and chief marketing officer Stephen Quinn say customers belong in three groups: 'brand aspirationals' (people with low incomes who are obsessed with brand names), 'price-sensitive affluents' (wealthier shoppers who love deals) and 'value-price shoppers' (who like low prices and cannot afford much more); new categories are significant because for first time, Wal-Mart thinks it finally understands not just how people shop at its stores, but why they shop way they do; photos (L)
Although DuPont portrays itself as a new-product mill -- Mr. Holliday says that a third of last year's revenues came from products that were less than five years old -- analysts say too many of the new products represent incremental improvements.
To set up a store, a seller must have a proven track record (eBay requires the sellers to have at least 20 feedback ratings from previous transactions) and to agree to take credit cards or accept electronic payments using eBay's Billpoint service.
Sherwin-Williams Paint Stores Group names Wyse Advertising to handle creative portion of its account, which had been handled since 1995 by J Walter Thompson Detroit; billings estimated at $32 million (S)
''A fundamental principle at Microsoft is that Windows gets better and makes the PC easier to use with each new version,'' Mr. Gates, Microsoft's chairman, said.
A headline in Business Day yesterday with the Market Place column, about a decision by Staples to buy back shares of Staples.com, referred to the online business incorrectly.
''Even if the plaintiffs prevail on appeal, based on our financial condition today, the remedies are within I.B.M.
Microsoft, meanwhile, has gone on its own multibillion-dollar investment spree, much of it to secure assured distribution for high-speed Internet access over telecommunications and cable television networks, both in the United States and abroad.
A spokesman for Boeing, Joseph Tedino, declined on Wednesday to comment in any detail on the company's involvement with the spy satellite project, citing its classified nature.
Oracle Corp reports solid gains in third-quarter profit and revenue, driven by strong sales of company's database products; net income rose 11 percent, to $635 million compared with $571 million year earlier; revenue increased 9 percent, to $2.5 billion from $2.3 billion (M)
And they said Yahoo  and other Internet companies that rely heavily on advertising by dot-com concerns were clearly not out of the woods yet.
As for AT&T, Mr. Moore said there could be no certainty that it would succeed in Internet access; it has already shown a certain clumsiness in several high-technology markets, starting with its high-profile failure in the PC market after acquiring the NCR Corporation.
In his latest moves, Mr. Nardelli is trying to retool Home Depot, snapping up lumber and building materials companies last year in order to push into the professional contractor market.
In August 1996, in what was viewed by analysts as an embarrassment to Pepsi, the Cisneros Group, an independent franchise Pepsi bottler for 45 years, formed a joint venture with Coca-Cola.
In 1879 he formed Louis C. Tiffany and Associated Artists, an interior design firm, with Colman, Lockwood de Forest and the textile designer Candace Wheeler.
One biotechnology company, the Celgene Corporation of Warren, N.J., has won a patent for Thalidomide derivatives that it says enhance the drug's power to suppress an overreaction of the immune system that can cause inflammations.
IF you have less than $100,000 to invest, brokerage firms generally do not want your business anymore, not even the company that pioneered discount brokerage, the Charles Schwab Corporation.
In mid-December, Moody's lowered the company's ratings to A3 from A1.
The problem, on jets made by Boeing and by others, is the operation of the air-conditioners on hot days.
To walk away from his Wal-Mart career, Mr. Turner will receive a hiring bonus of $7 million, according to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Both Microsoft's Outlook E-mail products -- Express and Outlook 98 -- and Netscape Mail contain a flaw known as a buffer overflow error that allows a virus to lock up the E-mail programs and trick an operating system into running illicit software code in their place.
And in September, the agency said it thought that Allstate had coerced and intimidated agents into surrendering their rights in violation of federal law.
Not counting a one-time gain from a stock sale, Apple reported earnings per share of 88 cents.
In his order last March, Judge Coughenour denied Microsoft's request for a preliminary injunction in a 29-page order indicating that the little-known defendant had scored some points.
Mr. Galbraith and other analysts said that Campbell was looking abroad for growth opportunities.
Under the agreement, Amazon will invest $35 million in the Manhattan auction house, or less than 2 percent of Sotheby's.
In the online aspects of its campaign, Microsoft took a narrow approach.
ABC is owned by the Walt Disney Company.
The shares became worthless, and Mr. Perelman sued Morgan Stanley, which had advised Sunbeam, contending that he had received misleading information.
In a recorded announcement, Douglas A. Scovanner, Target's chief financial officer, said that the book value of Mervyn's and Marshall Field's was about $1.8 billion each.
Mr. Wolf said strength in the company's notebook product line, as well as its consumer iPod music player has Apple on track for revenue of about $2.85 billion during its fourth quarter, which ends Sept. 30.
Procter is continuing to test its new drink technologies in some markets.
John J. Leahy, senior vice president for sales at Airbus, said he expected airlines to order a total of  only 300 to 350 large civilian airliners from Airbus and Boeing this year, down from 546 in 2001.
No major music company would be likely to try buying it, because of the regulatory cloud, and few private equity investors would be interested in buying without the publishing arm, assuming that Time Warner had already sold it separately.
Cisco Systems rose 89 cents, to $23.08; Intel gained $1.06, to $30.38; JDS Uniphase jumped $1.92, to $28.31; and Sun Microsystems climbed $1.31, to $20.94.
Union Pacific's problems began in late summer in the former Southern Pacific switching yards in Houston and radiated from there throughout the Union Pacific system, which extends from Chicago to California.
Hundreds of thousands of Brazilians are skirting high cost of gasoline by driving new 'flex-fuel' cars, which hit showroom floors late last year and have been selling fast ever since; Brazilians bought almost 220,000 of hybrid vehicles that use ethanol in first nine months of year, representing 24 percent of all new-car sales in country; automakers selling such cars include Volkswagen, Fiat, General Motors and Ford Motor; photo (M)
They settled on Morgan Stanley because that name is established in foreign markets, Mr. Liguori said, adding that the triangle above the ''n'' in Morgan Stanley depicts the firm's mission of connecting people, capital and ideas.
Verizon is the latest and largest player to offer the technology, which divides voice calls into packets of data and sends them over high-speed Internet lines.
Boeing's surprising decision to move headquarters from Seattle after 85 years represents boldest step yet in longtime quest to escape ups and downs of aircraft manufacturing; chairman and chief executive Philip M Condit, who has done more than any of predecessors to diversify company, believes step is necessary to sever both physical and psychological ties to long heritage as plane builder; he says move will show Wall Street analysts and investors that company is no longer maker of passenger jets; photo (M)
Chevron, which is the fourth-largest oil company in the United States, spun off its natural gas processing operation in the fall of 1996 to Dynegy Inc. in return for a 25 percent equity stake.
Shares of Micron Technology Inc drop 75 cents, to $19, after it says it will record loss for third quarter (S)
Article on history of building at 23d Street between Fifth and Sixth Avenues that will become home to Home Depot Inc outlet in September; photo (M)4
''It's the same places, using the same processes as I.B.M.
''Today will go down in computing history as the last big operating system launch for Microsoft,'' said Gary Beach, publisher of CIO Magazine, a publication for professional technology managers.
Margaret M. Swallow, a spokeswoman for Procter, said the company had plans to build the brands.
In the last week, sudden changes at the top of two big companies, Boeing and Delta Air Lines, have ushered in veteran chief executives who appeared to be out of the running to return.
Like Gap, its efforts to reach a diverse group of shoppers left it without a niche.
That's how investors see the Intel Corporation, the world's premier maker of microprocessors, the guts that run computers.
The performance of every part of CBS's schedule is crucial to the company, where the television unit -- which includes the CBS Network, television stations and the new CW network -- accounted for 66 percent of CBS's $1.278 billion in operating income for the first six months of 2006.
After the review of its options accounting practices, Apple said in October that while there had been 15 instances of backdating, the review had found no misconduct by any member of Apple's current management team.
Neither side appeared optimistic that an agreement could be reached late yesterday, although the unions and Verizon said they were ready to continue negotiations into the morning if necessary.
Shares of Coca-Cola rose 79 cents, or 1.8 percent, to $44.07 yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange.
By showing it can stick to its latest development schedule, Microsoft is clearly hoping to win back the allegiance of developers.
But the way Xerox management dealt with the commission was also an issue.
But one unusual aspect of this story was that some investors may also have learned about the deal before the news broke, and traded on that information.
A DuPont spokeswoman did not return a call last night seeking comment.
On Monday, AT&T filed a motion with a federal judge in San Francisco asking the court to order the foundation to return the documents because they were proprietary.
''Conspiracy,'' produced by Twentieth Century Fox Television, a division of the News Corporation, is one of three original series making their debut on Verizon's V Cast, a high-speed cellular phone network that delivers broadband Internet-quality video.
Entergy Corp names J Walter Thompson to handle its advertising account, which had been at varous local agencies; Florida Power Corp names West Wayne Inc to handle its account, which had been at Lipphardt Advertising (S)
Bertelsmann, German media conglomerate is harshly pruning Internet ventures favored by Thomas Middelhoff, whom it dismissed as chief executive a month ago; plans to shut down or sell BOL.com, main online book-selling service and centerpiece of Middelhoff's plan to turn Bertelsmann into dominant electronic merchant, and it has held exploratory talks with its chief rival, Amazon.com; is also turning cold eye on Napster, online file-sharing service Middelhoff once heralded as future of music industry; executives say that if bankruptcy judge rejects their proposal to buy Napster's assets for $92 million, they will abandon deal and carve up Napster's assets, along with other creditors, in liquidation procedure (M)
''It's a bad thing because high-tech companies like I.B.M., Microsoft, Oracle and Sun, are making the decision to create jobs overseas strictly based on labor costs and cutting positions,'' said Marcus Courtney, president of the group, an affiliate of the Communications Workers of America.
Like AT&T -- which now has annual sales of about $66 billion -- the effort to rebrand Cingular and BellSouth will be extensive, and not without risks.
Mr. Crawford, who gives Mr. Noto credit for his recommendations of Yahoo and eBay, added, ''We all did stupid things in 2000.''
Though Intel is still promoting proprietary technologies, like a new data bus or a unique socket for plugging the chip into the computer, it has also focused its energy in recent years on improving manufacturing efficiency.
The agreement is subject to approval by Federal antitrust authorities, who are already investigating Intel's near monopoly of the microprocessor market.
Another Coca-Cola agency, the Leo Burnett Company in Chicago, has also recently worked on Diet Coke, creating some print advertisements on a project basis.
The printers would be made by Hewlett-Packard to Apple specifications, and would be sold under the Apple logo through Apple dealers.
To help rekindle Apple's reputation for unconventional marketing, there will also be ads in unconventional media like posters pasted on walls and wrapped around buses.
Microsoft is also preparing several programs for multimedia production that will compete directly with Adobe.
The New York attorney general and the Securities and Exchange Commission are investigating former Prudential Securities brokers in Garden City, N.Y., who may have engaged in improper mutual fund trading, according to people briefed on the matter.
He said Microsoft was reviewing the decision before deciding whether to appeal.
They played a central role, for instance, in discouraging Microsoft and the federal government from reaching a settlement during a round of mediation last year.
The Whirlpool Corporation said yesterday it would expand its relationship with Publicis S.A., awarding the agency its Whirlpool appliance account in North America.
The bonuses equal 20 percent of I.B.M.
But all mainframe-related hardware, software and services account for a quarter of its revenue and, more important, about half of I.B.M.
boom certainly plays an important role in the results of the quarter,'' said Robert Scott, Morgan Stanley's chief financial officer.
Intel Corp reports third-quarter numbers that beat analysts' lowered forecasts; company gives investors some reasons for concern, reporting stagnant chip sales and projecting relatively soft holiday season; Intel executives say they are not seeing signs of price war among chip makers, or of widespread drop in demand for personal computers; reports third-quarter earnings of $2.9 billion compared with $1.9 billion for period a year earlier; revenue was $8.73 billion, up 19 percent from $7.33 billion (M)
That is the amount Citigroup said yesterday that it had agreed to pay former WorldCom shareholders who claimed that Citigroup and its star analyst, Mr. Grubman, misled them about that company's prospects.
The $4.5 million covers back pay and raises for about 4,400 women and 1,000 minority workers at 10 Boeing  operations across the country, the company said.
Intel also introduced a chip known as Celeron, which is essentially a Pentium II with its wings clipped.
The decision to remove the drug from the market, the largest drug recall in history as measured by sales, comes as Merck has been struggling to find new drugs for its aging product line.
With its new price list for the first half of the year, it can cost as much as $5,000 a title to promote a children's book in the program, which offers coverage in the ''Destined for Greatness'' slot on a Web page devoted to best sellers or a top position in Amazon's Kids Superstore home page.
scrutiny that may have whipped Honeywell into shape may drive other potential suitors away.
To help spur demand, Intel executives said Tuesday that the company was working with computer manufacturers to create new functions.
Dr. LaMattina says Pfizer believes that torcetrapib is safe.
Robert Elek, Verizon spokesman, declined to comment on Ms.
Whirlpool's sweetened bid calls for the payment of that breakup fee to the Ripplewood group, the assumption of $977 million in debt and a $120 million payment to Maytag if regulators reject the deal.
''While this is not the outcome we had hoped for, our commitment to defending these cases one at a time remains the same,'' Merck's general counsel, Kenneth C. Frazier, said in a statement.
DEPRESSED DOMESTIC FARES -- Despite small, incremental fare increases imposed half a dozen times so far this year by major domestic carriers, the average domestic one-way air fare paid during the first quarter of 2005 was $202, which is 13 percent lower than the $234 average in the period last year, according to the American Express Business Travel Monitor.
Red Hat also offers a Professional Edition of Version 8.0 for $149.95 that includes a CD of tools for system administrators, another disc of multimedia, word-processing and productivity programs and 60 days of support.
Excluding the stock expenses, Yahoo's earnings were $231 million, or 15 cents a share, up from $195 million, or 13 cents a share, a year earlier.
is also expected to buy an undisclosed number of Airbus A318's, which are short-range aircraft that Boeing's European rival is developing to compete with the 717.
''Vermont has a reputation for its rigorous permitting process,'' said Jay Canning, a local hotel developer and operator and one of the owners of the hotel, which is franchised by the Marriott Corporation.
Threatened with a strike in a month, Verizon Communications has a simple message for its unionized workers: Let's form a partnership so Verizon, one of the few unionized telecommunications companies, can compete in a fiercely competitive industry.
''We're putting ice-cold Coca-Cola Classic and our other brands within reach, wherever you look,'' the report states, ''at the supermarket, the video store, the soccer field, the gas station -- everywhere.''
The Royal Dutch/Shell Group said that it had hired investment banks Citigroup and NM Rothschild as financial advisers as it attempts to streamline the company.
Motorola said yesterday that AT&T Broadband, the largest United States cable provider, would buy 200,000 of its digital set-top boxes next year.
According to one person involved in the talks, executives from PG & E have said repeatedly that it was ''in worse shape'' than Southern California Edison.
Mr. Belfiore acknowledged that his E-Home division had been talking to Microsoft's Xbox executives about the idea of adding such features.
He added that the views were his alone and not those of Goldman Sachs.
His acquisitions culminated in 1998, when NationsBank merged with -- and eventually took the name of -- Bank of America.
Facing daily fines from European regulators, Microsoft said on Wednesday that it would license some of the source code for its Windows operating system to competitors.
Representatives of Ford Motor, General Motors and the Chrysler Group unit of DaimlerChrysler and the union would not comment substantively on the talks.
The firewall change Microsoft executives described yesterday was just such a step.
But Donald Logan, the chairman of Time Warner's media and communications group, which includes AOL, said the company was committed to keeping the online unit.
Aetna promised to disclose details of its finances when it reports second-quarter profit on Aug. 4.
Microsoft has refused to disclose details about Cleartype, saying it did not want to compromise the patent protection it seeks.
''For many of the kids and people from the barrios who don't have shoes or shirts in any kind of repair, it was the first time you'd seen them in this area,'' said Brent Willis, president of the Coca-Cola division that oversees Venezuela.
On the one hand, the AT&T-Comcast deal may help clear the way for regulatory approval of the EchoStar-DirecTV satellite TV deal; if so, these two big national competitors could impose price discipline on each another.
EBay is facing increasing competition from Google, which is attracting sellers who leave eBay and set up their own Web-based stores, using keyword-linked advertisements they buy from Google to bring in traffic.
Chinese government announced on May 10 that oldman, Sachs, J P Morgan Chase and Morgan Stanley would handle its first overseas bond deal since late 1998, but Barclays Capital, BNP Paribas and Deutsche Bank said on May 11 that they would handle portion of offering denominated in euros; French and German governments pressed China to give their banks part of business; bankers and lawyers in Hong Kong say it is highly unusual for governments to lobby after Chinese government has announced its decision, and even more unusual for China to capitulate (M)
In a setback to Boeing, British Airways awarded Airbus Industrie, the European aircraft consortium, a major contract yesterday, ordering as many as 188 of its short-haul, single-aisle jets, worth $8.5 billion.
Shares of US Airways fall, as Southwest Airlines, says it will serve six cities from Philadelphia, one of US Airways' hubs; Southwest's announcement comes one day after Standard & Poor's puts US Airways' debt on its CreditWatch list, meaning debt is at risk of downgrading; map (M)
Mr. Curry said that Ernst & Young, Amazon's auditing firm, has given the company a clean bill of health in its 2000 audit.
They said it would also attack contracts that require computer makers or on-line services to support other Microsoft products or to shun competitors' wares.
Trying to broaden a debate over employer health care plans that has focused heavily on Wal-Mart, Mr. Scott said: ''At the end of the day, this is not about me.
GENERAL MOTORS RESPONDS TO FUEL EFFICIENCY PROPOSAL
That would be difficult for Pfizer if the company's stock drops in the wake of negative news regarding Lipitor.
In an interview, Mr. Semel said the latest delay came after Yahoo's engineers said the new service needed more time for testing with clients.
VS. MICROSOFT: THE OVERVIEW
Verizon officials also said they were making good progress settling a dispute with the communications workers in western North Carolina, where 150 workers went on strike on May 19.
In the United States, where Wal-Mart has more than 4,000 mostly suburban stores, its performance has begun to trail that of major competitors, like Target, particularly in sales at stores open at least a year.
But she told the newspaper Monday: ''We're not backing away from it,'' adding that if the opportunity arose, ''we'll look at it very seriously.''
Pfizer estimated that seven million people could qualify for its program, which will be available to individuals with gross incomes under $18,000 a year and couples with incomes below $24,000.
The chief executive of Intel, Paul S. Otellini, told an audience gathered at the company's headquarters here that the chips represented the most significant advancement in computer chip design and performance since the Pentium processor in 1993.
For any company, a meeting with Microsoft is often a charged affair.
Even application service providers have mounted a comeback, led by I.B.M.
Ronald Renaud Jr., an analyst at J.P. Morgan who recommends Amgen stock, said that Johnson & Johnson was ''grasping at straws'' with the lawsuit.
Yahoo announced the resignation yesterday at 5 p.m., after an unusual halt in the trading of its stock by the Nasdaq that began seven minutes after trading began at 9:30 a.m. Yahoo had been planning to announce Mr. Koogle's resignation today.
Oracle Buys a Stake in Bank Software Company
says, bludgeoned each into submission by withholding proprietary information that Intel voluntarily issues to computer manufacturers before releasing a new-generation chip.
Now, company officials and the company's supporters on Wall Street are busily trying to reshape what investors can reasonably expect from Coke, principally by reminding them that selling 4 percent more soda each year, though not as much as originally promised, is enviable for the industry.
State Street to Acquire Investors Financial for $4.5 Billion
And like the iMac, the Apple iBook has been designed to be easy to use and to get access to the Internet.
Shares of Coca-Cola, rose 74 cents, or 1.9 percent, to close at $39.74 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Jacques Nasser, chief executive and president of the Ford Motor Company, said today that Ford would not try to buy BMW A.G. as long as BMW wanted to remain independent.
PeopleSoft, the company Oracle fought over for nearly two years, was its most notable deal.
Tektronix shareholders seemed more enthusiastic than Xerox's.
While the cash was pouring in, Exxon Mobil embarked on a major share repurchase program.
The company was seeking court injunctions to deal with these cases, said Eric Rabe, Verizon's spokesman.
Intel's one real problem seems to be that it cannot keep up with the torrid pace of orders.
At the same time, some $300 million is a very reasonable return for Yahoo, he added, considering it paid $1.63 billion for Overture.
Indeed, the appeals court vacated Judge Jackson's finding that Microsoft had illegally tied its browser to Windows, and sent it back to a new judge for reconsideration.
Mr. Patel said that whether the price drop will affect Electronic Arts' bottom line depends on whether it can sell enough games to make up for the price drop.
But Congress wants to give one to Northrop Grumman's shipyard in Mississippi, the next to General Dynamics' yard in Maine, to share the wealth and ensure more money for the yards.
Correction:  July 4, 2001, Wednesday  A front-page article yesterday about the effect of the collapse of the merger between General Electric and Honeywell International on the reputation of G.E.
With the memory of nightmare media mergers like AOL Time Warner and Vivendi Universal still lingering, no wonder Comcast avoided the dreaded S-word -- synergy -- to justify its hostile $54 billion takeover bid for Disney.
According to Information Resources, a market research firm, Procter & Gamble has sold about $12 million of Simply Smooth, which comes in regular and decaffeinated, from its introduction in April until the end of the year.
As a result, stocks in other independent cable companies did not move as drastically yesterday as those of Comcast, which fell $2.98, or 7 percent, to $39.30, or AT&T, which rose $1.98, or nearly 12 percent, to $18.70.
Lawyers presented vastly different views of the software market on Tuesday when they presented closing arguments in the government's lawsuit to block Oracle's proposed $7.7 billion hostile takeover of PeopleSoft.
AT&T may also ask Comcast to add cash to its offer and protection in case Comcast's shares decline precipitously.
The dismissal of Ayer is only the second time in 42 years that General Motors has taken a big assignment from a roster agency -- and both times, McCann-Erickson Detroit was involved.
As it turned in steady increases in profit and revenue quarter after quarter, year after year, Microsoft convinced an entire generation of investors that no price was too rich to pay for a leading technology company.
Time Warner is putting up about $11 billion -- $3 billion in cash and $8 billion that it will borrow against the combined business.
executives in July 1995 in which Mr. Gates was irate over ''I.B.M.
Core, code-named Yonah, is a 32-bit microprocessor chip with two separate processing cores and the ability to conserve power and run cooler than previous Intel chips.
The bank said Goldman Sachs would sell 11 million shares in the form of American depository receipts that it would list on the New York Stock Exchange.
This gives Verizon Wireless flexibility in budgeting its expenses, but makes it harder for Lucent to predict its quarterly and annual revenue.
As Yahoo has fallen further behind Google, there has been increasing criticism of Mr. Semel's leadership as slow, indecisive and unfocused.
The office cited Morgan Stanley's $10,000 payment to a police informant and college acquaintance of Mr. Curry named Charles Joseph Luethke, without whom police could not have arranged the sting operation.
And one of his former employees, Ginny Terzano, once Mr. Gore's press secretary, has just been hired by Microsoft to head its lobbying office in Washington, D.C.
Yahoo is restructuring its operations and shuffling its management ranks amid growing criticism in and outside company that it has become too bureaucratic to compete effectively against rivals; moves include departure of chief operating officer Daniel L Rosensweig and resignation of Lloyd Braun, who has run media group; Yahoo will reorganize itself into three operating units, including one focused on its audience and one on its advertisers and publishers; third unit, focused on technology, will develop products serving entire organization; chairman-chief executive Terry S Semel comments; reorganization appears to signal ascendancy of chief financial official officer Susan L Decker, who is seen as possible candidate to succeed Semel; chief financial officer Farzad Nazem will head new technology group, and Yahoo says it will run external search for executive to lead its audience group, as well as for new chief financial officer; senior vice president Jeff Weiner will assume added responsibilities, including social media, communications and Yahoo's media group; photos (M)
Two small television networks became a large one yesterday when CBS and the Warner Brothers Entertainment unit of Time Warner joined forces to form a new, youth-oriented network out of the programs on UPN and WB.
In the weeks before the AOL.com campaign was scheduled to start appearing, word began to circulate that Time Warner and Microsoft had explored a variety of potential combinations of America Online with the MSN Web portal.
Its alignment with America Online will ''add momentum to a competitor to Microsoft,'' Van L. Baker, the director of consumer market research for Dataquest, a market research firm based in San Jose, Calif., said.
What it does mind is that Wal-Mart has promoted the movie by placing posters of its stars, Heath Ledger and Jake Gyllenhaal, in the front of the store ''where children can see them,'' Mr. Sharp said.
At the same time, Microsoft faces the threat of a rising wave of consumer class-action cases and other private lawsuits.
A Comcast-Disney merger would need regulatory approval on two fronts.
Steve Landsberg, top creative executive at New York office of DDB Worldwide, part of Omnicom Group, resigns; Bell South and SBC Communications begins review for joint venture of merged North American operations of both companies (S)
Michael P. Delaney, a program manager at Boeing for the problem of explosive fuel tanks, described the classic ''fire triangle'' of a combustible material, air and an ignition source.
Time Warner Inc plans to acquire control of music business of EMI Group and merge it with Warner Music, creating what could become world's largest record company; deal will shrink oligopoly of music companies that dominate world business from five to four; merged music company, to be known as Warner EMI Music, will sell about one of four records in United States and also have vast international presence; Time Warner and EMI Group will each own 50 percent of Warner EMI, but Time Warner will have slight majority on board of directors and ultimate control; Roger Ames, chief executive of Warner Music, will hold same post in new venture; Ken Berry, head of EMI, will be chief operating officer (M)
He will now oversee not only CBS, the most-watched of the broadcast networks, but also an enhanced part-time network aimed at viewers under 35 years old -- the audience that CBS reaches least well.
I.B.M.
The lawyers involved with the investigation said that Intel executives had attended meetings with trade commission staff members in Washington earlier this month in an attempt to avert the lawsuit.
The General Electric Company, the parent of NBC, and Pearson, the publisher of The Financial Times, are exploring a joint bid for Dow Jones & Company to rival an offer made by the News Corporation, people familiar with the talks said yesterday.
That merger would have joined Comcast's system with content from Disney's movie and television studios and its broadcast and cable networks.
*Agree not to condition the release of its software intended for non-Microsoft operating systems, like Apple Computer's, on the other company's agreement not to distribute or promote competitors' software.
Amazon.com is reportedly in talks with several large book publishers about ambitious and expensive plan to assemble searchable online archive of texts of tens of thousands of nonfiction books; would limit how much of any given book user could read; sees plan helping to sell more books while better serving its own online customers; plan seems to be part of strategy to compete with online search services for customers' time and attention; photos (M)
Rather, it is central to a Yahoo user's experience, or at least close to it.
Two companies, Schering-Plough and Abbott Laboratories, announced this week that the Food and Drug Administration was continuing to scrutinize their factories or products.
One of the biggest ''de-brandings'' in advertising history is to begin Monday when AT&T, now the sole owner of Cingular Wireless, starts changing all Cingular marketing to adopt the AT&T name.
The worm is the latest in a series of attacks by computer hackers aimed at exploiting loopholes in Microsoft's software and exposing its vulnerability to security lapses.
Mr. Semel said Yahoo would not see the full impact until 2008, when the system will be expanded to international markets.
The Christmas campaign, aimed squarely at what Mr. Willis refers to as ''the hearts and minds'' of Venezuela's 22 million people, is one sign of how intensely the Coca-Cola Company is battling for the soft-drink market in Venezuela, which for 50 years was one of the few places in the world where its rival Pepsico Inc. held an overwhelming lead over Coke.
With Boston Scientific poised to introduce a drug-coated device to keep coronary arteries open, Johnson & Johnson is scrambling to protect its lead in what is likely to soon be a $3 billion market.
Wal-Mart has typically shied away from buying brand name apparel makers.
Passengers connecting on American Airlines are able to check bags and go through airport screening at the heliport; others need to do so at the airport.
''The question now is, will they be able to get any of the benefits of a combination through negotiation with AT&T Comcast?''
But that trading did not go well, and Mattel's stock price also slid.
Some major independent cable companies remain, including the Cablevision Systems Corporation, but a Comcast merger with Cablevision might be more complicated since both are controlled by families.
Microsoft researchers Gordon Bell and Jim Gray argue at meeting of National Research Council's Computer Science and Telecommunications Board that federal money would be better spent directly on scientific research teams that are largest users of supercomputers rather than on building and housing world's fastest supercomputers; propose shifting funding to vast data-storage systems; hold research will increasingly be data-driven and make use of inexpensive clusters of personal computers; others disagree, contending they overstate power of inexpensive computing clusters; photo (M)
''Microsoft is heading into a strong product cycle, and it looks as if Vista is going to be a bigger deal than a lot of people expected.
Several analysts said they viewed the Pentium 4 as a good long-term solution to a possible rebound by Intel, but they expressed concern that the new chips, which are more expensive to produce, would hurt earnings until new production methods were ready in the summer.
When asked about the Microsoft case in that news conference last spring, Mr. Bush said: ''I am not sympathetic to lawsuits.
"AT&T is paying nothing for their usage," said Alan Ciamporcero, vice president of F.C.C.
But when Halliburton sold Dresser-Rand, it treated the employees as if they had resigned and gone to work for Ingersoll-Rand.
The DuPont Company in Wilmington, Del., has expanded relationships with two roster agencies.
Sothebys.amazon.com will offer all areas of collectibles from coins and jewelry to porcelains and Barbie dolls, but sellers will be only professional dealers and they will be responsible for guaranteeing the objects they sell.
That is the question Madison Avenue has been asking since June, when the Old Navy division of Gap announced that it had hired the New York office of StrawberryFrog to create a major part of its big back-to-school marketing campaign.
Economic Scene column on Exxon Corp's acquisition of Mobil Oil Corp says merger will not be as fearsome for consumers as critics contend; holds real control of oil market rests with OPEC (M)
Keeping vital bits of information about Windows solely within Microsoft could ''cripple the functionality'' of programs that might challenge the company's monopoly on the operating system, Dr. Appel said.
Xerox to Spin Off Company Making Paper-Thin Display
Until now, the Bell companies have tiptoed around the long-distance restriction because it remains the most sacrosanct, just as A.T.& T. has tiptoed around the idea of using new companies that offer a network of fiber-optic cables to bypass the Bells in reaching large corporate customers.
At the time, Celebrex was manufactured by Pharmacia, not Pfizer, although Pfizer marketed the drug.
Intel made its announcement after the close of the market.
Being overtaken by Citigroup could be an untimely blow to morale at the firm, whose employees have been scattered around the New York area since Sept. 11.
Lucent, Cisco's biggest and most important competitor, is also hard at work developing Internet telephony products, but its executives naturally have a different view of traditional phone systems.
Microsoft and Intel announce strategy to reduce cost of owning and using personal computers; aim is to blunt potential competition from emerging 'network computer' standard endorsed by several computer companies, referred to as NC; Microsoft-Intel executives say their machines would cost only slightly less than conventional PC's, but would reduce administrative costs for corporate networks; they refer to their new approach as Net PC (M)
It will not be available at Starbucks coffee outlets.
General Motors Corp says sales fell 4 percent in October compared with year-earlier period, mostly because of weak sales of vans and small utility vehicles and pickup trucks; Ford Motor Co says sales dropped 2.1 percent; seasonally adjusted annual rate of sales in US reached 14.7 million, compared with 15 million in September and 15.5 million in August and July; Toyota Motor Co says sales rose 2.9 percent; Mazda Motor Co says sales rose 5.7 percent; Mercedes says sales jumped 81.8 percent; Hyundai Motor Co says sales rose 9.9 percent, and Porsche AG says sales climbed 69.6 percent; Volkswagen AG sales fell five-tenths of 1 percent; sales at Suzuki Motor Corp plunged 29.4 percent; sales at BMW AG fell 3.2 percent, and sales at Juguar, the Ford unit, dropped 6 percent; chart; graph (L)
But she said she was not looking back in anger at her colleagues at Priceline or friends who advised her to go there, like Nancy Peretsman, an investment banker at Allen & Company, and William Ford, a venture capitalist at General Atlantic Partners.
I.B.M.
With the AT&T Corporation expected to complete its $12.6 billion purchase of McCaw Cellular Communications Inc. any day now, the regional Bell companies are rushing to form cellular telephone partnerships that can match AT&T in reach and marketing clout.
''In terms of Apple diverging from its typical design, I'm not too sure how much they'd be willing to go along, other than what they've presented so far.''
That is certainly Motorola's experience in cellular phones and semiconductors.
French court rules that Yahoo must prevent World Wide Web users in France from visiting its auction sites that sell Nazi memorabilia, or face heavy fines for each day it does not comply; court-appointed panel of experts disputes Yahoo's contention that such steps are technically not feasible; decision of court is major victory for Jewish groups in France and for international organization battling racism (M)
Kodak's printers, which will go on sale at Best Buy in March, will sell for $149 to $300 -- at least $50 more than comparable models.
An article in Business Day on Tuesday about the Congressional lobbying effort by the Accenture consulting firm to distinguish itself from American companies that reincorporated in offshore tax havens referred incompletely to the taxes paid by the company and its partners before its incorporation in Bermuda.
As part of its struggle to sort out the mess made by the merger -- which has already included $3 billion to settle investigations by regulators and claims by investors -- Time Warner had previously restated AOL revenue totaling $679 million.
But there is no such track record for suits against a single monopolist, especially in situations like this one, in which most of those complaining that they have been overcharged or otherwise injured are consumers who did not buy directly from Microsoft.
Microsoft's focus on software features is an acknowledgment that MSN's previous strategy, based on deep discounts and expensive promotions, has failed to give it a stable customer base.
At I.B.M., David Cassano, general manager of Year 2000 Global Initiatives, said that his company had told a few customers that no software upgrades were available for their older computers but, he added, ''it is not the majority of systems, by a long shot.''
He also predicted that demand for Boeing's passenger jets would remain flat in 2001 rather than decline from next year's projected level, as the company had previously estimated.
plans to pay $2.1 billion for Rational Software, a leading supplier of software tools, is another significant step in I.B.M.
Intel and STMicroelectronics have formed a partnership to pursue the technology, and, separately, Samsung has made announcements in the field.
Ken Arthur, managing director of a children's theater company, said he was pleasantly surprised to find that Expo, a Home Depot company that sells higher-end merchandise, helped him get building permits and navigate his co-op board's approval process when he renovated his kitchen last year.
''We didn't want to come in like eBay Big Foot,'' she said.
AT&T even managed to run out of supplies today, after stocking more than 5,000 copies of the software and giving local consumers little more than a day's notice of the event.
"The product clearly has appeal to those customers who are heavy users of our services when they're traveling," said Bill Fallon, marketing director for AT&T PersonaLink.
The conclusion is obvious: I.B.M.
I called the I.B.M.
The Campbell response, in the form of three television commercials, is running in Northeastern cities where Progresso has made significant inroads into Campbell's sales and is likely to be expanded.
Target, called ''Tar-zhay'' by the consumer cognoscenti, lost ground last year, partly because it failed to satisfy many of its more upscale customers, analysts said.
She said Amazon's German-based site, www.amazon.de, would not sell any literature that was banned in Germany.
Indeed, Coca-Cola played down the currency issue in its earnings announcement, failing to say how much unfavorable exchange rates affected  profits.
Microsoft would not comment on its coming marketing plans.
You can omit search categories like secure Web sites (banking sites, for example), password-protected Microsoft Office files, and so on, and you can even flag individual files so that they'll never appear in the search results again.
Baoshan Iron and Steel Co, largest steelmaker in China, will buy world's second-largest steelworks from its parent for 17.9 billion yuan ($2.2 billion) (S)
Citigroup hopes to reach a settlement with the agency later this week, an official close to the talks said.
Timothy Blake, a municipal analyst for Moody's, said that New Jersey's budget was heavily dependent on income taxes paid by people whose earnings come from stock dividends or profits or who work on Wall Street and receive large bonuses tied to the stock market's performance.
TECHNOLOGY  Correction:  October 22, 2001, Monday  Because of an editing error, an article in Business Day last Monday  about the Verizon Communications office damaged by the Sept. 11 attacks referred incorrectly to the abilities of telephone networks to reroute traffic.
Robert McKinley, chief executive of CardWeb.com, a research company, suggested that American Express's best approach would be to persuade banks to switch cards to the company, because most consumers already had a credit card.
The newspaper business has continued to deteriorate.
Their journey will end Wednesday at the Coca-Cola annual shareholder meeting in Wilmington, Del.
Procter recently began a similar effort in Britain, where a TV campaign for Ariel laundry detergent asks consumers to send text messages to request free samples.
Yesterday, Carl Shapiro, the states' expert economist, defended several of their proposals under questioning by a lawyer for Microsoft, Michael Lacovara.
Microsoft And Google: Partners Or Rivals?
Starbucks previously sold a selection of books in its stores, but stopped a few years ago.
That same document showed that Microsoft won an agreement with Netcom that 90 percent of the customers Netcom did control would switch to Internet Explorer.
Instead, the company concludes: ''Our recommendation to Microsoft is to take the bold step to settle immediately and voluntarily spin off a set of technologically coherent companies whose mission is to produce best-of-breed software'' and thereby ''adroitly maneuver out of the current P.R.
In printers, Lexmark International and Hewlett -- both companies with which Kodak has had unsuccessful joint ventures -- continue to churn out new versions of photo-capable printers.
MEDIA: Addenda; An Interpublic Executive Takes His Dispute Public
As previously reported, Amazon is also working on a digital download service for music and an Amazon-branded portable MP3 player to compete with Apple's market-leading iPod.
A Verizon spokesman said she had been employed there since November 1998 and, as of yesterday, was still on the payroll with the title ''specialist,'' which means she is a manager in one of the company's business customer service centers.
Corning Inc., whose name has for decades been synonymous with Pyrex, Corning Ware and other household brands, said yesterday that it would sell a controlling interest in its consumer products business to AEA Investors, a New York investment firm.
Still, the competition is hardly welcome for Pfizer.
Certainly, Mr. Westmoreland, Wal-Mart's computer software buyer, faced considerable skepticism a few years ago when he first suggested the idea of inexpensive games for a mass market of newcomers to personal computers.
For if a start-up cannot steer clear of Microsoft entirely, the favored option is to be bought out by Microsoft, which has scooped up many fledgling companies as a way of acquiring promising technology and people.
Xerox tried retraining as well as a new commission structure that made it less lucrative to sell analog copiers.
In the fiscal year that ends next June, the News Corporation said it now expects to post operating income growth ''in the high single-digit to low double-digit range.''
JP Morgan Chase agrees to pay $2 billion to settle investors' claims that it did not conduct adequate investigation into WorldCom Inc's financial condition before selling billions of dollars in WorldCom bonds to public year before company filed for bankruptcy; bank reaches its settlement with Alan G Hevesi, comptroller of New York and trustee of New York State Common Retirement Fund, lead plaintiff representing investors who lost money when WorldCom collapsed in 2002; $2 billion J P Morgan agrees to pay amounts to 45 percent premium to settlement formula used by Citigroup when it settled last year; Morgan had rejected that deal; total amount recovered in suit will exceed $6 billion, if court approves settlement; defendants remaining in case include Arthur Andersen, WorldCom's auditor, and 12 former WorldCom directors; jury selection is postopned until Mar 24; photo (M)
Sun-Microsoft Dispute
On Monday, Microsoft asked the appeals court to allow more than five months for the filing of documents in its appeal of the antitrust judgment against the company.
Argentina will seek extradition from US of two current and two former IBM executives, amid allegations that company gave Government officials up to $21 million in bribes in exchange for lucrative bank contract (M)
Pfizer made the announcement yesterday afternoon, after the close of trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
World chess champion Garry Kasparov and International Business Machines Corp--creator of Deep Blue, world's most accomplished chess computer--announce second six-game match to be held May 3-10 at Millennium Broadway Hotel in Manhattan; $1.1 million prize fund will be put up by IBM, with $700,000 earmarked for winner; Kasparov defeated Deep Blue, 4-2, in landmark match in Feb; IBM project manager C J Tan comments; photos (M)
And last month, when Interpublic wooed Steven Blamer, a senior executive at the Grey Worldwide unit of the Grey Global Group, to join Foote Cone as president and chief executive, the news release about his hiring was issued under the name of Mr. Roth along with Mr. Bell.
The Michelin North America account had been at the New York office of DDB Worldwide, part of Omnicom, for 17 years.
Schering said Merck KGaA -- which is controlled by the Merck family -- planned to offer 77 euros a share.
Media Talk: Mock Logos, Talk of Feud and CNN Layoffs**New York Post business editor Jon Elsen denies coverage of Cable News Network is biased by Rupert Murdoch, whose News Corp owns Post and who has long feuded with CNN founder Ted Turner; defends illustrations with stories on CNN layoffs that mocked CNN as Cheap News Network and Cruel News Network (M)
Michael Kimmelman Critic's Notebook column on sale by New York Public Library of Asher B Durand's 1849 painting Kindred Spirits to Alice Walton, a Wal-Mart heir and American art collector; laments that Metropolitan Museum, because of sealed bid, did not have better shot at buying painting (M)
SEPT. 26, 2000 -- Supreme Court refuses government's request for the justices to consider Microsoft's appeal directly, sending the case instead to a lower court.
Creating an account means supplying Microsoft with personal information like  name, state, ZIP code and occupation.
Gas Card participants will go to Priceline.com's site and enter a per-gallon bid for unleaded gasoline in one of three grades: regular, midgrade or premium.
It is made by Johnson & Johnson, not Alza.
Moody's Investors Service raised the credit ratings of Kookmin, H&CB and Shinhan banks to investment grade, improving their long-term senior debt and deposit ratings to Baa3 from Ba1.
Nordstrom's stock has been in decline for almost a year and a half.
But he and William H. Gates, the chairman, repeatedly ruled out any breakup of Microsoft, emphasizing that its software strategy could succeed only with a unified company.
For example, Halo from Microsoft has spawned a best-selling sequel, a series of novels and a movie deal.
Analysts doubt that Microsoft would enter the fray and make a friendly offer for Disney as a so-called white knight bidder, an acquirer that Disney would prefer to Comcast.
Market Place  Correction:  August 8, 2002, Thursday  Because of an editing error, an article in Business Day yesterday about quarterly earnings for Cisco Systems referred incorrectly in some copies to the timing planned by the chief executive and the chief financial officer for complying with a new requirement that they certify the company's financial results.
I.B.M.
Then last year, AT&T completed its $86 billion purchase of BellSouth, making it the sole owner of Cingular Wireless.
Apart from the Viacom offerings, programs from the National Geographic channel and music from the Warner Music catalog will be available.
Now, Merck faces 14,000 lawsuits, covering almost 30,000 plaintiffs, contending the drug caused heart attacks and strokes.
But because Medco's margins are so small, he said, there will be little impact on Merck's profits.
''Because Yahoo is now a leader in all four of these, we believe we are best positioned for the next phase of the Internet.''
The Norfolk Southern Corporation had some minor computer problems initially, but by noon yesterday it had taken control of its share of Conrail, according to Frank Brown, a spokesman for the railroad, which is based in Norfolk, Va..
Motorola said its market share was 19 percent, up 16 percent from a year ago but unchanged from the previous quarter.
During that time, as computers became ubiquitous in homes and on desktops, investors who bought Intel on the dips -- or at almost any other time -- were rewarded handsomely.
And Microsoft, which is already a minority stakeholder in AT&T, has indicated that it will financially support competing bids for AT&T Broadband from both the Comcast Corporation and Cox Communications in an effort to keep it out of the hands of AOL Time Warner.
Japan's All Nippon Airways formalizes its purchase of 45 737-700 passenger jets from Boeing Co; graph (S)3
Yet, Pfizer clearly had other motives.
He became a director of Marsh & McLennan in 1987 and is on the board of the Investment Company Institute, the mutual fund industry's lobbying organization.
In a step to help the Linux operating system gain popularity among government and corporate users, I.B.M.
Mattel will first advertise book-based toys for older children, like Professor Sprout's Fungus Field Trip, an activity kit that lets children grow chocolate flavored ''worms.''
Sarah B. Deutsch, vice president and associate general counsel for Verizon, said the company was disappointed by the Justice Department brief.
The pro forma operating profit, the one that Amazon used for its target, was $59 million, compared with a loss of $60 million a year earlier.
Time Warner, the nation's second-largest cable systems operator, has agreed to carry CBS's digital feed in either format.
Coca-Cola's market share in Belgium, he added, is 68 percent, well ahead of the No.
''But this could be just what I.B.M.
Harvey Hartman, chief executive of the Hartman Group, a food consulting and market research firm, said ConAgra remained too focused on ''industrial food'' that did not reflect changing tastes.
Commercials different from those on CBS will be inserted into the streamed games.
AT&T to Market Satellite Dishes
in New York, and Reuben Mark, chairman and chief executive of Colgate-Palmolive in New York.
She added that the outlook for the fourth quarter had improved, leading Oracle to raise its full-year forecast to 64 cents to 65 cents a share, from a previous forecast of 62 cents a share.
With this meeting, the clock on the five-year-old antitrust case against Microsoft begins to run down.
Federal Aviation Administration will conduct special three-month safety audit of Boeing's factories, after learning that company built hundreds of airplanes that did not meet approved designs; wants to determine whether errors, which do not pose immediate safety threat, are indicative of systemic issues in company's production system; agency director Beth Erickson comments (M)
Aetna has also been wrestling with money-losing operations of its big Prudential Health Care unit, which it bought last year.
Procter & Gamble will try to persuade Food and Drug Administration to recommend approval of Intrinsa, first drug to increase woman's sex drive; plans to tell FDA that drug increases sexual desire of women and frequency with which they have satisfying sex; some experts say approval of drug will bring new era in handling of women's sexual problems; Jennifer R Berman, director of Female Sexual Medicine Center at University of California, Los Angeles, and consultant to Procter & Gamble, comments; photo (M)
(EBay allows sellers to change or update auction listings if no bids have been placed.)
When executives at Amazon.com announced the company's fourth-quarter results last week, they said that this would be the year that the Internet retailer would finally turn the corner toward profitability.
At least four major radio companies -- Clear Channel, CBS, Entercom and Citadel Broadcasting -- have also received requests for information from the Federal Communications Commission, which is conducting its own inquiry.
After a lengthy search, Bay Networks Inc., the troubled computer networking company, finally landed a new chief executive yesterday, naming David L. House, a 22-year veteran of the Intel Corporation.
Exxon Mobil will be the leading partner in two ventures, while Royal Dutch/Shell leads the third.
Bristol-Myers Squibb jolts Wall Street by saying that its sales and earnings for first quarter and year will be significantly lower than investors had been expecting; says drug wholesalers, reacting to sales incentives from Bristol-Myers, have bought far more of its products over many months than what pharmacies needed to fill prescriptions; contends that is now hurting sales as wholesalers reduce their purchases in effort to lower their inventories; chairman-chief executive Peter R Dolan says company discovered that its projections of drug sales in US were 'dramatically off track' (M)
One thing both operating systems have in common is Microsoft, which earns a licensing fee for every machine they run on, be it a PC, handheld computer, car radio or, someday, a microwave oven.
Brian Stern, president of Xerox New Enterprises, which commercializes noncore technologies that come out of the Palo Alto Research Center of Xerox, predicts Gyricon will earn ''hundreds of millions in revenues'' by 2004, and that Xerox will sell big chunks of equity in the company long before that.
''This is an important victory not only for Pfizer but for all innovators pursuing high-risk medical discoveries,'' said Henry A. McKinnell, the company's chairman.
Intel and Digital Settle Lawsuit And Make Deal
That pledge could prove crucial for Wal-Mart, whose banking ambitions have sparked considerable protest and prompted the first public hearing in the 73-year history of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, which would regulate a Wal-Mart bank.
Washington Group International sues Raytheon Co, accusing it of misrepresenting financial condition of construction and engineering unit that Raytheon sold to Washington Group; suit says Raytheon failed to comply with terms of sale; seeks cancellation of deal or unspecified damages (M)
Yahoo has been trying, with little success, to build its own social networking service called Yahoo 360.
Yet as AOL's parent, Time Warner, was exploring potential deals with Google and Microsoft, it pressed Google for ways that Google users could be directed to AOL pages.
Autos on Friday article notes that General Motors, eager to regain market share, is putting on its own one-company auto shows where potential buyers can take test drives; photo (M)
Colorado, once backwater of coal production, has stumbled into unexpected wealth as China's demand grows, Appalachia's cleaner burning variety becomes scarcer and soaring natural gas prices push electric utilities to scramble for alternatives; Jim Cooper of Oxbow Mining, which owns Elk Creek mine in Somerset, says around-the-clock operations are producing coal faster than it can be shipped out on single train track that winds through mountains; photos; map; chart of US production by state; Union Pacific itself is trying to add crews and locomotives to meet demand (M)
I.B.M.
The drug giant Bristol-Myers Squibb said yesterday that it would pay $150 million to settle Securities and Exchange Commission accusations that the company improperly inflated its sales and earnings in a series of accounting frauds.
And while some could argue that Dr. Rowe is joining forces with a semi-adversary of sorts, Ms. Sweeney of Standard & Poor's said that could also work in Aetna's favor.
The commission also said that to restore fair competition among music and video players -- like Media Player, Real One and Apple Computer Inc.'s QuickTime -- Microsoft must either extract Media Player from the operating system and sell it as a stand-alone product or insert a rival player into Windows to sit alongside its own player.
Mills, senior vice president in charge of I.B.M.
Shares of the banks owed money by WorldCom fell sharply yesterday, with the biggest declines felt by Bank of America.
Merck's stock price has fallen roughly 28 percent over the last year as the company surprised analysts twice with news that sales would be lower than expected.
The two chief executives met Friday afternoon in the New York offices of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom, Honeywell's lawyers, to discuss the details of the G.E.
Chrysler Corp says 1998 model prices will on average be six-tenths of 1 percent lower than those of comparably equipped 1997 models; in early August, Ford Motor Co said its prices would stay essentially unchanged, while General Motors Corp announced modest price increases that average 1.3 percent (L)
But seven months after Mr. Amelio's rise to power at the troubled computer maker, it is clear that simply putting a grown-up in charge is not enough to provide the tectonic shift that Apple now needs.
The machine's biggest hits have been the Halo games, published by Microsoft itself; Halo 2, released last fall, has sold 6.3 million copies.
The $22.5 million that KPMG agreed to pay in yesterday's settlement will be deposited in a restitution fund for distribution to investors who lost money in Xerox stock when the fraud was disclosed.
Americans just are not sneaker mad like they used to be, and no amount of priming and pumping the advertising spigot by Nike can make it otherwise.
WITH the facts in, here is the Microsoft debate:
The Government is the biggest customer for telecommunications equipment, and its contracts have been a source of bitter struggles among the three major long-distance carriers, A.T.&T., Sprint and MCI, as well as the regional telephone companies that were A.T.&T.
But they are having a hard time living up to their own talk when it comes to the pending merger of America Online and Time Warner Inc.
''When Wal-Mart opens against a big regional leader -- like Jitney-Jungle in Louisiana -- they lose 50 percent of volume overnight and the competitor never recovers,'' Mr. Flickinger added.
Microsoft Prize of $10,000 To Promote Xbox Games
Weeks after Mr. Galvin said he would step down, Motorola said that it would shed its semiconductor operations, a move long advocated by Wall Street.
Moody's Investors Service gives Westchester County, NY, top rating on its general-obligation debt but also revises its outlook for future from stable to negative (M)
The consoles have come to symbolize a transition in the world of consumer electronics to a digital, Internet-centered world, one in which Microsoft has a strong position, and away from the stand-alone consumer electronics that made Sony into a giant.
Rising sales of Vytorin, a new cholesterol-lowering drug, buoyed profits at Merck in the third quarter, the company said yesterday.
Long Island Rail Road notifies 17,000 current and former employees that computerized tapes containing personal data, including Social Security numbers, are missing; data management firm Iron Mountain Inc reports that tapes went missing during transport but that theft is not suspected; railroad tells current and former employees that identity theft risk is low (S)
At first glance, the stumbles seem to resurrect the perennial question: is Wal-Mart too big for its own good, making it impossible to achieve the gravity-defying growth that Wall Street has counted on for four decades.
Morgan Stanley's contention is echoed by other parties involved in the case, including lawyers involved in the District Attorney's investigation and Mr. Curry, a college acquaintance of Mr. Luethke.
Oracle did not present the documents it obtained from Microsoft about the SAP talks yesterday; that will come later in the trial.
Warren C. Jenson, Amazon's chief financial officer, said that by the end of the year, the company should be back to $1 billion in cash.
Staples Inc selects Martin/Williams Advertising to handle its broadcast creative ad account; billings estimated at $50 million to $70 million; assigned had been handled for eight years by Cliff Freeman & Partners (S)
The United States government's action came as Microsoft's top lawyers arrived in Brussels to make a final attempt to persuade regulators not to impose daily fines of up to 2 million euros, or $2.4 million.
Gretchen Mutchnick, a spokeswoman for Procter in Cincinnati, confirmed a report this week in Advertising Age that the company had agreed to be a sponsor.
Amazon shares had risen 75 cents, to close at $33.65, during the regular session.
While the stakes are high for Apple, the new operating system could have an impact on the rest of the computer world as well.
FleetBoston had its share of suitors before the deal, including Citigroup, Wachovia and Bank One.
News Corp names James Murdoch, youngest son of its chairman, Rupert Murdoch, executive vice president in charge of its new worldwide Internet unit, News America Digital (S)
A legal document, invoked by Microsoft lawyers for anything more sensitive than setting a lunch date, that allows them to crucify anyone who reveals confidential information.
Microsoft has included many drivers within the operating system so, if all goes well, it will take care of making sure that your display adapter, sound card, printer, Ethernet card and other devices have the software they need to operate correctly.
They also dispute Microsoft's arguments that the orders would cause it irrevocable damage.
More important, it could force the company to make fundamental changes in the way that it sells software in the European Union, the world's largest trading bloc, where Microsoft now generates about a third of its $11 billion in annual global sales from Windows.
But Alcatel-Lucent, which won the court judgment against Microsoft last month, has its own version of that history.
No wonder, then, that when Adobe releases a new version, as it did last week, photographers and designers sit up and take notice.
Gateway Inc. offered yesterday a glimpse of the future that the Government is seeking in its antitrust suit against the Microsoft Corporation: more freedom for personal computer makers, and less control by Microsoft over precisely what people see on their computer screens.
And befitting a chief executive who has raised greyhounds and sheep dogs, entering them in county fairs in quest of ''best-of-show'' ribbons, he used the ''best-of-show'' metaphor to describe Campbell's future.
A Wal-Mart spokeswoman, Melissa Berryhill, said she knew of no timetable for yet another redesign.
Ms. Allison, the Microsoft spokeswoman, said the possible reorganization ''has nothing to do with the lawsuit.''
Peter F. Volanakis, president of Corning Technologies, the umbrella for nontelecommunications businesses, says he cannot meet demand for liquid crystal displays, TV glass and nitrous oxide controls for power plants.
Indeed, many advertisers say that while their dealings with Time Warner's various sites have not been as contentious as those with America Online, they have not been as effective, either.
Indeed in a telephone interview on Tuesday, Microsoft's chairman and co-founder, William H. Gates, said the new version of Office includes features intended to dislodge the company's only vestige of competition, Corel's WordPerfect program.
Analysts said, for example, that Aetna officials did not provide current membership totals for Prudential, which lost more than one million members in 11 months from September 30, 1998, to the completion of the deal early last month.
Vaccaro said he had a ''very close'' relationship with Mayo and indicated that he is more concerned about where Mayo would be playing in July, when Reebok and Nike are the hosts at competing basketball camps for the top prep basketball players.
Verizon Wireless plans to take measures to serve emergency communication needs of government, rather than carry out limited form of priority access (S)
The divorce proceedings between John F. Welch Jr., the former chairman and chief executive of General Electric, and his wife, Jane Beasley Welch, have hit another bump.
''What they basically said to us is, if you want to grow with Wal-Mart, you need to pay closer attention to how we go to market,'' said John Crossetti, vice president for sales at Ocean Spray.
He has been assisted in the Microsoft study by another Greenhill partner, Jeffrey P. Williams, a banker who has counseled AT&T and once headed Morgan Stanley's telecommunications and media group.
The union, which represents 22,000 engineers and technical workers at Boeing, has demanded guaranteed wage increases and a bonus plan similar to the one that the company granted last year to its machinists.
But Google, which last year surged ahead of Yahoo to become the No.1 site for searching on the Internet, disdains the practice as misleading.
Analysts also worry that shoppers and buyers will simply turn to search engines to find each other, and not closed services like eBay's auction marketplace.
Bipartisan group of members of Congress reintroduces legislation that would allow federal government to further regulate tobacco industry by cracking down on marketing aimed at young people and requiring that reduced-risk tobacco products back up their claims with science; Altria Group, formerly known as Philip Morris, is among bill's biggest supporters; Altria's support has created split among American tobacco companies who once walked in lock step while disputing claims that cigarettes are addictive, opposing regulation and new taxes, and in fight off lawsuits; bill's opponents say Altria wants to lock up its 51 percent market share of business; Altria's competitors question how they will be able to woo new customers because bill could limit tobacco marketing; bill is sponsored by Sens Edward M Kennedy and John Cornyn and Reps Thomas M Davis III and Henry A Waxman; photo (M)
In the same interview, Ms. Whitman said, ''Obviously I was really disappointed, because Jeff has made a huge difference to eBay,'' she said, adding ''He's got two relatively young children.''
The creditors responsible for the immediate fate of Hynix Semiconductor appeared today to have overcome major hurdles on the way to agreement to yield control of the company to Micron Technology.
Federal Judge Deals Microsoft A Setback on Antitrust Lawsuit
Pfizer Increases Its Effort To Win Warner-Lambert Bid
Jim Cullinan, a spokesman for Microsoft, said the company was satisfied with the settlement.
The Pentagon can describe what it wants in less complex terms and let Boeing or Lockheed work it all out.
Alice Sheets Marriott, matriarch of family whose name stands on thousands of hotels worldwide, dies at age 92; photo (M)
The board of the Ford Motor Company announced yesterday that it had formed a committee to look into the allocation of shares of Goldman Sachs to William Clay Ford Jr., the company's chairman and chief executive.
's Dr Pepper, as well as Pepsico Inc.'s Mountain Dew and Diet Pepsi brands, according to Coca-Cola and Beverage Digest, an industry newsletter.
One aspect of this is to build services for graphical and video advertisements of interest to brand marketers, the strongest area of Yahoo's business.
The Intec PSP accessories are widely available at Wal-Mart and other stores.
IBM and some major record labels refuse to comment on progress of their experiment in selling albums over high-speed Internet cable modems in 1,000 households in metropolitan San Diego; rumor in industry is that project is not living up to organizers' vision of 21st-century music delivery method that protects copyrights (S)
The Charmin bear, which Procter & Gamble has used since 2000 in United States campaigns for Charmin toilet paper, originated in Britain.
Netflix introduced its Web site in May 1998, but initially it was no different from a video store, except you had to wait for a new movie to arrive by mail.
Shares of Xerox rose $1.40, to $9.45.
Apple's chief executive, Steven P. Jobs, has been promoting new features expected to be introduced in Leopard since the program was first announced at the company's World Wide Developer Conference last June.
Mr. Pepperman produced a record of a phone call to senior I.B.M.
Two weeks ago, according to real estate executives who have been briefed on the negotiations, Vornado bid about $3.25 billion for the complex, which put the company more than $500 million ahead of competing offers from Silverstein Properties and a joint bid by Boston Properties and Brookfield Financial Properties.
''Microsoft is first and foremost a software company,'' said Mr.
Regardless of the eventual outcome in Congress and the courts, the suits, including a class-action suit brought yesterday against Aetna in San Diego, are creating ''a cloud over these companies,'' said James A.
Lenovo Evolves With Its I.B.M.
The stores are crucial in turning Windows users into Apple fans because they allow them essentially to test-drive machines, with plenty of assistance from store personnel.
I.B.M.
Morgan Stanley went to trial with lawyers who repeatedly told the court that they were not as prepared as Mr. Perelman's team.
''It's something we need to do more of since support for basic physical science research at I.B.M.
The years that John F. Welch Jr. ran General Electric were phenomenal in many ways: earnings soared and the stock price went up even more.
Campbell's shares rose $1.875, to $67.50, on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday.
The 737 family is Boeing's most popular plane type, in part because it is the sole aircraft family used by Southwest Airlines, the world's most profitable carrier.
The retail price of Microsoft Office is $399.
There is also a sense of urgency to the intellectual property issue, I.B.M.
Wal-Mart, stung by criticism of its labor practices, expansion plans and other business tactics, is turning to public radio, public television and even journalists in training to try to improve its image.
Charter Communications Inc., the cable-television operator owned by Paul G. Allen, one of the co-founders of the Microsoft Corporation, is expected to announce as early as today that it is buying the cable assets of Falcon Cable Holdings of Los Angeles in a stock swap valued at more than $3.6 billion, people close to the talks said.
As part of its internal investigation, Mr. Dern said Boeing also looked into the sale of Ms. Druyun's four-bedroom home in the northern Virginia suburbs to a Boeing lawyer, John Judy, who was moving from St. Louis to Washington.
Jeffrey W Greenberg resigns as chief executive and chairman of Marsh & McLennan, world's biggest insurance broker, less than two weeks after New York State Atty Gen Eliot Spitzer accuses company of cheating customers; Greenberg's departure paves way for settlement of Spitzer's lawsuit, which claims that Marsh, in matching corporate clients with insurance they need, conducted sham bidding, arranging coverage based on fees paid to it by insurers; Spitzer says he will now focus on criminal prosecutions against individuals rather than company; Marsh has suspended five executives and is expected to dismiss or suspend more executives and employees as its internal investigation continues; no employee has been charged with crime so far; Greenberg has said he was unaware of improper practices of Marsh; company issues statement saying it will not take fees from insurance companies related to sales of coverage; two other leading brokers, Aon and Willis Holding Group, make similar pledge; photo (M)
But the authority selected Vornado as the winning bidder on Feb. 22.
And in the United States, Fuji consistently underprices Kodak, hurting its domestic film market.
Europeans Doubt Microsoft Is Obeying Antitrust Order
Entergy Bid of $80 Million Wins Massachusetts Nuclear Plant
She added that Bank of America has mixed up payments they sent to pay off two loans.
''Some people argue that it could be a backlash against Microsoft, but I think it's because it provides ways to solve cross-platform problems.''
Most important impact of America Online's acquisition of Time Warner Inc for consumers may be how deal advances deployment of high-speed Internet access; America Online is hoping to use Time Warner's extensive cable television systems to deliver torrents of digital data; Time Warner's systems reach only about a fifth of nation's homes--21 million households--but deal may well set off chain reaction among local phone companies, long-distance giants, other cable providers and wireless carriers to step up their high-speed Internet strategies (M)
New York office of the League of Women Voters, which was on verge of closing because of financial troubles, is back on its feet after influx of cash donations, with bulk coming from $25,000 grant from Con Edison (S)
Sales, however, came in shy of Wall Street's forecast as Cisco continued to face strong competition and slow corporate spending.
Microsoft, meanwhile, plans to celebrate the latest edition of its MSN Internet service, also called version 8.0, in Central Park, near Columbus Circle, on the afternoon of Oct. 24.
In its most recent annual report, Pfizer disclosed that the Justice Department had opened an investigation into its marketing of genotropin, the growth hormone Dr. Rost was responsible for selling at Pharmacia.
It is the method on which he had already based Priceline.com, a Web site that uses a ''reverse auction'' technique that enables consumers to name their own price for airline tickets -- which airlines can choose to accept or not.
Ms. Johnson said she had heard reports of technical glitches from executives doing business with Amazon.com.
''Our goal is just to protect our customer base,'' said Mr. Rosenblum, adding that Time Warner Cable currently had no plans to extend this enforcement campaign to other areas that it serves.
Wal-Mart started out good, selling things cheap to people who didn't have a lot of money.
An executive close to Comcast said that long before it made its bid, an executive close to the company had informal talks with representatives from the Disney board who indicated that the board members would listen to an offer.
Medical devices would still be Abbott's smallest major division if it acquired Guidant's operations, but it would be big enough that neither Johnson & Johnson nor Boston Scientific could overlook it as a competitor in cardiovascular devices.
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co will unveil new logo that drops Dean Witter from name; logo seeks to suggest that securities firm starts fresh as fully integrated company four years after merger that created it (M)
Wal-Mart officials said the top manager at the store had violated company policy by reducing hours across the board, instead of doing it the usual way by reducing hours here and there to take into account the needs of particular departments and shifts.
''The court concludes there is a substantial likelihood that Intergraph will succeed in proving that Intel has entered into one or more agreements and contracts in restraint of trade in violation'' of the Sherman Act, he wrote.
Since 1977, when the company began a huge expansion, Marriott has increased the number of rooms in its system twentyfold.
''Kodak just does not have a history of making money on equipment,'' Mr. Curran of Merrill Lynch said.
So like other companies, Procter is hedging its bets.
Enron also has an offer of $2.35 billion for Portland General Electric, an electric utility serving nearly half of Oregon's population.
Computer software maker Oracle Corp reports sales for first quarter of $2.03 billion, down over 10 percent from year-earlier quarter and on low end of projections; posts profits, excluding special charge, of $386 million (M)
Bank of America, Deutsche Bank, Lehman Brothers and Merrill Lynch -- which provided the debt financing -- all made the adviser list, as did Jeffries & Company and the media banking boutique AGM Partners.
As happy as the deal might have made Angelos, it displeased Comcast, which, in addition to being the largest cable operator in the United States and the dominant one in the Orioles and the Nationals' market, owns all or part of various entertainment and sports networks, including four Comcast SportsNets.
By now, though, the value of News Corporation's holding in WebMD has plummeted to about $133.6 million.
Eastman Kodak Co warns that third-quarter sales and earnings could be below expectations, and its stock tumbles in late trading; company also says it will 'eliminate chronic money losers and nonstrategic units' but does not give details; shares of Eastman Kodak fall 8.4 percent, or $5.50, to $60; graph (L)
''Given the fact that General Motors and DaimlerChrysler, the companies with most concern about the regulation, have come to agreement,'' said Dr. Alan C. Lloyd, the chairman of the California Air Resources Board, ''I'm hoping it spells a new era of working more effectively together.''
Mr. Braun insisted that Yahoo would not abandon its efforts to have original material, but he said it would embark on only a handful of new ventures this year, not the dozens he had been promising last year.
Was Wal-Mart's Anti-Union Image Used as a Shield?
As a result, Verizon said yesterday that it would not.
Microsoft wants the suit dismissed entirely, but, Mr. Neukom said, ''At a minimum, we hope the court will expedite resolution of this case by dismissing many of the key claims.''
The Air Force-Boeing estimate of $138 million per plane did not include a final purchase price at the end of the lease.
Pfizer, after all, was seeking a use patent on Viagra in China, not a patent on the actual compound.
Amazon's gross profit margins have decreased steadily in recent years, to about 24 percent, as the company has cut shipping costs and dropped prices.
Like other employers who continue offering drug insurance as good as or better than Medicare's, Boeing will receive a federal subsidy for the drug purchases of each retiree it retains.
Terms of the settlement were not disclosed yesterday, but Mitsubishi will dismiss its suit against A.T.& T., and A.T.& T. will dismiss its countersuit.
General Motors Corp says June 1998 car and truck sales were highest for any month in nine years but predicts July sales will plummet because of strikes that have shut down most North American assembly plants; vice president Ronald L Zarella says sales will drop 30 percent to 40 percent below year-earlier period, pushing GM's market share to record low of 25 percent and putting it behind Ford Motor Co as largest volume vehicle manufacturer in US; company sold 492,937 cars and trucks in June, 24 percent increase over year-earlier period; Chrysler reports 10 percent increase in sales, compared with June 1997; photo (M)
By now most consumers have probably seen the television commercials from Apple Computer pitting a trim, slightly shaggy hipster, meant to represent that company's Macintosh line, against a pudgy guy in a bad suit, meant to represent personal computers running Microsoft's Windows operating system.
Mr. Sidgmore described his company as "the biggest of the little guys, but we're a small company compared to AT&T, MCI or Microsoft."
For moviemakers who can't find distribution for their work, a lifeline of sorts has been thrown by the on-line retailer Amazon.Com.
Apple attributed the loss to weak Christmas-season sales of its Performa line of consumer-oriented Macintosh computers, and the price cuts and rebates needed to move these machines.
At a panel discussion here last week that featured the heads of all the major television networks, she said that at CBS the emphasis is on giving new shows the time and attention they need.
General Motors maintains that the disputes concern its efforts to catch up with its competitors by streamlining production and gaining greater control of work practices inside the two Flint factories.
Yahoo is the No.
About $4 billion of the decline in the backlog came when J.P. Morgan announced in September that it was pulling out of a $5 billion outsourcing deal it had signed with I.B.M.
Fashion house Proenza Schouler, run by desingers Lazaro Hernandez and Jack McCollough, plans to auction some of newly modeled clothes and shoes on eBay within days of its runway show during Fashion Week in New York next week; lot will include more than four dozen pairs of shoes, designed in eague with Manolo Blahnik and 50 garments; goods, from next week's show as well as two Proenza Schouler shows last year, will carry minimum bids at deep discounts to retail prices; 10-day auction is planned for Feb 26 to Mar 7; photos (M)
Mr. Coughlin, 55, who has worked at Wal-Mart for more than 25 years, currently oversees the Wal-Mart and Sam's Club stores in the United States along with several crucial divisions, like logistics and real estate, as the company's second-in-command.
Charter could also make an offer for AT&T's systems on its own.
In addition, Judge Murphy found that certain calculations I.B.M.
At the rate it has been going in 1999, Citigroup will end the year with nearly $10 billion in profit.
Another dispatch to a Morgan Stanley executive, apparently from Sau Wong, opened with this note, ''As you may not be aware, some 'useful' domain names can fetch as much as six (6) figures or more.''
Mark Murray, a spokesman for Microsoft, said the company had hired Century Strategies to counter ''a comprehensive lobbying campaign by our competitors'' to promote the government's suit.
Warren C. Jenson, Amazon's chief financial officer, told me he views the pro forma number as ''a companion, not a replacement'' for the conventional number.
Is Wal-Mart afraid no one will buy them if they know what they're getting (or not getting)?
And perhaps even more significant than Viacom's ascension to second-largest media company -- with a stock market value of about $72 billion, compared with Time Warner's $80.5 billion -- Viacom could very likely emerge as the world's largest seller of advertising.
Wal-Mart executives said they were ramping up the George brand, clearly to take some business away from the Isaac Mizrahi line at Target, which is priced similarly.
Mr. Nasser, who resigned as chief executive of the Ford Motor Company on Monday, had bold ideas, and many good ones.
He talks to Mr. Moonves daily and flew in from Los Angeles last weekend with his wife, Paula, to go to the United States Open and have dinner with Mr. Moonves and his wife, Julie Chen, a CBS morning show anchor.
The move comes as Amgen is trying to counter perceptions that despite being the world's largest biotechnology company, it is a scientific weakling.
The e-mail message -- written in 2001 and disclosed last week as part of a New York State lawsuit asserting that Marsh Inc., a unit of Marsh & McLennan, cheated customers -- even made a joke about creating an illusion of competition.
Amazon.com, the world's largest online bookseller, would be an obvious buyer for BOL, which has $98 million in sales and operations in Germany, the Netherlands, Scandinavia, Italy, Britain and China.
Wal-Mart has been on a public-relations campaign recently, rebutting critics who say its employment practices hurt women, immigrants and others.
Time Warner has shown 11 of the 25 additional games, leaving 14 that may not be available for 1.1 million local cable subscribers.
Hyperion would be one of the last pieces to complete Oracle's strategy.
The proposed settlement was short of a breakup, but it did place restrictions on Microsoft.
Nothing in the judge's ruling or the commission order restricts Microsoft's ability to market Windows with a bundled media player in Europe.
''Nokia is the company most forcefully trying to make sure there is an alternative to Microsoft,'' said Scott Ellison, an analyst for the International Data Corporation, a research company.
In a 1998 business travel forecast released this week, American Express predicts overall travel costs will jump 3 percent to 5 percent next year, compared with an expected 7 percent to 8 percent increase this year.
Kodak is not saying its brand has to be one or the other.
Shoppers this holiday season appear to be cutting back spending in wake of rising gasoline prices and big increase in impending heating bills; Retail Metrics says purchases at stores open at least one year rose 3.7 percent over last year, below expected 3.9 percent rise; sluggish performance at department stores, club warehouse chains and even usually invulnerable luxury retailers dragged down results, intensifying pressure on chains like Saks, Federated Department Stores and Gap to produce strong December; consumers are flocking to discount chains like Wal-Mart and Target, purchasing more online, but skipping many full-price shops at mall; several mall retailers--Gap, Express and Aeropostale, among them--have been offering deep discounts that could eat into profit margins for fourth quarter; Wal-Mart says sales rose 4.3 percent, outperforming its trendier rival, Target, which was up 2.6 percent, for first time in year; graph; chart; photo (M)
Morgan Stanley was the co-developer of the project with the Rockefeller Group, which owned the site near the four skyscrapers that it owns or manages on the west side of the Avenue of the Americas facing Rockefeller Center.
I.B.M.
New report from Credit Suisse First Boston says changes in way corporations acquire and use computer technology could lead to new period of industry consolidation and, potentially, to end of PC price wars; Charles Wolf, who prepared report, says that by end of 2001, half the overall PC market will be controlled by four computer makers: Hewlett-Packard Co, IBM, Compaq Computer Corp and Dell Computer Corp; their share has already risen to 35 percent from 24 percent in two years; these four are focusing on market for networked computers, selling systems designed to be attached to other computers and corporatewide data network; they are satisfying growing desire of corporations for one-stop shopping for computer equipment (M)
And Pioneer needs access to Monsanto's genes.
Letter by Daniel F Becker of Sierra Club on General Motors' entry into Russian car market; says last thing Russians need are gas-guzzling sports utility vehicles (S)
Nine other states and the Justice Department have already reached a less stringent agreement with Microsoft.
Vytorin is a combination of Zocor and Zetia, another new cholesterol-lowering medicine that Merck and Schering jointly market.
But I.B.M.
''With this contract, the city does for metal, glass and plastic what it did for paper nearly 10 years ago,'' said Councilman Michael E. McMahon, a Staten Island Democrat and chairman of the Council's waste management committee.
And profit margins are much higher for its Thinkpad notebook computers and Netfinity servers for Windows NT, two areas where customers are willing to pay higher prices for I.B.M.
Also, many executives who might consider selling their companies, or parts of their companies, to Liberty would prefer ''real'' common shares in return rather than the AT&T tracking shares that Liberty currently uses.
After ordering thousands of copies, Wal-Mart has decided not to put the top-selling book in the country on its store shelves because of a picture that it said customers might deem offensive.
For instance, Motorola has been investing in putting diverse chip functions on a single chip, like a hybrid controller and signal processor called the F8300 it will announce today.
It is the fastest-growing part of Wal-Mart, with nearly 30 percent sales growth in June, compared with the same month last year.
Morgan Stanley quickly bid $10,000, a sum that Alejandro Levins, who was representing Morgan Stanley, described to one of the boys as ''a nice bag of money for a guy your age,'' according to documents Morgan Stanley filed in court.
''That's why we're asking Bill Ford, head of the Ford Motor Company, to do his part and to produce more fuel-efficient cars, S.U.V.
Executives at Coca-Cola, which has its headquarters in Atlanta, did not return telephone calls.
Dick Davidson, chairman of the Union Pacific Corporation, the railroad's parent company, called the merger the ultimate solution to service backups, rather than their cause.
But Mr. Fisher contends that such analysis means only that Microsoft's management is taking the long view of monopoly.
After a price war with PepsiCo cut deeply into their profits, major bottlers like Coca-Cola Enterprises, a publicly traded company whose stock has fallen roughly 60 percent in the last two years, are pressing for better terms with Coke on a wide range of issues, from soda prices to vending machines.
and the effort involved in keeping up with Microsoft's frequent security patches.''
's stock increased by 100 percent over the next decade from its current price of around $97 a share, for example, an I.B.M.
The turn of events led to internal meetings today at United Technologies about the possibility of making a bid for Honeywell, people close to the company said.
Kodak wants that halo effect.
Microsoft announced yesterday that it was extending the online gaming service for its Xbox consoles to the millions of people who use Windows PCs to play games over the Internet, a move that could bolster the popularity -- and profits -- of video gaming.
Apple Computer said yesterday that 40 percent of the people who bought computers at the 27 retail stores it has opened in recent months were first-time users of Macintosh machines.
He's the global wine director for Costco, which now claims to be America's largest wine retailer.
Humana was advised by Lehman Brothers and Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver & Jacobson.
Another would develop and sell the application software such as Microsoft Office.
Three new services -- from Google, Yahoo and Teleflip -- can deliver your e-mail messages directly to ordinary nonsmart cellphones.
ChevronTexaco Offers $16.8 Billion for Unocal
Microsoft's ''premium'' licensing program allows companies to change Windows CE and redistribute it in commercial products.
AOL-Time Warner Rivals Preparing for Interactive TV Fight
Cisco is the leader in the router business, but it faces a challenge from its main Silicon Valley rival, Juniper Networks.
Like the employees at I.B.M.
At the time, J. Aron had just been bought by Goldman Sachs.
Italian competition authorities will issue report that accuses Coca-Cola Co of using market dominance to try to drive out smaller competitors, including its chief rival Pepsico Inc; report all but completes 14-month investigation that resulted from complaints made in 1997 and last year by Pepsico, and Italian supermarket chain called Esselunga SpA; similar inquiry, led by officials of European Union, is under way in Austria, Denmark and Germany; decision on whether Coca-Cola will be fined is expected Dec 15; Coca-Cola says Pepsi's poor performance in Italy is due to lack of commitment and investment there; adds Pepsi is attempting to compete in courtroom instead of marketplace (M)
Unlike Priceline, which requires users to bid for seats and accept the lowest fare offered, Hotwire will let them select an actual fare for the desired route.
Nortel could have accepted nonvoting stock shares or a variety of other governance restrictions that would have given Corning room to operate independently, but no acceptable approaches emerged in the talks.
If more than 200 people had opted out, Coke could have canceled the settlement.
Bear Stearns and Lehman Brothers advised Time Warner; Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison served as legal advisers.
Mr. Gates also discusses, even if he seems to gloss over them, the competitive threats to Microsoft that are coming from outside the personal computer industry.
Enron's modern era dates back to the mid-1980's, and throughout that period Citigroup and J. P. Morgan Chase have been there to lend with both hands.
Justice Department is expected to sue Microsoft Corp to place limits on contracts company strikes with personal computer makers, Internet service providers and Web site operators; department will argue that contracts must be limited to prevent Microsoft from using a monopoly in operating systems, both to unfairly protect its Windows stronghold and to extend its monopolistic reach into new markets of Internet software and commerce (M)
I.B.M.
Although Xerox has been steadily losing market share to Canon, which has introduced many new digital products this year, Xerox announced price increases yesterday of 3 percent to 5 percent on some of its highest-end and lowest-end digital products.
But sales of its iSeries minicomputers fell by 26 percent, a falloff that I.B.M.
In the laundry detergent business, for instance, Wal-Mart has been pushing manufacturers to make superconcentrate versions that require less packaging and shelf space.
In addition to acknowledging that free programs can compete with commercial software in terms of quality, the memorandum calls the free software movement a ''long-term credible'' threat and warns that employing a traditional Microsoft marketing strategy known as ''FUD,'' an acronym for ''fear, uncertainty and doubt,'' will not succeed against the developers of free software.
Ending its worst year on an upbeat note, the Intel Corporation reported fourth-quarter earnings today that exceeded most expectations.
General Motors Corp agrees to buy two-thirds of Daewoo Motor Co from Daewoo's creditors for about $1 billion, but leaves most troublesome parts on creditors' hands (S)
MCI's board has agreed to merge with Verizon in a deal worth $23.10 a share.
Goodyear never officially rolled back its prices, but it was forced to offer discounts and promotions to bolster sales.
Mr. Stein, in the meantime, left Mattel and became head of the Kenner Products subsidiary of Hasbro, where he introduced hit products based on such movies as ''Batman'' and ''Jurassic Park.''
Fresh off the triumph of revamping Wal-Mart's once-dowdy apparel section into one of its most successful departments, Ms. Castagna is viewed as the kind of results-oriented executive who can finally shake Penney out of its longstanding ennui.
Dominating the jumbo-jet category, which it is about to inherit from the venerable Boeing 747, is not enough.
An increasingly negative view on Ford among bond investors is problematic to the company and its financing arm, Ford Motor Credit, which is the largest issuer of corporate debt in the nation.
Still, Boeing stock is trading well below its 52-week high of $60.50, set last July, when the company was basking in the success of record orders for its passenger jets.
Analysis of broader implications for news media should Santa Clara County Judge James Kleinberg rule online commentators and pundits known as bloggers are journalists, with privilege under California law of keeping news sources confidential; case involves Apple Computer suit to force Web sites that display leaked product data to disclose identity of Apple employees or contractors who provide data; raises concern that judges may deny reporter shield privilege to all reporters rather than extend it to everyone online (M)
Even though General Motors and Ford Motor continued to have difficulty selling cars, they did narrow their losses last month.
Halliburton was advised by Goldman, Sachs & Company and SBC Warburg Dillon Read.
Representatives of Boeing Co and 17,000 engineers and technical workers represented by Society of Professional Engineering Employees in Aerospace union are expected to meet separately with federal mediators this week amid signs that tensions between two groups is escalating; workers walked off their jobs Feb 9 after contract negotiations broke down over wages and health care coverage (M)
The most bitter and tangled of the legal disputes went to trial yesterday in federal court in Manhattan, where a small Israeli company called Medinol and Boston Scientific are accusing each other of undermining their joint venture to help develop and market Medinol's stents.
The revamping is the first major initiative undertaken by the new president and chief operating officer of Interpublic, John J. Dooner Jr., since he took those posts on April 1.
Campbell is also combining soup accounts in Belgium and Germany at Y.& R. by shifting them from the Bates Worldwide unit of Cordiant P.L.C.
At that time, he noted, the News Corporation said it would be looking for partners that would invest in the venture as well as work with it.
Morgan Stanley has yet to offer a full explanation or to provide supporting invoices or tax documents that would show that the payment was made for a legitimate business purpose, lawyers involved in the matter said.
The hourlong session took on a surreal quality as questions about whether Mr. Ellison's behavior was ''Nixonian'' were interspersed with inquiries about Oracle's products and the company's market share in the Internet software business.
Lawrence F. Probst, Electronic Arts' chief executive, said that in addition to the transition to new consoles, a factor dampening demand for current software might be that the price of existing consoles remains relatively high.
It charges $3 to $5 for movies sent over the Internet, and uses both Real Networks and Microsoft technology.
License revenue at Oracle's enterprise application business, which includes the business Oracle acquired through its takeover of PeopleSoft last year, increased 84 percent to $127 million.
And somewhere, often near the bottom, was a logo for AT&T, corporate sponsor.
Owen Dougherty, a spokesman in New York for Euro RSCG Worldwide, the Havas agency handling the creative advertising part of the assignments, said that Intel ''has agreed to have us make a final presentation,'' which is likely to take place next month.
This is because Sony, Microsoft's Xbox group and Nintendo try to make their products as attractive as possible in stores and offer financial incentives to retailers to make that happen.
Stocks erased much of their gains yesterday, after a modest afternoon rally that followed the Federal Reserve's latest interest rate reduction faded when Merck & Company warned that it would not meet its earnings forecast.
Spending for the campaign is not being disclosed; American Express typically spends more than $300 million a year on ads in major American media.
The purposefulness is dialed up to 11, to borrow a line from the film ''This Is Spinal Tap,'' in linking the qualities of Nike's Pro line of performance apparel with the qualities of winning athletes.
For our members and all U.K. businesses, there are no immediate alternatives to using Microsoft software and the company knows this.''
Intel, the world's largest chip maker, said it hoped to save ''hundreds of millions of dollars'' without having to scale back spending on research and development, an area it is counting on to stay ahead of its competitors.
Morgan Stanley reiterated that he was dismissed for expense account abuses.
Pfizer is expanding a new relationship with the New York office of BBDO Worldwide, part of the Omnicom Group, by shifting to the agency the creative duties on the account of the Lubriderm line of skin-care products in the United States.
Verizon loses money on Internet access services but analysts have said that Verizon and other former Bell companies have to offer competitive online service plans if they are to hang on to their current customers and attract new ones as competition increases in the traditional phone business.
Mexico's Credit Rating Is Raised to Investment Quality by Moody's
Deputy Inspector Robert A. Martin, commanding officer of the Police Department's Special Investigation Division, said Mr. Curry tried to hire a hacker, who turned out to be an undercover officer, to break into Morgan Stanley's E-mail system and plant a note to help his case.
On Oct. 3, Reuters reported that Prudential had emerged as a front-runner in the deal.
''The larger picture here is that intellectual property is the crucial capital in a global knowledge economy,'' said Samuel J. Palmisano, I.B.M.
A Pfizer endocrinologist, Dr. Rochelle Chaiken, said that lung function normally decreased as people age and that patients on Exubera had not shown unusually rapid decreases.
McDonald's is also working to improve the experience of visiting its restaurants, executives said, through programs like one in Ohio called I.F.I.F.I.L.I., for ''I'm fast, I'm friendly and I'm lovin' it.''
One implication, I.B.M.
An article in Business Day yesterday about the plans of Autodesk Inc. to reacquire Buzzsaw.com, a provider of Internet services, misstated which company reported sales of $5.3 million in its first year.
Nobody is counting Procter & Gamble, Coca-Cola or other big consumer brand companies out of the game.
The trial in Federal District Court in San Francisco comes a year after Oracle surprised PeopleSoft with its initial $5.1 billion bid for the company, the first in a series of offers that PeopleSoft's board has rejected.
''We have no reason as of yet to have a joint meeting with Boeing,'' Mr. Bofferding said.
Pratt & Whitney, the engine maker owned  by the United Technologies Corporation, revived itself with such a radical shift, but most executives are not ready for that, said Mr. Womack, who was dismissed as a consultant to Boeing for being, as he put it, ''disruptive and obnoxious.''
Oracle hopes eventually to overtake SAP as the world's largest maker of business applications software.
Re ''The Wal-Martization of America'' (editorial, Nov. 15):
''At the price they first offered, the bid was only mildly dilutive,'' noted Matthew Harrigan, a media analyst at Janco Partners, referring to the impact on the earnings value of Comcast's shares.
Once a cornerstone of AT&T, the consumer operation saw its growth stop in recent years as competition in the residential long-distance market drove prices for many consumers below 10 cents a minute.
The General Motors Corporation posted a sharp decline in profits yesterday because of rising competition from Asian carmakers, cooling demand for cars in the United States and disappointing sales in Europe.
Tiffany Steckler, a spokeswoman for Microsoft, said the company could not comment in detail about the new complaint.
Wal-Mart Offers Aid To Rivals
Costs are already down $350 million for the first half of 1998, putting Kodak ahead of schedule.
Merrill Lynch & Co regains momentum in underwriting American stocks and bonds less than three weeks afer attack on World Trade Center disrupted much of their business; Merrill, which as been leading underwriter, is competing for top spot with Salomon Smith Barney unit of Citigroup (M)
Oracle's results came less than a day after it won a bidding war with SAP of Germany, its larger rival, to acquire Retek Inc. for $341 million.
Second, with the exception of six recently opened Sam's Club stores, Wal-Mart stores in Canada offer relatively few food products.
At a time when few new carriers have emerged worldwide and several in the United States have gone bankrupt, Mr. Abed, who is now 40, has built an airline called Taesa into Mexico's third largest, after Aeromexico and Mexicana Airlines.
Halliburton shares rose $1.0625 yesterday, to $44.
Union members at Delphi were paid essentially the same wages and benefits as their counterparts at General Motors, which owned Delphi until a spinoff in 1999.
Stark career profiles of victims of September 11 terrorist attack on World Trade Center being prepared by companies with biggest losses to help in determining compensation are arousing anxiety among fragile population of survivors; may not match expectations of those left behind, who may have mistaken idea of how loved ones ranked in jobs and what their prospects were; reports from Marsh & McLennan, Cantor Fitzgerald, Keefe Bryuette & Woods, Carr Futures and others discussed; photo (M)
But Microsoft and AOL are having some success in persuading customers to use their services, in addition to cable or phone company broadband.
There were strong increases in prescription drug sales in the United States, ranging from 19 percent for Pfizer to 23 percent for Merck.
Federal and state investigators are looking into whether large medical-products companies are bundling products for sale to hospitals in ways that may violate antitrust laws; Connecticut Atty Gen Richard Blumenthal says his office has expanded its inquiry beyond business practices of privately held companies that negotiate contracts for hospital supplies to include some large suppliers; Blumenthal's office subpoenas Johnson & Johnson for information on way it markets sutures and unrelated group of surgical instruments known as endomechandical devices; Blumenthal says several other large companies are being examined, but declines to name them; witnesses at Congressional hearing refer to Johnson & Johnson's practice of requiring negotiating companies to deal with its sutures and endomechanical devices as single package; no one at hearing names Johnson & Johnson directly, but company does not deny existence of such contracts; says contracts are not anticompetitive; General Accounting Office releases study showing that Premier and Novation rely on bundling 'for a notable portion of their business,' as much as 40 percent of sales volume (M)
Kodak Issues Rare Warning on Earnings
''Microsoft is facing a new reality and adjusting minutely in the right direction,'' said John Buckley, a vice president of AOL Time Warner.
The goal of the campaign, which begins overseas now and in the home American market on Sept. 29, is to rekindle the flagging desire of consumers -- particularly children, teenagers and younger adults -- to visit McDonald's restaurants and order mainstay menu items.
Apple's Emmy is an engineering award for FireWire, an advanced data-transport technology for connecting peripheral devices to computers.
For example, many of the player's most appealing innovations, like the task-bar controls and Instant On video, require that the user run the ME or XP versions of Windows or that the online service run Microsoft's .Net server.
The forecast is for ''pro forma operating profitability,'' a number Amazon computes by ignoring lots of expenses.
Microsofties have their own lingo.
Intel Settlement Revives A Fading Chip Designer
Shares of McAfee, another leading antivirus software company and Symantec's chief rival, dropped more than 5 percent yesterday after Microsoft's announcement.
Microsoft paid 497 million euros in fines after the 2004 ruling.
TMP said it would not engage in a bidding war for HotJobs.com, which it had agreed to buy six months ago, refusing to top Yahoo's unsolicited offer of $436 million.
Predictably, Microsoft's rivals hailed the Government's move.
Weeks is hedging Corning's bets.
Professor Wood agreed that my instinct to turn to eBay had been correct.
Microsoft Corp has served subpoenas on five leading companies in computer industry asking them to supply information that would show they engage in business practices similar to practices at center of Federal Government's antitrust suit against Microsoft; subpoenas, which are so sweeping in scope that they could delay scheduled Sept 23 start of trial, are served on IBM, Netscape Communications Corp, Novell Inc, Oracle Corp and Sun Microsystems Inc (M)
With the proposed SBC-AT&T and Verizon-MCI unions, Qwest will have a harder time competing in the enterprise market, Mr. Levin said.
In March, two Democrats in the House of Representatives, Carolyn McCarthy of New York and Robert Andrews of New Jersey, introduced legislation aimed at preventing companies from forcing older employees into retirement and denying them pensions and other benefits, as the agents assert that Allstate did.
The first, Amazon Pages, is intended to work with the company's ''search inside the book'' feature to allow users to search its universe of books and then buy and read online whatever pages they need of a given book.
franchise would give United Healthcare a head start on converting thousands of elderly policyholders to membership in lucrative Medicare health maintenance organizations.
IBM plans to trim its payroll by about 9,000 workers by middle of year; jobs make up fewer than 3 percent of company's worldwide work force, but most of cutbacks will come among company's 160,000 employees in US; reductions appear to be another indication that pickup in technology investment is coming later than many industry executives had hoped (M)
Leasing companies, including those owned by Ford and General Motors, say awards are escalating into the hundreds of millions of dollars.
Microsoft's power in the technology industry, some analysts insist, is waning.
Among Mr. Capellas's complaints is the general concern that Microsoft would not be allowed to accord Compaq special treatment in pricing and partnerships.
''These were discovered by Goodyear.''
Article in series Arsenal of the Future explores soaring price of new warships; says soaring shipbuilding costs, driven by old-school politics and rusty machinery of American shipbuilding, may scuttle Pentagon's plans for 21st-century armada of high-technology aircraft carriers, destroyers and submarines; Navy wants more fast boats and aircraft to fight offshore and upriver, and says it can make do with fewer big ships patrolling oceans; Congress, seeking to sustain America's shipyards, wants as many big ships as possible; political hagging may also add to price; Navy wants winner-take-all competition to build destroyers; Congress wants contracts given to both Northrop Grumman and General Dynamics, only military shipbuilders that can produce ships Navy needs; officials say two companies do not really compete in traditional sense; shipbuilding system's critics say system is 'prehistoric' and that military shipbuilding is 'unbelievably regulated socialist industry'; photo; chart (L)
Auto industry sold 16.6 million vehicles in April at seasonally adjusted annual pace, 10 percent decline from year earlier; General Motors, Ford Motor Co and Chrysler unit of DaimlerChrysler all post declines in sales of 15 percent to 18 percent, compared with sales in April 2000; Toyota reports increase of 6.7 percent, while BMW's sales soared 30.5 percent; photo (M)
''Intellectual property issues are both more complex and more important than in the past,'' Microsoft's general counsel, Brad Smith, said, ''and we're seeing more litigation.''
For the three months ended March 27, Apple reported a net profit of $46 million, or 12 cents a share, compared with $14 million, or 4 cents a share, in the quarter a year earlier.
None of the bids, which came from the Ford Motor Company, Daewoo, Hyundai and Samsung, met all of these conditions, Korean officials announced on Tuesday morning in Seoul, when it was still Monday night here in Detroit.
James H. Clark, Netscape's chairman, spoke boldly of attacking Microsoft head-on.
''Frank is the guy that put the word 'hot' in hot I.P.O.,'' said Andy Kessler, a hedge fund investor based in Silicon Valley who once worked with Mr. Quattrone at Morgan Stanley.
Over all, the share sales so far involve a small but significant portion of Mr. Redstone's holdings in Viacom.
Xerox's performance has been even worse in the low-end market.
AT&T hopes to complete the plan by the fall of 2002.
The news came after a rough day of trading for Intel's stock, in part because a Merrill Lynch analyst had downgraded the company's shares to neutral from strong buy, asserting that the prices of the semiconductor industry stocks cannot be justified short of a sharp economic turnaround in the year's second half.
''If MacOS X is accepted,'' said Andreas Pfeiffer, editor of the industry newsletter The Pfeiffer Report on Emerging Trends and Technologies, ''it will also help re-establish Apple as an innovator in the operating-systems space, where the company has kept a relatively low profile lately, and alongside with the continuing growth of Linux, it will contribute to the erosion of the Windows domination of the overall computing market.''
Correction of Oct 14 and 16 articles and Oct 16 chart that misstated Texaco Inc and Chevron Corp 1999 combined revenue, which totaled $85 billion
AT&T is trying to break up a deal announced last month in which Mediaone agreed to be acquired by the Comcast Corporation for $53 billion in stock.
Even if the whole Hynix board were replaced tomorrow, the Micron official said, the new directors would need several months to master the issues before conducting talks.
Technology Briefing
America Online vice president John Borthwick urges Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly to require Microsoft to license stripped-down version of its Windows operating system that computer makers and other companies could choose to package with Web browsers, media players and other software components made by Microsoft competitors; Microsoft lawyer Richard C Pepperman, in his cross-examination of Borthwick, says stripping components out of Windows would prevent separate set of third-party programs that depended on them from working (M)
They also said that matching the $60-a-share offer by the News Corporation was, as one said, ''a very high threshold.''
The conventional wisdom says Netscape is the rabbit and Microsoft is the tortoise in the race to create the dominant browser, albeit a large, extremely powerful tortoise that is gaining rapidly.
A SEASONED executive with experience in the account, creative and strategic realms of agency operations is being named to a new top post at the Interpublic Group of Companies in New York.
Mr. Cantalupo had lost weight in recent years and appeared fit after having been overweight in the 1990's, said Dick Adams, a former McDonald's executive and a franchisee consultant, according to The Associated Press.
Shares of Microsoft rose 10 cents yesterday, closing at $26.50, and gained 2 percent in after-hours trading, when the results were released.
We are maintaining our proportionate interest in Viacom -- which we intend to hold forever.''
From the time the deal was announced, the implied value of AT&T's core units -- the ones that provide local and long-distance voice and data communications services to businesses and consumers -- has been bouncing around in a range of about $14 billion to about $22 billion.
The research paper, posted on a Xerox World Wide Web site  (http://www.parc.xerox.com/istl  /groups/iea/papers/gnutella  /index.html), comes during a bitter legal fight between Napster, the most prominent music-sharing system, and the record industry, which says the system is a mass copyright infringement.
In response to the boycott threat, Intel said the company would alter the software that turns the identification feature on and off.
Complex back surgery has become a lucrative business for companies making implants, and Medtronic was accused of spending tens of millions of dollars on consulting contracts and other types of payments to prominent spine surgeons.
Korean Air, Bucking a Trend, Will Buy 27 Boeing 737 Jets
Honeywell -- formed by a merger of Honeywell and Allied Signal -- produces aerospace systems, power and transportation products, specialty chemicals, home security systems and building climate controls, as in Honeywell thermostats.
General Motors is the third-largest auto maker in Brazil, and has only modestly trimmed production by suspending one shift of workers as of last Saturday.
In a merger of insurance giants, American International Group, a world leader in corporate insurance, agreed yesterday to buy SunAmerica Inc., a pioneer in selling investments for retirement, for stock valued at $17.8 billion.
Procter & Gamble, Wal-Mart's largest supplier, has had offices in Fayetteville, where the University of Arkansas is situated, since the 1980's.
When asked why Mr. Hance neglected to mention the $89 million, Robert Stickler, Bank of America's spokesman, said, ''Mr.
Among those being demonstrated this week is a small tablet computer using Intel chips, and based on Microsoft's Origami design for low-priced mobile computers.
And since some of what consumers are expected to get over the fast new networks is entertainment, Time Warner stands to benefit, too, by having a partner that is already a powerful Internet presence.
Now the question is whether the strong like Corning will follow them.
In August 1987, Intel was valued at about $6 billion by the stock market, and Microsoft at about $3 billion.
Silvio Berlusconi, through his company Fininvest, remains Italy's urivailed media boss; proposed new law could weaken his long-held lock on Italian television, and in process help Rupert Murdoch, chairman and chief executive of News Corp, which owns Sky Italia, Italy's sole satellite provider; Berlusconi has long held upper hand due in large part to fact that he served as Italy's prime minister; Romano Prodi, who defeated Berlusconi six months, has vowed to end Berlusconi's hegemony over media; photo (M)
Michael J. Russell Jr., an analyst who follows the industry for Morgan Stanley Dean Witter, asked rhetorically.
''All terms of I.B.M.
Although Hellenic is technically the buyer, under the terms of the deal a management team from Coca-Cola Beverages would control the newly formed company.
The Merck drug is also single dose.
Yahoo, meanwhile, moved a veteran executive from its headquarters in Sunnyvale, Calif., to take over as chief operating officer of its research center in Bangalore.
Professional value investors like Bruce C Baughman, who manages money for Franklin Templeton, are starting to buy technology stocks; that could provide modest glimmer of hope for embattled sector, though value investors are sticking at least initially to stocks with industrial bent, like semiconductor and electronic equipment makers; photo (M)
But the protest organizers also aimed to bring to the public's attention other of Microsoft business practices.
Many of these benefits would not have been possible but for Microsoft's unified structure, which enables Microsoft to conceive and implement new ideas that span operating systems and applications.
Opening a McDonald's franchise costs $500,000 to $800,000, the company said.
But by inviting publishers to sell their electronic books directly to readers through its web site, Yahoo is also competing with barnesandnoble.com, which pays to be the main bookseller featured on Yahoo's Web site.
A representative of Bristol-Myers Squibb said the campaign was meant to be lighthearted, not offensive.
That is the view of a recent report from the research firm In-Stat/MDR, which expects only a handful of chip makers, led by Broadcom and Texas Instruments, to be in the modem chip market within a few years.
Mr. Kelly, of Pfizer, said that the savings to consumers resulted from discounts offered by pharmacists as well as manufacturers.
Yahoo's total revenue was $283 million for the quarter, up 47 percent from a year ago.
The lawsuit that would be resolved by the settlement contended that Mr. Ellison sold shares worth $900 million in January 2001, because he knew in advance that Oracle would not meet its expected earnings target.
Combined sales of Celebrex and Bextra, a similar arthritis drug also made by Pfizer, are expected to be more than $4 billion in 2004, about 8 percent of Pfizer's worldwide sales.
Boy, do I wish I worked for Goldman Sachs.
In court today, a Microsoft lawyer, John Warden, said the company would file a petition on Monday asking Judge Jackson to dismiss important parts of the antitrust case -- primarily the part dealing with bundling the browser with Windows.
Over the years, the promises to become more than a copier company have seemed as repetitive as, well, Xerox copies.
One company that did respond was Cisco.
Raytheon Co shocks Wall Street again by lowering its profit forecast for third time since September, latest sign that military contractors created by wave of mergers in 1990's are proving difficult to manage (M)
Adelphia Misled Moody's, Ex-Official Says
But as currently designed, bipolar transistors -- originally used in mainframe computers -- tend to be expensive and consume a lot of power, said Ghavam Shahidi, director of silicon science at I.B.M.
The Government also introduced an E-mail from the chairman of his current employer, Oblix, saying the company depended on its relationship with Microsoft, adding, ''We need to be totally in bed with them.''
It jumps from computer to computer by exploiting a Microsoft programming error in a part of Windows that is designed to let computers share various services over the Internet.
Bank stock analysts and traders in distressed securities have speculated about other potential problem loans that could hit Bank of America, First Union and other lenders.
Micron's chairman, Steven R. Appleton, made plain his anger over the Hynix board's surprise action on Tuesday, rejecting an agreement reached after months of negotiations among Micron, Hynix and the creditor banks that control Hynix's finances.
For the year, Intel shares are down about 36 percent.
While the current crisis is not as serious as the one faced in 1982 by Johnson & Johnson when some packages of Tylenol had been tampered with or by Source Perrier S.A. over contamination of its bottled water in 1990, how Coca-Cola handles this is critical to its reputation, the experts say.
While the Ford Motor Company recently acknowledged that sport utility vehicles can be hazardous to other motorists, law professors and plaintiff lawyers say that it remains difficult to win lawsuits based on the damage that sport utilities inflict in crashes.
About $15 billion in stock options went to Microsoft employees over the last 15 years, and that has provided a cushion for many during the downturn.
Chips are a much more expensive component of personal computers than the operating system software and Internet browsers at the center of the Microsoft dispute.
I.B.M., which once defined and dominated the PC business, made an ignominious exit from the retail market in 2000 as Dell and Hewlett became the dominant players.
The Mannesmann consortium includes the AT&T Corporation and the Unisource group of European national telecommunications companies from the Netherlands, Sweden, Spain and Switzerland.
Whatever the long-term effect on corporate communications users, there is little doubt that the Verizon-MCI deal, like the SBC-AT&T agreement, is a response to basic economic shifts in the telecommunications business in recent years.
Verizon and Yahoo Team Up to Offer Broadband Service
The first paragraph reads, ''Apple wants to keep both Netscape and Microsoft developing browsers for Mac believing if one drops out, the other will lose interest (and also not really wanting to pick up the development burden.)
Pfizer's acquisition of Pharmacia, resulting in a company that would still control only 11 percent of the global market, is likely to hasten the industry's continued consolidation.
But in this case, several vulture investors said they were afraid to bet against Xerox's shares.
''You don't even have to wait for Amazon to deliver,'' Mr. Aiken said.
And for the time being, Microsoft executives will continue to have to contend with Judge Jackson's powerful findings that the company repeatedly violated the Sherman Act.
Since 2002, when dozens of employees left PayPal after it was bought by eBay for $1.5 billion, those workers have gone on to start or join a new generation of Internet companies and other ventures.
has already ordered Pfizer to place a black box warning on its other COX-2 drug, Bextra.
His plan is to combine Comcast and its 21.5 million cable subscribers with Disney, a merger he described as a marriage of distribution and content that would let ''our customer access the best of Disney, which is the entertainment leader.''
George Lucas's movie company announced today that the next three films in its ''Star Wars'' series, one of the most powerful movie franchises ever produced, would be distributed by 20th Century Fox, the film division of the News Corporation.
That logic was apparently not lost yesterday on a striking Verizon worker, who gave his name only as Jerry, and who was involved in a confrontation outside a Verizon maintenance garage on King Street in the SoHo section of Manhattan.
MediaTalk; News Corp. Donors Show Bipartisan Spirit In Presidential Politics
It seeks an injunction to stop Microsoft from selling Vista until the technology is removed.
And the two companies are increasingly likely to compete both in Intel's efforts to enter the digital home and its new effort to embed software that provides greater manageability in systems sold to the corporate server market.
''More coffee chains have advanced into the Japanese market, so gradually the boom element has thinned for Starbucks,'' said Takashi Imajo, a senior retail analyst for the Daiwa Institute of Research.
In November 1995, Mr. Jones wrote a memo to Microsoft's chairman, Bill Gates, that proposed binding Windows to Explorer ''so that running any other browser is a jolting experience.''
And AOL will try to get its customers who live in areas served by Time Warner cable to upgrade to the new service.
Mr. Redstone recently dismissed Viacom's chief executive, Tom Freston, in part, Mr. Redstone said, because Viacom had not been aggressive enough in trying to acquire MySpace, which was ultimately bought by the News Corporation.
Facing criticism from some Republicans, the state attorney general, Bill Lockyer, left, a Democrat, said he would return $50,000 in political contributions from the Oracle Corporation to avoid the appearance of a conflict in his office's investigation of a state contract awarded to the software company.
After a cut in the price of Pringles in June, Procter officials said, sales started growing again, especially overseas.
And even some analysts who speak highly of Mr. Palmisano add that I.B.M.
Yesterday's ruling, which overturned existing rates set from 1997 to 1999 using cost studies prepared by Verizon, was the first of its kind by a state public service commission and was expected to be influential in other states.
His luck turned sour, however, when he bought CMGI again last fall, as well as Yahoo.
So far this year, Citigroup shares have fallen 5.4 percent.
I.B.M.
L-3 Communications, a military technology company, is in advanced talks to buy the Titan Corporation, the military contractor, for roughly $1.8 billion, executives involved in the negotiations said yesterday.
''Carl Ware is a tremendous asset to me, our Africa business and the Coca-Cola Company,'' he said.
The service is scheduled to become available to all 2.5 million Netflix users next month.
And despite making its public debut well over a year ago, ClearType, which Microsoft says can improve text clarity by 300 percent, is still not available to consumers and its technical details remain shrouded in secrecy.
American International Group says it is buying Japanese life insurance business of General Electric, as well as GE's small auto and home insurance business in US, for $2.1 billion to $2.2 billion, depending on how long deal takes to close (S)
''What will drive AT&T is regaining credibility.
The deal, which is expected to be approved by British regulators, creates a company that will make everything from submarines to warplanes to avionics and will be the third-largest military contractor behind the Boeing Company and the Lockheed Martin Corporation.
That limitation has drawn increasing scrutiny from European governments, pressure that Apple has recently begun to acknowledge.
But executives of the two companies see a clear logic: Veritas makes corporate data accessible, while Symantec makes that data secure, and corporate customers increasingly want to buy such technology from a single vendor.
The agreement was announced Monday by Bill Gates, the chairman of Microsoft, and Atsutoshi Nishida, the chief executive of Toshiba.
It is also the first time American Express, which pays for newspaper advertisements in exchange for the right to sell the tickets, has offered early access to future tickets for a show that was already running.
As with the toys that have long been packaged with McDonald's food, the relationship will help draw customers to the restaurants, she said.
After a hastily convened board meeting yesterday afternoon, Motorola appointed Mike Zafirovski as president and chief operating officer.
With the move to Siebel, Mr. Lawrie is getting an opportunity that was not open to him at I.B.M.
That situation is complicated, however, by the fact that Interpublic itself, rather than an Interpublic agency, was named last year by Coca-Cola to serve as the ''brand steward'' for the flagship Coca-Cola soft drink.
Under the plan, AT&T leases capacity on Frontier's local network at a  5 percent discount from the $12.96 rate.
Verizon's stock fell 20 cents yesterday, to $34.95, and has dipped 4.3 percent in the last two weeks.
Lockheed Martin lost 81.25 cents, to $115.5625.
Since then, the rival chains Tesco, J Sainsbury and Asda, which is owned by Wal-Mart Stores, as well as an entrepreneur, Philip Green, have jumped into the bidding.
Unlike Goldman's earnings report, however, Morgan Stanley's results are expected to suffer from the contribution of its struggling retail investor division, which has been hit by the reluctance of the individual investor to get back into the market.
''If you look at Oracle's sales pattern, it's heavily weighted to this quarter,'' he added, noting that customers hold off purchases to get end-of-the-year discounts.
Amgen Inc. said the Food and Drug Administration had rejected a new drug for prostate cancer that it was developing with Praecis Pharmaceuticals.
But Mr. Gore had the added burden of representing an administration that has ferociously pummeled Microsoft in court.
With Wal-Mart Stores under mounting pressure to spend more on employee health insurance, the company's chief executive on Sunday urged the nation's governors not to pass legislation that would burden the giant retailer, and pledged to work with the governors to move workers off state Medicaid rolls.
With its offer of employee discounts to the public, General Motors addressed its short-term woes: it had two months of robust sales and cleared out its bloated inventory.
Several lawsuits have been filed since Thursday, including a class action against Merck Frosst, the Canadian subsidiary of Merck, brought by a consumers' group in Quebec.
Joanna Stevens, a Yahoo spokeswoman, said the company was pleased with the site because it attracted an affluent audience that was attractive to advertisers and because of ''the positioning it gives Yahoo News as a serious news brand.''
Time Warner Inc reports fourth quarter 1996 net of $59 million, compared with net of $33 million in year-earlier period; revenues rose to $6.7 billion from $6.1 billion (M)
In addition, an investigation of Microsoft by the European Commission is still in progress, and one of the remedies under consideration involves forcing Microsoft to unbundle its media player from its Windows operating system.
As a general proposition, Microsoft argues that the federal Copyright Act endows the holder of a valid copyright in software with an absolute right to prevent licensees, in this case the OEM's, from shipping modified versions of its product without its express permission.
Of the 10 sites, Wal-Mart's was the most media-friendly, he said.
And Mr. Sherlund said he took Mr. Gates's explanation at face value -- that Mr. Gates intends to be fully committed to Microsoft, though in a different role.
Though much smaller and less prominent than Mattel and Hasbro, RC2 has grown steadily and its stock price has soared over the last five years, thanks largely to a strategy of sewing up licensing deals with big-name brands like Sesame Street, Winnie the Pooh, Disney, Nickelodeon, and Thomas & Friends.
US attorney's office in Bridgeport, Conn, has started criminal investigation into Xerox Corp's accounting problems; more than five months ago Xerox paid $10 million fine to settle Securities and Exchange Commission charge of fraudulent accounting (M)
Sony's year-old PlayStation2 dominated the market, which received a strong lift in November from new consoles from Nintendo and Microsoft.
About 50 percent of the Pfizer portfolio's sales are outside the United States.
Adobe Systems, which makes Photoshop, says there are about 5 million registered users of the various professional and consumer versions of its software, including Photoshop Elements 2.0, which costs $99.
Justin Rattner, Intel's chief technology officer, said that chips based on the new design, referred to as the Intel Core Microarchitecture, would begin shipping in the second half of this year.
If he is right, customers will soon be able to use their personal computers to reach AT&T's network of tens of thousands of catalogue-shopping companies, airline reservation systems and services that are now available solely through 800 phone numbers.
The idea for the consortium sprang from the conviction by executives at NBC and the News Corporation in particular that new avenues of revenue had to be opened up beyond the dominant sources that include network and cable television outlets and DVD sales.
Financial stocks like Citigroup and Merrill Lynch were hard hit.
Burger King Corp is consolidating most of its advertising at agencies owned by Interpublic Group of Cos, including Deutsch/LA and Media First International; assignments had been handled by D'Arcy Masius Benton & Bowles and MediaVest; Unilever Bestfoods division of Unilever is consolidating creative duties for certain products at DDB Worldwide, including work previously handled by Bartle Bogle Hegarty (M)
Both owe their high position in part to opportunities opened up by I.B.M., which used Microsoft's operating system and Intel's semiconductors when it invaded and greatly expanded the personal computer market.
''It's a real challenge to stay in touch with the science when you're in charge of such a very large organization,'' said Dr. Nancy J. Hutson, who was director of Pfizer's 6,000-scientist lab complex in Groton and New London, Conn., until she retired March 1.
Under Mr. Kempf, who became chief counsel in 1999, Morgan Stanley has had several run-ins with regulators and lawyers over its conduct in providing e-mail evidence.
Apple Plans To Inhabit Living Room
And the details on how corporations like AT&T, Philip Morris and American Express make their grants to the arts have been equally elusive.
In fact, as Microsoft's defense reached its midpoint this evening, none of its first five witnesses had proved particularly effective advocates of the company's position.
Organized union-backed opposition to Wal-Mart has existed, in one shape or another, for at least a decade, but it escalated sharply in 2005.
But starting Thursday, CBS is seeking a much larger Internet audience by offering, free, the tournament's first 56 games, through March 24, on cbssportsline.com, cstv.com and ncaasports.com.
Interpublic Group of Companies renegotiates loan agreements with its lenders, providing some breathing room as it tries to pay down debt estimated at $2.9 billion; in exchange for new interim credit line of $500 million, which will be provided by UBS Warburg, and changes to existing loans, Interpublic agrees to accept several operating stipulations (M)
South Korea's Hynix Semiconductor ends talks to sell its nonmemory assets to Citigroup Venture Capital (M)
And Microsoft points to the 70 million users of Netscape's browser as proof that Microsoft has not ''foreclosed Netscape from distributing its Web browsing software to consumers in vast quantities.''
Moody'
But on Friday, General Motors said it would shift the responsibilities for corporate advertising and marketing from the Ayer office in the Detroit suburb of Troy, Mich., which had G.M.
Addison Barry Rand, who had been executive at Xerox Corp for 31 years until last year, is named chairman and chief executive of Avis Rent A Car; photo (M)
Another browser, Latoyna Humphrey, 29, offered this review: ''Target is better.''
Technology standards for data sharing and collaboration are the equivalent of trade agreements in the modern economy, said Irving Wladawsky-Berger, a vice president and technology strategist at I.B.M.
But Tim Halladay, Amazon's director of investor relations, explained that Mr. Bezos was referring to the fact that quarterly pro forma operating losses, after peaking at $175 million in the last quarter of 1999, had declined in each subsequent quarter.
I.B.M.
The news cheered drug stock analysts, who have been concerned about the patents soon to expire on several of Merck's major drugs.
Pfizer said it had not yet committed itself to selling the unit and could still decide to retain it.
About 70 percent of Procter's creative assignments are with agencies owned by the Publicis Groupe, with the rest at those owned by the Grey Global Group.
''To become the employer of choice, we have to be very aggressive in offering educational opportunities to our employees,'' said Jay Wetzel, who retired this month as vice president and general manager of General Motors Technical Centers in Warren, Mich.
A front-page article on July 13 about Morgan Stanley's settlement of a sex discrimination lawsuit brought by the government misstated the age of Allison K. Schieffelin, a former employee whose complaint led to it.
From now on, all product decisions will be organized around the three groups -- brand aspirationals, price-sensitive affluents and value-price shoppers -- that, Wal-Mart says, represent the majority of its business.
''We want those folks to know that having a Wal-Mart in their town is a good thing,'' she said.
IBM's new media group releases new Web development tool called Hot Media that uses Java applets to let Web developers put animation, audio and video into banner advertisements and on-line catalogues that do not require users to download or configure plug-ins (S)
and Microsoft, which makes the software that the worm exploits.
Thus, I.B.M.
''This is all about being able to manage heterogeneous computing environments,'' said Amy Wohl, a corporate computing consultant and president of Wohl Associates in Narberth, Pa. ''How is Microsoft going to fit into that?
The options issues at Apple, which the company first disclosed in June, came back into the spotlight this week when The Recorder, a San Francisco newspaper owned by American Lawyer Media, reported that the investigation conducted by a law firm on Apple's behalf had found that options documents had been falsified to increase the value of grants to Apple executives.
The 10 percent premium vanished and Disney shares rose, trading above what Comcast had offered for them.
Mr. Winer's wariness is steeped in a long career as a designer working outside Microsoft but never far from its ambit.
Waiting to Call Plays for I.B.M.
Dow Chemical Co will acquire Union Carbide Corp for $9.3 billion in stock in deal that will join two household names and create chemical giant second only to DuPont in size; declining profit and cyclical slump in chemical prices put Union Carbide in market for partner, and Dow is counting on trimming its already low costs even further to help it compete in rapidly consolidating market; merged company, which will have combined revenue of about $24 billion, expects annual savings of about $500 million; new company, which will keep Dow name and be based in Dow's current home, Midland, Mich, plans to eliminate about 2,000 jobs, leaving global work force of about 49,000; Dow chief executive, William S Stavropoulos, will head merged company; Union Carbide chief executivem William H Joyce, will be vice chairman (M)
The Liberty Alliance, begun in late September 2001, came well after Microsoft had planted its stake in the online identity field with .Net Passport.
A good part of Mr. Harris's testimony dealt with the exclusionary contract Microsoft forced Intuit to sign so that Microsoft would include a link to Quicken's Web site on the ''channel bar.''
It focuses on Intel's alleged mistreatment of customers rather than of rivals.
Bain Capital, the private equity firm, is near a deal to acquire the sensors and controls unit of Texas Instruments for more than $2.4 billion, executives involved in the deal said last night.
Adobe's consumer product, Photo Deluxe, benefits from bundling itself, as it is packaged with most of the new digital cameras.
Mr. Lockyer said he believed it was possible to compel Microsoft to live within the law with its current structure, though he said he worried about the effectiveness of any agreements that were limited to changing the company's conduct, like Microsoft's 1995 consent decree with the Justice Department to end an earlier antitrust investigation.
The commission will argue against granting a stay on the basis that the monopoly abuse is continuing and that the Microsoft dispute is the most serious antitrust case the European Union has had, a spokeswoman, Amelia Torres, said.
The authority refused, and yesterday morning it decided to end its talks with Vornado and to reopen negotiations with the second place bidder, Silverstein Properties.
With the new evidence, Government lawyers say they plan to show that Microsoft used its dominant position in the market for computer operating systems to force companies that competed with it in other areas to cede the market to Microsoft.
He said RealNetworks' engineers had studied the data that was sent between the Microsoft media server software and the Windows Media Player program and recreated the technology needed to play files in the Microsoft format.
General Motors reported sales declines in several important segments, including its highly profitable trucks and sport utility vehicles.
Referring to Gerald M. Levin, chairman of Time Warner Inc., and Joseph Collins, chairman of Time Warner's cable television unit, Mr. Roberts said: ''If you go to the traditional cable people -- Jerry, Joe Collins, probably the Coxes, the world, the Comcasts -- they believe in a television-centric future that gets enhanced by these new things.
Microsoft is as well.
Eolas v. Microsoft and Symbol Technologies v. Lemelson both evoke David versus Goliath, but only one ends like the biblical tale -- at least for the moment.
Those numbers are all the more remarkable because Forrester says that only about 20 percent of online shoppers are willing to venture onto eBay.
SEC files civil fraud complaint against KPMG, alleging that firm knew for years that Xerox was improperly inflating its profits and helped it do so; suit also names four KPMG partners: Michael A Conway, one of its most senior offficials and former chairman of accounting industry group that was in charge of assuring that firms did quality work, Anthony P Dolanski, Ronald A Safran and Joseph T Boyle; seeks fines and injunctions against further violation of securities law; firm says suit is unjustified (M)
Boeing's stock was battered last year in the wake of production problems at its flagship commercial airplane division in late 1997, which forced the company to halt production of its 747 and 737 jetliners for a month.
After that happens, Mr. Malone, who sold Tele-Communications Inc. to AT&T in 1999, intends to resign from the AT&T board, the company said.
Last Wednesday, its shares plunged 30 percent, to $14.77, when Aon announced the inquiry and also said that it had missed analysts' earnings expectations for the second quarter by a wide margin and would not spin off its big insurance underwriting business.
Mr. Durzy, the eBay spokesman, would not comment on the motivations behind 1-cent sales.
Delays in the A380 superjumbo jet and efforts to overhaul the design of the A350, the aircraft Airbus unveiled hastily last year to compete with the Boeing Dreamliner, are wrenching the company.
Thus, Xerox's earnings were reduced by $13 million for 1998 and $53 million for 1999 and increased by $69 million for 2000.
French Uphold Ruling Against Yahoo on Nazi Sites
With its Viagra under attack by new rivals, Pfizer chooses a new agency for ads in the United States.
Some executives of competitors to Microsoft -- including developers of software for the rival Linux operating system, which is available free on the Internet -- said a breakup might have created two powerful companies anyway.
With its vast range of businesses, I.B.M.
Citigroup invested the investors' money in a combination of highly rated corporate and government securities.
Wall Street analysts, who had been expecting Motorola's third-quarter results to send a signal about the general strength of technology stocks, and particularly about the global semiconductor market, found little to criticize in the new data.
On the other hand, Microsoft has poured millions of dollars into developing its Tablet PC platform (it hopes that other companies will make the tablet, with the first ones available in 2002).
The report suggests that the bulk of the blame for the mistakes surrounding the $10,000 payment should fall on Mr. Sonnenborn, a 15-year employee of Morgan Stanley.
But its sales have slowed since the Vioxx withdrawal last fall raised safety questions about the entire class of drugs, which are known as COX-2 inhibitors and include another Pfizer medication, Bextra.
In the company's defense, Mr. Woodard said that until late September he was convinced that Boeing could ''muscle its way'' through the problems by adding more people and having everyone work overtime.
According to lawyers for both sides, Judge Higbee said that jurors should not have had to consider the article without knowing that its editors believed that Merck had misrepresented the results of the trial.
I'm less comfortable if we arrive at a standard that Microsoft controls.''
Drug coatings improve their performance and drug-coated stents from the two companies -- Taxus from Boston Scientific and Cypher from Cordis -- now dominate the $6 billion world market for the devices.
Verizon is having a harder time negotiating with Mr. Maisano's unit because of the mandatory overtime issue, a person close to the talks said.
Intel, which is under siege by rival chip makers, proposes to bridge the digital divide between the advanced and developing economies by spending $1 billion in developing markets and providing people with high-speed wireless Internet access.
In some cases, as with Express Scripts, pharmacy-benefit managers have agreed to work with other Internet druggists, but the biggest ones, like Medco Health, have not.
Even so, the digital revolution is not all doom and gloom for Kodak.
Some members of the foreign investment committee, according to people close to the inquiry, have raised questions about whether the sale of I.B.M.
It is still the energy capital of the world, and the headquarters of ConocoPhillips, the El Paso Corporation, the Halliburton Company and other oil patch giants, but it is also emerging as a center for trade, transport and other industries.
Because of the findings in the government's case, Microsoft is barred from arguing that it is not a monopolist or that it has never illegally abused its power.
Calm returns to Wall Street; stocks rise modestly in US on encouraging words from Federal Reserve chairman Ben S Bernanke and bounce-back in Chinese markets where global sell-off began; Dow Jones industrial average closes up 52.39 points; Standard & Poor's 500-stock index is up 0.56 percent; Nasdaq gains 0.34 percent; Asian and European markets end lower; Wall Street analysts remain concerned about home loans to people with weak, or subprime, credit; executives and analysts acknowledge that subprime segment of mortgage business has faltered because of performance of loans issued in 2006, but many contend that problems are well contained and do not yet pose significant threat to investment banks or broader global financial system; insurance costs have increased significantly for major firms like Bear Stearns, Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs and Merrill Lynch with exposure to subprime markets; Bernanke predicts moderate economic growth; photos (L)
The proposed settlement, according to some industry executives and experts who are advising the states, leans too much toward Microsoft in its details, phrasing and general approach.
Last month, I decided to move from an Internet appliance to an I.B.M.
Microsoft offers computer keyboard with new set of buttons and keys that let users do previously mouse-intensive operations with press of single button; keyboard has also been designed to take fuller advantage of Microsoft's operating systems by providing one-touch access to mainstay programs; photo (S)
Calling In Experts to Fix Microsoft if It's Broken
The agreement came a little more than two weeks after Viacom demanded that YouTube remove more than 100,000 clips of its programming.
Federal appeals court in Atlanta reverses 1999 ruling that United Parcel Service engaged in sham transactions to avoid hundreds of millions of dollars in corporate income taxes each year since 1984; decision is second in week by federal appeals court rejecting Internal Revenue Service efforts to tear down corporate tax shelters; tax experts say two rulings articulate doctrine giving companies broad freedom to shelter income from taxes, even through arrangements that courts themselves characterize as having only slimmest business purpose; in both cases, appellate judges hold that patina of business purpose, combined with just tiny prospect of profit or risk of loss, is sufficient to render corporate tax shelter legitimate; Lawrence M Hill, noted tax litigator, says latest rulings represent shift in pendulum back in direction of corporate taxpayers; in UPS case, appeals court rejects United States Tax Court's finding that UPS used sham insurance policy to move profits to untaxed insurance affiliate in Bermuda; photo (M)
But Microsoft faces challenges in trying to replicate the PC business model in the world of mobile devices.
Citigroup lent $600 million, and J. P. Morgan provided the rest, according to an executive close to the Enron negotiations.
The new offerings might include Internet versions of Time Warner's media properties, like news from CNN or movies from Home Box Office, combined with a range of features more sophisticated than the Web sites, chat rooms and e-mail services that are now staples of America Online.
As of midyear, Visa and Mastercard accounted for 75 percent of credit card sales, according to the Nilson Report, a credit card industry newsletter published in Oxnard, Calif. American Express accounted for 18 percent of sales and Discover 6 percent.
Microsoft has complained frequently in recent months that it has been denied the right to a fair defense in the continuing antitrust case with the European Commission.
Each bank struggled to overcome unexpected losses after its last round of mergers -- Bank of America's approximately $60 billion merger with NationsBank in 1998, and Fleet Financial's combination with BankBoston for $16 billion.
The Government even introduced internal Microsoft E-mail suggesting rankings of ''friend, enemy or neutral,'' for software companies.
Brazil's Pres Fernando Henrique Cardoso releases decree providing Ford Motor Co with tax breaks and Government financing for its plan to build $1.3 billion factory in Brazil's underdeveloped northeast; Cardoso, in effort to appease industrial groups in country's south, removes some of decree's original terms that would have given Ford more generous incentives (S)
Company lawyers call that sheer speculation and Microsoft further says the government ignored the efficiency benefits that come from having one corporation making both Windows and office applications that work within that operating system.
The settlements do not create precedents to the extent they would had the cases been litigated, but they serve notice on banks and other financial institutions that they will face major legal difficulties if they are caught engaging in transactions similar to the ones that Citigroup and J. P. Morgan did with Enron before that company went broke.
In New Jersey, FirstEnergy had hoped for approval of a rate increase by state regulators before the July 4 weekend problems occurred.
This is the ninth time in two years that an auto workers local has struck General Motors, leading industry analysts to suggest that the company's labor relations are far worse than those of its competitors.
Antitrust prosecutors said that today's move was intended to open the contest and prevent Microsoft from leveraging its monopoly over the world's market for computer operating systems into complete control over the World Wide Web.
''I would say that Jobs and the Apple board threw Fred under the bus to keep it from hitting them,'' said Lynn E. Turner, a former chief accountant at the Securities and Exchange Commission and a managing director at Glass, Lewis & Company, which advises institutional investors on corporate governance.
The old Honeywell had a Web site, operating since July, called MyPlant.com.
Point Man In Europe Assesses Intel Outlook
U.S. JUDGE SAYS MICROSOFT VIOLATED ANTITRUST LAWS WITH PREDATORY BEHAVIOR
In an effort to expand the language capabilities of the Internet's address system, Microsoft and VeriSign said users of Microsoft's Internet Explorer Web browser could now reach Internet addresses by typing Chinese-  or Japanese-language characters.
The Boeing Company's largest union voted overwhelmingly yesterday to accept a proposed new three-year contract, averting a strike that would have dealt a blow to Boeing's efforts to recover from an embarrassing financial downturn.
A Verizon spokesman, Eric Rabe, defended the ads, saying it was common for companies to use models.
The new version of the commercial, which Mr. Reames said generated among the most positive responses of any spot in the company's history, comes two months after the premiere of the original, called Freestyle, which ran as part of Nike's sponsorship of the National Basketball Association All-Star Game.
Those services generate additional cash flow, which analysts expect Comcast will need to reduce the $20 billion in AT&T debt it is taking on in the deal.
They have ranged from opening ''pop-up stores'' that temporarily rent sites in visible locations like Rockefeller Center to festooning telephone poles with posters about a ''found'' dog that turns out to be Bullseye, the Target mascot.
David Boies, the lead trial lawyer for the Justice Department, spent hours today trying to show that Microsoft's position on the issue was contradicted by the company's own internal documents and by common sense.
Microsoft, maker of Windows, was once thought to be Apple's greatest enemy.
Verizon, which operates in 30 states, said the price would vary by state but would typically range from $20 to $24 per telephone line a month, with the cost rising each subsequent year.
's financing division, the General Motors Acceptance Corporation, which has been the mainstay of company profits, rose to $656 million from $630 million.
I.B.M.
Prudential Financial has been trying for years to figure out what to do with its small, struggling equity research and sales business.
Now, it appears likely that the News Corporation will try to find another big company to contribute a few hundred million dollars to the deal.
Mr. Hodges said that under the settlement proposal, Microsoft would be allowed to activate Internet Explorer automatically while barring computer makers from substituting rival Netscape Navigator as the opening browser when the computer is turned on.
Procter's answer: All of them.
Verizon is the name the company adopted after its subsequent merger with G.T.E.
Transmeta officials said today that their company, which recently filed for an initial public offering, is in a quiet period under Securities and Exchange Commission rules and therefore could not respond extensively to Intel's statements.
Of the dozen of residents interviewed for this article, several said they had not been solicited by AT&T or Time Warner at all.
''This actually won't prove to be a big deal,'' said Scott D. Cook, the chairman of Intuit Inc., the financial software company that Microsoft tried to buy two years ago but was stopped by the Justice Department.
The proposed cuts, the analysts said, are a signal from Carlos M. Gutierrez, who became Kellogg's president and chief executive in April, that he intends to make the tough decisions necessary to awaken the sleeping giant of a company.
Johnson & Johnson, the first company to get approval for the new drug-coated stent, as the device is called, said yesterday that it had joined forces with another competitor, Guidant, to sell its Cypher stent.
Microsoft Corp's machines using its Tablet personal computer software that will be introduced Nov 7 will use pen-based features to enhance conventional notebook computers; few of 14 companies signed up as Tablet PC partners plan to produce pure tablets, yet all are expected to be able to attach keyboards; photo of Microsoft founder Bill Gates (M)
Penney is in the middle of a five-year plan to improve sales at its 1,020 department stores while facing intense competition from discounters like Target, Kohl's and Wal-Mart.
''Our bargaining committee at General Motors and Delphi will continue to stay at the bargaining table until a tentative agreement is hammered out,'' Ron Gettelfinger, the union president, said Monday evening at a news conference.
Jerry Yang, the 31-year-old co-founder of Yahoo, and Peter Chernin, president and chief operating officer of News Corporation, have held several meetings, the News Corporation executives said.
Approval of the application, filed jointly by Merck and Johnson & Johnson, could open a new market for the pharmaceutical industry.
Electronic Arts, the video game publisher, said on Thursday that it had reached a $680 million deal to acquire Jamdat Mobile, which makes games to be played on mobile phones.
and Heidelberger Druckmaschinen are making huge inroads into Xerox's corporate markets, so the company badly needs SOHO sales to grow.
The two economists, writing in the fall issue of Independent Review: A Journal of Political Economy, contend that Microsoft's activities have not hindered software competition.
Amazon, rather than Mr. Maher or his producer, will choose the guests for each episode: an author, a filmmaker and a musical act.
One target of the effort are ''swing voters,'' or consumers who have not soured on Wal-Mart.
Senate Armed Services Committee offers new proposal to controversial plan by Air Force to lease Boeing Co 767 airplanes that would allow for lease of 20 Boeing planes and purchase of 80 more to be used as aerial refueling tankers; committee chairman Sen John Warner and Sen Carl Levin announce plan that they hope might pave way for full Congressional approval of $17 billion plan; only critical element left is whether House Armed Service Committee, as well as several other committees, will go along with proposal (M)
Allen F. Rehert, A.T.& T.'s sales and marketing vice president, said the agreement was the company's first move into the commercial videoconferencing arena.
At American Airlines, the domestic load factor was 88.2 percent.
Drug-stock analysts said that because Pfizer would have a relatively small share of a splintered market, and because the companies had little overlap, antitrust issues were not expected to be a factor in completing a deal.
Mr. Steinberg said Intel helped ''incubate'' the company, which has about 30 employees, with the help of the University of California at Berkeley and Harvard University.
Nike was not alone in the 1990's in running ads meant to question the conventional wisdom about images of women in advertising.
But some will go for so-called viral marketing events like an online puzzle contest called Vanishing Point, sponsored by Microsoft and A.M.D.
''I think most people either forget or don't know that Microsoft only hires people with I.Q.
By the second half of 2004, Mr. Stahlman estimates, I.B.M.
The Justice Department issued a brief statement late yesterday afternoon, saying that the Microsoft filing contained ''numerous misstatements and mischaracterizations.''
Justice Department is appointing monitor to examine American International Group's books for last four years; monitor is subject to approval by Securities and Exchange Commission and company; monitor, as well as $126 million in penalties and restitution, is heavy price of settlement between company and SEC and Justice Department; accord covers loss-hiding transactions company arranged for PNC Financial Services and Brightpoint; use of independent monitor is unusual step, and it underscores how little is known, by regulators, analysts, shareholders and investors, about sale of insurancelike products that companies buy to smooth their earnings; regulators want to know exactly how many other income-smoothing products were pitched by AIG, and who, in any, bought them; photo of AIG chief executive Maurice R Greenberg (M)
In one deal after another over the last two years, Microsoft's chairman, William H. Gates 3d, has shown his determination to have a big role in creating and distributing information and entertainment over whatever technologies exist or may emerge.
Bloggers who agreed to receive the e-mail messages said they were eager to hear Wal-Mart's side of the story, which they said they felt had been drowned out by critics, and were tantalized by the promise of exclusive news that might attract more visitors to their Web sites.
''Kodak's name and promotions will drive customers into our stores,'' said Edward Buchbinder, Alkit's president, who said he would open 12 more Alkit/Kodak stores in the next two years.
Even though Microsoft calls Windows 98 a ''tuneup'' for Windows 95, Microsoft will still charge consumers the same price -- $109 -- for Windows 98 as it did for the original Windows 95.
That truism was made clear this week by Coca-Cola and Procter & Gamble, two of the world's pre-eminent makers of consumer goods.
The systems could advance quickly enough to begin to play a role within the next two generations of chip-making gear, I.B.M.
Telephone companies see their future in flat-rate plans of many services; most leading companies, including MCI, AT&T, BellSouth, Qwest Communications, SBC Communications and Verizon, have introduced programs that allow customers in some states to make unlimited local and national calls for one flat monthly price; plans commonly cost $50 to $60 a month with services like voice mail and caller ID bundled in, making price only slightly higher than $48 that American households typically spend on local nd long-distance calling; chart (M)
It wasn't just Microsoft.
With its entry into this tangled realm, Microsoft is bound to have a major impact, providing the cable industry with capital and clout to fight B Sky B for the digital market, and pushing the individual cable companies into consolidation that analysts had seen as inevitable.
Analysts have applauded the company's efforts to restructure its operations, and become more focused, but they say that there are few signs Motorola is going to return to strong profitability anytime soon.
I.B.M.
An array of smaller telecommunications companies say that a Verizon-MCI deal, combined with SBC's proposed purchase of AT&T, will damp competition in the local and long-distance phone markets.
However, in agreeing to Verizon's initial bid of $6.75 billion six weeks ago, MCI's board opened itself up to challenges from shareholders, who argued that MCI's directors were obligated to accept Qwest's higher offer, worth $1.7 billion more.
Federal Trade Commission files antitrust suit charging Intel Corp threatened and injured three computer makers in effort to coerce them to turn over rights to patented technologies; charges Intel withheld data about its computer chips that Compaq Computer Corp, Digital Equipment Corp and Intergraph Corp needed to developing their own products based on Intel chips while sharing data with other computer makers not involved in patent disputes with Intel; holds Intel's pattern of withholding technical data as weapon in patent disputes stifles innovation, enhancing Intel's dominance of microprocessor industry; Intel disputes charges; photo (M)
Unlike its main rival, the Goldman Sachs Group, Morgan Stanley said it did not expect to have to cut many more jobs this year.
Pondering The Impact Of a Breakup; Some Say It May Be Too Late To Dismantle Microsoft
Marine merchants and other companies related to shipping have been largely replaced by foreign banks and big tenants like Morgan Stanley Dean Witter.
That is the reason I.B.M.
Amazon's executives insist that their virtual territory is not for sale because the company reserves the right to reject books that do not meet their standards of quality.
"We think we'll be aggressive enough to make the industry sit up and take notice," said Kevin Compton, an AT&T spokesman.
Kodak announced its wireless EasyShare-One camera way back in January, but its release has been repeatedly delayed.
So it persuaded Amazon to split the deal into two letters, one that made it look as if Ashford had given up little to obtain the cash, and the other showing the rest of the deal.
Johnson & Johnson does not sell a similar product.
''I don't think that fundamentally at this point changes anything,'' said Philip M. Condit, Boeing's chairman and chief executive.
The companies said they would invest more than $400 million in the project over the next five years and that it would be based at a development center at I.B.M.
Bob Herbert Op-Ed column says IBM has sent holiday chill through its American employees with its plans to ship thousands of high-paying white-collar jobs overseas to lower-paid foreign workers; says employees do not know who will be affected, or when, and their anxiety level is high; says well-educated workers at IBM are in danger of following well-trodden path of their factory brethren to lower-wage work, or unemployment line; says employees at IBM, and millions of other white-collar workers, have little protection against powerful forces of global economy (M)
A previous lawsuit by Jewish Holocaust survivors against I.B.M.
A spokeswoman for Best Buy, Sue Busch, said the company was cooperating with the investigation.
In 2003, a federal court jury in Virginia, where MercExchange is based, found that eBay was violating two of the three patents, including the Buy It Now patent, and the court eventually ordered eBay to pay $25 million in damages.
I.B.M.
But he said that NBC's management, as well as that of its parent, General Electric, had increased the budget for show development in an effort to find the hits NBC needs.
''We called them the Cheap News Network because of the layoffs, and then we found out about the brutality with which the whole thing was being handled, and we changed it to the Cruel News Network.
The use of glyphosate, both Monsanto's Roundup and generic products, has grown two and a half times since the introduction of the first Roundup Ready crops in 1996.
For months, he has analyzed Cisco -- and its suppliers and customers -- hoping to give his portfolio managers an edge.
Intel's stock fell $12.60 to $48.88 in after-hours trading, with 11.7 million shares changing hands, according to Instinet.
In an early morning raid yesterday, the Spanish authorities seized documents from the offices of Coca-Cola and its bottlers, investigating complaints that the companies had used illegal business tactics to keep rival soft drinks off the country's shelves.
Goldman Sachs Group says net income fell 13 percent in its first quarter, to $768 million, but decline is less than Wall Street analysts had been expecting; revenue for quarter rose 5.3 percent, to $4.73 billion (M)
Salsa passed ketchup in 1991 in United States sales, but demand is off from the torrid double-digit growth of recent years, ''because a saturation point has been reached,'' said Murray S. Kessler,  vice president for sales and marketing at Pace, which Campbell bought in 1994 and is the biggest seller of salsa.
''As an investor in MCI, I don't like leaving any money on the table for our investors,'' said Steven Cohen, the chief information officer at Kellner DiLeo Cohen & Company, a hedge fund in New York, referring to the $900 million difference between Qwest's and Verizon's current bids.
''It is not up to us to tell Microsoft what it has to do to Vista,'' he added.
Microsoft also announced a program to buy $20 billion of its own shares by Aug. 17 and another $20 billion worth over the next five years.
Apple Computer Inc posts loss of $120 million for its first quarter, compared with loss of $69 million in comparable period year ago, and says it does not expect to return to profitability as quickly as it had predicted; Sun Microsystems Inc reports record revenues and earnings for its second quarter, exceeding analyst estimates; Sun had earnings of $178.3 million, up 41 percent from $126 million in period a year earlier; sales were $2.08 billion, up nearly 19 percent; charts (L)
Next week, when business professionals subscribing to AT&T's Interchange on-line service turn to their computers for up-to-date information, they will have two familiar choices in financial news providers.
''Today, customers will be able to touch and feel the vast array of AT&T's full suite of services under one roof for the first time,'' said Ralph de la Vega, group president of AT&T's regional wire-line operations, based in Atlanta.
Boeing's revenue rose 9 percent, to $13.4 billion, from $12.3 billion in 1997.
The 780,000-square-foot office building is owned by AT&T in partnership with the real estate company Faison Associates.
American Express Co places in review most of media planning and buying duties forits worldwide advertising account; total billings estimated at $350 million to $400 million (S)
But the increase will only partly offset an estimated cut of up to $7.5 billion in its 1993 earnings, a decline that A.T.& T. has been expecting from an earlier accounting change involving health-benefit costs.
The complaint portrays a multiyear effort to inflate reported profits at Waste Management using accounting tricks that allowed the company to hide about $1.7 billion in expenses from 1992 through part of 1997.
''Getting Boeing is a positive,'' said Phillip Redman, a wireless communications analyst with the Yankee Group in Boston.
These days, Mr. Zander expects the euphoria at Motorola to last as well.
In a report yesterday, Lauren Rich Fine, the advertising analyst for Merrill Lynch, wrote that she believed that ''a sale of the company does not make sense'' for reasons that included her doubt that Interpublic could be sold for a price ''above or equal'' to where its stock is trading.
Where commercial aircraft once accounted for the bulk of the company's business, now, for the first time in the company's history, military contracts are expected to account for more than half of Boeing's business by next year.
''But NationsBank was a very good investment for a long time and so was Bank of America for the last few years,'' he added.
Motorola plans today to introduce a line of personal computers equipped with Apple Computer Inc.'s Macintosh operating system, as the companies bid to expand the market for such machines at a time when it is threatened by I.B.M.-compatible computers running Microsoft Windows software.
Fariborz Ghadar letter comments on October 16 article on acquisition of Texaco by Chevron
Apple is aware of the power of this market and is getting more active.
Microsoft ''proposed that we should accept an agreement whereby they would say 'if problems arise, come back and see us,'" Mr. Lowe said, adding, ''We couldn't agree to that.''
Netscape was the company at the center of the government's antitrust case against Microsoft.
Voice response systems that enable drivers to talk to their cars are being introduced; first such device was presented last year by Clarion; technology is also getting boost from Intel Corp, which is talking about capabilities of what it calls Connected Car PC, which would feature Global Positioning System that would give driver's location, directions to destinations and voice control over the radio; Intel official says cost of such computers will be $1,500 to $2,000 and that various car makers will begin making them available later this year; sketch (M)
Bayless Cronin resigns advertising account of Red Hat, Linux-based software and service developer (S)
Honeywell's board voted late that evening to accept G.E.
In the case of Nike, the world's largest athletic footwear company, Robert Falcone, who had held the post for six years, resigned in January.
The Ford Motor Company also rose in the closely watched initial quality survey, which examines how cars perform in their first 90 days, as did DaimlerChrysler, the parent of the Chrysler Group.
One morning in October, Mike McGee stopped to inspect the Coca-Cola vending machines that he had installed in a new student recreation center at Harvey Mudd College in Claremont, Calif.
The Quicktime 4 viewer can be downloaded free by both Windows and Macintosh users from Apple's Web site.
He also received 2.5 million options on Citigroup's stock, which the company said were worth $13.9 million when they were granted.
executive said the Rapport technology was a clever extension of several design ideas that I.B.M.
The slim $250 gadget, currently sold at CompUSA and Best Buy, lets you watch live channels from your home cable or satellite hookup on any Windows PC, as long as you're connected to the Internet at broadband speed and have broadband Internet access at home.
Time Warner confirms sale of its Warner Music division for about $2.6 billion to investor group led by Seagram heir Edgar Bronfman Jr and investment firm Thomas H Lee; sale is pivotal point in Time Warner's recovery from disappointing aftermath of its merger with American Online in 2001; with proceeds from sale, which is expected to close in two months, company will have whittled its nearly $30 billion in debt down by about $10 billion; sale fulfills pledge by Time Warner chairman and chief executive Richard D Parsons that he will to trim company's debt by $8 billion by end of 2004; EMI has been trying for years to merge with or acquire major record company; analysts question whether EMI is big enough to compete on its own; photos (L)
Citigroup reports first-quarter earnings that fall short of analysts' estimates, in large part because of greater-than-expected losses in Argentina; posts net income of $4.8 billion, up 37 percent from $3.54 billion year earlier; company earned $3.86 billion; results were hurt by $816 million pretax charge related to its corporate and consumer businesses in Argentina; chairman-chief executive Sanford I Weill comments; Bank of America earned $2.18 billion in first quarter, compared with $1.87 billion year earlier; graph; photo (M)
''Because of that, the analysts say the outlook for Xerox is dicey, too.''
The suit, in Federal District Court in Newark, seeks to represent thousands of workers who washed and waxed floors nightly in Wal-Mart department stores.
Apple Computer yesterday gave a brief demonstration of iChat, an instant messenger program that is intended to be compatible with America Online's AOL Instant Messenger Service.
Before the results were released, shares of Microsoft closed at $83.125, up $2.125, and helped lead a rebound in technology issues after Monday's broad selloff.
Procter & Gamble, which had 100 people working in Fayetteville five years ago, now has more than 200, all of them assigned to the Wal-Mart account.
EBay executives assert that Skype can help it by allowing low-cost voice and video communication between its buyers and sellers.
What has attracted the attention of AT&T and others is the rapidgrowth in the number of computers on the Internet.
In the largest display of this tension so far, some 8,000 striking workers protested yesterday outside Verizon's headquarters on Avenue of the Americas at 42nd Street in Midtown Manhattan.
Mr. Wolf said the shortage of chips hurt Apple because the company had not been able to deliver its newest computer, the iMac G5, which offers an entirely new design.
''Simply put, Pfizer and Pharmacia are much stronger together.''
Procter & Gamble will pay Unilever about $10 million and agree to an unusual third-party audit to settle a dispute that arose after P.& G. acknowledged that it had taken documents from trash cans outside the  Chicago offices of Unilever.
A federal court ruled yesterday that I.B.M.
''I think Morgan Stanley, despite everything else, is incredibly strong,'' Mr. Heleniak said.
Jack J Mack resigns as president of Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co, a move that signals continued hostilities within firm formed in 1997 by merger of Morgan Stanley investment bank and Dean Witter brokerage firm; is replaced by Robert Scott, veteran Morgan Stanley banker who has been its chief financial officer; photo (Market Place column) (M)
Even before word of Microsoft's reported interest in Cable and Wireless Communications, Cable and Wireless had been in talks with Telewest on a merger.
The debate in court today was over how legal precedents from industries ranging from ski slopes in Colorado to newspapers in Ohio apply to the facts in the Microsoft case.
Citigroup's shares rose 79 cents yesterday, to close at $31.07 a share.
IBM's plan to acquire Rational Software, leading supplier of software tools, continues IBM's aggressive drive to build its prowess in software based on Internet standards, thus positioning itself as main challenger to Microsoft and its dominance of software industry; IBM believes that networked computing world is more technologically diverse than Microsoft's model can handle and that benefits to companies and consumers will come more quickly by using open-technology standards, like Linux and Java, that are not controlled by one company; Bill Gates argues that IBM offers only a patchwork of programming, not as coherent or as integrated as Microsoft's products; disputes notion that using Linux is ultimately cheaper than Windows; photos (M)
Paul Patterson, an industry analyst with ABN Amro, a New York based investment firm, said it was unclear whether Southern California Edison's creditors would continue to be patient, given that the state Senate had already once failed to act on Gov.
In denying Target's motion to dismiss the suit two months ago, Judge Marilyn Hall Patel of United States District Court in San Francisco held that the law's accessibility requirements applied to all services offered by a place of public accommodation.
Others, like executives at the Reuters news agency, have cautioned writers and editors about using the word ''terrorist.''
Kodak has since licensed its technology to Olympus and a few other camera makers.
And it raises questions about Microsoft's stated goal of becoming the leader in Internet searching, as well as about its emerging plans to offer more online services under a new brand, Windows Live.
Damping the good news was Saturday's announcement from Wal-Mart Stores, the nation's largest retailer.
Put aside questions about this particular trial -- whether, as General Motors contends, the judge prevented it from presenting exculpatory evidence.
Investors have considered a union between AT&T and BellSouth likely because of their mutual stake in Cingular and because of their shared history as Baby Bells.
Sales growth at Procter has been flat and operating profit has declined for four quarters, Mr. Lafley said.
The Chevron Corporation, the nation's third-biggest oil company, and Texaco Inc., the fourth largest, have held preliminary talks about a possible deal, according to a person close to one of the companies.
If a deal is first reached at DaimlerChrysler, ratification could take as few as 10 days, with the union then trying to reach a similar agreement with General Motors.
''One night -- the day after Thanksgiving -- I came in and couldn't open the front door because it was an official Marriott holiday and they had the keys,'' Mr. Tully said.
Gonzalo Ugalde Gámez, a 68-year-old union leader whose right eye hunkers down into a mean slit during moments of brutal honesty, took the lectern before a smoke-filled auditorium of 1,357 Goodyear tire makers to deliver bad news.
Sales to Japan remain depressed, but Adobe received a quick payoff from the revamping combined with unexpectedly strong sales of a new version of Illustrator, its core graphics product, to deliver fourth-quarter earnings several cents above the consensus of forecasts.
YAHOO TO OFFER PHONE-BASED SERVICES
Moody's Investors Service raises Mexico's credit rating to investment grade for first time; announcement is powerful vindication of Pres Ernesto Zedillo's efforts to convince investors that Mexico will make it through national elections this year without kind of economic disaster that has marred every presidential turnover for last two decades (M)
Escalating a high-stakes legal battle that has broad implications for control over the Internet, the Justice Department accused Microsoft of making a mockery of a Federal judge's decision last Thursday requiring the company to stop forcing computer manufacturers to install its Internet browser along with its Windows 95 system.
Just as General Motors, Ford and other automakers deal with many of the same suppliers for everything from seats to transmissions, and choose which to put on any given model, Dell, Hewlett-Packard and other computer makers could decide among competing offerings from Microsoft and other companies.
Microsoft will license its Windows, Office and Encarta software on the same terms that colleges and universities use and will train 4,000 computer operators to run the centers.
Still, analysts said SAP could learn from Oracle's aggressive sales and marketing.
Citigroup is moving more than 1,000 employees to New Jersey from Lower Manhattan, according to government officials and real estate executives, in a major realignment that raises new doubts about the pace of economic rejuvenation downtown.
The Ford Motor Company's victorious bid for Volvo A.B.
Despite years of litigation over the hundreds of patents and a review after the case that has involved eight patent lawyers, Medtronic said yesterday it still did not have an answer to such questions.
John C. Malone spent three decades building Tele-Communications Inc. into a national cable power, before selling it to AT&T in 1998 for $31.8 billion -- some $2 billion of which went directly to him in the form of AT&T stock.
According to the memo, Wal-Mart's 1.3 million employees -- who make, on average, $20,000 a year -- spend 8 percent of their income on health care, nearly twice the national average.
The moves came a day after MCI's board accepted a sweetened bid from Verizon worth $7.6 billion, even though Qwest had offered $8.4 billion.
''Their retail store growth has stalled, and professional supplies is the wave of the future for Home Depot,'' said Kimberly K. Bernard, an equity analyst at Babson Capital Management, which holds a small number of Home Depot shares.
That task has gone more slowly than anticipated, said Milan Turk Jr., director of global customer business development for Procter & Gamble.
In late October, Mr. Ryan, 67, said his resignation was not related to the investigations and that he planned to remain on Aon's board.
As a result, The Journal was beaten on its own story when the bid was first reported last Tuesday on the financial news channel CNBC; The Journal posted its version soon after.
''Our vision from the outset was to unite the two worlds of the Windows desktop and the Internet,'' said Steven Sinofsky, a Microsoft executive who attended the meeting.
But a Merck spokesman said that long-term studies had shown that 20 milligrams of Mevacor, the proposed over-the-counter dose, does not cause serious side effects.
Netscape's hunt for a deal is only one part of its plan to expand its World Wide Web site, called Netcenter, into a full source of communication, information and shopping, to compete with America Online and Yahoo.
Cingular Wireless and Verizon Wireless, the nation's two biggest cellphone carriers, said yesterday that they had added record numbers of new subscribers in the fourth quarter, surprising analysts and underscoring the success of their new handsets and more generous service plans.
CBS said the contract Mr. Stern signed with Sirius provided that he would receive the stock payment in 2010.
''Market pressures are moving Microsoft in that direction.''
In doing so, Microsoft declared that the judge ''committed an array of serious and substantive procedural errors.''
A native of Ireland by birth but, those who know him say, a true internationalist by nature, Mr. Isdell hopped from country to country, rapidly rising through the ranks of Coca-Cola.
American Express defines typical business fares as the standard rate  ''basically the sticker price, the lowest economy-class fare available'' at close to last-minute purchase, said Don Munro, an American Express spokesman.
Analysts also say that while Comcast has superbly managed its cable businesses, they are concerned that its management team may not be broad enough to take on Disney.
Pfizer became Dr. Rost's employer when it bought Pharmacia in 2002 for $63 billion.
''We like where we are relative to where we were, but we still have a lot of work to do,'' said Mike Zafirovski, Motorola's president and chief operating officer.
Goodyear said most of the errors were tied to the company's North American tire and engineered product businesses.
American Express Co appoints Kenneth I Chenault as its president and number 2 executive; Chenault, who had been one of four vice chairmen, has long been seen as leading prospect to replace chairman Harvey Golub; photo (L)
Fred McNeese, a spokesman at I.B.M.
Exxon Mobil, the world's largest publicly traded oil company, announced yesterday that Lee R. Raymond, its chairman and chief executive, would retire at the end of the year, after 12 years during which he steered the company ahead of its rivals.
''Each one of our new products can bring in new users who rediscover the core product we offer,'' said Jeff Weiner, Yahoo's senior vice president for search.
Indeed, Citigroup is involved in more sectors of the financial services industry than any other United States company.
Using Amazon's pro forma calculation, which excludes these adjustments and some other items, Amazon had a net income of $75 million in the fourth quarter, up from $35 million a year earlier.
For the quarter, Texas Instruments lost $29 million, or 15 cents a share, compared with earnings of $291 million, or $1.50 a share, in the quarter a year earlier.
''I think we're finding, from a customer convenience standpoint, they like to have redundant, frequently used controls on the steering wheel,'' said David H. Hoffmeister, a human factors specialist at Ford.
The Seattle start-up, the Pixel Company, has a software innovation that is essentially an attempt to grab a slender band of the computer screen, just beyond the desktop and outside Microsoft's contract rules.
Shannon Bell, a spokeswoman for Citigroup in New York, said the bank ''doesn't comment on the activities of general partners of the funds in which it invests.''
Some had already done so last month when the Intel Corporation projected that its third-quarter sales would be 8 percent to 10 percent more than the $5.9 billion reported in the second quarter, rather than flat as it had suggested earlier.
Fortunately for Medtronic, the high level of interest in its Endeavor stent is less a function of its importance to the company than the damage its success might do to Boston Scientific, a smaller company much more dependent on the coronary stent business.
The Motorola Corporation said today that it would acquire a software company that has developed technology to link wireless devices like cellular phones with a wide range of information appliances, including personal computers.
Microsoft also raised its profit and sales forecasts for the fiscal year.
Speaking at a Goldman, Sachs conference in Manhattan, Peter Chernin, the president of the News Corporation, said that almost all the shortfalls stemmed from the poor advertising climate.
Vonage argued that Verizon's patents were invalid and that Vonage's services were built on technology it either developed itself or licensed from other companies.
Fox News, a cable television channel owned by Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation, established its radio news service last year and currently provides news for 275 stations nationwide.
Three-judge panel of Federal appeals court rules Wall Street banks, accused of manipulating prices of initial public offerings of technology companies during market boom of late 1990s and cheating small investors out of hundreds of millions of dollars, will not have to face huge securities class-action lawsuit; decision is seen on Wall Street as huge victory; ruling also raises prospects that earlier settlements in case, particular $425 million agreement with J P Morgan Chase and $1 billion guaranteed proposed deal with issuers of new shares that is still pending approval by Judge Shira A Scheindlin, could be nullified; lawsuit involved more than 300 individual investors, 309 issuers and 55 underwriters, including Merrill Lynch, Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley and Credit Suisse First Boston; ruling is devastating blow to embattled securities class-action powerhouse Milberg Weiss Bershad & Schulman, which is co-leader for plaintiffs; firm's co-founder Melvyn I Weiss says case is not over; ruling is decided by Judges Jon O Newman, Sonia Sotomayor and Peter W Hall (M)
But most analysts said the Microsoft product, which will probably be bundled with the Office 2000 suite, lacks the power and capability demanded by graphics professionals, who are Adobe's core market.
Profile of Lawrence Lessig, 'special master' in Justice Department's antitrust suit against Microsoft Corp; Lessig, law professor and computer whiz, may help redefine how antitrust law applies to software; table; photo (M)
Some major advertisers have been pulling back from big campaigns; last month, Yahoo said it was hurt by cutbacks from auto and financial advertisers.
It is unclear, he said, whether these younger workers will take advantage of Kodak's retraining benefits or will move on.
Already, I.B.M.
In each novel, the provincial, safe world the heroes must leave is a world dominated by a reigning monarch familiarly known as ''Bill'' who offers protection at a price: being part of Microsoft.
's Home Page Reader program designed specifically for reading e-mail and Web pages aloud (compatible with Windows 98 and later; $145 at www-3.ibm.com/able/solution--offerings/hpr.html).
In trading yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange, Citigroup shares fell 27 cents, or less than 1 percent, to $47.77.
A group of oil companies led by Chevron, which said last week that they had discovered a huge new oil field in the Gulf of Mexico, could avoid more than $1 billion in royalty payments to the federal government for the oil.
Scientists at I.B.M.
The person with knowledge of the negotiations said he believed that the talks between News Corporation and Echostar might be continuing.
Microsoft, by contrast, has suffered no reverses in court that would establish any liability for flawed software.
The e-mail address, which Verizon calls an ''e-dress,'' is by far the most popular feature offered, said Cedric Brown, the only operator currently assigned to the listings line.
During Dr. Santanello's testimony Wednesday morning, Mr. Lanier suggested that Merck had overstated the rate of heart attacks and strokes suffered by patients taking placebos in several clinical trials.
On its own, the European ruling might be seen largely as a nuisance to Microsoft.
Those losses have included the accounts of advertisers like Bank of America and the Lowe's Companies as well as parts of accounts of longtime Interpublic clients like General Motors, Nestlé and Unilever.
Microsoft, Again, Is the Darling of Fund Managers
Mike Gallant, a media and entertainment analyst at CIBC World Markets, concluded in a note to clients on Tuesday that Time Warner, ''should strongly consider accepting Bronfman's bid, as it eliminates any regulatory risk associated with a sale at an attractive multiple for its weakest asset.''
VeriSign's Marketing Is Subject of F.T.C.
To be sure, the changes may help Wal-Mart's bottom line, but Mr. Scott said his goal was ''to be better for our communities, better for our customers and better for our associates,'' as Wal-Mart calls its employees.
According to IDC, a research firm, Microsoft holds more than 60 percent of the server market worldwide, measured by number of programs installed.
Consumer Direct also aims to position Yahoo's advertisers ahead of those in other media or online services by quantifying the sales bump -- something television, newspaper and radio companies can rarely do.
Even Intel doesn't know quite why some chip manufacturing processes work better than others.
It had been expected to schedule a July 3 vote by its 20 commissioners on the General Electric-Honeywell deal, but after requests for more time from some countries, it was thought that it might delay the vote until the last possible meeting on July 11.
Now, however, Microsoft appears to have gained at least a small foothold for its proposal through a little-noticed feature of the company's agreement to supply the operating system for several million digital cable boxes being purchased by Tele-Communications Inc. And that has angered broadcasters, television set makers, Government officials and others.
Mr. Gilmartin's position at Merck has also been challenged.
The Advanced Fibers Systems unit of DuPont in Richmond awarded American duties for its Kevlar, Nomex and Teflon brands to Young & Rubicam New York, part of Young & Rubicam Advertising.
''The relationship between the PC makers and Microsoft has to be fixed, and that means regulating that relationship,'' said Stewart Alsop, a general partner of New Enterprise Associates, a Silicon Valley venture capital firm.
Donald Young, who follows I.B.M.
On April 8, The Sunday Express reported that Dow Chemical was in talks on a buyout.
''Prepaid forward contracts have been used for many years and are widely recognized as an entirely proper tool,'' Jeffrey Dellapina, a J. P. Morgan Chase managing director, said in comments echoed by Citigroup officials.
Microsoft also denied that it had ever tried to ''illegally divide the browser market'' in meetings with Netscape, as the Justice Department contends.
The AT&T Corporation, which was late to recognize the importance of the Internet, is to introduce a service Tuesday that it hopes to use to link millions of its long-distance telephone customers to the global computer network.
These concepts combine imaginative designs with the latest technology and are meant to influence the gear that will be sold by PC makers like Hewlett-Packard, Dell and Sony -- and to find new applications and demand for Intel's chips.
AT&T Plans Video Service Along With '800' Numbers
The recent acquisition of DirecTV by Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation adds another piece to his global satellite empire and puts him at the center of a fierce technological battle -- one in which he and other satellite operators have lost the clear advantage they once had over cable competitors.
Verizon has also been hit harder than the other Bells by competition from cable companies, which are expanding rapidly into the phone business.
Mr. Wang, group manager and senior researcher for cybersecurity and systems management at Microsoft, said, ''The good guys are part of the problem.''
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co is planning to sell its global custody and correspondent clearing businesses (S)
The new high-performance storage systems, I.B.M.
Before she joined Autodesk, and again nine months after her arrival, she was wooed by a telecommunications company that specializes in high-speed data transfer.
Patients took the drugs for an average of 17 months, and 10,000 patients took them for two years or more, Merck said.
And a Microsoft lawyer said last night that those provisions of the contract were never invoked.
More than five months after it paid a $10 million fine to settle a Securities and Exchange Commission charge of fraudulent accounting, Xerox is back under investigation for the same accounting missteps.
Deede Dickson, the vice president of business development for Time Direct Ventures, a unit of Time Warner, said that the company had been trying for five years to figure out a good way to sell magazine subscriptions in retail stores but had not been able to come up with the right packaging.
Merck has already reserved $675 million for its legal costs in defending Vioxx suits.
The company changed the battery's design and began producing new units with it, said Rob Clark, a Medtronic spokesman.
AT&T said last year that it intended to spin off its cable operation as an independent company.
Aetna, the nation's biggest health insurance company, said yesterday that it would not meet second-quarter earnings forecasts because its health care costs were rising faster than expected.
Cisco Systems plans to announce video telephone that it says is easy to use and will help drive down cost of videoconferencing; says lets users easily add video to phone calls made over Cisco Internet-based telephone systems; price of system is $200 per person (S)
In several crucial categories -- including 1999 year-to-date revenue growth -- Pfizer and Warner-Lambert were industry leaders, while American Home Products was 12th.
A Microsoft spokesman, Jim Cullinan, said: ''We believe our responses have been consistent from Day 1 of this lawsuit to today -- that our actions are good for consumers and good for competition.
After a lunch in New York with the chief executive of Nokia, he returned to his office to join a conference call with Cisco executives.
Citigroup played leading role on both sides of deal in which Scottish distiller Whyte & Mackay was acquired by United Spirits, flagship company of UB Group, controlled by Indian billionaire Vijay Mallya; Mallya will pay 595 million pounds ($1.2 billion) for distiller; Citigroup was major lender to United Spirits and financial adviser to Whyte & Mackay (M)
Boston Scientific's shares fell nearly 4 percent to close at $15.16 in trading yesterday, which ended before the announcement of the possible offering.
Many are reducing the volume of merchandise they sell on eBay, if not ending their participation altogether.
For example, the ''selective shopper,'' as Mr. Fleming labeled such customers, would buy only household staples at Wal-Mart, never clothing.
With the venture, in which Cisco has a minority stake, Net2Phone hopes to receive revenue from software licensing fees.
In a joint filing yesterday, lawyers for Merck and the widow of a man who died after reportedly taking the Merck drug Vioxx asked a state judge in Alabama to postpone the lawsuit, which was scheduled to be the first Vioxx case to go to trial.
Still, even if Qwest does not buy MCI, it could scoop up assets that Verizon and MCI might be forced by regulators to sell, Mr. Rosenbluth said.
The revised shipping schedule, though, raises questions as well about whether Sony can keep its promise to introduce the device in Europe next month, and longer term, whether it can rev up production enough to keep customers from deciding to wait and see what alternatives Microsoft and Nintendo have to offer next year.
What, exactly, was Time Warner thinking?
The Ford Motor Company and the auto parts giant Visteon said late this evening that they had reached tentative agreement on four-year labor contracts with the United Automobile Workers union.
Wal-Mart Plans to Test Online Films
I.B.M.
It also said it would stop producing clones of Apple Computer Inc.'s Macintosh, resulting in one of those costs, a $95 million charge.
The company would retain the Halliburton name and Richard B. Cheney, the former Secretary of Defense, would stay on as chief executive and David Lesar would remain president and chief operating officer.
Ponosov's case is a criminal case and as such was initiated and investigated by the public prosecutor's office in Russia,'' said Microsoft, whose European operations are based in Paris.
Apple announced its results after the close of regular trading.
''Didn't these people all say that what Oracle and SAP sell is different than what other companies sell?''
Merck executives contend that Vioxx's single dose gives it an advantage over Celebrex since patients usually want to take as few pills as possible.
The services initiative, called Hailstorm, will enable a person to store his or her calendar, contacts, credit card and other personal information as part of a vast database at Microsoft.
Oracle Corp raises its bid to acquire PeopleSoft to $9.4 billion, or $26 a share, which is 33 percent more than offer it made last June and $3.30 higher than shares of PeopleSoft closed on Feb 4; surprise increase in offer price signals new stage in hostile takeover fight for PeopleSoft that had appeared stalled in recent months; graph shows rise in closing stock price of PeopleSoft, June 2003-Jan 2004; photo of Lawrence J Ellison, chief executive of Oracle (M)
By providing OEMs with the ability to remove the Internet Explorer icon, offer ''browser choice'' during the initial Windows boot sequence and configure non-Microsoft Web browsing software to be the ''default browser,'' Microsoft's proposed remedy affords OEMs complete flexibility to distribute and promote any Web browsing software they choose, while at the same time protecting the integrity of Windows as a stable and consistent platform for software development.
At the top 100 firms who handle Wal-Mart's work, 82 of its ''relationship partners'' -- the lawyers who handle the day-to-day interaction with the company and, more important, assign legal work to their colleagues -- were white males.
Graph tracks U.S. sales of COX-2 inhibitors for the following drugs and companies from 1999 through 2003:  BEXTRA (Pfizer)  CELEBREX (Pfizer)  VIOXX (Merck)
''I think Phil represents a hint of the shape Boeing needs to have, a combination of exuberance and dynamism.''
Court of First Instance, Europe's second-highest court, is set to rule on antitrust chief Mario Monti's June 2000 decision barring MCI from taking over Sprint and hear Microsoft's appeal of European Commission's March antitrust ruling against it; MCI, then known as WorldCom, appealed partly on ground deal was withdrawn before commission decided to block it; court's president, Bo Vesterdorf, will decide whether Microsoft must change way it sells software in Europe immediately, or whether changes demanded by commission should be postpone for several years pending final ruling (M)
Fitch also ''remains comfortable with Motorola's operating profile.''
''We have made a very, very difficult decision to manage our exposure by reducing our market share,'' Brian Pozzi, an Allstate regional counsel, said in an interview.
Microsoft has developed technology known as .Net that competes with Java.
For example, travelers could book $159 rooms at some Marriotts for $129 through Expedia, according to Marriott franchisees.
's civil suit are Michael A. Conway, a senior official at the firm; Anthony P. Dolanski, who was the lead partner on the Xerox account from 1995 to 1997; Ronald A. Safran, who was head of the company's audits in 1998 and 1999; Joseph T. Boyle, who was involved in the audits in 1999 and 2000; and Thomas Yoho, a concurring review partner on the Xerox audits.
Mr. Jobs was ousted from Apple in 1985.
CNN, which like HBO is owned by Time Warner, will run 25 minutes of clips from the film as part of the network's reporting and as part of an hourlong special on the film.
Citigroup said it expected to generate ''significantly higher levels'' of profits this year as its business expands, expenses are tightened and the company reduces the risks it is exposed to around the world.
Prince Walid bin Talal of Saudi Arabia, who became famous for buying Citicorp's stock amid the market downturn in the early 1990's, bought some shares of Xerox in May, according to a spokesman for the prince.
The service from Verizon (www.verizonwireless.com), called BroadbandAccess and also based on EV-DO technology, delivers coverage to 181 metropolitan areas and half the nation's population, according to the company.
On Monday, Intel said it would delay a projection television chip that was to have been based on the new technology.
General Electric reorganizes its vast operations from 11 businesses into 6, promoting three young executives to vice chairmen to run its three biggest operations in move specifically aimed at keeping them from being hired away; vice chairmen David L Calhoun and John G Rice have been approached about chief executive job at Boeing; Calhoun will run GE Infrastructure; new unit includes aircraft engines, rail products, water, energy and oil and gas equipment, as well as some related finance units; Michael A Neal, formerly senior vice president leading GE Commercial Finance, keeps his former duties and adds insurance operations; vice chairman Dennis D Dammerman will retire and leave board at end of 2005; vice chairman Sir William M Castell will retire in 2006; Joseph M Hogan becomes head of GE Health Care; John Krenicki Jr will now run GE Energy business; Scott C Donnelly will run GE Aircraft Engines; Lloyd G Trotter and Arthur H Harper will continue to run GE Consumer and Industrial and GE Equipment services, respectively; photos (M)
They also intend to show how the retailer exerts its outsized influence on American culture through the so-called ''Wal-Mart effect,'' by limiting the choices of products like clothing, music -- and movies -- that are available to consumers.
General Motors Starts Media Buying Review
I.B.M.
Some people are now wondering whether his past pay should be reconsidered in light of the giant charges at Citigroup.
AT&T Corp, bidding to become largest cable television provider in US, makes unsolicited offer to acquire Mediaone Group Inc for about $58 billion in cash and stock; AT&T is trying to break up deal announced last month in which Mediaone agreed to be acquired by Comcast Corp for $53 million in stock; AT&T has already won support of Amos B Hostetter, whose family is Mediaone's biggest shareholder, with about 13 percent of company; AT&T chairman C Michael Armstrong and Mediaone chairman Charles M Lillis comment; map; photos (M)
Ford Motor Co reaches tentative, three-year contract with Canadian Auto Workers union, three hours before threatened strike at midnight; agreement is similar to generous deal that DaimlerChrysler AG negotiated with United Automobile Workers union, although that contract is for four years; both deals call for workers to receive annual wage increases of 3 percent plus annual cost of living adjustments nearly equal to inflation rate; union says total annual wage increases will be roughly 4.5 percent with Canadian inflation running close to 2 percent; both deals also provide large increases in pension benefits, to encourage older workers to retire, partly to make way for younger workers and partly to allow auto workers to reduce their work forces slowly so as to become more competitive; union president Basil Hargrove lauds agreement (M)
Accounting rules leave some room for interpretation, and Coca-Cola has not been forced to consolidate accounting because it owns less than 50 percent of the bottling company.
With 22 million cable subscribers, Comcast has a huge distribution system that can easily give a new channel great exposure to consumers.
''I don't see Wal-Mart as problematic enough to miss the opportunity they are offering to several of our students.''
Oracle is ''misinterpreting existing contracts, then going to customers and telling them they're out of compliance,'' said Mark B. Shainman, a META research analyst.
''If we don't get one of the big ones in 2005, it will be a big blow,'' Mr. Maloney said, adding that his future at Intel could depend on his progress on that front.
The Dow Chemical Company sued the General Electric Company today, accusing it of ''systematically and aggressively'' hiring Dow employees privy to trade secrets, the latest in a series of moves by American companies to prevent important officials from going to work for competitors.
Viacom had not negotiated with the groups and was not part of today's announcement; the groups said that they had not determined if they would proceed with legal action against the broadcaster.
In some cases, including I.B.M., the company matches those employee contributions to some degree.
Steve Bennett, the chief executive of Intuit, said he expected Omware to contribute $10 million to $20 million toward Intuit's bottom line in the first year.
Mr. Garner, 52, was most recently president of Coca-Cola's Southeast and West Asia division and has spent three decades at the company.
Yahoo said its changes had improved the percentage of auctions that close, to 31 percent from less than 10 percent.
Apple also introduced a faster version of its G4 Cube computer, which will also come with the ability to write directly to blank CD's and will be priced at $1,599.
I.B.M.
Less than two weeks ago, the World Trade Organization rejected Kodak's contention that unfair trade practices were hindering its sales in Japan, where its rival, Fuji Photo Film, dominates.
While companies like Microsoft and Apple Computer Inc. are unlikely to be eclipsed, there is an obvious opportunity for giants like AT&T.
The government proposes to have Microsoft file its appeal by Nov. 1.
A dispute between the Interpublic Group of Companies and Bruce Nelson, the senior executive who oversees one of its biggest accounts, has become public, not long after the account was placed in review.
Moreover, Microsoft's means of luring developers to its Java implementation included maximizing Internet Explorer's share of browser usage at Navigator's expense in ways the court has already held to be anticompetitive.
It was Spear, Leeds & Kellogg, a unit of Goldman Sachs -- not Bear Stearns.
I.B.M.
The two-year-old .Net initiative, promoted by Microsoft as the next generation in computing architecture, is a complex beast.
The report by Moody's Investors Service echoes criticism already heard from State Comptroller H. Carl McCall, independent budget watchers like the Citizens Budget Commission, and others.
Microsoft's power in the marketplace also gives many companies pause.
Further, he added, the petrochemical operations of both Chevron and Phillips were under greater pressure since British Petroleum and Amoco had begun to combine their operations.
The group of three experts, in its final report, conceded that Yahoo could probably filter out, with 90 percent accuracy, those who gain access to its sites.
Mr. Murdoch spoke of his upbringing in newspapers and listed various titles in Australia and Britain that he says he saved from disappearing by revitalizing them.
Merck rose $1.75, to $69.71, while Hewlett-Packard jumped $1.66, to $30.89.
Mr. Maffei's predecessor, Harry You, resigned in March after less than a year as Oracle's chief financial officer to become chief executive of BearingPoint, a computer consulting company.
Federal District Judge Ronald H. Whyte issued a temporary restraining order that gave Microsoft 90 days to make its Java software compatible with the version created by its archrival, Sun Microsystems, which owns the programming language, or remove it from its Windows software.
He said the deal would double Prudential's retirement business.
The media schedule of daytime and prime-time national and local programming would suggest a commitment of dollars concomitant with other company brands; Competitive Media Reporting, which tracks ad spending, reported that Clorox spent $7 million last year to advertise Soft Scrub and $7.8 million to advertise Tilex.
The transistor, which was designed by a team of I.B.M.
CBS has placed the show on Sunday evenings at 8.
The companies -- Activision, Acclaim Entertainment and THQ -- said in securities filings late last week that securities officials had asked them for information in a nonpublic formal investigation.
As Aon put it in its statement, such payments are ''a longstanding and common practice within the insurance industry.''
Xerox Corp will spin off Gyricon Media Inc, which makes flexible, paper-thin material that can be used to display computer-generated text; Xerox expects one of Gyricon's first applications to be in helping create changeable point-of-purchase signs for retail stores; some investors hail Gyricon's birth as welcome respite from unrelenting stream of bad news that has flowed lately from Xerox (M)
Keenly aware that young potential voters are also potential customers, brands including Motorola, Ben & Jerry's and 7-Up have signed up to support Rock the Vote this year.
General Motors Corp chairman Jack Smith, vowing there will be no layoffs at Daewoo Motor Co, tries to win support for its bid to acquire ailing South Korean automaker; rival bidder Ford Motor has made similar promises (S)
To correct its violations, Halliburton was required to pay more than $8.6 million.
Excluding the one-time charges, the company had an extraordinarily good quarter, particularly in the international segment of the property and casualty  division," said Michael Lewis, an analyst for Dean Witter Reynolds, who expected Cigna to earn $3.04 a share on operations.
To reap the full benefits of Panama, some analysts say Yahoo needs to increase its share of searches conducted online, which has remained relatively steady over the last year, while Google's has been inching up.
Citigroup to Buy Associates First for $31 Billion
''Sony has not violated any Kodak patent related to digital imaging and will fully defend any allegations made in this regard,'' Sony said in a statement.
In January, Boeing announced a $15 million settlement of a separate, private class-action suit charging the company with discrimination.
The decisions involved a commercial for a national antismoking campaign known as Truth, which is now running after being turned down in February, and a commercial for Nike athletic footwear and apparel, which was withdrawn after being broadcast from Friday through Sunday.
''But I'm not too worried about the other two juggernauts moving ahead of us too fast,'' Mr. Deutsch added, laughing, referring to Omnicom and WPP.
Surprisingly large second-quarter loss by IBM's semiconductor business raises questions about whether IBM can achieve its hybrid strategy of producing microprocessors for its mainframes and server computers, while also profitably making custom chips for outside companies; internal demand consumes only about third of IBM's plant capacity; IBM's approach to contract business varies from that of other chip makers; stresses close ties with limited number of customers that want advanced chips; graph of IBM sales and income; photos (M)
''I think we have a lot of assets that we have created over time that have messages that resonate in a contemporary format,'' said Philip F. Mooney, director of the Coca-Cola corporate archives, who joined other executives from Coca-Cola and I.B.M.
The Microsoft tape was an effort to counter a Government assertion that the browser and the operating system could be decoupled, and thus are two products, using a small program devised by a Government witness, Edward W. Felton, a computer scientist at Princeton University.
The original deal would have been a tax-free transaction, AT&T said.
Boeing and Lockheed each own half of the United Space Alliance, the prime contractor to NASA on the shuttle program.
And Greg Maffei, Microsoft's newly appointed chief financial officer, warned: ''None of us think that Windows 98 will have the financial impact of Windows 95.
Fuji and Kodak are trying to expand their images and their horizons beyond just traditional film.
Oracle has booked several contracts for its servers, including a deal with Bell Atlantic, but the company may be hurt if AT&T throws its weight behind a rival.
Joint effort by Lockheed Martin, BAE Systems and Northrop Grumman to develop next-generation stealth fighter airplane, Joint Strike Fighter, could be template for future cooperation among military contractors; photo (M)
The new categories are significant because for the first time, Wal-Mart thinks it finally understands not just how people shop at its stores, but why they shop the way they do.
Comcast's shares jumped $3.1875, to a 52-week high of $21.4375, on news of the deal, while Microsoft rose $1.1875, to $125.25.
After many years of creating some of the drug industry's biggest sellers, Merck's pipeline of new products has slowed and Mr. Gilmartin has had to find alternative approaches to drug development.
Big Investment in Comcast Doubles Buffett's Holding
Microsoft reached an agreement to acquire 29.7 percent of Telewest, the British cable TV operator, from Mediaone.
Emphasizing that he was offering no legal judgment, Mr. Yoffie added, ''I think Microsoft could have achieved 90 percent of what it did without crossing the line as much as it did.''
By their admission, Blockbuster (www.blockbuster.com) and Wal-Mart (www.walmart.com/dvdrentals) are still playing catch-up.
Others think that the United Technologies Corporation, which had been planning to buy Honeywell before G.E.
''We love the Yogini,'' said Kathryn Reith, a spokeswoman for Nike, as she paused a tape of the commercial in Nike's headquarters here.
Moody's Investors Service, the ratings agency, said it was considering an upgrading to the credit ratings of Resona Bank and Saitama Resona Bank because of increased confidence in the regulatory support mechanism.
When Hasbro decided in 2001 that it did not want to maintain a showroom and offices in Manhattan, 120,000 square feet became available, including the ground floor, the basement and a small mezzanine of the joined buildings.
Procter & Gamble, whose New Orleans coffee operations were shut down by Hurricane Katrina on Aug 29, has restarted two of four main production lines at Folgers roasting plant, first major manufacturing site in city to come back after storm; believes getting Folgers plant up and running is critical to maintaining brand's leadership share position as company enters peak season; smaller Millstone plant remains closed; photos (M)
Still, Kodak does have the home court advantage.
To limit the restrictions on Microsoft just because that cannot be definitively proved, he said, would fail to undo the damage of the company's illegal acts.
Italy's coffee company Illycaffe, run by Andrea Illy, is placing its coffee way Gucci does its handbags, at top of market, and it continues to invent accessories, like single-cup pouches prevalent in Europe; it is also introducing espresso bars, called Espressamente, with look of fashion boutiques, and it surrounds its products with cups and saucers whose design is work of contemporary artists like Jeff Koons and James Rosenquist; Illy expects to post $330 million of revenue in 2006, selling coffee as beans, ground and in individual portions, or pods; business of coffee has fundamentally changed, on both sides of Atlantic, and it is companies like Starbucks that have changed it; coffee is becoming case study in globalization, including more people to drink coffee and to pay more for coffee they drink; photos (L)
If Boeing receives the F.A.A.
But another rival, the Computer Sciences Corporation, played down the risks from the new AT&T venture.
''I.B.M.
The Dow Chemical Company is building one near its plants in eastern Germany.
The Chinese said they would indefinitely postpone a plan, scheduled to go into effect on June 1, to impose a software encryption standard for wireless computers that American giants like Intel and Microsoft regarded as an unfair trade barrier.
The Intel Corporation, the chip maker, introduced yesterday what it described as its most important product since the arrival of the Pentium processor 13 years ago.
Her managers responded that there was a risk that the company could lose sales, the employee said, but that they believed other pharmaceutical companies would soon join Merck.
Ford told Goodyear that it was already charging more than its competitors for eight tire models, including the tires for the Explorer.
Microsoft's new version of its Pocket PC software can play music in the popular MP3 audio format, display electronic books in the first major introduction of the company's Cleartype software and play video clips.
That could be the future of oral health care as envisioned by Colgate-Palmolive and Introgen Therapeutics, an Austin, Tex., biotechnology company.
''The facts are the situation on the field and our bottlenecks are improving, not getting worse,'' he said, responding to what he called unfounded reports of a growing number of unfinished 737's parked at Boeing's Renton production center near Seattle.
''It's the internal people that are the target'' of many Home Depot initiatives, said Frederick F. Reichheld, a consultant at Bain & Company and author of ''The Loyalty Effect'' (Harvard Business School Press, 1996) who has studied the company.
Microsoft's response has been, and continues to be, that by now its Internet Explorer program for browsing the World Wide Web is deeply integrated into its Windows operating system.
It was a printed flier, not the Wal-Mart Web site.
Five major recording companies and IBM say they will, for first time, begin to test selling albums as digital information transmitted over Internet; new system is intended to sell authorized recordings in medium where most of music, legitimately copied and otherwise, is now available free (M)
International Business Machines Corp reports its earnings increased more than 6 percent in third quarter, to $1.369 billion, from year earlier; company's total revenue grew by 3 percent, to $18.6 billion; revenue in company's hardware business, its largest source of revenue, was flat at $8.3 billion; Lawrence R Ricciardi, acting chief financial officer, says many areas are offering employees voluntary buyout packages, and some will have mandatory layoffs; company hopes to save money by merging its consumer PC business into its business PC unit and by merging two of its midsized computer businesses (M)
platforms and Microsoft platforms.''
Waste Management Inc. said late today that its problems with misleading accounting went back to 1992, two years earlier than previously announced.
In that case and in other public statements, Intel said it had the right to supply or withhold its own proprietary information according to its own business interests.
Sir Frank Lowe, a longtime agency executive, will retire at the end of the year, according to the proxy statement filed by the Interpublic Group of Companies on Tuesday.
America Online said it would offer the news services, discussion groups and informational material from its own on-line service to customers of AT&T's new Worldnet Internet access service at an unspecified discount.
Adobe Buys Macromedia for $3.4 Billion
Motorola says it will lose money in third quarter and plans to cut 4,000 more jobs than it had previously announced; tells analysts its cell phone business is beginning to rebound and it expects to return to profitability before end of year (M)
''Who doesn't shop at Wal-Mart?''
Besides, Microsoft and the Bush administration say, the enforcement mechanisms in the proposed consent decree, including a three-person technical committee, would leave little room for the company to sidestep any sanctions.
Xerox said it expected to reap $2 billion to $4 billion from the sales.
Besides, he said, eBay's entry into this field would be impractical, since online liquidators ''can hold the hands of the large manufacturer or retailer, where we simply couldn't do that.''
But Mr. Kash, of I.B.M., said he believed that both methods could co-exist in the marketplace, perhaps even as complements.
I.B.M.
America Online had a designated ''Microsoft watcher,'' a young M.B.A. who tracked its adversary's every move.
Microsoft found all of the government's suggested options unpalatable.
Though Primestar planned to buy the venture, the News Corporation would have retained a 20 percent interest and supplied programming.
It is a future that blends telecommunications, consumer electronics and computing, and it envisions increasing reliance on voice commands to control common household devices -- that, not coincidentally, use Microsoft operating systems.
Under the coverage, workers at G.M., the Ford Motor Company and the Chrysler division of DaimlerChrysler pay no deductibles or monthly premiums.
Mattel yesterday became the first customer for a new low-cost three-dimensional computer memory chip manufactured by Matrix Semiconductor.
Robert Young, the chairman and president of Central Vermont Public Service, which owns 31.3 percent of Vermont Yankee, said he thought that Entergy could produce power from the 30-year-old reactor more cheaply than the current owners.
Priceline also faced stiff new competition in the fourth quarter, as Hotwire.com, an airline-backed Web site that also offers discount tickets, formally opened for business.
Time Warner wanted a deal that valued AOL at more than $20 billion, and at various times both Microsoft and Google informally discussed transactions that would meet that demand, the executive briefed on the talks said.
Representatives at J.P. Morgan Chase and Bank of America declined to comment on the documents.
Battered by a strong dollar and lower film prices, the Eastman Kodak Company, the world's largest photography company, said yesterday that operating profits plunged by 37.7 percent in the fourth quarter.
For instance, analysts said, Yahoo's topic pages, like its travel page, could more thoroughly incorporate search features that include Overture's paid listings.
Noting the telecommunications slump, the company is demanding that the union, which represents 60,000 Verizon employees from Maine to Virginia, agree to loosen job security protections and that workers contribute more toward health coverage.
The Ford Motor Company, buffeted by lower auto sales and the continuing dispute over the failure of Firestone tires on its Explorer sports utility vehicles, announced a series of management changes today to shore up its operations in North America.
Michael R. Bonsignore, the chief executive of Honeywell, predicts that traffic at the site, which he said already has 30,000 users a month,  will increase tenfold, and will generate $500 million in revenues by 2003.
He added that Microsoft's power was growing because the company was beginning to use Windows as a ''choke point'' for access to the Internet.
''Microsoft was upset with our internal use of Netscape and initiated a number of activities with Digital Equipment Company and Hewlett-Packard, reducing their emphasis on the Compaq partnership,'' the executive wrote.
Since their lows last fall, Merck shares are up about 50 percent, even after yesterday's decline.
These organizations do not speak on the company's behalf, nor does it control their views and messages, Exxon Mobil said.
Adobe Systems Inc warns that its third-quarter revenue will fall below analysts' expectations, resulting in potential loss; also announces departure of three senior executives and reduction of 240 to 300 jobs, or 13 percent of its work force; executives P Jackson Bell, Robert Roblin and Ross Bott resign (M)
MR. ROBERTS  -- Your Honor, may it please the court, let's begin with the basic question of which test controls, the test articulated by the panel in the consent decree appeal or the test articulated by the Supreme Court in Jefferson Parish and Eastman Kodak.
A former Enron employee was selling a 64-page cache of internal Enron Corporation memorandums on eBay today.
Correction:  October 5, 2006, Thursday  Because of an editing error, the Advertising column in Business Day yesterday, about companies donating money from a line of new products to help fight AIDS in Africa, misstated the cellphone that Motorola is offering as part of the promotion.
It was e-mail messages from company managers, including William H. Gates, the chairman, that formed the basis for the government's successful suit against Microsoft.
The computer makers that have agreed to support Open MP are Compaq Computer, Digital Equipment, Intel, I.B.M.
Chevron would have 45 percent of that.
The move today by the Justice Department was the latest in a rapidly evolving battle that began two months ago when the Attorney General, Janet Reno, decided to file suit against Microsoft, charging it with leveraging its monopoly on computer operating systems to gain control over the Internet.
Citigroup Is Linked to a Deal That Let Enron Skirt Rules
Wal-Mart's top marketing executive Julie Roehm is out of job amid allegations, which she denies, that she accepted gifts from ad agencies, particularly Draft FCB, maintained personal relationship with subordinate Sean Womack and showed favoritism toward potential vendors; Wal-Mart, in surprising rebuke, overturns Roehm's choice, Draft FCB, to replace company's longtime ad agencies, decision that puts $580 million worth of marketing up for grabs again; photo (M)
After spending 14 months researching what every parent already knows (and what the A. I. DuPont Hospital for Children in Wilmington, Del., established in an 18-month study), namely, that schoolchildren are virtually crippling themselves carrying books to school, Nike has introduced a line of carryalls that hit the ergonomic buttons.
In January, Microsoft agreed to pay up to $1.1 billion to California consumers, settling the largest class-action claim.
The Truesync software that comes with the organizer was developed by Starfish Software, now a division of Motorola, and it works with many of the most popular desktop information management programs, including Microsoft Outlook, Yahoo Calendar, the Palm OS, Lotus Notes or Lotus Organizer, and Starfish's own Truesync Desktop PIM and Sidekick.
to AT&T and at least 2,000 going from AT&T to I.B.M.
Moody's Warns That New York State's Budget Could Spawn Gigantic Deficits
Fleishman-Hillard in St. Louis, part of the Omnicom Group, has agreed to acquire Greer, Margolis, Mitchell, Burns & Associates in Washington, a strategic communications company that offers services in fields like political consulting, advertising, public relations and issues management.
Accelerating that investment is important to Microsoft.
Last month, Nike said it was ending its agreement to supply Brown University's hockey teams after Brown joined the consortium.
Miles was an architect of a board that included several former chief executives, many of whom lived in the Chicago suburbs, who defended Mr. Purcell in the years after the Dean Witter Morgan Stanley merger.
The commission shares the fears of some competitors that the merged company would use the leasing unit to extend its dominance from the aircraft engine market, where it manufactures more than half the world's big jet engines, to avionics and specialized aircraft parts, where Honeywell is very strong.
Then Aetna plans to raise premiums rigorously and try to recruit the customers for Aetna U.S. Healthcare.
In a conference call with analysts, Mr. Liddell, the chief financial officer, said that Microsoft would be looking selectively for acquisitions and that online services was an industry where Microsoft might make a move, though he did not elaborate.
Microsoft liked Mr. Martin's in-the-know humor, but was also drawn to his built-in digital audience.
THE News Corporation's decision to write down $909 million in sports television programming for its Fox network on Tuesday may halt the recent inflation in the cost of broadcast network sports contracts, industry analysts said.
''We believe this cycle is still at a very early point,'' Mr. Readerman said, ''and that's why we remain so bullish on Microsoft.''
Shares of Coca-Cola fell 37.5 cents, to $62.5625, after losing about 3.5 percent at one point during the day.
MICHAEL I. ROTH, the new chief executive of Interpublic, the agency company, has not written advertisements, managed accounts, supervised the production of commercials or schmoozed with chief marketing officers at cocktail parties.
''These trust issues are slippery because you, the consumer, don't realize when you're trusting Microsoft you're actually trusting VeriSign's certification procedures.''
AOL Time Warner, Pfizer and Lucent Technologies were big losers.
The company is likely to spend the next several weeks evaluating the proposal and may very well tell Comcast how it would have to alter the offer to make it acceptable.
Environmentalists and other activists argue that new water cooling system at Indian Point nuclear plant, which will lower number of fish deaths, will not cost $1 billion or force plant to close, as is alleged by plant owner Entergy Nuclear Northeast (M)
Intel said the cuts would not come in any specific area but that each business unit would assess its level of employment and be asked to identify jobs that could be cut.
After working at Xerox, they started Adobe based on the notion that the personal computer would revolutionize the publishing industry.
In a separate case, a Federal appeals court sided with Microsoft, upholding the principle that the company could put whatever it wanted to in its operating system and declare it a single product.
The Fox News mantra of ''be accurate, be fair, be American,'' Mr. Moody said, is appropriate for the times.
Citigroup is beginning a review for Citibank assignments in the United States that are now handled by Young & Rubicam Advertising in New York.
They wrote a friend-of-the court brief submitted by the Association for Competitive Technology, a trade group with close ties to the Microsoft Corporation and founded in 1998 when the government filed its antitrust suit against the company.
The Lin Broadcasting Company was valued yesterday at $127.50 a share, or $3.3 billion, a price that analysts said represented a bargain for the AT&T Corporation, which is expected to buy the 48 percent of the Lin it does not already own.
The bureau reinstated Priceline in December, after the company changed its disclosures.
Kodak is in the middle of a campaign, created by Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide in New York, part of the WPP Group, called ''Share Moments, Share Life.''
Last September, he accused a former Bank of America broker, Theodore C. Sihpol III, of larceny and securities fraud, saying he helped Canary engage in late trading.
The company owns 35.2 percent of BarnesandNoble.com, an American online bookseller that has been dwarfed by Amazon.
MCI's chairman, Nicholas Katzenbach, said at a special meeting at the company's headquarters in Ashburn, Va., that shareholders who controlled 64.6 percent of MCI's stock supported Verizon's offer.
But a large clinical trial showed that it actually increased the risk of death, forcing Pfizer to end its development.
But with Boeing poised to deliver its ''best and final offer'' to the machinists today for a contract to replace one that expires next Wednesday, the likelihood that the company  will be struck for the third time in 10 years appears to be growing.
The Shanghai service is British Airways' first new long-haul route since late 2002 Boeing says the Asia-Pacific region, dominated by China, will account for 36 percent of the 25,700 new aircraft, worth $2.1 trillion, that it projects will be ordered in the next 20 years.
It was a beautiful climbing-rose-pink canvas raincoat ($78 at the Gap).
Exxon expects to add one million barrels a day of oil and gas to its current production as the company starts more than 20 projects in the next three years, Mr. Tillerson said at an analyst meeting yesterday in New York.
The changes Citigroup has said it will make include establishing programs to ''refer up'' customers who have good credit into lower-interest loans; limiting broker and lender fees to 8 percent of a loan; limiting prepayment penalties to the first three years of the loan, instead of five years; and promising not to refinance no-interest or low-interest loans from certain low-income housing groups.
One person close to Time Warner suggested that Mr. Malone might be seeking leverage over the company for a future transaction with Liberty, although a Time Warner spokesman said none had been proposed.
The Xerox Corporation's Palo Alto Research Center, which developed some of the standard techniques now used in personal computing, is moving into biotechnology.
INTERPUBLIC, AN AD AGENCY COMPANY, WILL SELL BONDS
During the quarter, Cisco completed the acquisition of Amteva Technologies Inc., an Internet services company, for approximately $159 million and took a one-time charge of $81 million.
''The Microsoft case is aberrational in terms of how complicated these cases get,'' said Joseph Angland, a partner in the antitrust group of the New York law firm of Dewey Ballantine.
ImClone Systems yesterday rejected demands by Bristol-Myers Squibb to rework their $2 billion agreement to develop and market a cancer drug.
''Each team is assigned to work with a sponsor in Texas Instruments to examine a real business issue and come up with some recommendations,'' Mr. Szot said.
The growing competition has spurred Kodak's marketing mavens to action.
''The problem Apple faced, and the problem a lot of these companies that start off with all this promise face, is because they've gotten all this attention, they have a very high price from the start,'' Professor Loughran said.
He succeeds C. D. Tam, who will become general manager of Motorola's microcontroller technologies group.
Technology Briefing
Yahoo said yesterday that its profit more than doubled in the second quarter, driven both by acquisitions and a surging online advertising market.
For instance, while fire and police radio systems are not normally interoperable, the Cisco method would connect them.
Investors' assumptions that I.B.M.
Ramesh Rajan, senior vice president and director for financial operations at Interpublic Group of Companies, is named chief executive officer at its largest unit, McCann-Erickson WorldGroup (S)
McDonald's is like white bread.''
Verizon Wireless plans to increase its network capacity and take other measures to serve the emergency communication needs of the government, rather than carry out a limited form of priority access, according to a filing last week with the Federal Communications Commission.
Like News Corporation, those companies bet too big and too soon on the Internet several years ago, leading to large write-downs -- and, in the case of Time Warner, its financially disastrous merger with America Online.
For one thing, Netflix cannot accommodate the moviegoer who needs instant gratification.
It's an Aon problem.''
And he pointed out that the size and scale of General Motors protected it to some extent because of its investment advantages over smaller companies, including the ability to buy costly technology.
But Mr. Pepperman recalled I.B.M.
Bonnie Pressman, the wife of Gene Pressman, whose grandfather founded Barneys New York, said yesterday that she would step down as the retailer's executive vice president and director of women's fashion to become senior vice president and women's fashion director at the Polo Ralph Lauren Corporation.
But he sold the stock at a break-even price later in the summer, just as Xerox's shares were starting to tumble.
Microsoft said it would seek a temporary halt to both sanctions, while its appeal makes its way through the European courts, a process that is expected to take years.
General Mills and Pillsbury Co believe that their companies are good fit and that marketing and distributing their products together will yield huge benefits; also say they know each other well and their cultures are quite similar, factors that should make for a friendly merger; photo (M)
But he noted that large software projects were frequently late and said that the slip would not prove damaging to Apple over the long run.
A further complication in the Chevron attempt with Texaco is that David J. O'Reilly, the 52-year-old vice chairman of Chevron, is viewed as a likely successor to Mr. Derr, and would therefore find it hard to allow Mr. Bijur a turn to run a combined company.
PeopleSoft has stumbled since Oracle made its bid, hurt by the turmoil caused by the takeover battle and unexpected difficulties in meshing its operations with J.D.
A reporter's called to Amazon, inquiring about the book, resulted in the company's removing the image.
''Yahoo has really become the global Internet play,'' said Paul W. Noglows, an analyst with Chase H & Q.
Reinvigorated by today's ruling in the Microsoft antitrust case, the Microsoft Corporation's competitors in Silicon Valley today renewed their calls for harsh ''structural'' sanctions that would lead to the breakup of the company, the nation's largest independent software marker.
''I don't think commercializing patents is an important part of their revenue story, but protecting their intellectual property will be a major part of their success in the digital photography market,'' said David R. Giroux, an investment analyst with T. Rowe Price, which owns Kodak stock.
Yahoo Goes Beyond Initial Plan Against Adult Sites
Kodak invented the first digital camera in the mid-1970's and holds nearly 1,000 patents related to digital photography.
''The real change will be a home wireless network that will make it possible to put computer intelligence in every device.''
The results, among the bleakest for a major agency company since the recession a decade ago, meant a fast end to the honeymoon -- what there was of it -- for David Bell, who completes his first week as chairman and chief executive of Interpublic today .
IBM reports disappointing first-quarter earnings, which might indicate renewed weakness in technology sector; reports sales from continuing operations of $22.9 billion, up 3 percent from same 2004 period; earnings miss analysts' expectations; profits from continuing operations reach $1.41 billion; chief financial officer Mark Loughridge comments (M)
He added that Boeing's management team would have to retire or be phased out before the company could admit its mistake and start building a superjumbo.
Oracle Corp reports earnings rose 31 percent, to $527.4 million, in fiscal fourth quarter ended May 31, from $402.8 million a year earlier; says revenues grew 22 percent, to $2.94 billion from $2.41 billion; announces that it is laying off 325 employees--less than 1 percent of its total 43,000-member global work force--effective immediately, as it moves to trim costs (M)
Michael Roberts, the president and chief operating officer of McDonald's, said the two companies were in talks to determine ''how the partnership should evolve.''
J. D. Edwards, which is based in Denver, also filed a suit in California against Oracle, Mr. Ellison and Charles E. Phillips, Oracle's executive vice president, contending that they engaged in unfair business practices.
And while Netflix's DVD rental business has thrived in part because of the company's superior logistics, that competitive edge will not mean much in the world of digital distribution.
Early this month, Adobe completed its $3.4 billion acquisition of Macromedia, giving it control of Flash, Macromedia's crown jewel, a software tool for developing multimedia applications for the Web.
Technology Briefing
Lawyers for Merck said they would not change their strategy.
America Online had its own browser, but to keep pace with the rapidly advancing technology it made sense to do a deal with Netscape or Microsoft.
Microsoft continues to garner an increasing share of its quarterly profits from gains on its sizable investment portfolio rather than from current operations.
''Those who release viruses on the Internet are the saboteurs of cyberspace,'' said Brad Smith, the company's senior vice president and general counsel, ''and Microsoft wants to help the authorities catch them.''
The European Commission turned up the heat yesterday on Microsoft, the world's largest software company, threatening to fine it more than $2 million a day unless it agrees to share more technical information with competitors.
General Motors Corp and Ford Motor Co announce better-than-expected second-quarter earnings; GM's profits climbed 11.1 percent, to $2.10 billion, compared with $1.89 billion in year-earlier quarter; sales edged up to $45.15 billion from $44.78 billion; Ford's earnings rose 33.2 percent, to $2.53 billion from $1.90 billion a year earlier; sales rose to $40.27 billion from $38.97 billion; charts (L)
Mr. McNerney, 55, an outside director at Boeing, had previously said he wanted to remain at 3M, but in recent weeks had what he called ''a change of heart'' and opted for the more glamorous, more global and more troubled aircraft and military equipment maker.
And Merck continues to struggle to explain e-mail messages from its scientists discussing Vioxx's potential risks as early as 1997, two years before the drug reached the market.
Analysts said that investors were worried that Pfizer might be paying too much for Pharmacia and were disappointed by its second-quarter sales, which it released yesterday, and by news that the third quarter may also fail to live up to expectations.
The Russian, Dmitri Sklyarov, was arrested last Monday at a computer hacker convention in Las Vegas, where he made a presentation about the security flaws in the encryption software, like Adobe's, used to prevent the piracy of electronic books.
And Mr. Rosen testified that his belief that Netscape did not intend to compete with Microsoft was based on what Netscape executives told him then.
Still, Microsoft's shares had been somewhat stagnant in recent weeks as other technology stocks advanced.
But the statement by Verizon left open the possibility that MCI, the long-distance carrier it bought in January, did turn over such records -- or that the unit, once absorbed into Verizon, had continued to do so.
With reported 2005 revenue of $16.3 billion, Express Scripts is much smaller than Caremark, with $33 billion last year, and Medco, with $37.9 billion.
Mr. Drude wrote Mr. Scott that Jani-King had lost business in 10 stores because a Wal-Mart district manager had given the contracts to illegal immigrants from Eastern Europe.
''It's tough to find any other part of the economy showing double-digit unit growth,'' he added, ''so I think money should come out of the Coca-Colas and Gillettes and into the Motorolas and Intels.''
Another senior executive resigned from Morgan Stanley yesterday, extending what has become a stream of departures from the investment bank.
as well as its longtime supplier, Intel.
But making a profit on the deals was contingent on Boeing's slashing production costs.
Texas Instruments said yesterday that it had broken the one-gigahertz barrier for digital signal processing chips, increasing the top speed for such chips by nearly 40 percent.
Under the latest plan, the option votes will be included with a category of shares not under the Molson family's control.
Here Northrop Grumman clearly has an edge.
The online personals business has been dominated for the last two years by Match.com, which is owned by InterActiveCorp, and the Personals division of Yahoo Inc.
QueRico.com gives ad account to Omnicom Group (S)
The new strategy means ''there will be no single mega-event once every two or three years,'' said Gilbert F. Amelio, Apple's chairman and chief executive.
Although Thompson New York fell short in the review for valdecoxib, which was assigned to Deutsch in New York, the ideas that Thompson New York presented led Pharmacia and Pfizer to shift Celebrex from Burnett.
The E-commerce pioneer Amazon.com strives for a clean look for its on-line bookstore.
They say that Coca-Cola, which owns 44 percent of Coca-Cola Enterprises and all the rights to popular brands like Coca-Cola, Diet Coke and Sprite, is using its dominant position to take business away from them.
For some, it stirred visions of his legendary father, Maurice R. Greenberg, the longtime chief executive of the American International Group, the giant insurer.
Gross profit margins will be about 37 percent, Motorola said, which would be 50 percent higher than a year ago, but only slightly better than the 36 percent margin in the first quarter of this year.
''Employers are banding together to say we can do something,'' said Randy MacDonald, a senior vice president at I.B.M.
''This is transformational,'' Carlos M. Gutierrez, Kellogg's chairman and chief executive, said in an interview.
Advertisers can also stick with Bid4Spots' own service if they prefer it to eBay's exchange.
Success of Edgar Bronfman Jr's deal to buy Warner Music from Time Warner for $2.6 billion hinges in large part on his conviction that embattled music industry can tame online piracy and reverse three-year sales slump; Bronfman is betting on untested new Internet business, sale of music online; unlike his earlier deal, when he sold his family's Seagram liquor empire for shares of Vivendi, this time he has assembled well-healed cadre of investors that shore his vision, including group led by Thomas H Lee Partners; Bronfman himself is expected to contribute $250 million to deal; in wooing investors, he argued that online music piracy is already abating thanks to lawsuits by music industry and legal online music sales by companies like Apple Computer and Wal-Mart; photo (M)
A Wal-Mart spokeswoman, Mona Williams, said the retailer, which was not provided with a copy of the report, did not know the correct subsidy total.
Four years after it was gobbled up by the AT&T Corporation for $7.5 billion and renamed, the NCR Corporation got its name back yesterday -- the first step toward being cut loose from what has turned out to be a disastrous relationship.
Kodak still sells more than 70 percent of the film in the United States, but Fuji keeps chipping away.
Interpublic Group of Companies will create new post of chief operating officer to serve as second in command to chairman and chief executive John J Dooner Jr; job is likely to be filled from outside ranks of Interpublic's subsidiary agencies (M)
But to win its case, the commission must show that Intel not only hurt rivals, if any of the three companies are in fact rivals, but that it also hurt competition within the microchip industry.
While it had been widely expected that Morgan Stanley would lose the case, the decision, together with the harsh words used by the judge regarding Morgan Stanley's conduct, has been tonic for Mr. Purcell's critics.
It sued to invalidate Microsoft's trademark on Windows in October and asked for a summary judgment.
''For Gates, I believe that this is about making the Internet work for Microsoft,'' Mr. Sherlund said.
'' said Jeremy Dale, vice president for global retail and channel marketing for Motorola.
Getting the Chance To Do It Himself; Out of the Shadows to Run Home Depot
Thus a central issue in the arguments will almost certainly be whether many conclusions by Judge Jackson -- like one that Microsoft is a monopolist that improperly exercised its market power -- are conclusions of law that can be easily reversed, or conclusions of fact that must be accorded deference.
Both agencies were dismissed in December just days after Wal-Mart fired Ms. Roehm.
Target was not told in advance what the editorial contents or the cover of the issue would be, Mr. Carey said, and there is to be no editorial acknowledgement of the sponsorship.
Harold Reiter, chief executive of Herbert Mines Associates, the executive search firm that will be helping Gap look for Mr. Drexler's replacement, acknowledged that he and the company were looking for a hard-to-find mix of skills.
GlaxoSmithKline and Bristol-Myers Squibb have held preliminary discussions about the possibility of a merger, executives close to the talks said yesterday.
The executive, Kevin Turner, 40, had a 19-year career at Wal-Mart, where he rose quickly through the management ranks to become the retailer's chief information officer and, most recently, the chief executive of Sam's Club, the company's warehouse club division.
B Sky B, the satellite television broadcaster in which the News Corporation owns a 36 percent stake, owns 22 percent of Premiere and has an option to sell that stake back to Kirch for $1.5 billion.
Ravi Suria, convertible bond analyst at Lehman Brothers who shot to fame on his rigorous and skeptical research reports on Amazon.com and other stock market darlings, joins Duquesne Capital Management, a $4 billion hedge fund, as managing director (M)
Success for Microsoft would be to find a settlement, like the one it reached with the Bush administration last year, that would allow the company to continue to do business much as it has done before.
In addition, the Government's suit is expected to ask that Microsoft be prohibited from requiring computer makers to install its browser, Internet Explorer, as a condition of licensing Windows.
Corning's bonds are rated triple B -- ''one notch above junk,'' Mr.
It is a strange juxtaposition: BitTorrent, with 35 employees, and the company whose dominance in video sales is so threatened by online file trading, 1.8-million-employee Wal-Mart.
(When Mr. Malone announced the sale of TCI to AT&T, the terms represented a 31 percent premium to TCI's stock price.)
The new iBook portable Macintosh, which will cost $1,599 when it goes on sale in September, continues Apple's recent string of impressive, innovative and colorful consumer computers.
Google and Yahoo are introducing services that will let users search through television programs based on words spoken on the air.
Charles S. Frenette, chief marketing officer at Coca-Cola in Atlanta, outlined the new magic-tinged methods of selling Coke in a 90-minute interview yesterday at the company's New York office in midtown Manhattan.
Union members like Rick Yrlas, a 51-year-old auto worker in Flint, Mich., must decide in the next couple of weeks whether to accept a buyout offer from General Motors, where he has worked for 30 years.
Dr. John W. Rowe, chairman of Aetna, said most customers had already renewed contracts at generally higher premiums that would yield 19 percent profit margins.
In its motion filed on May 14 seeking a preliminary injunction, Sun argued that ''Microsoft is drawing on its vastly superior distribution channels for desktop operating systems and browsers to inundate the market for desktop computers with an unlicensed, incompatible version of Sun's Java environment.''
Yahoo Profit Falls Sharply On Weakness In Advertising
Mr. Langone ''created the Home Depot board in his own philosophical image,'' said Richard Ferlauto, director of pension investment policy for the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees, whose pension fund owns shares in the company.
Roger E Egan, president and chief operating officer of Marsh & McLennan insurance brokerage unit Marsh Inc, steps down in reorganization prompted by bid-rigging investigation by New York State Atty Gen Eliot Spitzer; Marsh Inc chairman and Global Placement chief Christopher M Treanor also resigns, as does William L Rosoff, parent company's general counsel (M)
Alana Davis, a spokeswoman at AOL, part of Time Warner, said BBDO would be its sole agency of record.
General Motors Corp says sales fell 8.5 percent in May, compared with May 1996; car sales dropped 16.6 percent while sales of mini-vans and sport utility vehicles and pickup trucks rose 4.7 percent compared with same period a year ago; Toyota says sales fell 6 percent compared with a year ago, while Honda Motor reports sales rose 4.8 percent, Nissan says sales rose 7.8 percent and Mazda says sales fell 15.1 percent; chart (L)
These remedies would have more of an impact on Microsoft than a fine, because the company has more than $50 billion in cash reserves and has already set some of that aside for covering legal costs.
But Medco will pay Merck a $2 billion ''dividend'' and would face penalties if Zocor's market share through Medco dropped lower than Zocor's national share aside from Medco.
with an integrated, fuel-efficient, low-emissions engine is not the point of the exercise for Cummins or its big rival, Caterpillar, of Peoria, Ill., which is heavily marketing the environmental and performance attributes of its Acert engines.
Motorola said its new chips would allow the elimination of so many components in receivers that radios going on sale next year should cost the same or less than today's premium analog systems.
Verizon has already said it wants to buy out Vodafone, which owns 45 percent of Verizon Wireless.
Under the proposed agreement, he said, Earthlink can buy high-speed access from Time Warner and resell it to Earthlink customers at any price it chooses on its own bill.
VS. MICROSOFT: THE INDUSTRY
To take advantage of the Wal-Mart plan, Ms. Nazarko had her doctor switch her to levothyroxine, a generic version, which now costs her $8 for 60 pills, a two-month supply.
Both men were also named to the board, along with Mr. Murdoch's son, Lachlan Murdoch, who is now managing director of News Ltd. of Australia.
Members of extended Ford Motor Co family will meet Oct 19 in Detroit area for regularly scheduled, twice-yearly meeting, in large part to check up on financial health of company; chairman William Clay Ford Jr has said that on Oct 20, as company reports its third-quarter results, he will disclose new details of his latest plan to restore company; Anne Ford, first cousin of William Ford, says it depressing, referring to auto industry's malaise; photos (M)
Several news media concerns sue GoSMS.com, Web site based in Israel that sends subscribers headlines via cell phone, saying much of content offered by company is being taken without permission from their Web sites; include CNN unit of Time Warner Inc, Washington Post Co, Gannett Inc and New York Times (S)
As he sat crosslegged on the convention floor, Mr. Gervais pulled out his hand-held device, a personal digital assistant called a Cassiopeia, which runs on one of Microsoft's operating systems, Windows CE, which Mr. Gates cited in his speech as a platform of the future.
Boot Camp remains a free download from Apple.com.
The Gap Inc. reached outside the fashion industry yesterday and chose Paul Pressler, an executive at Walt Disney, to become its president and chief executive.
In an E-mail message posted on AT&T's internal communications system on Tuesday afternoon, Robert E. Allen, the company's chairman, wrote: "We can't tell you how many people will be required to operate the new AT&T and the systems and technology company because we don't yet know."
Aetna Inc., the giant health insurer, is expected to announce today that it is buying the health care business of the New York Life Insurance Company for $1.05 billion in cash.
Northrop stock had reached a 52-week high of $139 on Feb. 27, the day after Lockheed Martin and Northrop shareholders approved the combination.
Over the long term, analysts said, Verizon could use its hundreds of thousands of phone booths in major cities from Boston to Honolulu to become one of the nation's most extensive networks of hot spots for wireless Internet connections.
As Microsoft explains in its other submissions today, with (i) no proof of a casual link between Microsoft's conduct and its current market position, (ii) Microsoft's reasonable belief that the conduct at the core of the government's case was legal at the time it occurred, and (iii) Microsoft's significant contributions to consumer welfare and this Nation's economy, the remedy imposed here must be focused and not punitive.
Unisource said it would use the same technical "platform" as World Partners, which is a system developed by AT&T.
Credit and charge card receivables grew smartly in the fourth quarter, even as credit losses continued to decline, a big turnaround from the problems Citigroup has experienced in its card business recently.
To bolster its defense, Microsoft has sought the research materials for an unpublished book, ''Competing on Internet Time: Lessons From Netscape and Its Battle with Microsoft,'' by Michael A. Cusumano, a management professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology's Sloan School, and David B. Yoffie, a professor at the Harvard Business School.
Ms. Gralnek said she was aware that some Manhattan shoppers, seeing all the Target ads in a borough that has no Target stores, have expressed frustration.
Then, 12 days later, Microsoft responded with its own proposal, a short list of narrow restrictions on its behavior, while denouncing the government's plan.
From the end of 1994 through March 31, I.B.M.
Not only may Microsoft lose irreplaceable employees, but third parties may be unwilling to enter into routine business agreements with Microsoft while its continued corporate existence remains in doubt.
In fiscal year 2004, for instance, Option One accounted for $688.5 million of H&R's operating income compared with $638.5 million for its tax business that year.
Chief executive of Warner-Lambert Co, Lodewijk J R de Vink, describes his company's rationale for proceeding with proposed $72 billion merger with American Home Product Corp and spurning hostile, though more lucrative, overture by Pfizer Inc; de Vink says that he met with William C Steere, Pfizer's chairman and chief executive, but that Steere stopped short of making real offer, saying he was involved in another transaction; says he told Steere that Warner-Lambert is not interested, in part because size differential and fit is not in best interest of company or shareholders (M)
Microsoft Nears End of Settlement Talks
Best Buy, the operator of the nation's largest chain of electronics stores, will begin offering AT&T's high-speed Internet and digital cable television services next month.
''The widespread consensus on the importance of sound financial policies combined with a vibrant multiparty democracy provides additional support to continued fiscal discipline,'' Moody's said.
The separate actions were enough to end a hostile standoff between Aventis and Sanofi and start a round of negotiations that led to a $65 billion deal on Sunday, creating the world's third-largest drug maker behind Pfizer of the United States and GlaxoSmithKline of Britain.
The deal also represents a major commitment by NBC's parent, General Electric, to staying in the television business, despite years of speculation that G.E.
The buyer was Alice Walton, a Wal-Mart heir and an American art collector, who reportedly paid more than $35 million for ''Kindred Spirits'' to become part of what is advertised to be a Walton Family Foundation museum arising some years from now in Bentonville, Ark., where Wal-Mart has its headquarters.
Wal-Mart will soon get another chance to deal with organized labor, albeit of a less independent sort.
That is not much of an issue for institutional investors, who have made plenty of money on Comcast's nonvoting stock.
The Government's lead lawyer accused a Microsoft executive of making up evidence at the antitrust trial today, and, after presenting the witness with his own E-mail contradicting his statements, forced him to correct his testimony.
Aetna shares dropped to $60, a two-year low on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday, and rebounded to $61.75 at the close, a drop of $5.1875, following a $3.0625 decline Monday.
The fall began when Procter & Gamble, one of the nation's biggest and best-known companies and one of the 30 stocks in the Dow, said early yesterday that its earnings in the current quarter would come in well below the levels expected by Wall Street analysts.
For one thing, Comcast will be using its deal-breakup fee of $1.5 billion, which one analyst called  found money.
And Home Depot's board appears unlikely to guarantee their next leader's pay upfront.
With Boeing laying off 19,000 machinists over the last decade, the union is eager for Boeing to rehire more American workers rather than move its work overseas.
Microsoft Corp invites about a dozen independent computer security specialists to its headquarters to share detailed research on vulnerabilities in Windows software with its programmers; presentations suggest that while Microsoft still has work to do to secure its programs, it has made progress in slowing deluge of viruses, worms, spam and spyware that plague Windows; David Maynor, Microsoft critic, says company has done good job of addressing conventional computer threats, but warns that mobile devices make today's defense concepts obsolete; photos (M)
While General Electric and analysts and investors sought to play down the significance of Mr. Wendt's departure and the possibility of any changes at GE Capital, the impact of his resignation is unclear.
or Transmeta, another Intel rival.
At a meeting with industry analysts last month, he made the case that Microsoft should still be regarded as a growth company, and noted the flurry of product introductions in the pipeline over the next two years, including new versions of the Windows desktop operating system, Windows server products, programming tools and a new generation of Microsoft's Xbox video game console.
Mr. Ellison said the next step was for the Justice Department to review Oracle's takeover offer.
Daniel Kunstler, an analyst with J.P. Morgan, said he thought Apple gained sales from long-time Macintosh users who had waited until the company's recovery to buy new machines.
Profile of America Online chairman and chief executive, Stephen M Case, who will head new AOL Time Warner; he has survived Internet's accelerated evolution with series of transformations; Time Warner head Gerald M Levin comments on Case's approach (M)
In February, Vivendi agreed to acquire Stream from the News Corporation and Telecom Italia for roughly $600 million.
When Chevron began spending what would become $700 million on the Tengiz oilfields of Kazakstan, its competitors were at best skeptical.
''It is the commission that decides if Microsoft is in compliance with the ruling, not Microsoft,'' said Jonathan Todd, the commission's spokesman on competition matters.
Morgan Stanley Plans Sale of 2 Businesses
In after-hours trading, Pfizer shares rose almost 46 cents, or 1.8 percent, to $25.64.
also expects that profits for its financing arm, the General Motors Acceptance Corporation, will fall slightly this year, ending a seven-year streak of earnings growth.
The Intel Corporation yesterday formally unveiled several new Pentium II microprocessors, including two speedsters that are rated at 350 megahertz and 400 MHz.
Comcast Pulls Disney Bid Off the Table, And Wall Street Breathes a Sigh of Relief
The software from I.B.M., Tivoli Privacy Wizard (at www.tivoli.com/resource_center/maximize/privacy/wizard_code.html), helps companies turn their privacy policies into P3P-readable code.
''I'm not smart enough to say I saw the number porting issue specifically'' as potential big business, said Mr. Evans, who along with partners took the company private in 2002, buying it for $800 million from Verizon Communications, which had inherited TSI as part of the acquisition of GTE.
Pfizer's decision to test the two drugs together will also protect patients from unexpected side effects that could result from the combination, Dr. LaMattina said.
Microsoft's quarterly statements, and the follow-up conference call with securities analysts and reporters, are scrutinized as much for nuance as for numbers.
Boeing said that Bush administration officials had been informed of its partnerships and had indicated their approval, but no one at the news conference here today would answer questions about how they would be received in Europe.
Many e-commerce companies, drained of cash and unable to recapture investor interest after weeks of battering in stock market, are rushing around in search of deal that will help them survive; among agreements announced recently: Peapod Inc, online grocery site is acquired by Royal Ahold, international food retailing giant; Omnicom Group sells its Internet recruiting site Careermosaic.com to rival Headhunter.net; Cybergold Inc, which rewards members with cash or incentives for viewing ads on Web, agrees to be acquired by rival Mypoints.com; Giftcertificates.com acquires Giftspots.com for undisclosed price; photo (M)
Customers signed up by Verizon would have the service fee added to their phone bills and receive service from Verizon.
After rising $2.65, to $119.90 a share in regular trading, I.B.M.
That is more than four times what his stake in Time Warner was worth when he accepted its shares in exchange for his stake in Turner Broadcasting System in 1996.
Health care operating earnings were $140 million, up from $100 million in 1998, but margins for Aetna U.S. Healthcare, excluding Prudential, were down slightly on both Medicare H.M.O.
The Starbucks Coffee Company said yesterday that after only 13 months, it had ended its relationship with BBDO West in Los Angeles.
Seeing the large sporting goods sections in Wal-Mart and the falling price of computers, Mr. Westmoreland began to think that an inexpensive hunting game for PC's could be a winner.
Dell Computer will offer its laptop customers wireless network cards from Intel and the Broadcom Corporation, a chip maker, in its overhauled Latitude and Inspiron computers.
Joan Underwood, a spokeswoman for Lockheed Martin Space Systems, said that even her company would not know the exact reasons for its selection ''until each team is debriefed by NASA in a week or two.''
Netscape, he said, suffered in part because it continued to charge for its browser after Microsoft released its rival program Internet Explorer free -- a perfectly lawful business practice, according to the appeals court.
He said he and his wife used their cards as many as 10 times a month and were preparing to begin their holiday shopping when the American Express cards arrived.
Today's announcement will come slightly more than a week after Citigroup disclosed that it was negotiating to settle a lawsuit brought by the Federal Trade Commission in March 2001, accusing Associates of engaging in ''deceptive marketing practices.''
Correction:  January 24, 2004, Saturday  A chart in Business Day yesterday showing the changes in the size of the work force of the Eastman Kodak Company from 1980 to 2003 carried incorrect figures.
The move will accelerate I.B.M.
The collapse of talks between Microsoft and AOL Time Warner this weekend was rooted in Microsoft's strategy of making its new operating system the tool to provide a wide range of tightly integrated services directly to computer users, an area AOL has dominated for years.
Yahoo's chief executive, Terry Semel, said the deal would help the company in several ways.
IBM chief executive Louis Gerstner Jr, took $5,000 cut in 1996 salary and bonus of nearly $5 million, but incentive pay package grew substantially, to extent that total pay rose by 29.4 percent, to $20.2 million from $15.6 million in 1995 (M)
Ms. Woods said it was META, which is a consultant to many Oracle customers, that had originally given those customers a mistaken interpretation of the Oracle contracts.
At this density, I.B.M.
Most Wall Street firms are enjoying the robust profits that come hand-in-hand with a strong stock market, but Morgan Stanley Dean Witter is enjoying the ride more than most.
The document came from another antitrust suit against Microsoft, and according to a Microsoft lawyer dealt with a suggested list of companies that might receive royalty waivers from Microsoft.
A federal judge found that I.B.M.
The chairman of Bertelsmann A.G., Thomas Middelhoff, said today that he would step down from the board of America Online as a result of its proposed takeover of Time Warner.
Motorola's announcement comes just one week after Blaupunkt, a German radio maker that is part of Robert Bosch, announced the availability of Digiceiver, an analog-to-digital conversion product that is based on another Motorola chip and offers some of the same benefits to listeners.
''We agree with the research they've done to show that there is a different way for girls to play with computers,'' said David Haddad, president of Mattel Media.
Two high-ranking executives at TV Guide magazine are being simultaneously shifted to new positions at News America Marketing, which like TV Guide is owned by the News Corporation.
Last month, Morgan Stanley reported a steep decrease in its earnings because of some wrong bets on the direction of interest rates by its bond traders.
An article in Business Day yesterday about the government's review of the pending merger between Time Warner and America Online referred to a proposed deal between Time Warner and the EMI Group.
''Dan gets it, the board gets it, and Kodak's people get it,'' Ms. Russo said.
Hoping to blunt the effect of Comcast's offer, Disney moved up its announcement of its quarterly earnings before Comcast's news conference began, reporting markedly improved results.
In a statement, Mr. Ivester said, ''That transition is complete, and I am very confident that the Coca-Cola Company is in very good hands under the leadership of Doug Daft and Jack Stahl.''
Representing Microsoft was Richard J. Urowsky; John G. Roberts Jr. presented arguments for the 19 state attorneys general who have sued Microsoft along with the Justice Department.
He noted that in October, when many predicted a slowdown, Microsoft, rather than offering its usual gloom, forecast strong growth.
John Gibson, president of Halliburton's energy services group, recently said in a speech to employees that he favored lifting economic sanctions against Cuba, as well as Libya and Iran.
And because the trial judge in the case stayed the judgment and remedy against Microsoft until appeals are complete, it said, ''it is essential for effective antitrust law enforcement in a critical sector of the nation's economy that the appeal should be concluded expeditiously.''
EBay's Profit Increases 28% But Fails to Impress Wall St.
Tuff Shed, a company in Denver, now makes 50,000 sheds a year, up from 20,000 in 2003, and sells them through its own stores in 21 states and stores like the Home Depot.
To convince consumers that the savings claimed by AT&T's rivals are as evanescent as the 18 minutes missing from a crucial White House tape, the campaign features actors as journalists pursuing Truth with the same dogged determination as Bob Woodward (the neat one, played by Robert Redford in the film version of "All the President's Men") and Carl Bernstein (the messy one, played by Dustin Hoffman).
The chairman of Morgan Stanley, Philip J. Purcell, sent an e-mail message to clients last week, acknowledging what he called an error.
''Life is full of conflicts, real and imagined,'' said Lucas van Praag, a spokesman for Goldman Sachs.
For Time Warner, the purchase will raise the number of its subscribers to 14 million, closing the gap on Comcast, which will then have 23.3 million subscribers.
More recently, Halliburton's stock has dropped after a disclosure that the Securities and Exchange Commission opened an investigation into accounting practices under Mr. Cheney.
At the same time, he added, none of the Kmarts in Arkansas, where Wal-Mart has its headquarters, are expected to close, suggesting that Wal-Mart will have competition closer to home.
Goldman Sachs has maintained market share in some key banking activities -- like equity underwriting and mergers and acquisitions -- during this difficult period.
Japan and Fuji Xerox have a similar arrangement that does include one-stop shopping and revenue-sharing features, and Xerox and I.B.M.
AT&T Wireless, which has also been mentioned as a buyer of VoiceStream, is in talks with Deutsche Telekom about a potential deal, though these negotiations are also in an early stage, a person close to both companies said over the weekend.
Tim Boyd, a Caris & Company analyst, said that eliminating duplication and red tape at Yahoo would be difficult.
On Dec. 20, Standard & Poor's dropped AT&T's credit rating by one notch, costing the company $25 million more a year.
Yesterday, Gap said the chain ''was not demonstrating enough potential to deliver an acceptable long-term return on investment.''
Interpublic, the giant advertising group, postponed its earnings release for a week to give it time to review transactions among its subsidiaries in Europe.
John P. Cahill, the governor's chief of staff, who negotiated with Goldman executives, said that Goldman's decision to build a 43-story tower in Battery Park City ''reinforces Lower Manhattan's position as the financial capital of the world'' and would help the city's effort to keep American Express and Merrill Lynch downtown.
AT&T's Entry Brings a Giant To the Internet
Genuity, last of original Big Three Internet carriers, may filed for bankruptcy; Verizon Communications says it will not rescue Genuity by taking control of company; Verizon, which spun off Genuity two years ago, had been expected to reassume control of company by June 2005, under terms of spinoff; announcement sends Genuity's stock plummeting by 89 percent to close at 29 cents, pushes Genuity into default on $3 billion in loans and raises possibility that company might file for bankruptcy protection within months (M)
Analysts said yesterday that the appointment appeared to place Mr. Willumstad, 56, as the leading candidate to succeed Mr. Weill, 68, and reinforces the importance of the consumer operation, which accounts for half of Citigroup's profits.
The expediting act, thus, enables the government to circumvent an appeals court that has already handed a significant defeat to the government by overturning a Microsoft decision by Judge Jackson and, with the same reasoning, could do it again.
But MCI, the company that emerged from the WorldCom bankruptcy and is led by Michael D. Capellas, deemed Verizon's better balance sheet a better bet than the higher offer -- $7.3 billion -- that Qwest offered late Sunday.
It seems the greater good, not only for the industry but for Microsoft, would be broad consumer enthusiasm for Windows XP.''
Ford Motor Co's Focus model might be most error-prone car in industry; low-cost car, which was introduced in 1999, has had total of 11 safety recalls and is subject of five defect investigations by federal regulators; two new recalls this week, including wiring problem that could in worst-case situations, cause engine fires, raise even more questions; five pending investigations into Focus account for at least 7 percent of entire defect investigation caseload of National Highway Traffic Safety Administration; Ford officials say two latest recalls, which they initiated, will address some of problems, including suspension defect; executives have acknowledged that Focus has had problems since it was brought over from Europe in 1999, but they say newer versions of car are much improved; photo (M)
The News Corporation's digital media subsidiary, which is based in New York, already provides some content to Yahoo.
To further protect itself, Texas Instruments reached an agreement today to sell its computer memory chip business to Micron Technology Inc. for about $641 million in stock plus $190 million in debt.
Microsoft itself should be interested in the cable business, but that company is already an investor in Comcast.
Even loyal iPod users have resisted Apple computers because they are perceived to be expensive and not compatible with the so-called industry standard of personal computers based on Windows and Intel microprocessors.
''The doses described in the manuscript are up to three times the recommended dose,'' said Dr. Darlene Horton, the senior vice president for clinical research for Scios, the Johnson & Johnson unit that makes the product.
Among the conduct guarantees under discussion are proposals to force Microsoft to charge every computer maker the same price for Windows, so that it could not impose higher prices to punish rivals or those that do business with them.
The marquee stars of the Government's antitrust assault on the Microsoft Corporation have been David Boies, the trial lawyer who proved a master at catching Microsoft witnesses off-guard, and Joel I. Klein, the chief of the Justice Department's antitrust division.
That bid, which, at $1.75 billion, is substantially smaller than Oracle's bid for PeopleSoft, is also under review by the Justice Department.
Difficulties American executives have faced in succeeding highly successful corporate chief executives discussed in light of General Electric's naming of Jeffrey R Immelt to succeed chairman and chief executive John F Welch Jr; Immelt is inheriting extraordinarily well-managed company, but faces extraordinary expectations from analysts and investors (M)
Today, the Anti-Defamation League says it has a good working relationship with Yahoo as well as with other online services like America Online.
Competitors portrayed the move by Microsoft as mainly a response to public criticism and to a cool reaction from some potential industry partners, especially major banks, whose credit card operations have a long history with authentication technology.
The banks, including J. P. Morgan Chase and Citigroup, are defendants because shareholders' lawyers say they contributed to Enron's downfall.
Microsoft has opened up the Media Center software so that other companies can plug into it.
Mr. Alexander said he had been hired only by Bechtel and not by either Halliburton or Fluor, the two other major engineering conglomerates that would benefit from the new bill.
The growth is driven in part by the availability of free IM software on the Internet, as companies like Microsoft, AOL and Yahoo use it to lure customers to their other services.
In April, ChevronTexaco, the pipeline's original proponent, announced that it also planned to sell its interests there.
Investors were also encouraged yesterday by Amazon's forecast for the holiday quarter.
Judge Jackson has explained that he spoke to the press because, given the importance and prominence of the Microsoft case, he thought that there was a public interest to be served by speaking to the press about his reasoning.
New York State Atty Gen Eliot Spitzer is conducting inquiry into practices of commercial insurance brokers and payments they receive from insurance companies to promote their coverage; Spitzer is probing possible conflicts of interest, inadequate disclosure and companies that are said to be taking advantage of their customers; insurance brokers that have been subpoenaed are Marsh Inc, Willis Group Holdings, Aon and Kay Insurance Associates (M)
Microsoft designed the Media Center software to be viewed from across the room, using very large type against a pretty blue background.
''By settling this case,'' added Mr. Shapiro, a former senior official in the Justice Department's antitrust division and a consultant to Intel, ''the commission avoids putting the debatable theory behind its complaint to the test.''
But in June 1996, when Compaq wanted to offer the Netscape product instead of Microsoft's browser, most industry experts viewed the browser and operating system as two different software programs.
''The $4 prescription program is absolutely one of the coolest things that we have done in a long time,'' H. Lee Scott Jr., chief executive of Wal-Mart Stores, recently told Wall Street analysts.
A spokesman for Aetna, David Carter, said that as of late yesterday the company had not received a subpoena.
But to those familiar with AT&T's two-year effort to build and sell its Network Notes service, the fault was more with AT&T than with Notes and I.B.M.
The duties had been handled by Laird & Partners in New York, which continues work for the Gap brand in other areas.
Yahoo did not drop Google's listings, but under the new deal, which is no longer exclusive, it does not mention Google's name.
At the same time, Fidelity Investments, Lehman Brothers, Credit Suisse First Boston, Citigroup and a Citigroup unit, Lava Trading, are in advanced talks to create an electronic stock trading platform in Boston, which will be structured similarly to the Boston Options Exchange, according to two people briefed on that plan.
In May, Citigroup agreed to pay $208 million in restitution and fines to settle S.E.C.
McDonald's already had franchises there when Mr. Cantalupo took over international operations in 1987; he did not preside over the initial expansion.
Pepsi-Cola is expected to announce this week that it will replace Coca-Cola as the sponsor there after a competitive bidding process.
MCI will apparently try to expand the market through low prices; A.T.& T. through increased availability of phones, if other manufacturers choose to make systems compatible with A.T.& T.'s.
Two researchers with the consulting and technology services firm Accenture have designed a prototype of a portable computer that not only could help its wearer recall a name at the next cocktail party, but might even think of something witty to say.
Microsoft's juggernaut product, the Windows operating system, did not really take off until 1991, six years after its introduction, when the company delivered Visual Basic, a tool that made it far easier for developers to write Windows programs.
A long-simmering animosity between the two dates from Johnson & Johnson's attempt to buy Boston Scientific in the mid-1990's.
A Procter spokeswoman, Francine Gingras, confirmed that the fashion house would close after a report on the Women's Wear Daily Web site yesterday afternoon.
MCI accepted a sweetened takeover offer of about $7.6 billion from Verizon Communications yesterday, spurning a rival bid of $8.45 billion from Qwest Communications International.
Another executive of his company, speaking on condition of anonymity, said Microsoft had hired Century Strategies to lobby other political candidates as well.
Mr. Ivester also engineered the feat of getting dozens of bottlers, which earn smaller operating profit than the soft-drink marketing business, off Coca-Cola's balance sheet.
and Microsoft are dominant players in Internet commerce, Ariba is a smaller electronic commerce company, based in Mountain View, Calif.
The government gave Apple until Oct. 1 to make changes.
For much of the 1980's and 1990's Nike was on fire.
Morgan Stanley to Offer On-Line Trading to All Its Customers
This time, the issue for the government, according to industry analysts, is whether the Bush administration, having decided against restructuring the software industry by breaking up Microsoft, will have the determination to aggressively police Microsoft's behavior.
Microsoft Acts on Digital Music By Getting Support From Cirrus
That is one reason the Under Armour advertising theme, ''Protect this house,'' has entered the popular-culture vernacular with a zeal and zest recalling the success of Nike's own ''Just do it'' theme.
Executives for Pfizer Inc., the drug giant, fine-tuned their presentation over the weekend as the company prepared to defend its $80 billion hostile takeover bid for Warner-Lambert at a shareholders' meeting tomorrow.
''We watch each other intently,'' said Douglas N. Daft, chairman and chief executive of the Coca-Cola Company, referring to his Progresso, Pepsi-Cola.
That is because there could be a short-term rise in the stock over the next few weeks, after Xerox's expected announcement of the sale of a 25 percent stake in Fuji Xerox, its joint venture with Fuji Photo Film.
The low end of the product spectrum is filled by Motorola's Talkabout T900, which comes in black, aqua, dark blue or red plastic.
Mr. Knight emphasized today that using objective observers to monitor working conditions would serve not just Nike, but eventually American industry in general, by ''giving the American consumer an assurance that those products are made under good conditions.''
Sales of the stents could approach those of Johnson & Johnson's most popular product, the Procrit/Eprex anemia drug.
In the first quarter of this year, according to survey data collected by Jupiter Research, a market research firm based in New York, RealNetworks' RealOne Player had a 29.1 percent share of media players, while Microsoft's Windows Media Player had a 28.2 percent share.
In addition, Microsoft said yesterday that it had come under attack this week.
Citigroup told Senate investigators that it closed those accounts in the mid-1990's when it found out otherwise.
The president and chief executive of Kellogg, David Mackay, said that the products that did not meet the guidelines would either be reformulated so that they did, or no longer be advertised to children.
''There is no question that Microsoft's monopoly inhibits the ability to compete in parts of the market -- specifically on the desktop,'' he said.
Mr. Evslin said AT&T would not widely market the new services until the trials indicated that "the service is up to the quality people expect from AT&T."
''We investigated the allegations, and we found no support for them,'' said Carol Goodrich, a spokeswoman for Johnson & Johnson.
Intel said today that it had no intention of lowering its pressure any time soon, even though it expects declining product prices to lower gross margins one percentage point this quarter, to 47 percent.
Lower Bid For Music Unit Could Tempt Time Warner
Instead, Intel said it would shift to dual-core development, a strategy that A.M.D.
Out of Retirement and Into the Boardroom; 'New' Chief at Boeing Has Been There Before
State medical associations of California, Georgia and Texas join individual doctors from seven states in federal lawsuit that accuse eight health insurers, including Aetna Inc and Cigna Corp, of engaging in 'pattern of racketeering activity' to deny necessary medical care; state organizations, which represent more than 75,000 doctors, contend that insurers used 'cost-based criteria to approve or deny claims' for payment and have offered cash incentives to claim reviewers who would deny or limit tests and treatments that doctors felt were necessary (M)
Deb Gotheimer, an I.B.M.
Despite the problems, she said, Amazon's site looks like it improves on the apparel sections of the major portals -- America Online, Yahoo and Microsoft's MSN.
A spokesman for Time Warner could not be reached.
Mr. Moonves has increasingly emphasized CBS's role as content provider, saying the network intends to be a supplier of programming, whether it be delivered to homes free via the television or through paid downloads.
H. Lee Scott Jr., Wal-Mart's chief executive, called the chief executive of The New York Times, Janet L. Robinson, early yesterday to explain the situation and apologize, Ms. Williams said.
In part, Microsoft is trying to shift to selling software through subscriptions rather than through individual retail purchases, a step Microsoft has long hoped to take.
Amgen receives Food and Drug Administration approval for new version of anemia drug Aranesp that requires fewer injections (M)
In the regulatory filing, called an 8-K, Interpublic disclosed that the ''culpable employees'' had been or will be fired, ''or are otherwise no longer with the company.''
A close look at Microsoft's no-holds-barred push into the Internet software business offers a window into the ways the company uses its market muscle to influence the behavior of virtually every player in the industry.
Three-year labor contracts with DaimlerChrysler, Ford and the General Motors Corporation expire on Sept. 14, and the auto industry is busily negotiating new contracts with the union.
Frost at Motorola said.
Wal-Mart is one of the largest retail advertisers in the country, spending close to a billion dollars on advertising last year, according to TNS Media Intelligence, a research firm.
''The dismantlement of Microsoft is not a cure-all to break the monopoly of Windows, but at least it sheds light on the general contempt for Microsoft's practices,'' wrote a user identified as Erion.
Federal Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson's findings that Microsoft Corp is monopoly that has stifled competition has left crop of presidential candidates speechless; Vice Pres Al Gore, former Sen Bill Bradley and Gov George W Bush decline comment; Sen John McCain cannot be reached for comment (M)
Shares of Intel rose 25 cents, to $16.11.
Ed Hatch, who follows the News Corporation and Liberty Media for SG Cowen, said he liked the deal because it should help the News Corporation  rapidly deploy the programming guides on the digital satellite platforms that it is consolidating around the world.
For weeks, Wall Street wondered whether Moody's Investors Service, Standard & Poor's and Fitch's, the three major agencies rating corporate debt, would drop Enron's rating below investment grade.
Specifically, Microsoft successfully pressured Intel, which was dependent in many ways on Microsoft's good graces, to abstain from aiding in Sun's and Netscape's Java development work.
''If they can move it into production this early,'' he said, referring to I.B.M., ''that is certainly more aggressive than we and others had anticipated.''
Or, as Don Sylvester, a former Corel official, put it in an interview while he was still with the company in 1998: ''It's clear to us that Microsoft isn't the competition anymore.
The Northrop Grumman Corporation videotaped a mechanic whose job was to apply about 70 feet of tape to the B-2 bomber.
''We now feel we have a better product, and we can market to consumers based on the differentiation of our product,'' said Bob Visse, Microsoft's director of marketing.
The move will allow Cingular to keep pace with Verizon Wireless, the second-largest wireless phone company, which has the fastest data network, industry analysts say.
today seeks to blame Intel is actually a direct result of A.M.D.
A.T.& T.'s smart card is read in an A.T.M.
This past September, AT&T announced that it would spin off the company, which it had renamed AT&T Global Information Solutions, as part of a broader plan to split itself into three separately owned companies.
That pricing structure gives Verizon a $5 to $10 price advantage over the cable services and is comparable to prices offered by SBC Communications, which reported 2.5 million D.S.L.
Sales, as expected, fell off from the holiday quarter, when Apple sold 14 million iPods.
Coca-Cola Co and plaintiffs in class-action discrimination lawsuit against company say that Alexis M Herman, former labor secretary, will be chairwoman of panel that will oversee company's diversity efforts; seven-member panel, created by terms of settlement of suit, has power to make binding recommendations about how company hires, promotes and evaluates employees who are women or minorities; photo (M)
Procter & Gamble in Cincinnati, the worldwide marketer of popular brands like Crest, Pampers, Pringles and Tide, and Worldwide Magnifi in Los Gatos, Calif., a Web-based provider of infrastructure and applications for the marketing and advertising industries, said yesterday that they were forming a company that will offer marketing knowledge, applications and technology infrastructure to other companies.
LONG before his company celebrated its 2002 stock-market debut, and long before he learned that millions of customers also meant head-to-head competition with the likes of Blockbuster and Wal-Mart Stores, Reed Hastings was just another small-business man fretting his way through the 1998 holiday season, wondering if his 14-month-old start-up would survive the winter.
Ford Motor Co is closing sales gap with General Motors Co, which has been biggest automaker in US and world since 1931, and is expected to become largest automaker in world in next few years; graph; photos (M)
When you log in to Netflix.com, you see a new tab called Watch Now.
Marcella McCall, a Verizon employee, was accused of using corporate credit cards for nonbusiness purposes and of writing almost $100,000 in bad checks to cover those expenses, the police said.
Gene Munster, an analyst at Piper Jaffray, said that Apple's consumers were probably not going to give up their Windows PC's but might buy a Macintosh as an additional computer for entertainment.
Three days later, Wal-Mart decided the agency search process had been tainted by the pair's behavior and should be reopened, according to people briefed on the matter.
''The future is Web-based computing, and that is not where Microsoft's core competence is.''
Still, some experts say Pfizer is also too quick to drop partners or drugs when things do not go right.
Last year, Microsoft was ordered to introduce a version of Windows that excluded Media Player, the company's music and video-playing program.
Besides added revenue from iPod sales, Mr. Jobs said the move should also help introduce Windows users to Apple's clever and stylish designs, thus encouraging more PC users to switch to Macintosh computers.
To preserve Citigroup's flexibility in paying for an acquisition, Mr. Weill ''needs to get the stock price up first,'' Mr. Finucane said.
Last year, Boeing's military unit had revenue of $12.5 billion, while its space and communications unit had revenue of $10.4 billion.
Cisco's accusations against Huawei brought into the limelight a company long used to the low-key ways of its founder and president, Ren Zhengfei.
If carried out, the split would break Mr. Purcell's grip on Morgan Stanley.
''You can say that since the beginning, Coca-Cola has presented real contradictions,'' said one French official involved in the investigation.
Microsoft said it had no plans to raise prices now.
In fact, opponents have collected more than 2,000 signatures protesting the proposed CVS from this hilly Catskills town of 6,241 and the surrounding areas, said Brian Shapiro, a town councilman.
And Comcast's chief executive, Brian L. Roberts, has been every bit as determined as Mr. Eisner to build his company into a media powerhouse.
A spokesman for Boeing said the company would have no immediate comment on the Pentagon action.
The move, said Michael Dearing, an eBay senior vice president and general merchandise manager, is an acknowledgment that eBay sellers, large and small, are increasingly looking to sell in many locations
Boeing's former financial chief, Michael M. Sears, was sentenced last year to four months in prison for ethics violations for offering a job to a former Air Force official, Darleen Druyun.
A.T.& T. increasingly has been using perhaps 20,000 temporary workers, who, the unions contend, are permanent workers in everything but name and expensive union benefits.
Judge Jackson, who cited the company's appeal of the landmark antitrust lawsuit as the reason for recusing himself, took one last shot at Microsoft, saying the company had an ''institutional disdain for both the truth and for rules of law that lesser entities must respect.''
With interest rates climbing and demand for stock offerings reviving, some buyout firms will try to take their holdings public in the coming weeks, Mr. Jones of Morgan Stanley said.
Bit by bit, the sales chipped away at the price of Cisco's 7.3 billion shares.
And in recent months investors have been willing to pay far more for America Online's growth prospects than for Time Warner's cash flow.
Halliburton shares closed yesterday at $18.50, about a third of its $54.68 peak in September 2000.
World Business Briefing
Motorola, however, has attributed much of its slowdown to the ''continuing impact of adverse business conditions in Asia and weakness in semiconductors and paging products on a worldwide basis.''
Similar integration with Microsoft's Office software means that Via Voice users can now operate their computers entirely by voice commands, although Ozzie Osborne, I.B.M.
Mr. Stobaugh said that the awards to individual employees would be paid in cash and would be based in part on how long they worked at Microsoft.
Representatives of Ray Charles Enterprises, Starbucks and Concord said they had not seen the complaint and could not comment.
The Cube was acquired for the Modern's design collection, along with six other Apple products, shortly before Apple announced the Cube's demise.
It was unclear, however, which operations are about to be abandoned, although Citigroup certainly does not enjoy the advantage of size in businesses like mortgage lending and student loans.
Mr. Sampat of Intel is a naturalized American citizen who returned to India less than a year ago, after 17 years with Intel in Portland, Ore., and 3 after that in Singapore.
Pfizer, the drug maker, said yesterday that Exubera, an inhaled insulin powder that it was developing with Sanofi-Aventis and Nektar Therapeutics, worked as well as injectable insulin in a study of 226 patients.
A CONTEST offering a reward for proof that Amazon.com did not originate the idea behind its ''one-click'' patent ended last week without finding a clear winner.
IBM and Diveo Broadband Networks, Internet infrastructure provider, agree on five-year pact to offer Web hosting services in Latin America; companies say deal is worth $120 million; IBM contracts for Web-hosting centers in Buenos Aires, Sao Paulo and Mexico City; in turn, Diveo hires IBM Global Services to manage operations of data centers (S)
The Starbucks Coffee Company reported $4.1 billion in consolidated net revenue for fiscal 2003, which ended Sept. 28.
By hiring Gary L. Crittenden, Citigroup is hoping that a seasoned chief financial officer will bring the credibility and operational expertise needed to reverse the bank's disappointing performance.
Fortunately for News Corporation investors, the WebMD stock debacle, while serving as an Internet cautionary tale, does not have a material impact on the company balance sheet.
Most non-Apple digital music players, like those produced by Samsung, Creative and Archos, allow WMA songs, while most online music merchants, like Rhapsody from RealNetworks, Music Now from America Online and Napster, sell songs in that format.
But analysts say that Apple must create consistent sales growth if the company is to retain the support of software developers whose programs are crucial to the company's success.
''Microsoft has decided to forgo its right to appeal,'' the company said in a statement.
Verizon Directories generated $1.03 billion in profit last year.
But with the focus now turning to a cool assessment of the testimony, evidence and law, Microsoft's legal team insists that the advantage is shifting to their side.
In his technical presentation on Sunday to an audience of several hundred people at the conference, called Def Con, Mr. Sklyarov argued that the security behind Adobe's widely used Acrobat Portable Document Format, known as PDF, is inherently flawed.
Morgan Stanley declined to comment.
Shareholders Voice Anger Toward Interpublic
Selling the gas to China would represent a radical turn for the project, and Mr. Nakagawa assured reporters at a news conference Tuesday that the talks did ''not mean Exxon Mobil picked China.''
The chief financial officer, Andy Bryant, said that ''2004 was a year of growth for Intel,'' attributing the strength of its product line to a successful holiday selling season for computers and digital devices as well as a continued expansion of spending by corporations.
But even as AT&T cited the Internet as a reason to cancel Network Notes, several competing services have experienced strong growth, and Lotus has signed  up 14 other telecommunications and computer companies around the world to offer  Notes networks.
By the end of the decade, the magnitude of Monsanto's error in abandoning its slow, velvet-glove strategy of the 1980's was apparent.
VeriSign -- which is the Internet's dominant provider of registration services for the so-called top-level domains of .com, .net and .org -- said it was cooperating with the inquiry.
Near the end of 1999, the channel sold $14 in computers, software, services and other additional products with every $1 they sold in Cisco networking equipment, according to Global Touch, a market research and consulting firm in Berkeley, Calif. By December, the additional products had dwindled to $3.70 for each $1 in Cisco gear.
Natalia Toro, a 14-year-old senior at Fairview High School in Boulder, Colo., was the youngest of the 40 finalists in the 1999 Intel Science Talent Search.
Paul Ballew, the general director of global market and industry analysis at General Motors, said today, ''There are clear signs of moderation.''
EBay, another Internet giant, likewise has no customer-service number listed on its site.
Kodak no longer makes film cameras.
Downtown landlords here are in an uproar over a measure that would allow a public subsidy for a proposed new 60-story headquarters building for Comcast, the giant cable company that wants to take over the Walt Disney Company.
China's fledgling Internet companies have pasted on brave faces last two days, ever since Information Min Wu Jichuan said that foreign shares in companies providing Internet content or services are illegal; no one believes Wu intends to force dissolution of dozens of young, frontier companies that have attracted foreign funds from giants like Intel as well as from individuals and venture capital groups; foreigner ownership has never been allowed in Internet service providers; among best known portals in China are SINA.com and Sohu.com, and both have substantial foreign investment; another pioneer, Sparkice I-Com, which runs Internet Cafis, an Internet access provider, has outside investors, too (M)
Until yesterday, financial analysts surveyed by First Call/Thomson Financial, a financial research firm, had predicted that Verizon would earn $3.15 a share this year and the company's own guidance had been that it would show per-share earnings growth of 13 to 15 percent in 2001.
Robert E. Rubin, the former Treasury secretary who is chairman of Citigroup's executive committee, received about $17 million in cash stock and options, down from about $18.4 million in 2002.
Mr. McAdams acknowledged that he worked from Wal-Mart's links and that he did not disclose his contact with Mr. Manson.
Still, most analysts shrugged off  rumors that Xerox would be taken over.
He continued taking Vioxx until shortly before Merck stopped selling the drug in September 2004.
Philippe Krakowsky, an executive vice president at Interpublic, said, ''We were disappointed to hear of Wal-Mart's decision.''
Sony plans to draw upon AT&T's vast data base of long-distance service users in its marketing plans for Magic Link, which include direct sales to business and sales through selected retail stores.
Because the I.B.M.
In addition, CBS will reach into a couple of new areas for drama: one show is about a brain surgeon who is dealing with his own deteriorating mind.
He once received a complaint, he said, about a Yahoo club called Skins on Skates.
A combination would create a behemoth with a value of roughly $60 billion and leave News Corporation the largest single shareholder.
Comcast had effectively bought the advice and the silence of the banks' market-moving star analysts -- people like Richard A. Bilotti at Morgan Stanley, Jessica Reif Cohen at Merrill Lynch and Tod Jacobs at J. P. Morgan.
The I.B.M.
Oxford Health Plans and Aetna Inc report weak financial results for third quarter; Oxford lost $78 million compared with profit of $26.6 million in year-earlier period; revenue rose 31 percent, to $1.06 billion; Aetna, which has struggled to integrate US Healthcare business it bought last year, says net income dropped $4.6 million, to $117.8 million; charts (L)
They include opening so-called pop-up stores, which remain in business only a few weeks; decorating the outsides of office buildings with oversize Target billboards; and hiring acrobats and dancers last month to walk down the side of 30 Rockefeller Center in a ''vertical fashion show.''
The Gypsies are basing their case largely on accusations in a controversial book by Edwin Black, ''I.B.M.
I.B.M.
Pfizer is parting ways with Deutsch after the failure of a yearlong effort to renegotiate the compensation agreement.
AT&T Worldnet Growing
There was little dread in the bright, green-carpeted employee lounge of the Cigna Corporation as executives of the insurance giant gathered here watch President Clinton's health care speech on Wednesday night.
But in forging a merger with Time Warner, the No.
''I think it would be more distracting to have a book tagged,'' Amazon's Mrs. Morouse said.
Even Mr. Hastings admits that the convenience of downloading will eventually make the exclusive rights deals disappear and give Netflix some real competition.
To move quickly into the top ranks in those highly competitive but potentially lucrative financial services, Bank of America may have to make more acquisitions.
The I.B.M.
in the United States, I.B.M.
For the quarter that ended on Nov. 30, Oracle reported earnings of $187 million, or 19 cents a share, up 4 percent from $179 million, or 18 cents a share, in the corresponding period a year earlier.
''We may get a day's notice even with our strong relationship with Apple,'' Mr. Humphrey said.
Eventually, Johnson & Johnson made five significant changes to Propulsid's warning label and sent five letters to doctors across the country.
In a statement, a spokeswoman for the F.D.A., Kathleen Quinn, said that the agency was barred, as a matter of policy, from confirming or denying that it had held discussions with Merck about the project.
Kodak recently shifted the Advantix account to Ogilvy, also owned by WPP; the spending to introduce Advantix has been estimated at $75 million to $100 million.
In June, a demand by Mr. Trimble and his lawyers prompted Amazon to withdraw ''The Committee'' from its site in Britain, though the book is still on sale at a lower price on its American site.
ImClone Systems and Bristol-Myers Squibb, under criticism from cancer patients for not moving swiftly enough, say they will soon begin several clinical trials aimed at winning approval for their drug Erbitux; says they hope to begin program by end of year to provide drug to desperately ill cancer patients who are not in trial; clinical trials of Erbitux have been in limbo since December, when Food and Drug Administration refused to review ImClone's application to sell drug, saying it had found many deficiencies with previous clinical trial (M)
That followed a decision in September by Merck to withdraw Vioxx after years of insisting that it was safe.
A Fresh Approach to Marketing For Procter's 'Fresh Approach to Laundry'
Meanwhile, the European Union Commission, which is continuing its review of the deal for its impact on the European software market, may submit to Oracle a statement of objections within the next few days or weeks.
Before Cisco announced its results, its shares closed at $18.24, up 8 cents.
''I wouldn't be surprised to see more of these stories come out as Boeing and the airlines have discussions and the news leaks,'' said Peter S. Jacobs, an analyst with the brokerage firm Ragen MacKenzie Inc. in Seattle.
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter is expanding its relationship with Leo Burnett USA by awarding agency new assignment, to create worldwide campaigns for Morgan Stanley brand; AXA Financial names New York office of TBWA/Chiat/Day to handle its advertising account; billings estimated at $15 million; account had been handled by Seiter & Miller Advertising; Road Runner selects New York office of Bartle Bogle Hegarty to handle its advertising account, with billings estimated at $15 million; account had been handled by Shepardson Stern & Kaminsky (M)
Although the deal would make Bank of America almost three times as big as Citigroup in American consumer banking, it would still trail Citigroup in businesses like investment banking and money management.
Stung by a chorus of critics who said that its software code was increasingly buggy and vulnerable to attack, Microsoft began sending its programmers to a special course in writing secure software.
Microsoft, however, has protected its software with copyright and patents, and fears that by allowing open-source developers to distribute and publish so-called protocols within Windows it will lose control of its intellectual property.
He said he would appeal to Goldman Sachs to allow him to sell his stock more quickly than the three-to-four-year timetable stipulated in the contract.
''The music labels do not want Apple to have control of the download space, and although they won't say it, they are very, very concerned about the lack of growth of digital music.''
In after-hours trading, I.B.M.
Christie's, which is owned by Pinault-Printemps-Redoute of France, is said to be in negotiations with other on-line companies to form an alliance similar to that of Amazon-Sotheby's, but a spokeswoman at Christie's would say only that it was going ahead with its site as planned.
''Over the course of Goldman Sachs's history it will get higher as the firm grows.''
And National has not been selling its shares in CBS, in part because that company has not been buying back its stock.
New radio tagging technology Wal-Mart had demanded that its top suppliers adopt by start of 2005 is not yet ready to meet needs of either Wal-Mart or its suppliers; most suppliers have yet to figure out inexpensive ways to automate printing and application of tags, which broadcast snippet of code identifying goods to which they are attached in response to query signals from scanning devices called readers; read rates are improving, but no one who uses technology has systems that can reliably read data 100 percent of time; Wal-Mart says rate is about 60 percent in its stores; data currently is not integrated well enough with other technology to initiate changes in manufacturing or shipping schedules that could offer enough savings to justify investment; analysts say suppliers are cooperating with Wal-Mart, while, as much as possible, delaying investment; photos (M)
rival in storage systems for big computers, announced that it would purchase $3 billion of I.B.M.
On June 28, 1990, Mr. Gates wrote a letter to Mr. Grove trying to convince the Intel executive that he should back a version of Windows for portable computers, then code-named Windows-H, rather than Go's PenPoint software.
EUROPEAN COMMISSION CLEARS CARNIVAL'S BID FOR P&O
If both AT&T and Comcast share prices remain unchanged until the deal is completed, AT&T may wish it had gone for a bigger reverse split.
Microsoft says the browser is not a separate product but an ''integrated feature'' of Windows.
Citigroup has already established its bond-selling prowess.
Mr. LeMay, who returned to Sprint, the telecommunications giant, has not discussed his about-face, but others have attributed it to his discovery that Waste Management's problems ran deeper than he expected.
Under the deal's complex terms, News Corporation spent $100 million for two million shares of WebMD stock at $50 a share.
When the government submitted its proposed remedies two weeks ago, it warned that Microsoft was again on the march.
''Despite our best marketing efforts,'' said Ronald B. Woodard, president of Boeing's commercial aircraft division, ''it became clear to us that there simply was not enough customer interest in either the passenger or freighter versions of this airplane to justify keeping the production line open.''
Wachovia Corp is acquiring Prudential Financial's brokerage division; transaction will not involve any payment by Wachovia and will give bank 62 percent stake in new brokerage company, to be known as Wachovia Securities; Prudential will retain 38 percent share; Wachovia chief executive G Kennedy Thompson, president Donald A McMullen and Prudential chairman John R Strangfeld Jr comment (M)
''There is a spectrum of corporate behavior on global warming and Exxon is the epitome of denial and deception,'' Mr. Davies said.
Indeed, Mr. Ivester, in a reference to Coca-Cola's global expansion, said, ''We strive to see not just the many places Coke is, but all the places Coke is not.''
With a Comcast takeover no longer a threat, however, the board no longer has a reason to delay tackling the management issue, investors and analysts said.
He also acknowledged that months of discussions with Microsoft and Apple Computer about using their operating system software for his computer had been fruitless, and that as a result, the laptops would use a version of Linux, the open-source operating system.
''We need a Subway in there instead of a McDonald's,'' said Cheryl Victorian, a 39-year-old package receiver at a Wal-Mart near Houston who, pressed for time, frequently eats breakfast and lunch at the McDonald's in her store.
The Home Café campaign began appearing last week in Boise, Idaho, which Procter and the agency are using ''as a learning market,'' said Tod Seisser, chief creative officer at Saatchi & Saatchi New York.
Nonprofit Software Freedom Law Center, backed by $4 million in initial financing from corporate consortium, will provide advice from specialists that is intended to minimize risk that developers and users of free software will be sued; founders say center will focus on helping leaders of open-source software projects organize and manage their work in ways that anticipate and avoid potential legal pitfalls; suit against IBM, seeking $1 billion, is largely responsible for legal concerns surrounding open-source software; SCO Group has accused IBM of contributing code to Linux that SCO legally controlled; IBM has denied accusations (M)
A Microsoft official called that view unfair.
A year ago, the top executives of Time Warner said that 2003 would be a ''reset year'' when AOL would continue to sink, without hinting how far it might fall.
Growing delays in rail traffic since Union Pacific Railroad became nation's largest railway have cost Texas businesses $762 million, and losses could climb to $1.3 billion; report comes as Texas Railroad Commission seeks to force Union Pacific to give other railroads access to Houston market by selling about 250 miles of track there to association of carriers; Texas, with more than one-sixth of Union Pacific's miles of track, may be faring worst in congestion that has resulted from Union Pacific's merger with Southern Pacific Rail Corp last year (M)
''Whole Foods is a trendsetter, and it can make a real contribution to supporting agriculture.''
Electronic Arts, for example, put off release of a game called Godfather, based on the movie, from the holiday season to the spring.
In his first speech to Coca-Cola executives as president in 1994, Mr. Ivester cited a statement that Ray Kroc, the founder of the McDonald's Corporation, is supposed to have made -- namely, that if he saw a competitor drowning, he ''would get a live hose and put it in his mouth.''
On April 6, 1994, Mr. Gates and 20 Microsoft executives gathered for a daylong retreat not far from the company's headquarters in Redmond, Wash.
Market Place column on bidding war for MCI; Verizon must now decide how to respond to Qwest's sweetened bid, which topped its bid by 30 percent and forced even MCI board to recognize it as superior; has right to let MCI's shareholders vote on its proposed merger and is entitled to penalty if MCI terminates deal (M)
Albany's budgetary dysfunction is one reason that Moody's Investors Service has given New York a lower credit rating than any state except Louisiana.
Executives close to the process cautioned that Wal-Mart had only expressed an interest and had not yet begun any diligence or held any substantive talks.
P&O Princess Rejects Carnival's Higher Bid
Mr. Weill, who rarely brooks challenges to his authority, edgily teases Mr. Rubin about his campaign against tax cuts, which has prompted Citigroup brokers to write irate e-mails about affronted clients.
A look at the five decades he has spent buying, running and selling newspapers suggests two things.
Even more important, Comcast has convinced at least some major players in the technology world that it really means business about broadband.
work to OgilvyOne from Wunderman was a ''tough choice,'' Ms. Fudge wrote in her memo, softened by the decision of I.B.M.
A Corning spokesman, Paul Rogoski, said there might be more job cuts, ''but nothing's on the boards right now.''
SAP representatives supported Oracle's bid on the ground that the business software market was highly competitive.
The new unit could quickly make I.B.M.
The Ford Motor Company told employees on Tuesday that it was changing a performance ranking system for managers that had become the subject of a growing number of lawsuits.
Three of largest mutual fund companies--FMR, parent of Fidelity funds; Janus Capital; and Putnam Investments--led exodus from Cisco Systems in first quarter, selling more than 250 million shares, or 3.5 percent of its outstanding shares; sales were factor in Cisco's decline to low of $13.63 in early April from $42.63 in late January; chart (M)
Pfizer agreed yesterday to pay $100 million now and as much as $645 million later for the rights to a drug being developed by a tiny New York biotechnology company to treat two leading causes of blindness.
The executive, Mitchell Kertzman of Liberate Technologies, was the 10th witness to testify on behalf of nine states and the District of Columbia, which are seeking broader curbs on Microsoft than the Justice Department proposed after an appeals court ruled that Microsoft had repeatedly broken antitrust laws.
Citigroup never replaced the large blocks of office space it lost in the attack on the World Trade Center.
Morgan Stanley's revenue from investment banking fell 30 percent from a year ago, to $675 million, and its revenue from advising companies on mergers and acquisitions was down 35 percent, to $292 million.
A few months ago, the National Football League signed an exclusive deal with Electronic Arts, an event that was a major blow to Take-Two Interactive, which had hoped to gain some N.F.L.
Like Marsh in its settlement, Aon also agreed to several steps intended to prevent the company from repeating the offenses that led to the settlement.
Investors, who had been expecting the company to forecast a decline, bid up Motorola's shares by more than 4 percent, to $22.13.
In the quarter ended March 31, Apple lost another $708 million.
But as the prospects for a deal became more promising, jittery investors feared that Procter earnings would suffer because of it.
Citigroup, though, enjoyed an unusually symbiotic relationship with the company, largely because of Mr. Grubman's relentless advocacy on WorldCom's behalf.
And, while owning a McDonald's was once a sure-fire moneymaker, many of the company's franchisees have voiced disappointment with lower profits, expensive new cooking systems and strained relations with management.
''I'd like to commend the Chinese government for their commitment to open Chinese markets,'' said Phil Murtaugh, chairman and chief executive of the General Motors China Group, at a news conference Wednesday before a signing ceremony with Chinese officials.
Nine states and the District of Columbia are demanding that Microsoft pay for its antitrust violations by submitting to a broad range of restraints aimed at restoring the competition in the market for PC operating system software.
The machine was often slow to reboot, leaving an I.B.M.
Hoping to Be a Model, I.B.M.
Procter's stock plummeted from the start, hitting a low of $94.8125 by mid-morning yesterday, down 8.2 percent from Friday's close and 19 percent since last week.
John C. Rother, policy director of AARP, which represents millions of Medicare beneficiaries, praised the companies' efforts to help low-income people but said that Merck's plan might help more people than the discount card.
Coca-Cola has a 71 percent market share in Mexico, according to Mr. Sicher.
In early December, the News Corporation's chief financial officer, David F. DeVoe, and a senior adviser, Arthur Siskind, went to Denver with Mr. Malone, who is Liberty's chairman, and its president, Robert R. Bennett, to discuss a possible asset swap.
Perhaps most important to Magic Link's market prospects is its use of the Telescript intelligent-agent technology in AT&T's PersonaLink network, without which the Sony device may be limited in its appeal.
Analysis of Federal Trade Commission's antitrust suit against Intel Corp; says odd feature of complaint is that it accuses Intel of victimizing putative rivals that are also customers; holds in separate instances involving Intergraph Corp, Compaq Computer and Digital Equipment Corp, Intel Corp is accused of withhholding technical data about its processors from companies that were designing computers around Intel chips; says what will make Government's case difficult is that only one of those companies--Digital--ever seriously competed with Intel; adds information that Intel freely acknowledges it withheld from those companies may have had no direct bearing on competition in chip industry (M)
Comcast Reported In Talks for Channel
Industry giants including Intel, I.B.M., Infineon Technologies, Motorola and Texas Instruments all have their own efforts under way in one or another facet of reconfigurable chip design.
Aetna said recently that it would close unprofitable Medicare H.M.O.
Last year, Toys ''R'' Us lost $18 million on $376 million in sales on the Amazon site, the company said.
The disclosed information will have to be updated each time Microsoft brings to the market new versions of its relevant products.
As part of Micron's ''New Rules, New Tools'' campaign, Mr. Rosenfelt is trying to persuade college athletic officials to change the rules and replace the coin toss with a game of paper, scissors, stone.
So over the last year, Procter has moved aggressively to forge relationships with the online grocers Webvan Group Inc. and HomeGrocer.com Inc.
106, A.T.& T. does not have to set aside new money, but must report the sum as a charge against earnings.
''It will essentially remove the obvious ways a user can gain access to the Web browser system,'' said the expert, David Cole, a Microsoft vice president.
The question now is how much the dispute will hurt Time Warner as it tries to conclude its merger with America Online.
Mattel declined to comment on the case.
At a hearing in Salt Lake City on Sept. 28, Microsoft requested that Caldera be served with a contempt order, claiming it was illegally sharing confidential information safeguarded by protective order.
Intel Corp and Digital Equipment Corp end five months of bitter legal wrangling over patent infringement suit brought by Digital; Intel agrees to buy Digital Equipment's semiconductor manufacturing operations for $700 million and to pay royalties as part of broad settlement of suit; Digital will retain ownership of its proprietary Alpha microprocessor, which Intel agrees to manufacture, but Digital also commits itself to developing computers built around next generation of Intel chips, which will compete directly with Alpha; two sides enter into 10-year cross-licensing agreement that would allow them to use each others' design patents, although only Intel will pay royalties; antitrust experts doubt that Federal Trade Commission will approve accord, noting that agency is already investigating Intel's near monopoly of microprocessor market (M)
Raymond O'Rourke, a spokesman for Morgan Stanley, said the firm was ''gratified that the court significantly limited the E.E.O.C.
Amazon.com hasn't yet entered the DVD rental business, but prices are tumbling even at the prospect.
The stock decline reduces the total value of Bank of America's offer for FleetBoston to $42.5 billion, compared with the $48 billion value of the deal based on the closing price of Bank of America's shares on Friday.
In trading yesterday, shares of PeopleSoft rose 19 cents to $17.98, disproving analysts' conclusions that the stock price should have fallen on the belief that the strong results made it harder for Oracle to pursue the takeover.
NBC, a subsidiary of General Electric, became the latest example of a large entertainment company to push into the emerging space for Web portals, only to find that its name brand failed to lure Internet users away from the smaller companies who entered the space first.
The order, worth about $1.5 billion, would insure the future of the 717, a short-range plane developed by McDonnell Douglas before Boeing  bought the one-time rival last year.
Mr. Korsen, the chief marketing officer at Avrett Free, was named in April to lead G Media, which was Interpublic's second effort at a new media agency.
Vanessa McGowan, a spokeswoman for Pfizer, said: ''We complied with F.D.A.
Finally, the employees say that when they call a toll-free number they are told is for the Halliburton Benefits Center, they talk to people from Hewitt Associates.
Just as open-source software is improved and debugged by a far-flung network of people looking at the code and spotting flaws, I.B.M.
Ellie, 14, at once voted for the jump to CBS, pointing out that mealtime was certainly no problem because, thanks to her mother's unusual schedule, they had been eating ''early-bird dinners'' for their entire lives, while almost everyone else they knew did not sit down to eat until 7 or 7:30.
The Ford Motor Company expects Toyota of Japan to unseat it for good next year as the No.
In one swoop, Citigroup would become the fifth-biggest consumer finance company in Japan, the world's second-biggest market for consumer lending, Mr. Weill said.
A statement by the technician, Mark Klein, and several company documents he saved after retiring in 2004, were filed on Wednesday in a class-action lawsuit against AT&T.
"AT&T still has to catch MCI.
Though Stephen B. Burke, the executive vice president who would oversee Disney's creative businesses, is highly regarded, Comcast does not have enough other experienced managers in the creative business, said Richard Greenfield, a media analyst at Fulcrum Global Partners.
Despite efforts to sell more high-end routers to telecommunications providers, Cisco has been unable to match the dominance it enjoys in selling midrange and low-end equipment to corporations that are setting up or upgrading networks.
The European Commission broadened its antitrust investigation of Microsoft today, introducing new accusations about the company's bundling of its Windows Media Player, and backing up existing concerns about the company's practices in the server operating systems market with new evidence.
Ebay announces fourth-quarter profit of $346 million, representing 24 percent increase over comparable period in 2005 and beating analyst estimates; reports earnings for entire year of $1.1 billion; revenue was $1.7 billion due to increased business; chief executive Meg Whitman comments (M)
AT&T's new Internet czar John Petrillo has a vision of the company's largest- volume of business calls, toll-free "800" numbers, making a seamless transition from voice to data.
case against Xerox is expected to be its use of an accounting method for recording revenue and profit from multiyear copier leases.
"The bottom line is that we have found it extraordinarily difficult," said David Jefferson, a regional vice president at AT&T, who is overseeing the company's foray into the local phone market here.
''There's going to be a shootout in Times Square between Nasdaq, Reuters, Morgan Stanley and Dow Jones,'' said George N. Stonbely, president of Spectacolor Communications, the electronic sign company that designed the giant Kodak, Hertz and AT&T signs on the face of the Marriott Marquis hotel, at Broadway and 47th Street.
I.B.M.
Time Warner And Comcast Discuss Bid For Adelphia
But after President Bush exhorted Americans to return to ''business as usual,'' Ford and General Motors began special campaigns, offering zero percent financing through the end of this month on many of their 2001 and 2002 vehicles.
Comcast is not AOL.
The Coca-Cola Company said yesterday that its earnings rose 7 percent in the fourth quarter, falling just shy of Wall Street estimates despite stronger-than-expected growth in soft-drink sales.
Although Kodak commands about 30 percent of the global medical imaging market, most of its products are commodity-type X-rays based on conventional film technology.
Boeing moved its corporate headquarters out of Seattle to Chicago in 2001, but still makes most of its commercial airplanes here.
Analysts are divided on DuPont's prospects.
Officials of Intel and I.B.M.
And those three signs will be only five blocks south of three amber-colored, 157-foot-long stock and financial information zippers that strut across the face of the Morgan Stanley Dean Witter building, at 1585 Broadway.
Rupert Murdoch, the chairman of News Corporation, is interested in using Sky Global to acquire DirecTV, the satellite business owned by the Hughes Electronics unit of General Motors, people close to the matter have said.
Still, progress was made in establishing a framework for a contract for several dozen employees of Verizon's wireless unit.
Warner-Lambert memorandum unsealed in federal court shows marketing executives at company urged their superiors to let them promote epilepsy drug Neurontin for unapproved use rather than perform clinical studies needed to prove medicine was safe for such patients; memorandum is filed by Thomas M Greene, lawyer for whistleblower Dr David P Franklin who accused Warner-Lambert of promoting drug to doctors in late 1990's for more than dozen conditions it was never approved to treat; marketing executives in May 5, 1997 propose that drug be promoted to treat pain in diabetic patients by creating education classes for doctors and sponsoring symposium with American Diabetes Association; Greene also files another memo with court that details how Warner-Lambert tracked prescriptions written by doctors after they attended dinner meeting paid for by drug company at which Neurontin was discussed; Pfizer, which acquired Warner-Lambert and its Parke-Davis division in 2000, says lawsuit relates to activities that took place before acquisition and that its employees do not promote drugs for unapproved uses; Pfizer has said it is not aware of any credible evidence showing Warner-Lambert employees made false claims about drug (M)
''To be forthcoming, this was a failure of the human part of our verification process,'' said Mahi Desilva, vice president and general manager for applied trust services at VeriSign.
''Yahoo HK does not exchange info with Yahoo China or give information to mainland Chinese security forces,'' he said.
Google and Yahoo are introducing services that will let users search through television programs based on words spoken on air; services will look for keywords in closed captioning information that is encoded in many programs; Google's service does not actually permit people to watch video on their computers; it presents them with short excerpts of program transcripts with text matching their search queries and single image from program; Google records TV programs for use in service; Yahoo's service described (M)
IN a marriage of Big Red and Big Blue, the extensive marketing records of the Coca-Cola Company -- from calendars created by Norman Rockwell to corporate memoranda to the famous commercial in which a chorus proclaims its desire to ''teach the world to sing'' -- have been digitized in an online archive with the help of I.B.M.
New batch of lawsuits accuses six big managed care companies of misleading health plan members; latest court actions, filed in federal district court in Miami, accuses insurers--Aetna, Cigna, Foundation Health Systems, Pacificare Health Systems, Prudential Health Care and United Healthcare--of failing to disclose to plan members that they offered rewards to doctors and other employees who denied payments for care and who limited hospital admissions; suits also contend companies defrauded members in violation of federal anti-racketeering law, which provides for treble damages (M)
Daewoo Motor workers at plant in Inchon, South Korea, vow to fight General Motors Corp's takeover of company (S)
Viacom shares have fallen about 24 percent from their high this year while CBS has moved mainly sideways.
As Gap has struggled, executive turnover has grown.
''We are very pleased that we not only met our goals for the top line but we also met them for the bottom line, too,'' said Jeff Bezos, Amazon's chief executive, in a telephone interview.
Yahoo says the new system is more stable and is built for much higher volume.
Mr. Weedman traced the beginning to July 1999, when Procter & Gamble changed its internal accounting.
He also said he found it curious that Mr. Conway expected Oracle's bid for PeopleSoft to become the subject of an antitrust investigation.
''The coalition is a joint research effort that seeks to stumble upon and create the next big applications on the Internet,'' said Rick Rashid, vice president of Microsoft's research division.
In April, when Microsoft announced that its expenses in the coming year would be significantly higher than previously disclosed, the company's stock priced dropped.
Three weeks ago, a Beijing court sentenced Zhang Enzhao, the 60-year-old former chairman of China Construction Bank, to 15 years in prison for accepting more than $500,000 in gifts and bribes, including gifts that came from a consultant who worked for Fidelity, as well as I.B.M.
Airbus, the main subsidiary of the European Aeronautic, Space and Defense Company, said it regretted the FedEx decision.
''We want the music customer to think of Starbucks as a destination.''
Joining Morgan Stanley in the consortium are Lehman Brothers, Salomon Smith Barney, KTH Capital Management and the International Finance Corporation.
Instead, the risk is that Microsoft is becoming the functional equivalent of an old-style utility, with extensive government regulation that could even extend into determining what products it sells and at what prices.
He said Yahoo regretted having to apply ''measures that won't be effective.''
Judge Loretta A Preska dismisses lawsuit by PepsiCo that accuses Coca-Cola Co of unfairly wielding its influence to control beverages served in restaurants, movie theaters and other businesses; lawsuit challenged Coke's widespread use of 'loyalty' contracts with food-service distributors, independent vendors who provide restaurants, convenience stores and sports arenas with everything from cups to ketchup to concentrate used in fountain drinks; Pepsi asserted Coke pressed distributors to carry its fountain syrup exclusively, effectively barring Pepsi's ability to compete in $2.3 billion category that is outpacing rest of soda market (M)
NEW HEAD FOR I.B.M.
''PeopleSoft's claims to have beaten analyst expectations are hardly surprising,'' said Jim Finn, an Oracle spokesman.
''The systems that sell into large corporations are almost 100 percent Intel,'' said Samir Bhavnani, director of research at Current Analysis, a market research firm in San Diego.
While technical, the scheme described in the complaint was surprisingly simple: numbers for expenses at Waste Management became almost magical things, appearing and disappearing at will for the purpose of reaching preset earnings goals.
Microsoft's keyboard had the softest touch.
As for fears that the sponsorship could commercialize Jazz at Lincoln Center, Mr. Gordon said, ''The building is not being named after Bank of America.''
Absent last quarter's charges, Corning reported a profit of $271 million, about 60 percent more than analysts had predicted.
The people said that Mr. Bijur had initiated the discussions with Chevron last summer when crude oil prices plunged to about $14 a barrel.
Gibboney Huske, an analyst with Credit Suisse First Boston, is sticking with her buy recommendation on Xerox stock.
It says it spent $140 million building its own gateway in Hawaii and paying Motorola to run it, and buying 3,000 satellite handsets.
THE Interpublic Group of Companies in New York is significantly stepping up its commitment to the fast-growing realm of specialized marketing services outside the scope of traditional advertising.
Though Superman was unable to attend a news conference yesterday when the Internet campaign was announced -- that same old excuse about having to save the world was offered for his absence -- Mr. Seinfeld, the longtime fan who joined an animated version of Superman for an American Express Super Bowl commercial in 1998, was present.
Halliburton used pension money to pay the legal, actuarial and other costs of its executive pension and bonus programs from June 1, 1999, through Jan. 1, 2004, spending about $2.6 million in total.
Boston Scientific's share of the domestic stent market hovered around 70 percent last fall but has eroded substantially, according to analysts.
This time, however, Wal-Mart says it has used its clout to pull together all the right Hollywood players, create an easy-to-use Web site with Hewlett-Packard and develop a broad library of videos.
The Microsoft Corporation argued in court today that it had every right to tell Apple Computer last year that it would stop producing word processors and other software for Macintosh computers unless Apple adopted Microsoft's Internet browser as the default choice on all its computers.
A Rare Chance to Take Back a Market; Johnson & Johnson's New Stent May Dominate Angioplasties
Observers were quick to note the irony of the brouhaha over the proposed merger of Staples and Office Depot.
That Katie Couric is leaving her post at the ''Today'' show to anchor the ''CBS Evening News'' came as little surprise to many of the screaming, smiling, poster-waving fans who descended early yesterday on Rockefeller Center, where the morning show is broadcast.
Intel also offers a power-saving technology, called SpeedStep, in its Pentium 3 line, but not in its mobile Celeron products.
And even after Boeing committed to invest as much as $100 million to buy up to 10 percent of the company, Teledesic had raised less than 10 percent of the capital it needs, analysts estimated.
Third, to agree to a side deal with AT&T.
Stock analysts Dana Telsey of Bear Stearns, Guy Moszkowski of Salomon Smith Barney, Laura C Conigliaro of Goldman Sachs, Richard Bilotti of Morgan Stanley and Richard Bernstein of Merrill Lynch comment on prospects for stock market in 2003 and offer opinions for specific companies, including IBM, Comcast, Hewlett-Packard, Merill Lynch, Gap and Coach; photos (M)
For example, Ravi K. Arimilli, chief technology officer for I.B.M's microprocessor and computer systems, said he spent one day a month for two years with Oracle so that its databases would run more efficiently on I.B.M.
The other charge, which Boeing said would be $300 million to $500 million, related to delays in its $4 billion Airborne Early Warning and Control program for Australia and Turkey.
Coca-Cola Co asks advertising agencies to present creative ideas for advertising its Sprite brand, which has been handled since 2001 by Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide; billings estiamted at $45 million (S(
And they have long believed that turning the paper over to him -- even at such a substantial premium -- would be a betrayal of The Wall Street Journal's glorious heritage as a great and serious newspaper, which they've owned for over 100 years.
The CVS Corporation and Lockheed Martin are among the companies that have recently turned to restricted stock.
Northwest Airlines is replacing its system for managing and tracing luggage with one it expects will cut costs of missing luggage by almost 50 percent; luggage problems cost carrier $3 million last year; new system is called Wordtracer; number of corporations have been holding meeting and evens on six luxury railroad cars of Railcruise America, which are designed specifically for corporate and private events; corporate clients include Hyatt, Motorola, Anheuser-Busch, Ralston Purina and Safeco; Smith Travel Researech says hotel occupancy fell in second quarter of year, but corporate and individual travelers did not reap huge savings; while occupancy fell to 68 percent, average room rate in quarter rose 6.5 percent, to $74.15; report by Travel Industry Association of America says that 65 million Americans who traveled to cultural and historical events in 1996 spent average of $615 each per trip, compared with $425 for all US travelers (L)
The results for Biogen's drug were good, analysts said, but were no better than expected.
I agree that it is confusing that I.B.M.
But Mr. Palmer said in an interview that he expected Alpha to continue to have a performance edge over Intel, giving it an appeal at the high end of the market.
The proposed clone companies have become known as the ''baby Bills,'' a reference to William H. Gates, Microsoft's chairman.
The chairman of Hynix, Park Chong Sup, has told the company's lenders that Hynix and Micron Technology have narrowed their differences over formation of a strategic alliance.
''This new pricing policy is a slap in the face of every Microsoft customer.
General Motors is no stranger to bad publicity in the wake of layoffs.
Nike said yesterday that its third-quarter profit would fall short of forecasts because of problems with an inventory system that led to shortages and late deliveries.
AT&T has been seeking big European partners for well over a year, and at one point had appeared close to a deal with France Telecom and Deutsche Telekom of Germany.
Just this year, when Halliburton stock was trading at a 52-week high, Mr. Cheney sold 100,000 shares at $50.97 a share.
In a terse statement, Durk I. Jager, Procter & Gamble's chief executive, said the three companies ''could have been a blockbuster combination of technology, marketing and scale capabilities.''
Boeing has said that its stretched 747 could be ready by about 2000.
While analysts said that Humana and United Healthcare, of Minneapolis, would both prosper independently, the collapse of the deal left investors and analysts wondering what might have been.
The standard, first popularized by Apple Computer in its Airport line of wireless products last year, is now being embraced  so quickly that it is touching off a wireless ''air rush'' as start-up companies and telecommunication vendors vie to lock up valuable sites at airports, hotels and other public hot spots.
The venture, which follows a similar effort by Yahoo in San Francisco, is part of a trend by many companies.
Several industry analysts said that Cisco needed to continue to break into new markets to supplement its core businesses of selling routers and switches, the basic equipment that corporations use to build computer networks.
David Readerman, an analyst at Nationsbank Montgomery Securities, had been forecasting fiscal year 1999 revenue of $16 billion for Microsoft -- $2.8 billion of it from sales of Windows 98.
AdvancePCS, Express Scripts and Merck-Medco unit of Merck & Co, which operate most of nation's managed care drug plans, agree to establish joint system to make it easier for doctors to send prescriptions to pharmacies electronically or over Internet; companies say system will improve patient safety by reducing mistakes and misunderstandings; new system is called RxHub; chart (M)
Johnson & Johnson is likely to await Federal Trade Commission approval of the Guidant acquisition before it makes its next move known, to avoid paying a $700 million fee for terminating the deal prematurely.
Simon Property Group will announce that it is going directly to shareholders of A Alfred Taubman's shopping empire Taubman Centers with sweetened takeover bid of $1.5 billion, bypassing wishes of company's board; Simon Property is also planning to file lawsuit against Taubman Centers, its board and members of Taubman family, seeking to invalidate family's control over company and clear way for shareholders to consider new offer, which is $18 per share in cash; Simon Property will make new contention in suit that Taubman Centers board deliberately broke Michigan law by giving family effective voting control over company in 1998 without shareholder vote; photo (M)
''Many of the folks selling do not put a telephone number on their listings,'' said Derek Brown, an analyst with Cantor Fitzgerald & Company, who has a buy rating on eBay stock.
If a new administration were more sympathetic to Microsoft, it could in theory settle or drop the federal case at any time -- even if an appeal were before the Supreme Court.
Because Time Warner also operates a large cable television business, approval of the deal was contingent on Mr. Malone's having no say over Time Warner's affairs for 10 years.
Together, Texaco and Chevron would control about 30 percent to 40 percent of the gasoline market in California, and most analysts expect the F.T.C.
Netflix is introducing a service to deliver movies and television shows directly to users' PCs, not as downloads but as streaming video, which is not retained in computer memory.
It is possible that the board will authorize a response to Comcast's offer at the meeting.
Johnson & Johnson recalled all Tylenol capsules, then reintroduced the painkiller three months later with triple-sealed packaging.
In markets that were down broadly, Intel shares declined $1.37, or 5 percent, to close at $26.10, before the announcement by the company.
Still, analysts said NYLCare was clearly a potential money maker when coupled with Aetna's huge operations.
Microsoft's restrictive contracts with personal computer makers were the key tool in its campaign to illegally defend its monopoly, the appeals court ruled.
In response to customer requests, the site continued to expand its food selection until late last year, when Amazon decided groceries could sustain their own store.
Term & Monitoring of Compliance  Microsoft's proposed final judgment also includes appropriate provisions regarding the term of the decree and the means by which the government can monitor Microsoft's compliance.
c. Microsoft's Conduct Taken As a Whole
Wal-Mart's ownership of Asda has not always gone smoothly, and there has been a great deal of turnover at top management positions.
The Halliburton Company, the Dallas-based energy services concern, is expected to announce today that it is acquiring a rival in the field, Dresser Industries, for $7.7 billion.
The Kearney report concluded that the technology would save Wal-Mart and other retailers billions of dollars.
Coca-Cola Dismisses Universal McCann
The stock market was led down yesterday by price declines in the usual suspects, including Microsoft, I.B.M., Cisco Systems, Intel, JDS Uniphase and Oracle.
Apple Computer says its fourth-quarter earnings will fall far below analysts' estimates because of weak September sales; Apple shares, which closed at $53.50, up $4.56 on Nasdaq trading, drop as low as $28.25 in after-hours trading (M)
Brown officials said Nike's move resulted from miscommunication.
The Labels for Education program began in 1973 as a fairly quiet arrangement between the company and thousands of schools, and according to Campbell, some 50 million schoolchildren participate in it every year.
I.B.M.
But Goodyear bought 75 percent of Sumitomo's Dunlop operations in North American and has filled in the gap with midprice Dunlop tires.
Draft FCB was in the early stages of hiring as many as 200 additional employees at its Chicago headquarters to handle the Wal-Mart account.
Article on latest version of Adobe's popular photo-editing program, Photoshop; program sells for $599; photo (S)
Aetna said its second-quarter earnings would be 85 to 95 cents a share, well below analysts' estimates of $1.20 a share, according to First Call/Thomson Financial, which tracks company earnings.
But he warned, in delicate bureaucratese, that if Airbus went back to the public trough for more launch aid for the new midsize airplane it is designing to compete with Boeing's new 7E7 Dreamliner, the United States would go to the World Trade Organization.
In turn, Diveo hired I.B.M.
Both Mr. Ellison and his chief marketing executive, Gary L. Bloom, said Microsoft's strategy should actually be called Microsoft.NOT, as in ''not yet.''
Sharses of Digital Equipment and Intel rise on newspaper report that Digital Equipment may drop its patent infringement lawsuit against Intel Corp and give its Alpha chip technology to Intel in exchange for cash, product discounts and long-term alliance; Alpha chip has had weak sales even though many experts consider it technically superior to anything made by Intel; selling technology to Intel might be graceful way for Digital to rid itself of costly investment that has not paid off (M)
Wal-Mart must build a reputation for brands in each category, so that when it is time for a customer to make a purchase, they think of Wal-Mart, rather than Best Buy, Macy's or Home Depot.
Airbus predicts that average of 830 new passenger aircraft will be built each year for next two decades, and that its new A380 jumbo plane will be so successful that Boeing will be forced to develop competitor; Airbus's chief commercial officer John Leahy comments; photo (M)t
The order, which requires within seven days changes in how fuel is stored in the tanks of the 747's, came after airlines noticed pump failures and returned 14 pumps to Boeing.
Abbott is injecting up to $6.2 billion into Boston Scientific's offer through a variety of side deals, stock sales and below-market-rate loans to that company.
Enforcement of the two-pronged ruling was initially delayed by Microsoft's request to the appeals court to suspend the ruling until after an appeal is heard.
''Some people seem to think that Microsoft might use its legal clout to shut down Mono'' if it no longer suited Microsoft's purposes, said Don Marti, 34, editor in chief of Linux Journal.
Eastman Kodak Co, citing sudden sales decline in every one of its busiensses, warns investors that its third-quarter earnings will be as much as 25 cents a share below expectations and that if sales do not pick up, fourth-quarter earnings might disappoint as well; says third-quarter revenue will probably fall short of expectations by $200 million to $300 million; share price plunges 25 percent, to $44.19 (M)
Throughout the hearing, Judge Jackson appeared to be skeptical of Microsoft's assertions that it had fully complied with the order.
Bay Networks Finds Its New Chief at Intel
The Microsoft-Google rivalry is shaping up as a titanic corporate clash for the ages.
This time, Microsoft is planning a wider attack.
Fidelity Investments and Charles Schwab Corp are gearing up to introduce do-it-yourself investment portfolios; are experimenting with baskets of stocks they can sell to investors who want alternative to owning mutual fund or individual stocks in traditional brokerage accounts; customized baskets of stocks are apparently catching on despite opposition from mutual fund industry; chart (Market Place column) (M)
Not including one-time charges, Apple lost $178 million in the fiscal second quarter of 1997.
Microsoft said on Thursday that its quarterly profit rose 5 percent, matching Wall Street's forecasts, as the high cost of introducing the Xbox 360 game console was offset by strong sales of servers and software tools.
Mr. Borthwick said that the presence of Microsoft programs, even if hidden -- along with the ability to reward manufacturers that display Microsoft icons and a Windows XP feature that can prompt computer users to sweep competing icons off the screen after 14 days -- effectively prevents ''meaningful customization of the desktop experience by anyone except Microsoft.''
Moreover, when Morgan Stanley produced its accounting records, they only complicated things.
For the Scratch-Less discs, Mr. Kuchman worked with engineers from General Electric to develop what the company says is a much more scratch-resistant coating than others on the market.
A spokeswoman for Wal-Mart, Mia Masten, said that ''everyone should have access to affordable health insurance, but this legislation does nothing to accomplish this goal.''
AT&T said it would pay $37.09 for BellSouth's shares, which is 17.9 percent above the closing stock price on Friday.
In a bid to make computer networks as common in homes as they are in offices, 11 high technology companies including I.B.M., Lucent and Compaq have teamed up to develop standards for systems that transmit data at high speeds over the copper telephone wiring inside almost every house and apartment.
According to executives close to the negotiations, Honeywell's board began meeting at 8 a.m. on Friday to discuss the particulars of the United Technologies deal.
A Microsoft spokesman said the company decided to hold the party in Washington ''just because we thought it would be nice to celebrate our birthday in D.C., as well.''
Flaws, Corning's chief financial officer, says the company will not buy back stock anytime soon, and some analysts are disappointed.
Both AOL and Brightcove have other video deals with Viacom and have discussed providing video advertising to it as well, according to executives involved in those negotiations.
The ultimatum from Microsoft was delivered bluntly in a letter headed, ''Notice of Intent to Terminate License Agreement.''
In an interview with The Associated Press, Ms. Montgomery said she preferred restraints on Microsoft's conduct instead of the ''structural'' solution of a breakup.
Coca-Cola, not eager to share control of a big brand with outsiders, distanced itself from the pair and their Web site (eepybird.com).
Irrefutably, however, it was I.B.M.
But while Verizon has the glitziest new system, other carriers are squeezing interesting services out of their existing second-generation networks.
At the time, investment bankers at Morgan Stanley smugly thought their venerable firm had bought a brokerage network through which it could sell the stocks and bonds it underwrote.
Shares of both Johnson & Johnson and Guidant rose yesterday.
Prince, a lawyer who for years worked alongside Mr. Weill as to build Citigroup into a financial colossus, they were completed with the full knowledge of the board and Mr. Weill, a person close to the board said yesterday.
Blockbuster dips its toe into DVD subscriptions, driving down Netflix stock.
''It is unseemly for Microsoft to hijack their way into AOL's system,'' said Eric Schmitt, an analyst with Forrester Research.
General Electric has held informal discussions with European regulators about selling 20 percent stake in GE Capital Aviation Services in hopes of winning approval for its proposed acquisition of Honeywell International; Treasury Sec Paul H O'Neill attacks European Commission, saying it would be 'off the wall' for European regulators to block deal, which American regulators have approved (M)
Mr. Sperduto then offered an alternative, based on Staples.com's projected earnings in 2005.
Youssef H. Squali, an analyst for Jefferies & Company said the initial rollout of the Panama system showed that Yahoo might be poised for a turnaround.
But only Cooper Tire and Rubber followed through as well, and by July Goodyear was seeing ''significant volume decreases'' from lost market share, said Keith Price, a Goodyear spokesman.
Heavy trading and rapid decline in stock of J Jill Group prior to company's request to halt trading linked to leak that Internet and catalogue retailer planned to announce it would post loss for third quarter ended Sept 25; announcement came after J Jill Group asked Nasdaq to halt trading, with share price down $4.50, or 40 percent, to $6.875; trading resumed about an hour later and stock fell further; company is ending one of its catalogues, called Nicole, only three months after announcing it had repositioned catalogue to aim for growth; pros on Wall Street who owned stock in Comsat have made lot of money at expense of amateurs; Lockheed Martin completed its purchase of 49 percent of Comsat on Sept 18, paying above-market price of $45.50 a share; if Lockheed buys rest of company, which it may not be allowed to do, it will pay considerably less for remaining shares; it is in interests of all shareholders to tender their shares into Lockheed offer; those who do tender, including many professional traders and institutional investors, are about $38 million richer than they would have been if all eligible shares had been tendered; graph on J Jill Group stock (Market Place column) (M)
Mr. Albaugh, the Boeing official who oversees the American side of Sea Launch, said many other customers would doubtless join Loral and Hughes as the Zenit proved itself.
Amgen's revenue should reach $8 billion to $9 billion by then, more than double the current level, he has said.
And in Canada, Pfizer began running television ads last month that show a businessman dancing all the way to work.
Soaring stock prices of companies like Google and eBay are reviving careers of Internet analysts like Mary Meeker of Morgan Stanley and Anthony J Noto at Goldman Sachs; both analysts survived New York Atty Gen Eliot Spitzer's probe into research abuses by holding stubbornly true to their beliefs, even as their stocks plunged; that resilience is paying off as Internet stocks they follow and outlook for new investment banking deals are on upswing; photos (M)
Amazon.com introduces department where its shoppers can book travel and buy travel-related merchandise; section includes links to reservations from Expedia.com, big travel site controlled by Microsoft Corp; it also has links to Hotwire.com, which offers restricted discount tickets, and tour packages from National Leisure Group; graph (S)
The software will be distributed free to PC users and loaded into new handheld devices using Microsoft's new version of the CE operating system, to be called PocketPC.
CBS only recently split from the cable half of the Viacom media group and has already found a new partner with a strong connection to younger audiences.
A spokeswoman for Sun Microsystems, Elizabeth McNichols, confirmed that the company did not use any products made by its competitor, Microsoft, including Microsoft's popular Office suite.
We were able to switch back and forth between Mac OS 9 and the OS X beta systems, and even work in old software programs and print documents in what Apple calls the Classic environment, which flips you back into OS 9 for using older software programs.
The rally ''doesn't tell you anything about the economic climate in America,'' said Stephen Roach, chief economist at Morgan Stanley.
The Ford Motor Company and the Canadian Auto Workers union said today that they had agreed on a tentative three-year contract covering 13,300 workers at Ford plants in Canada.
Boeing will not identify the customers, but many in the aviation world say the orders are probably coming from people in the Middle East who are flush with oil riches.
And Power Computing is still awaiting Apple's go-ahead.
Paul Sankey, an analyst at Deutsche Bank, said that ''at high oil prices, Exxon Mobil is left with too much cash and insufficient options,'' citing an estimated $20 billion in cash that the company has on its balance sheet.
And Texas Instruments, which climbed 28 cents, to $17.22, during regular trading, rose more than $1 after hours.
Technology Briefing
JetBlue Airways is joining with American Express for a contest, ''Share the Love,'' intended to promote the JetBlue Card, a credit card that Amex introduced in July with a campaign featuring the theme ''Carry the Love.''
But just as significant as the product itself is Apple's adoption of the open source strategy, which means that it is releasing its source code, the original instructions written by the programmers who created it.
The second, an outright sale of Warner Music, including its music publishing business, to a group of investors led by Edgar Bronfman Jr. would give Time Warner only about $2.55 billion, the executives said.
I.B.M.
By now, 2,000 software applications have been written to run on Itanium, and 10 manufacturers are offering Itanium-based machines -- including Dell and I.B.M.
Under Citigroup's rules, senior executives receive at least 40 percent of their compensation as incentive or retention payments in the form of stock that vests over a four-year period, the proxy said.
''We're recognizing that the influence of African-American consumers goes beyond the African-American market into our general-market consumer,'' said Susan Mboya, who was named four months ago to the new post of associate director for the African-American multicultural business development organization at Procter in Cincinnati.
Despite the challenges, Comcast, with more than six million broadband customers, is still the largest broadband provider in the country.
Some of those lawyers said they were worried that lawyers who rushed into the field after Merck withdrew the drug, including law firms soliciting clients with radio and print advertising, would muddy the legal landscape with questionable claims.
Use requires an iPod nano ($149 to $249) and Nike sensor-compatible shoes ($85 to $110).
So, Procter added Cover Girl and Secret to the site, and turned to Sony for the entertainment.
Since Thursday, when reports that Sprint and Nextel were in merger talks first surfaced, investors have focused most on the potential damage to Motorola.
Analysts said that Motorola's earnings improvement -- the company lost $1.4 billion, or 64 cents a share a year ago -- was solid and clearly a more important focus for management than revenue.
The change is rippling throughout Kodak's Rochester headquarters.
Some of the nation's largest employers, including General Electric, I.B.M., McDonald's and Sears, Roebuck, plan to pool their buying power to try extending health coverage to part-time employees and other workers without insurance.
"We have had a longstanding and very profitable relationship with Bell Atlantic, and we are sure that will continue," said Carly Fiorini, president of the North American division of AT&T Network Systems.
On that vital point, Microsoft sounded triumphant after a federal appeals court delivered its ruling in the antitrust case against the company on June 28.
A.T.& T. Bell Laboratories, itself one of the world's premier research institutions, said it had signed a one-year agreement, effective June 1, with the General Physics Institute of the Russian Academy of Sciences in Moscow.
But this is only one of several brickbats General Motors has had to absorb in the 11 days since it announced that it would cut up to 12,000 jobs in Europe, the majority in Germany.
Executives at General Mills said the agencies requested the shift.
According to Intel executives, this degree of power savings is needed to enable a future generation of ultra-light and portable computers.
Chubb Group, which caters to wealthy homeowners, begins offering flood coverage in Arizona, Colorado and Illinois; expects to be selling flood insurance in 15 states, including Florida, by end of year; plans to restrict sales to existing home insurance customers whose homes are not sitting along beaches or riverfronts and will stay away from other gulf states and most of Atlantic Seaboard (M)
Lockheed Martin's shares, although trading below their 52-week high of $52.98, set on Oct. 29, shortly after the contract was awarded, are up 35.64 percent this year, at $46.05.
McDonald's Corp introduces 13 new commercials from agencies around world with 'I'm lovin' it,' theme, which it began eight months ago; executive vice president Larry Light says phrase 'I'm lovin' it' has become part of language; photo (M)
Microsoft Created Its Own Problems, Justice Dept.
The AT&T-BellSouth deal, which is likely to take at least a year to be approved, will significantly alter the competitive landscape for the fragmented cable industry, if not immediately then certainly over the next few years as the Bells offer more -- and cheaper -- video and Internet services.
General Motors said today that two strikes in Michigan that have crippled its car and truck production were illegal, taking an unusually hard stance against its national union over local walkouts.
It has been more than four years since Apple Computer began building Wi-Fi capability into its iBook notebooks, becoming the first major PC maker to broadly adopt the new technology.
As part of its inquiry into a plan by EchoStar Communications to buy Hughes Electronics and its DirecTV operation from General Motors, the Justice Department has issued a second request for information about the deal, executives close to the companies said yesterday.
Morgan Stanley declined to comment on Ms. Schieffelin's claims or the commission's action yesterday.
Microsoft Corp quietly hires Ralph Reed, senior consultant to Gov George W Bush's presidential campaign, to lobby Bush in opposition to government's antitrust case; company says aim is to curry favor with apparent Republican nominee, hoping he will take softer approach toward company if elected president; Reed, former head of Christian Coalition who runs Century Strategies and is one of Bush's top consultants, declines comment; photo (M)
Earlier this year, Honeywell International's chairman, Michael R. Bonsignore, expressed confidence that his company's efforts to integrate with the General Electric Company would pay off quickly once the deal was completed.
Aetna Posts Wider Losses, Citing High Costs in Managed Care Unit
A weakened Boeing would probably revive trade tensions between the European Union and Washington, which has repeatedly accused France, Germany and Britain of unfairly subsidizing Airbus.
MBNA Corp has been switching credit card accounts from Visa or MasterCard payment systems to cards issued by MBNA's new partner, American Express Co; switch is not illegal, as slamming is, practice some phone companies used in 1990's to steal away competitors' customers; MBNA's general counsel Louis J Freeh says company is taking 'comprehensive' approach to marketing American Express cards to make up for 30 years when it could not offer alternative to Visa or MasterCard; chart; photo (M)
''The company's domestic growth was stronger than Coca-Cola itself expected,'' Mr. Goldman said, adding that the number was difficult to attain since domestic volume grew 8 percent in the comparable quarter last year, making for a difficult comparison.
He added that Cisco also faced the reality that consumers associated the name more with Apple.
When Robert Pitofsky won jurisdiction over Time Warner's proposed merger with the Turner Broadcasting System last year, consumer advocates and legal experts predicted the case would give the chairman of the Federal Trade Commission a ready-made platform for a new hard line on media mergers.
Agilent is selling CIT some assets of its equipment-financing and leasing business, not the entire business.
Procter & Gamble Is Expected to Announce Layoffs Today
The system, called tabbing, dates to World War II, when Boeing turned out hundreds of identical planes a month.
But Intel went even further today, predicting that sales would slow by 15 percent and cautioning that, as Mr. Bryant said, ''our comfort with precise forecasts is as low as it has been in years.''
That will allow customers of Windows-based online subscription services to move their music from one device to another the way Apple users do now.
CITIGROUP, the world's largest financial services company, said yesterday that its third-quarter earnings rose 35 percent, helped by one-time gains on the sale of its Travelers Life and Annuity business as well as by increases in trading and investment banking.
Proof of that is the startlingly rapid growth of the Axe line of men's grooming products sold by a principal Procter rival, Unilever, which now vie for category leadership with Old Spice in sales at drug stores and discount chains.
Early filings for the third quarter show that at least one big mutual fund company, a money manager and a trust company with significant positions in Coca-Cola Enterprises sold nearly all their shares during that period.
Adobe Opens Review For U.S. Account
At Amazon.com, it was $699.99.
Nor would they discuss  whether the government would oppose an effort by Microsoft to have any remedies postponed until after the case is reviewed by higher courts, a process that may take another two years.
Humana Sued in Federal Court Over Incentives for Doctors
Some of Boston Scientific's quality-control lapses would seem impossible to explain away.
This is a product aimed squarely at Wal-Mart shoppers.
And in 1974 MCI filed its antitrust suit against A.T.& T., accusing it of unfairly thwarting the growth of competition in the long-distance market.
In September 1997, his 58 million shares of Time Warner stock were trading at $55.375 each, giving him a net worth of $3.2 billion.
Ear Force X2 wireless headphones and base station from Turtle Beach allows gamers to hear action without disturbing others; includes built-in boom microphone; works with Microsoft's Xbox system; photo (M)
The Ford Motor Company will license hybrid technology from the Toyota Motor Corporation in a deal that could help establish Toyota's system as a standard for the industry.
Previously, Coke estimated the value of options, for its footnote disclosure, based on the Black-Scholes model.
The issue of restriction is important to the case because the Justice Department contends the intent was to allow Microsoft to use its Windows operating-system monopoly to give it an unfair advantage in newer markets for Internet software and services.
Microsoft shares fell more than 15 percent yesterday after investors digested the company's earnings report for the quarter ended in March and realized that operating profit was short of analysts' estimates, although net income was slightly ahead of expectations thanks to gains on its investments.
One year after bombing in Bali and two months after attack at J W Marriott Hotel in Jakarta, security experts consider Indonesia as dangerous as ever; terrorist groups are still said to be roving country; American businesspeople in Indonesia say, dangerous or not, country offers so much opportunity that they cannot allow themselves to be scared off; businesses have battened down since bombing at Marriott, and hotels serving foreigners resemble military compounds; few of roughly 10,000 Americans in Indonesia are leaving; government approvals of foreign projects increased 3.7 percent in first nine months of year, compared with period in 2002, and foreign investors have poured more than half billion dollars into Jakarta stock market this year; tourist industry is in tatters, but its consumer economy has proved somewhat impervious to terrorist fears; photo (M)
Still, the deal comes as Amgen's marketing practices are drawing increasing scrutiny.
''At Intel, execution is quite good,'' he said, ''so some of this is being disguised.
Yahoo, meanwhile, has introduced various embellishments over the last year.
Microsoft is moving to transform Microsoft Office from bundle of personal computer programs into family of software that can put Microsoft's technology deeper into operation of corporate data centers; standard Office programs like Word, Excel and PowerPoint have helped enhance productivity by allowing workers to easily create and modify digital documents; new tools, including SharePoint, LiveMeeting, OneNote and InfoPath, are designed to increase that productivity by facilitating collaboration, communication, planning and document handling; company sees existing base of Office users as its biggest growth opportunity and as best way to fend off challenge from open-source software and other competitors; photos (M)
In San Diego, as elsewhere in the country, the big incumbent telephone company -- in this case, AT&T -- is the main provider of local phone service, with Cox and Time Warner, the cable company, offering Internet phone service in separate parts of the city.
He added that Yahoo would give some nonprofit organizations like the Library of Congress the ability to add pages to its index without paying.
Nextel's discussions with Microsoft, however, had been developing for at least that long.
Last year, Sony joined with Providence, the Texas Pacific Group and DLJ Merchant Banking Partners to win an auction for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, adding Comcast as a last-minute partner to clinch the deal.
Indeed, Comcast, one of Verizon's largest cable competitors, already provides premium-priced service twice as fast as Verizon's new top speed to a small number of business customers.
The AT&T commercial asks viewers some basic questions, like, How interested are you in this?
Next Wednesday, the federal and state governments are entitled to reply to today's filing from Microsoft.
But Verizon may have to be nicer to MCI shareholders for that to happen.
In one case, Mr. Coughlin -- at the time, he was chief of Wal-Mart Stores in the United States -- was accused by the United Food and Commercial Workers Union of personally trying to improperly influence a union vote at a Wal-Mart auto center in Arizona by showing up at the store and speaking with employees about their working conditions.
FedEx  canceled an order for 10 Airbus A380s on Tuesday, becoming the first customer to abandon the European superjumbo jet in the wake of production delays that have shaken the company.
Eastman Kodak Co drastically raises company's planned number of job eliminations to 16,600, saying 10,000 figure announced only a month ago was just estimate and that managers had since found more positions they could cut; company also increases its previously announced charge against fourth-quarter earnings by $500 million, to $1.5 billion, to reflect severance costs for more terminated employees (L)
AT&T plans to package both wireless and long-distance services under its own brand name and develop many new features.
The best-performing large technology stocks were those of companies engaged in networking, including Cisco Systems, which rose $1.38, to $16.98, and JDS Uniphase, which rose $2.13, to $21.39.
The findings of fact also establish that, among the OEMs discussed supra, Compaq was the only one to fully commit itself to Microsoft's terms for distributing and promoting Internet Explorer to the exclusion of Navigator.
Mr. Masin had been a member of Citigroup's board, serving as chairman of the personnel and compensation committee.
As it is, Verizon has management control of Verizon Wireless, which is already growing faster than its rivals.
More troubling, analysts said, were sales of applications -- software that companies use to automate many facets of their business -- which Oracle has sought to make a larger percentage of its overall product mix.
Using Microsoft's software with local information, the company intends to offer consumers personalized advice on movies, restaurants, travel and shopping.
Had AT&T taken the At Home stock, it would have raised its ownership stake in the company to 34 percent from 23 percent.
Both Mr. Tyson and Tyson Foods settled the S.E.C.
But Microsoft executives and lawyers said that they had not violated the agreement.
In New York, for instance, if SBC-AT&T wanted to compete for a contract, it would still have to pay Verizon to use its network tail.
Background sounds have long been a barrier to the widespread adoption of speech recognition systems, said Li Deng, an electrical engineer and senior researcher in the speech technology group at Microsoft in Redmond, Wash. Like Dr. Aarabi, Dr. Deng has developed software algorithms to improve speech recognition by reducing background noise.
Microsoft's answer, which went online this month, is a dictionary that talks.
In acquiring Wiltel, the Williams telecommunications unit, LDDS would join AT&T, MCI Communications and Sprint in having its own network.
The strike has also frightened Boeing's investors.
The Government, seeking to enforce a 1995 antitrust agreement with Microsoft, contends that by bundling the browser into Windows, the company is unfairly exploiting its near-monopoly of the market for PC operating systems.
Office Depot expands its advertising relationship with Omnicom Group (S)
Of course, there is a much larger base of potential online philanthropists at Amazon, which has about 32 million registered users, compared with about seven million at PayPal.
said yesterday that it had begun shipping its Shark data storage systems for large computers and networks with a number of enhancements that improve its ability to back up data on the fly and work with non-I.B.M.
As part of an agreement that settled a two-year investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission, Xerox has changed the way it allocates revenues and profits for equipment leases and is revising five years of numbers.
Boeing's military business is making a transition from building discrete systems to more high-tech battlefield electronics.
In its filing yesterday, Microsoft warned that consumers and the software industry would suffer if the company was split up and its programmers from various product groups could no longer collaborate freely.
The day's biggest gainers on the S.& P. 500 included I.B.M., which shot up $6.15, to $106.05, and Oracle, which rose $2.38, to $21.38.
Pfizer's advertising agency is Cline, Davis & Mann in Manhattan.
Target shares rose 92 cents yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange, to close at $40.15.
Michael Riordan, co-author of ''Crystal Fire: The Invention of the Transistor and the Birth of the Information Age'' (W.W. Norton & Company, 1998), noted that Globe Union and Texas Instruments were both pioneers in miniaturization, and that Mr. Kilby ''came to T.I.
Analysis of Bristol-Myers Squibb Co's financial problems; says analysts believe there are no easy or quick fixes for company's core problem: lack of new drugs to replace those that have lost their patent protection; holds some analysts fault management for not offering more information earlier on extent of problems (M)
Approval seems likely because after the merger Cingular will still face competition from four other national companies: Verizon Wireless, Sprint, T-Mobile and Nextel.
Intel Details Broader Role In Indian PC's
There's lots of good, brand-name stuff here -- ''Zoolander,'' ''Chinatown,'' ''Jaws,'' ''Sleepless in Seattle,'' ''Twister'' and so on -- but Netflix's lawyers and movie-studio negotiators have a long way to go before the number of movies online equals the number of DVDs available from Netflix (70,000).
''You have to change your product season after season,'' Ms. Esquivel said of Nike.
The Northrop Grumman Corporation, the military contractor, agreed yesterday to buy Litton Industries, a supplier of military electronics and information systems and the nation's largest maker of surface combat ships, for $3.8 billion in cash.
Yale University's director of information technology, Daniel A Updegrove, is being besieged with flood of hate E-mail since sending letter to incoming freshmen, steering them toward purchase of personal computers using Microsoft's Windows and microprocessors from Intel, and away from Apple Computer's Macintoshes; Updegrove says he was unaware that Yale had applied for grant from Intel at same time; Apple devotees are skeptical about such a seeming coincidence; Yale did receive $2.7 million 'Technology for Education 2000' grant from Intel; Updegrove points out that shift at Yale away from Mac's has been under way, without any prodding, for last several years; photo (M)
Mr. Kulik said that Retirement Systems had not abandoned the idea of adding a structure along the lines proposed by Goldman Sachs.
Ford Motor Co agrees to buy car operations of Volvo AB of Sweden for $6.45 billion, taking its biggest step toward becoming large-scale seller of high-profit luxury cars and more humble vehicles; sales of luxury cars are rising in United States and Europe; profits on less expensive cars have evaporated as manufacturers in South Korea and elsewhere flood markets in US with ever-cheaper cars; Ford's chief executive, Jacques A Nasser, says Ford's goal is to sell million luxury cars annually within several years, up from 200,000 luxury cars it now sells; Nasser and William C Ford Jr, Ford's chairman, say they are not planning any immediate changes to Volvo's current lineup of cars; Ford has increasingly emphasized same issues as Volvo in recent months--safety and environmental issues; photos; charts (M)
Last year, Verizon's directories business generated $3.4 billion in revenue and $1.03 billion in profits.
Rather, the company is looking at the long-term goal of encouraging greater Internet use and, in turn, higher consumption of desktop and laptop computers that use Intel chips, said Martin Reynolds, an analyst with Gartner.
The avenue around the tree was blocked off last month so that thousands of people from the Venezuelan capital could be brought in to watch Santa Claus arrive on a Coca-Cola truck, scattering souvenirs to all.
Earlier this year, British Air executives said they were seeking bids from both Airbus and Boeing, for short-haul jets on domestic British and European routes, to replace Boeing 737's now in service, as well as for long-haul aircraft on intercontinental routes.
But just how Mattel could have been so dumbfounded about serious problems at a company it bought only five months ago left analysts shaking their heads yesterday.
Jeffrey P. Minear, a Justice Department lawyer, tried to emphasize that ''Microsoft's conduct was not simply a series of isolated unrelated events, but rather a coordinated course of anticompetitive conduct, and that conduct was directed to maintaining its monopoly power.''
After Yahoo's results were released yesterday afternoon, the company's shares fell to $27.80 in late trading, down 14 percent from the regular market close.
A federal jury ruled against Microsoft in August and awarded $521 million to a former University of California researcher who holds the patent the Web consortium now wants revoked.
Lipitor's importance to Pfizer is hard to overstate.
Procter & Gamble is beginning its first US campaign that uses text messaging on many cellphones as medium; campaign, created by Arc Marketing, will encourage consumers to take part in sweepstakes for Clairol Herbal Essence hair products by sending text messages and receiving clues (S)
There were some signs that the growth of Yahoo's vast audience had stopped.
Interbrand Group, brand and corporate identity consulting company owned by Omnicom Group, is starting foundation to help charitable and social welfare organizations raise their public profiles and improve their fund-raising; rather than donating money, new Interbrand Foundation will offer services of Interbrand and its employees (S)
Almost since the day three years ago that Mr. Grubman raised his rating on AT&T, speculation has swirled that Mr. Weill played a part in the analyst's about-face.
The Europeans and some of Microsoft's competitors are concerned, as our own Justice Department was when it sued Microsoft in 1998, that Microsoft may use its monopoly over the Windows operating system to limit consumers' ability to choose other products that add functions to Windows.
A News Corporation executive said that in the current environment the company did not believe it was worth maintaining a magazine publishing infrastructure to publish only one magazine.
Microsoft executives do not view the Government's request for information as endangering the WebTV deal yet.
Microsoft may run a server but we don't own the data.''
Microsoft hopes its new advertising system will match many of the features of Google's system, which is generally seen as more advanced than Yahoo's, and add a few innovations.
Weary of wasting valuable time away from his family in commercial airports and eager to have the space to conduct business in the air, Mr. Gary bought a Boeing 737 several years ago and had it outfitted as a private jet.
Bernard Masson, recently with Lexmark International, the printer company, leads Kodak's digital display group.
Under terms of the deal, General Mills has to pay just $4.5 billion in cash, together with $5.4 billion in stock, if the share price reaches $42.55 within a year after the deal closes in December.
John Bromley, a Union Pacific spokesman, told The Associated Press that the railroad believed the report had overestimated the costs, but he added that the railroad had not undertaken a study of its own.
That is the largest order placed for commercial aircraft this year, and it comes as a big blow to the Boeing Company, which had also been negotiating with EasyJet.
The regulator, the Financial Services Authority, ordered Citigroup to pay a £4 million ($7.3 million) penalty and to return the £9.96 million ($18.1 million) in profit it made on a trading strategy that became known in the bank as Dr.
''Whether it's building cars and trucks or supporting public television programs like this one, the company you count on wherever life takes you is General Motors,'' an announcer intones over the image of a family watching television together.
Coca-Cola had advised analysts in August that it expected earnings to rise only slightly from the corresponding quarter last year.
The gathering in Jonquière, Quebec, will be the start of talks that the retail workers' union hopes will produce the first collective agreement in North America covering Wal-Mart workers.
Goodyear has also been reducing the number of types of tires it makes.
For its bid, Mattel got a suit vest with silk-covered buttons, a pair of matching trousers, a tuxedo jacket with silk-satin peaked lapels and an ivory silk-satin tie.
Slim's fixed-line company, to pay $676 million for Verizon's 28.5 percent stake in the leading Venezuelan provider, Compañia Anónima Nacional Teléfonos de Venezuela.
Mr. Flickinger, the retailing consultant, argues that the Wal-Mart effect can already be seen in Pennsylvania, where Wal-Mart has 19 supercenters, by far its greatest concentration in the region.
Mr. Henley said Oracle, based in Redwood Shores, Calif., expected to receive approval from both those agencies early next year.
Mr. MacDonald said that even though the new benefits would be cheaper for I.B.M., they would ''far exceed any average benchmark'' in their attractiveness to employees.
The Securities and Exchange Commission has questioned Motorola Inc.'s accounting in deferring a gain on a $1.65 billion deal with Nextel Communications Inc., Motorola said in its latest proxy statement.
But News Corporation shares were down 88 cents, or 2.4 percent, to $36.50.
Yahoo will introduce a program called Yahoo Go Dashboard that runs on the edge of a computer screen and displays a range of information.
The company, Allstate Insurance Group of Northbrook, Ill., said it planned to reduce its business in coastal areas vulnerable to what the company described as the increased danger of a devastating hurricane.
Miguel Poiares Maduro, advocate general on European Court of Justice, offers preliminary opinion that could lead to billions of euros in tax refunds to companies at time when many European governments can least afford them; says British tax authorities erred in denying retail chain Marks & Spencer right to offset losses incurred in other European Union countries in its British tax filing; governments throughout Europe might face threat to their already hard-pressed budgets; Marks & Spencer has been seeking tax refund of more than 30 million pounds ($56.4 million), since 2001 from Inland Revenue, British tax agency, to compensate it for losses in Belgium, Germany and France that it was not able to claim in those countries; sixty other companies have filed claims similar to Marks & Spencer's in British courts, and opinion could become legal precedent for them; those companies include British Telecom and three American companies with large operations in Britain, H J Heinz, PepsiCo and Caterpillar; photo (M)
The Adobe reader can be downloaded at no cost from www.adobe.com or the online retailer Barnesandnoble.com, which also sells books in the format.
The liquidators typically earn a commission on every sale they make, while eBay -- and, to a growing degree, competitors like Amazon -- earns substantial transaction fees.
The Verizon Foundation expects to distribute about 4,000 grants, totaling $70 million, by December, using the all-online process, she said.
RIVAL SEEKS TO RESTRAIN INTEL
But Philip S. Beck, Merck's lead trial lawyer in the case, said he believed Merck had presented a strong case and did not view the decision as a company defeat.
''Taken in context of what's happened in A.M.D., this is a huge win,'' Douglas K. Lee, a managing director with Banc of America Securities,  said of Intel's earnings.
General Motors Corp says profit plunged 92 percent in fourth quarter because of large one-time charges, slight erosion of profits in North America and heavy losses overseas, especially in Europe; company earned $30 million in Europe in fourth quarter of 1999, but that turned into $463 million loss during fourth quarter of 2000; North American operations earned $979 million in fourth quarter; company earned $609 million; sales fell to $45 billion from $46.26 million a year earlier; for all of 2000, profits fell 25.8 percent, to $4.45 billion compared with $6 billion in 1999; sales rose to $184.63 billion from $176.56 billion; Robert Hendry, chief executive of GM's German subsidiary, Adam Opel AG, says he will resign at end of March (M)
But Texaco, chastened by waning market interest and its own missteps, seemed ready to take an even lower offer this year and also agreed to what had once been an irksome proposition: that a Chevron executive run the company.
Two weeks ago, Adobe announced a reorganization and layoffs and said that its third-quarter earnings, which are scheduled to be announced on Friday, would fall below Wall Street expectations.
In a move to refocus on its chip-making operations, Intel said that it would sell most of a division that makes software to manage computer networks.
Wal-Mart Stores reported yesterday that its profits for the first quarter rose 16 percent and that overall sales, bolstered by growing interest in apparel, increased at the fastest pace in more than two years.
Before photographs or videos are used on the Yahoo site or distributed by Reuters, photo editors at Reuters will try to vet them to weed out fraudulent or retouched images.
What Microsoft and Intel have yet to prove is that there will be significant consumer demand for the concept.
While Verizon had also made wage and benefit concessions that the unions found satisfactory, other issues remained stumbling blocks.
Within the last week or so, PC manufacturers said they had learned the extent of  Microsoft's conditions if they choose to place an icon for a rival offering, like the AOL online service, on the Windows XP desktop.
Navio was established by the Netscape Communications Corporation, a leading rival to Microsoft in the Internet software market.
The documentation ranges from the typical I.B.M.
Mr. Parker of Sanford Bernstein said Intel would face continued pressure to lower prices on its chips.
So investors have have had little idea of how much General Electric has been spending to support Mr. Welch's lifestyle.
Mr. McManus did not offer any specifics about changes in the CBS newscast, but he said he was looking for more consistency.
''We all want to get this done quickly, as it seems the two groups are tired like us and want this to end,'' said Eric Rabe, Verizon's spokesman.
Even more ominous to some Intel watchers is how many insiders are exiting the stock.
''This demonstration resulted from a snowballing of concerns about all the new policies that Wal-Mart is forcing on its workers to try to increase profits,'' Mr. Kofinis said.
Microsoft did not rule out that option yesterday, but legal experts said such an appeal had scant chance of success.
Wal-Mart has long been known for its bare-knuckled approach to fighting unions.
Mr. Bryant said Intel invested heavily last year in machines that make chips more efficiently, so the company would be able to meet demand for its products this year without spending as much.
In a statement to the company's managers, Alan R. Mulally, chief executive of Boeing's commercial aircraft division, acknowledged that the company and the union are far apart.
Integraph shares rose $1.25, to $9; Intel shares gained $2.50, to $76.25.
Big Three automakers broaden their no-interest loan offers in wake of continued sluggish sales; General Motors offered incentives on March 31 and Chrysler and Ford will make similar moves; AutoData Corp says US sales in March fell 3 percent for GM and Chrysler and 4.3 percent for Ford; sales rose 9.2 percent at Toyota and 20.7 percent at Honda; chart; photo (M)
As the world's largest supplier of personal computer software, Microsoft has increasingly been criticized in recent years over the design and security of its products.
(Mr. Murdoch said Mr. Levin had broken a promise to carry his 24-hour news channel, instead choosing MSNBC, the joint venture of Microsoft and General Electric's NBC.)
One other warning: Instead of supplying an uninstall program, Microsoft forces you to run a complete ''system restore'' to remove Media Player from Windows ME or XP.
Microsoft employs 20,500 regular workers domestically and 6,000 temps, who often call themselves permatemps because they work anywhere from six months to three years at the company, testing software, writing manuals, designing Web pages and developing CD-ROM's.
Even as Starbucks has developed a mass following for its dark, super-roasted coffee and its iced, frothed, blended and flavored offspring, the company has struggled to get its food up to par.
Xerox sold more service contracts and supplies like ink and paper than it did last year.
's proposed rule and the support from the other companies, including Edward D. Jones and Principal Financial Group, that joined with Fidelity in forming an informal clearinghouse committee.
They said that if Wal-Mart ever hoped to build a store in Inglewood, it needed to sign a pledge in which it promised to provide a living wage and better health benefits.
Army Corps of Engineers says noncompetitive Defense Department contract given to Halliburton subsidiary Kellogg Brown & Root to fight oil well fires n Iraq is worth as much as $7 billion over two years; contract also allows the subsidiary to earn as much as 7 percent profit, which could amount to $490 million; details are released in response to request by Democratic Reps Henry A Waxman and John D Dingell that General Accounting Office investigate how Bush administration is awarding contracts for reconstruction of Iraq; Vice Pres Dick Cheney, formerly Halliburton chief executive, has been repeatedly questioned about his ties to company and oil business since war in Iraq began; Kellogg Brown & Root has won significant additional business from federal government and Pentagon since attacks of Sept 11 (M)
Ed Molchany, the Explorer marketing manager at Ford, said that people who buy sport utilities had shown limited interest in having the problem addressed, adding, ''I wouldn't say our owners are screaming for it.''
After reviewing a string of acquisitions and sales by Aetna since 1996, the S.E.C.
According to evidence introduced at the antitrust trial, Microsoft has a history of trying to write public opinion polls that guarantee an outcome.
Correction:  June 2, 2006, Friday  The Market Place column in Business Day on Wednesday, about Lloyd C. Blankfein, who is expected to be the next chief executive of Goldman Sachs, referred incorrectly to his background.
''We proposed a simpler remedy: order Microsoft to unbundled Media Player, full stop,'' Mr. Vinje said, adding: ''The two-operating-systems solution is softer.
The deal also comes as Citigroup, which has been disposing of noncore assets, talks with Legg Mason about swapping its asset management unit for Legg Mason's brokers.
Marriott is following an industry trend.
BlueArc, which was founded in 1998 as Synaxia Networks in Britain but is now based in Mountain View, Calif., homed in on a bottleneck that occurs because most of today's major storage servers use standard Intel microprocessors as their basic building block.
Indeed, Microsoft executives who have long extolled Microsoft's leadership in software features are trying to turn MSN Explorer's paucity of features into an advantage.
The new Microsoft mouse is designed for right-handers, and it works only with computers with Windows, so it's hard cheese for left-handed Macintosh or Linux users who have glass-topped desks.
Citigroup has set aside $6.7 billion in all to cover its litigation exposure.
AT&T executives also said they were unlikely to make any big moves until they were well on the way to carrying out their plan to spin off AT&T's $20 billion equipment business and smaller computer business into separate companies.
In any case, Richard Doherty, a computer industry consultant who is president of Envisioneering, a research firm in Seaford, N.Y., said Transmeta had put Intel on the defensive.
Those numbers would indicate that in the early going at least, Wal-Mart's $4 prescriptions are not having a huge impact on overall sales of generic drugs in this country.
As part of the alliance, McCaw would market its cellular services under the A.T.& T. name.
The announcement comes as Bank of America is being investigated for its role in a widening examination of improper trading in mutual fund shares.
But this heartwarming storyline for Wal-Mart has turned into heartburn for the company.
Microsoft Corp acknowledges that one of its programmers apparently masqueraded as independent computer consultant earlier this week in effort to discredit America Online's tactics in companies' quarrel over instant messaging; Microsoft is unable to identify employee who forged E-mail message accusing America Online of irresponsible behavior; whoever did deed sent message to one computer security expert who is most likely to trace it back to Microsoft; bitter dispute has developed between Microsoft and America Online over instant on-line messaging; dispute began last month when Microsoft introduced clone of AOL Instant Messenger program, which permits computer users to chat over Internet with other computer users; America Online says Microsoft is making illegal use of proprietary directory information that is essential to connect instant messenger users via Internet; Microsoft disinformation incident came to light on Aug 11 when Richard Smith, president of Phar Lap Software and leading computer security expert, received E-mail message from someone identifying himself as Phil Bucking of Bucking Consulting; author suggested that he was developing his own instant messaging program and was studying America Online's tactics in blocking Microsoft users (M)
Netflix-by-Internet, in other words, is deliciously immediate, incredibly economical and, because it introduces movie surfing, impressively convention-shattering.
However, the bulk of the Airbus orders were for smaller single-aisle planes, while a larger percentage of Boeing's orders were for two-aisle, wide-body jets, like the 777, and the new 787.
Mr. Thomas said that the consumer market had been tough for I.B.M.
Robert E. Allen, chairman and chief executive of the AmericanTelephone and Telegraph Company, said at a news conference, however, that because the company's computer business now comprises NCR, A.T.&T.
Mr. Tobin's mission is to determine what Boston Scientific must do to get out of the federal agency's doghouse without major new sanctions and before the ban on new products begins to cripple the company.
Just two weeks ago, Mr. Spitzer announced a $40 million settlement with Canary Capital Partners, which he said had engaged in improper trades in mutual funds managed by Bank of America as well as funds managed by Bank One, Strong Capital and Janus.
Having secured a concession late last week allowing them to organize more easily in Verizon's wireless division, the Communications Workers of America and International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, have set their sights on other issues.
They thus rendered Netscape harmless as a platform threat and preserved Microsoft's operating system monopoly, in violation of Section 2.
Two large maps show the location of Wal-Mart and Sam's Club stores across the United States.
He said Merck had not yet decided which research operations would be relocated to Boston.
Suggesting that sophisticated interactive television will remain a distant dream in the United States, AT&T's broadband division has dropped its commitment to an advanced set-top cable box that was supposed to showcase Microsoft's interactive television software.
In 2005, the company eliminated late fees -- an irritant to many customers, and the issue that had prompted Mr. Hastings to found Netflix.
The World Mastercard is meant to undercut moves by American Express's chairman, Harvey Golub, to have banks to offer its cards.
Unable to get enough microchips to make everything it could have sold, the International Business Machines Corporation reported yesterday that it had squeezed out the profits Wall Street had expected for the third quarter but had fallen short of revenue projections.
The company predicts it will sell about $200 million worth of Harry Potter merchandise, well below the $650 million in ''Star Wars'' merchandise Hasbro shipped.
Jack M Roper letter, commenting on November 12 article, praises family-oriented marketing standards adopted by Wal-Mart in selling pop music compact disks (S)
New York Atty Gen Eliot Spitzer accuses Marsh Inc unit of Marsh & McLennan, world's largest insurance broker, of rigging prices and steering business to insurers in exchange for millions of dollars in kickbacks; files lawsuit charging that Marsh conducted sham bidding to mislead corporate customers; Karen Radke and Jean-Baptist Tateossian of American International Group, one of world's largest insurance companies, plead guilty to rigging bids with Marsh; photos; table of extra commissions to major brokers; Spitzer makes clear he is taking aim at widespread industry practice, saying he has come across wrongdoing in sale of virtually every type of personal insurance; lawsuit names AIG, Hartford, Ace Ltd and Munich Re unit; Marsh chief executive Jeffrey Greenberg and Ace chief Evan Greenberg are sons of Maurice R Greenberg, who built AIG into powerful worldwide insurer; Spitzer began probe on tips about conflict of interest; suit details elaborate farces to fool clients into thinking bidding was competitive, when price had already been determined (M)
Wal-Mart Stores, Target and Costco post disappointing sales figures for October, suggesting at approach of holiday shopping season that consumers may be watching their expenditures; Wal-Mart, which had meager 0.5 percent rise in same-store sales for month, is expected to make sharp price cuts well before Friday after Thanksgiving; Federated Depatment Stores, J C Penney and Nordstrom report stronger sales gains for month; Labor Department reports that average hourly wages of American workers rose at seasonally adjusted annual rate of 3.7 percent in third quarter, but that productivity was unchanged; photos; graphs (M)
Apple, Napster, Musicmatch, MusicNow, BuyMusic, RealNetworks, Dell, Microsoft and even Wal-Mart have either seats or reservations.
It is not easy to make money off a product that consumers must install themselves when the consumers already own Microsoft's version, which comes already installed.
Jennifer Black, one of the country's most outspoken retail analysts, has left Wells Fargo Securities to open her own firm, Jennifer Black & Associates, effective today.
Privacy Group Is Taking Issue With Microsoft
No one quite believes that Wu Jichuan, the Minister of Information Industries, intends to force dissolution of the dozens of young, frontier companies that have attracted foreign funds from giants like Intel as well as from individuals and venture capital groups.
''Intel's new product improves technology for on-line commerce in a way that compromises personal privacy,'' Mr. Markey wrote.
However, I.B.M.
If completed, the America Online-Time Warner merger would create a powerhouse for the next phase of Internet business -- that of selling information and entertainment services to consumers who may tap into them using digital cell phones, hand-held devices and television set-top boxes in addition to personal computers.
Nearly a year and a half into the tenure of William Clay Ford Jr., Ford Motor still finds its management team coalescing, or trying to.
The company, based in Chandler, Ariz., has also deferred, from June 2002 to December 2002, the start of operations at a manufacturing plant it acquired last summer in Puyallup, Wash. Mr. Parnell said Microchip Technology expected to report sales of $161 million for the first quarter of 2001, off 15 percent from $190 million in the prior quarter.
Last year, Wal-Mart tried to buy the British supermarket chain Safeway, but was rebuffed by regulators who argued that the company already controlled enough of the market.
The game, which is being produced here in a downtown loft by EA Montreal, a development studio for Electronic Arts, will prominently feature a recording of President Dwight D. Eisenhower's farewell address, in which he warned about the influence of the military-industrial complex.
Motorola's shares fell $1.375 to $49.25 as the most active stock on the Big Board today, although most technology shares were modestly higher.
Steven P. Jobs, the chief of Apple Computer, has made no secret of his love for the Beatles' music, but all sides have so far denied rumors of a potential settlement that would allow iTunes to begin selling the Beatles' songs online.
Morgan Stanley's lawyers have negotiated with the commission for several months but have refused to acknowledge that Ms. Schieffelin was a victim of discrimination.
To the company's adversaries, the very name ''Microsoft'' suggests menacing power.
As for the overall approach, Microsoft says it stands by its new program.
Intel's report comes as the company is trying to recover from a series of missteps.
The initiative has received the support of I.B.M., Hewlett-Packard, Dell, Advanced Micro Devices, Sun Microsystems and Microsoft, among others.
Indeed, the more than one million users of Alpha-based systems will be offered speedier Alpha chips this year and a broad performance upgrade in 2003 even as Intel and Compaq, which is based in Houston, work feverishly to prepare a smooth transition for them to the next generation of Itanium, a chip known as McKinley.
It's not just old DOS games that won't run on Windows XP; some old games designed for Windows 3.0 also won't run with Microsoft's newer operating systems.
''Amgen drove this study from beginning to end with a heavy hand and significant involvement,'' she said by e-mail, ''yet they have no responsibility to the participants?''
The merger will allow the companies to consolidate their spending on exploration, which would exceed that of Exxon and Royal Dutch/Shell.
Wal-Mart said recently that more than 100 suppliers would be tagging bulk shipments to the three Texas centers next month.
''To their credit, Amazon is working with us to resolve the problem and assigned us a person to talk to,'' Mr. Byron said.
Advertising column describes Pepsico's latest strategic move in continuing effort to make Pepsi-Cola true challenger to Coca-Cola; Pepsico is transferring several company-owned bottling franchises to Whitman Corp, publicly traded owner of Pepsi's second-largest bottler; deal with Whitman creates first of as many as six regional anchor bottlers for Pepsico, system patterned after commercially successful one set up by Coca-Cola Co; Pepsico is also preparing initial public offering of its company-owned bottler, Pepsi Bottling Group (M)
But Some communications behemoths have already thrown in with Cisco.
Mr. Condit, in a telephone interview yesterday while flying back to Seattle from Washington, said he had concluded that the headquarters had to be physically separate from any of Boeing's operating divisions so that it could make objective decisions about where to deploy the company's resources in the future.
A Federal appeals court ruled yesterday that the National Basketball Association may not stop Motorola Inc. and a sports statistics-gathering company from transmitting continuously updated scores of N.B.A.
Most optimistically, he considers the entry of Wal-Mart into the market as validation of his business strategy, which he considers to be a combination of both old- and new-economy approaches that once might have been dismissed by 90's-era promoters of the ''new new thing'' as hopelessly old-fashioned.
PeopleSoft Rejects Bid From Oracle
Gary Ginsberg, executive vice president for corporate affairs of the News Corporation, Mr. Murdoch's company, declined to say whether Mr. Murdoch or anyone at the News Corporation had been in contact with Mr. Zell.
The blame for this falls squarely with CBS, which might be the rare company where such goofing off is considered a corporate requirement.
For its first fiscal quarter, which ended Sept. 30, Procter & Gamble reported net earnings of $1.46 billion, or $1.04 a share, compared with $1.1 billion, or 79 cents a share, in the quarter a year earlier.
If the case is certified as a class-action lawsuit, it could represent more than 6,000 Allstate agents and be one of largest accusing a company of age discrimination.
''What we're entirely focused on is delighting customers and getting good feedback,'' said Chris Bruzzo, Amazon's vice president for strategic initiatives, in an interview last week.
: www.ibm.com/products/us -- Click on ''Refurbished.''
I.B.M.
In its order, Mr. Neukom of Microsoft said, ''The court denied the Justice Department's petition for contempt'' of the consent decree.
In the United States, Yahoo's revenue grew to $1.15 billion in the fourth quarter of 2006, an increase of 8 percent from the quarter a year ago.
Some analysts were surprised that I.B.M.
Dow Chemical Co sues General Electric Co, accusing it of 'systematically and aggressively' hiring Dow employees privy to trade secrets, latest in series of moves by American companies to prevent important officials from going to work for competitors; lawsuit filed in state court in Pontiac, Detroit suburb, accuses General Electric of hiring 14 engineers and sales executives from Dow's plastics division over last two years and putting them to work at similar tasks; Michigan Circuit Court Chief Judge Edward Sosnick immediately grants temporary restraining order barring General Electric from using any trade secrets that it might have obtained from former Dow employees; restraining order also requires General Electric to return any Dow documents that it may have (L)
Now, as Pfizer's first good-cholesterol-raising drug moves toward approval, the industry is scrambling to respond.
The Joost deal also provides a level of control for Viacom that it lacked with YouTube.
One of Microsoft's old adversaries, Robert Steinberg, an intellectual property lawyer, has noticed the same thing -- and sees a  business opportunity.
In the real world, though, Apple would hardly make anyone's list of Wall Street's greatest hits, despite its considerable business accomplishments.
Wal-Mart typically provides few details of its expansion plans for the year beyond an overall number of stores planned.
As it keeps both wholesale and retail prices for Internet service high, Comcast says its pretax operating profit margins are nearly 50 percent.
Yahoo names David Rosensweig chief operating officer, replacing Jeffrey Mallet, who announced his resignation in January; photo (S)
Nor has Home Depot been as generous as competitors with credit and bulk discounts.
Evidence of this competition strengthened last week as AT&T Wireless unveiled a calling plan offering 1,000 anytime minutes for $39.99, an offer that translates into calls anywhere in the country for about 4 cents a minute.
''I.B.M.
Dick Martin, vice president for advertising and public relations at AT&T in Basking Ridge, N.J., confirmed the report of the assignment this week in Adweek.
Intel reduced prices today on several models of the Pentium 4 chip by one-third to one-half.
Alaska Airlines with reputation for cheeky creativity is taking satiric aim at no-frills competitors with campaign about make-believe rival whose spartan, inconvenient flights and what-me-worry attitude are meant to put 'low' in lower-fare; campaign has as its centerpiece Web site for imaginary discount carrier SkyHigh Airlines offering visitors elaborate series of jokes and pranks that make fake site more engaging than many real ones; campaign was created by Wong Doody with estimated budget of $10 million; photo (M)
As for Universal McCann, ''Coca-Cola remains a valued client of Universal McCann in more than 60 countries,'' a McCann-Erickson spokeswoman, Susan Irwin, said, ''and of the McCann-Erickson World Group in more than 100 countries including the United States.''
Alaska Airlines also reported results yesterday.
Antitrust Suit Turns Into A Partnership For Microsoft
And after being threatened with losing its Windows license, Compaq dropped its plans to remove the icon for Microsoft's Internet browser on the desktop screen for all its machines.
John T. Chambers, Cisco's chief executive, attributed what he called solid quarterly returns to unexpectedly strong business from United States companies, from which Cisco received 49 percent of its business last quarter.
TiVo Inc, leader in field of digital video recorders--set-top boxes that allow consumers to record and store shows without tape, is forming partnership with Madison Avenue advertising giant Omnicom Group to explore what could be next generation of television advertising; TiVo plans to announce that Omnicom will become first member of what is known as TiVo strategic advertising agency partnership program; agreement will give Omnicom agencies ability to test alternative methods of advertising that take advantage of TiVo time-shifting technology and offer Omnicom clients potential discounts if they work with TiVo (M)
AT&T won a similar contract in July, worth about $24 million, for digital switching systems for 101,000 lines in Cairo and Alexandria.
It is a big business for Procter: sales of Folgers coffee reached $1.1 billion last year, making it one of the company's 10 largest global brands.
Microsoft unveils Xbox 360 model, creamy white console that is to go on sale in North America, Europe and Japan by holiday season; console houses three 3.2-gigahertz IBM microprocessors that could qualify it as most powerful home computer on market; new console can act as home entertainment hub, streaming pictures, music and video from digital cameras, portable music players and computers that run Microsoft Window XP; is designed to display games in wide-screen, high-definition format as well as in standard definition; Sony and Nintendo are preparing presentations of their coming consoles for Electronic Entertainment Expo in Los Angeles next week; photo (M)
Judge Stuart R Pollak allows class-action lawsuit to proceed against Microsoft Corp in California based on allegations that company used its monopoly to harm consumers in state (S)
Unfortunately for Motorola and Freescale, chip stocks peaked and began retreating while they have been completing details of the offering, knocking more than $1 billion off of Freescale's potential market value, according to some analysts' estimates.
Mr. Scott called Wal-Mart a company ''in transformation'' and offered what a year ago would have seemed an unthinkably long list of changes under way at the company, the nation's largest retailer.
Dow's chief executive, Andrew N. Liveris, sits on the board of Citigroup with Alain J. P. Belda, the chief executive of Alcoa, who at the time of the overture was also a director of DuPont; Mr. Belda stepped down from DuPont's board in March.
Market Place column on outlook for acquisition of what remains of AT&T by big local phone company; cites low implied market valuation of AT&T's core local and long-distance phone units (M)
Unlike many Internet companies during and even after the dot-com boom, Razorfish had been profitable, relying on a diverse list of clients that included the Ford Motor Company, Cisco Systems and other blue-chip companies.
The two firms, Morgan Stanley and Provender Capital, now control about 8 percent of Carver's shares.
Dieste Harmel & Partners, Dallas, and Radiate Group, Boca Raton, Fla, units of Omnicom Group, form agency called Spice Marketing, Dallas, to specialize in event marketing aimed at Hispanics (S)
Mr. Downs, the Coca-Cola Enterprises spokesman, said he was aware of Mr. Metzger's complaint, but had no further comment.
Even though the Fox television network has suffered from a decline in ratings, cash flow at the News Corporation's United States TV operations rose 4 percent.
Warden defended the contract but also pointed out that Microsoft had canceled the restrictive provisions in April, a few weeks before the Government's antitrust suit was filed.
Peregrine Systems said it was buying a competing line of service-desk software from Tivoli Systems, a division of I.B.M..
In a similar arrangement with the Xerox Corporation, AT&T plans to deploy new Xerox software that will allow printers and computers to transmit images over the telephone lines.
''It's a win-win situation for VeriSign.''
Honeywell Is Expanding Its Presence on the Web
A group of eight retired Morgan Stanley executives who have mounted a campaign to oust Mr. Purcell, and are still seeking a meeting with the directors, have focused much of their criticism on board governance issues.
General Motors plans to market its next generation of large sports utility vehicles by promoting improvements that have been made in their fuel economy; weighs way to start marketing fact that many of vehicles can run on an ethanol blend instead of gasoline, feature that many environmental advocates criticize because it allows automakers to take advantage of regulatory loophole; holding ground in large SUV market is critical to GM; photo (M)
The Interpublic Group of Companies in New York is expanding its presence in custom publishing by acquiring Singer Allbrand in New York to form a unit called the Publishing Agency with 12 employees working for clients like the Buick division of the General Motors Corporation.
Tobacco had produced little or no profit in recent years after theft and expenses related to efforts to stop sales to minors were taken into account, Target said.
Shares of Charles Schwab fell 11 cents, to $8.46.
Microsoft Asks For Dismissal Of U.S. Suit
Consumer groups and Internet companies like Google and Amazon contend that any move by the network operators to levy fees for premium delivery service would harm Web sites that are unwilling to pay for faster delivery.
The biggest question in the auto industry this summer is how the enormous factory here is still churning out Saturn cars a month after strikes at parts factories in Flint, Mich., forced every other General Motors assembly plant in the United States to close.
SAP representatives supported Oracle's bid on the ground that the business software market was highly competitive.
''If Apple's going to survive and thrive, they have to convince these developers to come back to the fold,'' Mr. Bajarin added.
J P Morgan Chase and Citigroup, two biggest lenders to Enron Corp, have given distinctly different responses to questions about their ties to failed company; J P Morgan has rushed to detail its potential losses, while Citigroup has repeatedly rebuffed inquiries; Citigroup apparently had enough involvement in Enron to prompt Robert E Rubin, chairman of Citigroup's executive committee and former secretary of Treasury, to call Peter R Fisher, under secretary of Treasury for domestic finance, on Nov 8 and broach subject of Fisher's possibly calling bond rating agencies in hopes of averting immediate downgrade of Enron's debt; Fisher rejected idea; most analysts estimate net value of Citigroup's exposure to be about $1 billion; J P Morgan has already said its earnings will be reduced by $220 million for bad loans to Enron, and its trading revenue for quarter will be reduced by $235 million after bank marked down value of trading positions involving company; photo (M)
FOR Ms. Couric, the CBS anchor post would mean better hours, less money (probably) and a heap more gravitas.
Perhaps within a year or so, Mr. Tarter said, Microsoft will likely regain its influence over the growing community of Java programmers by re-engineering Java so that it can do whatever it wants with it.
Coca-Cola Co's major bottler in Central and Eastern Europe, Coca-Cola Beverages, reports unexpectedly steep drop in first-half volume sales and its stock falls sharply; Coca-Cola Beverages attributes 5 percent decline in volume, measured in cases sold, to severe economic problems in Russia, Kosovo conflict, company's recent bottled-water recalls in Poland and bad publicity from Coca-Cola beverage recalls in Belgium and France, which were handled by Coca-Cola Enterprises; first-half results are announced as merger talks continue between Coca-Cola Beverages and Hellenic Bottling, Athens-based independent Coke bottler; Ron Pugsley, general director of Coca-Cola Beverages Poland, says company will reopen affected Polish plant on July 14; photo (M)
The Apple retail stores, which were opening rapidly in the December quarter, lost $8 million when all administrative and store-opening costs were included.
''The business just isn't nearly as profitable,'' Richard Steinig, a 30-year McDonald's franchisee in Miami, said.
Michael I. Roth, co-chairman and chief executive at Interpublic, took the unusual step of issuing a statement on the review as it started, saying, ''We firmly believe that we can mount a successful defense.''
The International Labor Rights Fund, an organization in Washington that represents workers in other countries, brought the lawsuit on behalf of 11 villagers in Aceh who contend that over the last year, they and their family members have been victims of murder, torture, kidnapping and rape at the hands of the Indonesian military unit guarding Exxon Mobil's natural gas field.
Procter paid for 20 trailers at its distribution center; the Federal Emergency Management Agency lent the company another 100.
Citigroup does not appear to hold a large amount of WorldCom's outstanding bank debt, but its role is a reflection of the total amount of money owed to it, an official close to the bank group said.
For decades Xerox's brand name has been a household word.
And Wal-Mart says marketing for Sam's Club, which has traditionally focused on its low prices and the good works of its blue-smocked employees, will soon focus on its relationship with small businesses.
Mr. Soriani maintains in the book that I.B.M.
This significantly compounds the implications of Halliburton's actions.''
Food and Drug Administration says Abbott Laboratories must gradually reduce its distribution of thyroid drug Synthroid while it applies for regulatory approval of medication; agency says it wants to give patients time to switch from Synthroid and other similar drugs in its class that have never received federal approval to two thyroid medications that have been approved; those are Unithroid, sold by Watson Pharmaceuticals and Jerome Stevens Pharmaceuticals, and Levoxyl, sold by King Pharmaceuticals; Abbott says Synthroid is safe and plans to file studies with FDA that prove so in next few weeks (M)
in a case brought by two former employees who contended that they contracted cancer because they had been exposed to dangerous chemicals at I.B.M.
(When a reporter tried the system at home, however, the process stalled because of a mismatch between the version of Microsoft's antipiracy software expected by the Netflix viewer and the one loaded in the PC, and it took about 15 minutes to fix the problem with the help of a customer-support specialist.
Mr. Simpson declined to be interviewed, noting that Berkshire does not discuss its investments, but Glenn Greenberg, whose fund company, Chieftan Capital, owns 25 million shares of Comcast, said cable's prospects look good over the next few years.
Mr. Buffett, who was given credit by Mr. Fayard for suggesting seeking those bids, said he was confident those values would be fair because any investment bank that submitted prices too high or too low would run the risk of Coke forcing the bank to buy or sell options at those unreasonable prices.
The Justice Department and 19 states suing Microsoft -- advised by a small group of economists, business school and law professors -- are scrambling to devise a set of remedial steps to recommend to the court if the Government wins the case.
There could be no more important time for the company to make the 7E7 a reality but none when it matters less to the average traveler, said James P. Womack, president of the Lean Enterprise Institute, who has studied Boeing's operations, as well as those of other manufacturers, for years.
Europe Rejects Microsoft's Bid To Preserve Bundling Plan
But Calpers's stance is certain to keep Citigroup's corporate governance practices on the table as the bank prepares for its annual meeting with shareholders on April 20.
Both Moody's and S.& P. issued reports last fall that echoed the language of a group promoting higher electric rates, one that Illinois officials say was a front for the utilities.
Amazon said it sold 1.4 million copies of ''Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix,'' shipping them to 175 countries and even Antarctica.
It also called for prosecuting the Ford Motor Company, saying the design of Ford Explorer sport utility vehicles that were equipped with Firestone tires contributed to dozens of deaths in crashes there.
''That is a large number,'' the paper continues, ''but it counts programs written for all available operating systems, including Red Hat Linux, IBM OS/2, and Apple Mac, as well as Microsoft Windows.
''Under Sinofsky, the culture is, you plan and stick to the plan,'' said Steven Capps, a former Apple and Microsoft programmer who has designed operating systems at both companies.
Citigroup spent $12.5 billion to buy the No.2 bank in Mexico, Banamex, in 2001.
Now the lawsuits have become a serious financial burden even for huge companies that were not directly involved in asbestos manufacturing, like Honeywell and Halliburton.
At the same time, Adobe Systems, whose software for electronic publishing and reading on screen is currently the most widely used, agreed to buy Glassbook, a smaller maker of software for reading on screen.
Coca-Cola Co, in setback for McCann-Erickson Worldwide Advertising, awards creative duties in North America for its flagship soft drink brand Coca-Cola Classic to Berlin Cameron/Red Cell (S)
American Express credit card customers can earn SkyMiles through their purchases.
AT&T stopped providing billing services for new ''900'' numbers as of Jan. 1, a spokeswoman, Jean Hurt, said.
To support that, he cited a national survey published by two other Microsoft-financed groups: Citizens Against Government Waste and the Technology Access Action Coalition.
For the first half of the year, Bank of America moved to fifth place, with 9.4 percent of the market, compared with ninth place, with 5 percent of the market a year ago.
At first, customers gave the new Gap store high marks for that service, and distinct clothing, like $98 cotton rain jackets that came in purple, pink and khaki.
Seamus Blackley and Kevin Bachus, software programmers who left Microsoft Corp after spearheading introduction of its Xbox video game console, plan to introduce games company called Capital Entertainment Group (S)
Motorola acknowledged Mr. Icahn's plans, but declined to comment beyond saying that ''Motorola is reviewing the notice of nomination.''
A Korea Development Bank manager, Han Dae Woo, said the deal to take over Daewoo Motor was delayed by General Motors' refusal to take over overseas plants
I.B.M.
In addition to, or instead of that arrangement, AOL Time Warner has also been trying to get AT&T to essentially hand over control of perhaps five channels on its cable systems, the people said.
Correction of Oct 27 article on competing visions of IBM and Microsoft for future of Internet regarding expected shipping date for Microsoft's next version of Windows operating system; it is late 2005 or 2006
Interpublic Group Retraces Its Accounting Missteps
In the cross-examination of Mr. Burgum, Dan Wall, Oracle's lead lawyer, pointed to internal Microsoft documents in which company executives described their intent to sell Microsoft programs like Axapta to large corporations.
Yahoo, which is down 92 percent since the S.& P. peaked, is still higher than it was in September 1998, just 18 months before the peak.
Pfizer has always straddled a line marketing Viagra, insisting that the drug treats a serious medical condition, impotence, and deserves insurance coverage, while promoting the drug with wink-and-a-nod ads that have irritated regulators.
Its members -- including Coca-Cola, Sara Lee, Kraft, PepsiCo and Gillette, along with Procter & Gamble -- will try to leverage their size in obtaining better prices for raw materials and share data to find less expensive and more efficient ways to ship products and track inventory.
''We have a superior offer, we can get it done and we can get it done quickly,'' James R. Tobin, chief executive of Boston Scientific, told analysts yesterday on a conference call.
What I.B.M.
Motorola Says It Expects Loss In 3rd Quarter
Because Intel so dominates the market for microprocessors used in personal computers, it is taken as a bellwether for the entire industry.
"A.T.& T. wants to dump the people who not only built its enormous revenues last year, but who are the bedrock of future growth."
Mr. Zyman left Coca-Cola on May 1.
Once the recommendation is in the commission's hands, Intel's lawyers and executives will be free to offer their version of events to the commissioners.
In the fourth quarter of 2005, it accounted for about a third of the $12 billion in transactions on eBay.
Amazon's customer reviews allowed like-minded readers to communicate directly.
Intel Plans to Hire Hewlett Designers
But others suggested that Kodak's retail customers were trying to lower their inventories and might rush back with large orders in October.
According to Time Warner's last proxy statement, she owned 770,000 shares of Time Warner stock.
The promotion, being publicized with spots on WB and cable networks, is part of an increased purchase by Verizon Wireless of commercial time on WB for the 2003-4 season.
''Microsoft repeatedly said we would suffer in terms of prices, terms, conditions and support programs, as long as we were offering competing products,'' said the executive, Garry Norris, a manager in I.B.M.
CBS, moreover, faces competition for audiences to its hugely popular ''C.S.I.
Wooing community leaders fits well into Wal-Mart's plans.
The Independent Association of Publishers' Employees, which represents the Journal newsroom and other employees, issued a statement yesterday saying that ''the staff, from top to bottom, opposes'' Mr. Murdoch's bid.
Xerox picked up an additional 3 cents a share from stock and asset sales.
Before Mr. Roberts recruited him to Comcast in 1998, Mr. Burke had been an executive at the Walt Disney Company, which he joined in 1986.
"We were surprised and delighted by this huge response," the vice president of AT&T Worldnet service, Tom Evslin, said in a statement.
Apparently AT&T thinks so in announcing plans to buy BellSouth, the primary phone and broadband provider in the Southeast, for $67 billion.
Ford Motor said Wednesday that it planned to build a 325-horsepower version of the Ford Shelby GT.
Stephen R. McConnell, vice president of the Alzheimer's Association, said the Pfizer program could be ''a significant help'' because people now pay $120 to $130 a month for Aricept.
Bibliofind, an online service for finding used, rare and out-of-print books, said that after May 7 visitors to its Web site would be transferred to Amazon.com.
The schemes are said to have stemmed from a leak from an I.B.M.
Technology Briefing
EcoLogic has been supporting the açaí co-ops in the Amazon since November 2003, when it lent Sambazon $175,000 for last season's harvest.
Apple must now prove to its customers that it can live up to that.
To ensure effective and timely compliance with this decision, the commission will appoint a monitoring trustee, which will, inter alia, oversee that Microsoft's interface disclosures are complete and accurate, and that the two versions of Windows are equivalent in terms of performance.
Dr. Henry A. McKinnell, Pfizer's chairman and chief executive, said that it had expected an initial decline in its stock price.
Correction:  September 2, 2006, Saturday  A chart in Business Day yesterday with the continuation of a front-page article about NASA's selection of Lockheed Martin to build the nation's next spaceship misstated the primary contractor on the Apollo program.
The biggest threat to Adobe, he said, has less to do with Microsoft than with the maturing software industry.
Yet I.B.M.
Microsoft also successfully induced some of the most popular ICPs and ISVs to commit to promote, distribute and utilize Internet Explorer technologies exclusively in their Web content in exchange for valuable placement on the Windows desktop and technical support.
Just since January, Microsoft has taken a $500 million, 5 percent stake in NTL Inc., Britain's third-largest cable company.
''I'm very comfortable with the price Interpublic is paying,'' said Ms. Fine, the Merrill Lynch analyst.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. took another step in its European expansion today by announcing plans to open 12 stores in the Asda chain of British supermarkets, which it purchased six months ago.
When government officials present the company with a lawful request for information about a Yahoo user, he said, ''Yahoo China will not know whether the demand for information is for a legitimate criminal investigation or is going to be used to prosecute political dissidents.''
Xerox's competitors in what is called the imaging business -- Kodak and Polaroid, along with names like Lexmark and Pitney Bowes -- are sharing its pain.
Cisco executives reached on Friday confirmed the report.
That move was widely interpreted to be an acknowledgment by Microsoft that it was maturing as a corporation and that its compensation packages had to tilt in a new direction.
Corning is even poised to revitalize fiber optics, as companies like Verizon proceed with ''fiber to the premises'' projects that bring fiber optic lines to homes and businesses.
Mr. Bourgeois has no direct involvement in the Microsoft case.
But Microsoft has long maintained that it should be free to include whatever it wants in Windows.
''As a consumer you want the content owner to be rewarded for producing the most popular programming,'' said Gene Kimmelman, co-director of the Washington office of Consumers Union, which has objected to the AOL-Time Warner deal.
Mr. Jobs said some of the revenue drop was a result or ''Apple specific'' issues, including loss of share in the education market, failure to introduce quickly computers with faster processors and CD-rewritable  drives, and disappointing sales of the PowerMac G4 Cube.
The bottler was spun off in 1986 from Coca-Cola.
(And yes, of course, those lawyers at Cravath, Swaine & Moore billed Time Warner by the hour, too.)
According to Boeing, the C-17 provides work to about 30,000 people in 42 states, about 6,000 of them in a Boeing plant in Long Beach, Calif.
But some of the companies, including Monsanto, say that the accusations have no merit, that the seed market is intensely competitive and that the lawsuit was initially backed by opponents of genetically altered crops who were simply seeking a way to slow the introduction of such crops.
The joint proposal had been in doubt earlier in the day but this evening it included elements that state officials had proposed to strengthen interim restrictions on Microsoft's conduct.
''Whatever you say about AT&T,'' he added, ''it's one of the best-known brands in the world and an icon in the ad world.''
For after the show, Amazon offers searchable database of restaurant names by location with menus and some customer reviews in New York, San Francisco, Boston and other cities.
Mr. Beal hopes to incorporate freecycle.org as a nonprofit group and raise money for its own Web page independent of Yahoo.com's group mail function, which it currently uses.
The government is conducting a criminal investigation into a Johnson & Johnson factory that makes an anemia drug that has been linked to a spate of serious illnesses in Europe and Canada, according to court documents and people close to the situation.
Bank of America ask parent companies of advertising agencies that work for it to assemble teams to compete for assignments that make up most of its account, with spending estimated at $165 million to $170 million (S)
In a verdict that offered something to both sides, Europe's second-highest court supported the European Commission's rejection of the $42 billion merger of General Electric and Honeywell.
And analysts note that FedEx could have expanded the alliance to all the Kinko's stores at little upfront cost.
A spokesman at Morgan Stanley also declined to comment.
Caremark has said it would ask its shareholders to approve the CVS offer at a special meeting before March 31.
But the question remains, she said, ''what do consumers encounter when they go to McDonald's?''
''I was expecting that with Symantec's stock down 20 percent, they'd be giving more information to solidify the deal.''
Although he concedes that Akamai has some truly innovative technology, Mr. Christy said the company's real brilliance lay in its business model, which might be described as caching plus network management, all sold as a pay-as-you-go service.
''This is a step in one of the areas that needs to be addressed for Linux to move further into the mainstream,'' said Stuart Cohen, chief executive of the Open Source Development Lab, a supporter of Linux that is backed by a group of technology companies, including I.B.M.
In January, McDonald's recorded its first quarterly loss in the company's history as a publicly traded business.
Apple has sold 30 million songs via its iTunes music store, Mr. Jobs said.
CBS News replaces Rome Hartman, executive producer of Evening News with Katie Couric, with longtime TV news executive and producer Rick Kaplan; decision follows run of disappointing ratings for CBS newscast, which introduced Couric as its anchor with great fanfare in September; photo (M)
Dr. Sidney Wolfe, director of health research for the consumer advocacy group Public Citizen, said that although the entire industry had suffered from a decline in productivity, Pfizer's lack of breakthroughs was notable given its research budget.
Even the billions of dollars that Wall Street firms put up to ''make markets'' -- to buy and sell stocks from individual investors and mutual funds -- is no longer enough money to significantly slow the moves in companies like Microsoft and Intel, which are valued at well over $400 billion each.
Analysts, however, agreed that the Sun-Intel deal will probably hurt Advanced Micro much more than it will help Intel.
Edward Rothstein column notes that critics are concerned about recent alliance between NBC and Microsoft and other multimedia mergers; contends that there are some advantages to such mergers; maintains that concentration of power allows certain issues to be settled with great efficiency, which can benefit consumers; says mergers are being driven not only by corporations' desires for expanded markets, but also by sheer force of technological innovation (M)
If you wanted to get on the information highway today via AT&T, you first had to drive along Route 202 to a jam-packed parking lot in this Central Jersey town.
That is one way to view the announcement yesterday by Citigroup that it plans to sell a 20 percent stake in its Travelers Property Casualty unit to the public next year and then to spin off the rest to its shareholders.
I.B.M.
In response to the suit, he said, Campbell ''will take the appropriate steps to make sure we protect our brands.''
What Mr. Immelt must do is concentrate on bringing his own skills to managing General Electric, according to management experts and executive recruiters.
In March, Intel said it expected the margin to be 53 percent, but the company said it had to lower its expectations because its average selling price had declined, one factor that reduced its revenue.
AT&T officials said today that they still believed in the market for wireless communicators, but acknowledged that technologies often reached the mainstream long after the technology pioneers stumbled.
Correction of April 5 report about ChevronTexaco's acquisition of Unocal; assets include stake in Azerbaijan consortium
But if the industry recovers, Time Warner may take advantage of a provision that allows the company to buy back as much as 15 percent of Warner Music at about a 25 percent discount in three years, these people said.
This high-technology soap opera is complex, but here is a simplified version of events so far: SCO, which bought the licensing rights to the Unix operating system and its source code in 1995, sued I.B.M.
Federal officials say that they are unconcerned about Verizon's high bids and that there is no correlation between expensive licenses and increases in consumer rates.
By some analyst estimates, Yahoo leads the pack in selling Web advertising.
The Intel Corporation makes both the Pentium-class and Celeron processor chips, but the chips were originally intended for more basic functions.
Top executives from the utilities met with state officials last week, and Southern California Edison announced on Friday that it would eliminate its fourth-quarter dividend and trim $100 million in spending, including the elimination of 400 jobs, in an effort to stave off bankruptcy.
Mr. Reed's decision to retire began in conversations with Mr. Weill after Citigroup's January board meeting about five weeks ago and continued through a recent management retreat in Arizona.
Instead, Skype's voice communications technology will make online trading easier for eBay's 157 million users, she said, particularly with transactions involving real estate, big-ticket purchases and services that require detailed conversations.
The European Commission has stopped the clock in its investigation into the planned acquisition by General Electric of a Finnish medical equipment company, Instrumentarium, pushing back the Aug. 18 deadline for a ruling on the deal.
I.B.M.
Comcast executives and their advisers met yesterday to consider making an offer for the entertainment businesses of Vivendi Universal, executives involved in the discussion said yesterday.
In the late 1990's, when only 4 out of 10 American households had computers, Microsoft snatched up a start-up company that made Internet-enabled set-top boxes for television sets, which were present in almost every household at the time.
But the best news of all is that Apple this week cut prices of its Powerbook G3 laptop computers by hundreds of dollars, bringing the base price below $2,000 for the first time.
For years, Gateway had been among the more restless of the PC makers, quietly complaining about Microsoft's licensing restrictions.
Microsoft asked a panel of federal judges to transfer the case before District Judge Ronald Whyte in San Jose, Calif., to a Maryland court that will oversee more than 100 antitrust cases against Microsoft.
A soft-spoken expert in operating systems design, Mr. Rashid joined the company nine years ago when Microsoft's chief technology officer, Nathan Myhrvold, set about to create a world-class advanced research laboratory.
Marriott was not dying to be in the day care business, she added, but its managers knew that if they ignored staff problems, they could badly tarnish the chain's reputation for customer service.
Through a program called the AT&T Learning Network, the company will provide  services -- such as a voice-messaging system for three months -- and train teachers and staff to use new communications devices and networks.
The Coca-Cola Company in Atlanta has decided to consolidate the North American media planning and buying assignments for all its soda and juice brands, with total spending estimated at $300 million to $400 million.
In Philadelphia, Yvonne Jones, a 33-year-old freelance copywriter, moved her base of operations to a Starbucks about a month ago and said she quickly became ''a thousand times'' more productive than she was when working at home.
The software also permits Microsoft to assist outside software developers.
The decision to allow access to some Windows source code aims to address ''categorically'' all of the issues raised by the commission last month, Microsoft said in a statement.
The Frontier Corporation said yesterday that its management and advisers would begin exploratory discussions with Qwest Communications International after reviewing the revised $12.7 billion hostile offer made by Qwest last week.
''And Pfizer's desperation is certainly going to increase the intensity of those auctions and raise the premiums that are already at all-time highs.''
Nielsen//NetRatings found that earlier this year, only 1 to 2 percent of visitors to Wal-Mart's site buy anything, compared with 5 percent of those at the average Web store and more than 8 percent at Amazon.com.
The personal computer business was a weak spot for I.B.M., with sales of $3.5 billion, rising just 2 percent from the period in 2003.
''The good news is the bad news, that Interpublic getting whacked so hard has forced us to sharpen our knives and work to get out of it.
If Coca-Cola made the book cute, the Rocket eBook has made it downright insubstantial.
But as the economy improves and travel picks up, airlines and hotels are constantly pressing to cut the fees they pay to Expedia.
In both areas, Mr. Maloney said, Intel is scrambling to reverse its fortunes.
''We have come to Brussels not only to discuss the issues but to work things out,'' Microsoft's general counsel, Brad Smith, said Thursday.
Vista has suffered repeated delays, coming five years after the previous version of the Windows operating system, a lengthy gap Microsoft has vowed will not happen again.
Under Mr. Gerstner, I.B.M.
Mr. Adams, 48, joins Home Depot after serving for a year as executive director for corporate advertising, marketing and customer relationship management at G.M.
But the new report says that both Riggs and Citigroup had ties to him that went back more than two decades, with accounts totaling at least $9 million held by members of his family, close associates or by him personally.
The AES Corporation of Arlington, Va., said yesterday that Venezuela's largest telephone company had failed to provide investors in the United States with precise information in the latest chapter of one of Latin America's most visible hostile takeover disputes.
Lenovo executives assumed rightly that the I.B.M.
Union Pacific, based in Dallas, said the sale would result in a significant, though unspecified, loss in the second quarter.
Certain subsidiaries, which Johnson & Johnson did not name, ''are believed to have made improper payments in connection with the sale of medical devices in two small-market countries,'' the statement said.
An article in Business Day on Wednesday about a deal reached by Louis V. Gerstner Jr., the chairman and former chief executive of I.B.M., to write a book for HarperCollins about his tenure at the company misspelled the surname of an associate publisher who commented on the deal.
But Salesforce.com, which supplies customer tracking and management software online, has shown how to create a thriving business by selling first to small businesses.
Dissatisfaction with Michael D Eisner by members of Walt Disney Co's board may be broader than previously realized, but few in Hollywood think Eisner is in imminent danger of losing his job; Eisner is believed to have at least until November to demonstate that he is addressing company's problems; it will take at least that long to see how fall television season is faring for Disney's ABC network--and for board to address its own organizational problems and crystallize alliances among Eisner's opponents and supporters; Eisner's boardroom critics go beyond most vocal so far, Roy E Disney, nephew of late Walt Disney, and Stanley P Gold, chief executive of Shamrock Holdings, which manages Disney family fortune; Andrea L Van de Kamp, chairwoman of West Coast unit of Sotheby auction house, expressed concerns to Eisner last month about lowly status of ABC network and seeming lack of planning for his eventual successor; graph; photo (M)
3 long-distance carrier, said yesterday that Sprint intended to deploy Cisco's virtual switch controller as soon as this summer.
Market Place column on efforts of investment banking rivals to lure away Morgan Stanley's top managing directors in wake of abrupt departure of top investment bankers Vikram S Pandit and Joseph R Perella; some Morgan bankers reportedly have accepted offers and tentatively plan to resign in coming weeks, while others are weighing offers but may decide to stay at firm; number of departures for rival firms seen key test of chief executive Philip J Purcell's ability to unite firm; only one of 10 bankers who have left so far has decamped to rival (M)
His widow and children have sued Merck, contending that Vioxx caused his death.
As the two companies spar over their planes, Boeing is also reviving its criticism of Airbus for receiving improper subsidies from its government backers.
Soon after the announcement was made public, Humana, which received no warning of United Heathcare's write-off, released a terse statement saying it would not comment on the charge until it discussed it with United Healthcare executives.
A coalition of leading health insurers -- including Oxford Health Plans, Cigna HealthCare, Aetna/U S Healthcare and Prudential HealthCare -- has agreed to pay for New Jersey cancer patients in all phases of research, from the initial safety tests of a new procedure or drug to preliminary tests of efficacy to large-scale studies comparing a promising treatment with the standard one.
For the quarter ended July 31, Wal-Mart said net income dropped to $2.08 billion, or 50 cents a share, from $2.81 billion, or 67 cents a share a year earlier -- primarily because of its decision to withdraw from Germany, which resulted in an $863 million special charge against earnings.
Wells Fargo sets the rates for the policies, and sells them to itself, with employees paying monthly premiums to their employer.
Semel's compensation for 2006 was almost entirely equity based and is, therefore, closely aligned with the interests of Yahoo's shareholders.''
In Argentine Bribery Scandal, an Ex-Executive of I.B.M.
''Somewhere along the line, Monsanto specifically and the industry in general lost the recipe of how we presented our story,'' said Will Carpenter, the head of the company's biotechnology strategy group until 1991.
As the Government's walking encyclopedia of the Microsoft case, Mr. Malone also plays a key role in the occasional settlement talks between the two sides.
For Novell, the offering, to be called AT&T Netware Connect Services, is meant to take advantage of the popularity of its Netware software, which holds an estimated 65 percent of the corporate market for "local area" computer networks used within office buildings or corporate campuses.
Comcast had approached Google about joining in a possible deal with America Online, but those discussions have largely been set aside because Time Warner wanted a simpler form for negotiating.
Editors' Note on Aug 8 review of USDesign 1975-2000 exhibit at Museum of Arts & Design; review should not have suggested that household objects by Michael Graves are 'preferentially featured' because Target Stores, which sells some of his creations, is main sponsor of exhibition; many Graves designs on view are out of production
''We've made an offer with a heavy cash component, and that should reflect our thinking,'' said John T. Dillon, the chairman of International Paper.
High-end department stores like Saks, Neiman Marcus and Nordstrom fared better in November, as did Wal-Mart's closest rival, Target, which said sales rose 6.2 percent, more than a full percentage point higher than the average of analysts' estimates.
Stephen Friedman, named yesterday to serve as the White House's chief economic adviser, is only the latest in a long line of well-known alumni of Goldman Sachs who have found life after Wall Street in powerful Washington positions.
A Citigroup statement acknowledged the report's factual findings of past events.
The merger talks between SBC Communications and AT&T present Verizon Communications, the largest regional Bell company, and other rivals with a potentially powerful new force in the highly competitive corporate telecommunications market.
As part of the deal, which the companies said was worth $120 million, I.B.M.
We want to turn ethics and compliance into a competitive advantage for Boeing.''
Hainan, China, considered industrial hub that failed in early 1990's, is lowering its sights and rebranding itself as playground for China's new rich; tropical island is busily erecting resort towns, golf courses, some multistory condominiums, low-rise villas and mega-shopping centers; Sanya, former fishing village on island's most scenic shores, has been transformed into bustling tourist haven; more than 3.7 million tourists stayed in hotels in Hainan in 2004, increase of more than 20 percent from 2003; Hong Kong billionaire Li Kashing is scouting development projects on island; Citic Pacific, huge Hong Kong conglomerate, plans to spend hundreds of millions of dollars over next few years to develop residential and commercial property in Bo'ao; Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide, Marriott International, Hilton Hotels and Shangri-La Hotels and Resorts are developing on island (M)
Procter has teamed up with Sony BMG to feature Sony recording artists on Beinggirl.com, a Web site that Procter had until now used mainly to help young girls cope with puberty.
Low-cost airlines in United States and Europe are buying planes at frenzied pace in bid for fast growth, raising question of whether their growth will outstrip demand for flights account for 61 percent of narrow-body jet orders so far this year and 75 percent in 2002, up from 15.5 percent in 2001; Southwest Airlines, world's most profitable carrier ever, is tempering its growth even as younger low-cost peers push ahead with ambitious expansion plans; graphs of carriers' share of jet orders; photo (M)
There were margin calls, and PaineWebber sold some of the Mattel stock to cover losses in the account.
The hiring of Ms. Roizen had been hailed at the time as a key part of the initial turnaround effort by Mr. Amelio, who also joined Apple last February.
The approval would bring Amgen, the nation's largest biotechnology company, into more direct competition with Johnson & Johnson, which sells a similar drug called Procrit under license from Amgen.
American Express remains the leader in providing business travel services.
A Cablevision-Adelphia combination would substantially change the equation between Cablevision and Time Warner, which has 10.9 million subscribers and has long been considered the natural buyer for Cablevision's cable assets because of their proximity to Time Warner's stronghold in Manhattan.
For years, its maker, Merck, disputed such findings.
Shares of Pfizer, the world's biggest drug company, closed up more than 2 percent yesterday in the United States after the verdict was announced.
The internal demand for chips used in I.B.M.
It will also take part in the Microsoft program, but Mr. McCaslin said he did not expect such a sales approach to dominate the hotel industry.
A merger of the Prudential and Wachovia brokerage units would create an enormous firm with 13,600 brokers, rivaling Merrill Lynch, the nation's largest.
and techno composer, Richie Hawtin, drove home the point in a promotional appearance for Apple Computer.
Apple is readying new portable computers that will sport the new design influence in March, people familiar with the company's product plans say.
Interpublic Group of Companies is forming umbrella group named Future Brand to oversee its operations in fields of corporate and retail brand identity, strategy, design and packaging (S)
Reflecting lingering dismay about the bonus payments, a management proposal to approve a performance incentive plan for 2004, offering cash and stock to up to 5,600 employees for helping Interpublic grow, received only 85 percent approval from shareholders, a relatively low number for such proposals; 14 percent were against it, and 1 percent abstained.
Two years ago, when Costco decided to sell the sites -- Mr. Wine, who is vice chairman of Related, declined to disclose the price his partnership paid for them -- each was occupied by empty industrial buildings that have since been razed.
Interestingly, many of those awards went to agencies owned by Omnicom Group.
Relying heavily on notes taken in the meeting by Marc Andreessen, an executive vice president of Netscape, and on the testimony of Mr. Barksdale, the prosecutors are expected to assert that the Microsoft proposal had several elements, both incentives and requirements.
Correction of May 22 headline about Staples plan to buy back Staples.com shares: online business is not 'failed dot-com'
Under the final terms of the agreement, Hitachi will acquire the majority of I.B.M.
With its traditional land-line business hurt by the rise of wireless phones, Verizon is seeking more flexibility to lay off and transfer workers.
The lawsuit essentially claims that Johnson & Johnson executives knew of the problems identified in Ms. HochbergSmith's memo and did not take adequate steps to remedy them.
Carnival is looking at ways to absorb the cost of potential litigation, either on its own or by structuring its offer so that P&O shareholders would foot part of the bill, one person said.
Firestone Tire begins unusually explicit attack on safety of Ford Explorers in testimony before House subcommittee as two companies criticize each other's products and executives from both companies try to explain internal documents that committee members found incriminating; Firestone says operating Ford Explorer with its tires inflated to pressure recommended by automaker, 26 pounds per square inch, provides smaller 'margin of safety' than exists for competing sport utility vehicles; Ford says that Firestone tires on 1996 Explorers were involved in fatal rollover accidents at rate 15 times of Goodyear tires on same vehicle; Ford vice president Helen O Petrauskas tells Repr Billy Tauzin, who is presiding at hearing, that 26 pounds per square inch her company recommends is not only optimum level for handling, ride comfort and tire endurance, but is also well within guidelines of Tire and Rim Association; Bridgestone/Firestone Inc executive vice president John Lampe says '26 is the minimum for a speed-rate tire'; photo (M)
But for self-insured employers covering their own risks, Aetna will continue to offer networks of doctors and hospitals operating under H.M.O.
''The difference between being effective and being just efficient, is the ability to access, refine, utilize and disseminate the collective experiences of everyone in the company,'' said John Seely Brown, head of the Xerox Corporation's Palo Alto Research Center.
Microsoft Corp reports net profit of $2.79 billion for fiscal third quarter ended March 31, beating analysts' estimates; profit was $2.74 billion in third quarter year earlier; revenue rose 8 percent, to $7.84 billion from $7.25 billion year ago; chief financial officer John G Connors comments (M)
According to the executives close to the talks, Furukawa Electric, a Japanese industrial concern that owns 9.8 percent of JDS Uniphase, will pay $2.52 billion for most of the business, while Corning will contribute $225 million for Lucent's optical-fiber business in China.
Developers of fastest hardware and software for scientific and engineering computing will announce new technical standard that is intended to make it easier for complex programs to operate on different types of computers; new standard, Open MP, is designed for computers that use either Unix or Windows NT software operating systems and employ multiple microprocessors for parallel computing; one effect of Open MP standard will be to increase shift of complex scientific and engineering software development from supercomputer world to high-end desktop work stations; computer makers that have agreed to support Open MP are Compaq Computer, Digital Equipment, Intel, IBM and Silicon Graphics; new standard was developed by researchers at Silicon Graphics and Kuck & Associates (M)
Attorneys general for some of the states that joined in the federal government's case said they favored strict sanctions, which might include the breakup of Microsoft.
The company specifically noted that it had received legal advice that an Oracle takeover of PeopleSoft, ''would result in a lengthy regulatory approval process and a significant likelihood that the combination would not be approved.''
Mr. Nielsen said Microsoft did not encourage bundled packages.
While still the leader in preparing tax returns for individuals, H&R Block's primary business has faced strong competition from competing firms and do-it-yourself software like TurboTax.
Were that percentage point increase to hold for the year, Mr. Reichman said, it would cost Aetna $140 million.
Texas Instruments plans to reduce costs through voluntary retirements, temporarily idling plants and imposing a freeze on new hiring.
In a preliminary ruling, the judge found that Microsoft had violated its licensing contract with Sun Microsystems Inc., inventor of the Java language, by altering it so it was tailored for Microsoft's Windows and incompatible with Sun's Java technology.
BellSouth and Joseph Safra, one of Brazil's wealthiest bankers, are engaged in dispute that may result in big and messy corporate debt renegotiation; dispute touched off default last week on $375 million debt payment by BCP SA, large Brazilian wireless communications company; BellSouth and unit of Safra's financial group, which jointly control BCP, have sharply differed over how to honor BCP's obligations to foreign creditors; Safra's representatives complicate dispute by offering to inject $325 million in cash into BCP immediately and urging BellSouth to do same; offer is essentially met with silence from BellSouth, with spokesman saying company needs time to analyze proposal; decision to miss payment last week was preceded by series of tense negotiations between BellSouth executives and Safra's respresentatives in Sao Paulo; ABN Amro and Citigroup are part of group of 20 banks that risk losses from their exposure to BCP's debt; BellSouth chief executive F Duane Ackerman has insisted on restructuring debt of BCP; photo (M)
At the Consumer Electronics Show in January, Bill Gates demonstrated prototypes of something un-catchily named the Microsoft Portable Media Center.
Contrary to the government's blithe suggestion, a breakup of Microsoft would be hopelessly complex and difficult to administer.
Correction:  November 30, 2004, Tuesday  An article in Business Day yesterday about the challenges at Intel for the next chief executive, Paul S. Otellini, misstated his age and the number of his predecessors.
Yahoo last month increased the amount of storage it gives to its free e-mail accounts to 100 megabytes from 4 megabytes, largely in response to Google's forthcoming Gmail service.
Half-dozen American insurance companies are exploiting loophole in federal tax law by moving headquarters to Bermuda or being acquired by Bermuda insurer to avoid paying income taxes; are exploiting ability to send premiums collected from customers to corporate parents in Bermuda and treat transfer as business expense, even though money is only shifted from one part of company to another; can use savings to offer lower prices to customers or keep prices steady and earn higher profits for shareholders; advantage could force companies based in US to cut prices to compete, resulting in decline in profits; four of biggest insurers--Chubb, Hartford, Kemper and Liberty Mutual--have asked Congress to eliminate tax shelter; say arrangement, while legal, threatens to drastically reduce government's revenues and discriminates against any property and casualty insurer that maintains headquarters in US; Treasury officials estimate all property and casualty insurers could shelter $40 billion annually by shifting operations to Bermuda, avoiding $7 billion in taxes annually; Treasury would be deprived of 4 cents of every dollar income taxes currently collected from corporations of all kinds; state governments would suffer similar financial consequences; chart (M)
''In my opinion -- and I'm entirely prejudiced -- if I were you, I'd go on eBay and see if you can find some 30-year-old toaster oven that's still in good shape,'' he said.
There may be some truth to the charge -- Coca-Cola says that its profits of $1.60 per share in 2001 would have been reduced to $1.51 per share if it had reported options as expenses.
Microsoft plans to move to dismiss the case based on the states' failure to show they were injured by the company's actions.
Although A.T.& T. is one of the world's biggest providers of international telephone service to and from the United States, it has thus far had little presence as a service provider within other countries.
An article in Business Day yesterday about Xerox's reorganization plans misstated the relationship between the company and Tektronix, which makes testing and measurement devices.
Nokia and IBM will announce agreement to develop software to distribute music and other media securely to cellphones over wireless radio networks in effort to broaden market for wireless services beyond telephone service and simple text messages; are also announcing licensing deal in which Nokia's wireless software will be integrated with IBM's digital media software and will be sold and supported by IBM's big services unit; software used by Nokia and INM is based on Java, programming language developed by Sun Microsystems; analysts say announcements represent attempt by two companies to open door to richer set of wireless media offerings in future and deflect emerging threat from Microsoft in market for software for mobile handheld devices (M)
WASHINGTON, Dec. 20 (Reuters) -- The Tracinda Corporation, the holding company of the billionaire investor Kirk Kerkorian, said on Tuesday that it sold 12 million shares of General Motors this month for federal and state tax purposes.
The analysts said that SBC and Qwest could use the AT&T and MCI networks as entrees into new parts of the country and, in turn, force Verizon and BellSouth to fight back.
Three of the dozen biggest companies -- Oxford Health Plans, the United Healthcare Corporation and Humana Inc. -- were, respectively, 94, 77 and 71 days behind in their payments at the end of last year, based on company reports as analyzed by industry experts.
Pfizer has sought the counsel of shareholders about whether the company should proceed with an acquisition using the purchase accounting method.
National Transportation Safety Board says jack screw, part of tail assembly on Alaska Airlines MD-83 jetliner that crashed off California coast killing all 88 people aboard, had been found by airline to be worn and in need of replacement in September 1997 but that airline later decided it was good enough to keep in use (M)
Apple said unit shipments were 650,000, an 8 percent increase from the quarter a year earlier, and up 2 percent from 635,000 in the December quarter.
Correction:  October 28, 2004, Thursday  An article yesterday about Marsh & McLennan, the world's largest broker of insurance, and its web of relationships with insurers referred incorrectly to a rival, Willis Group Holdings.
For the Xeroxes of the world, meanwhile, spinning out ventures is a relatively risk-free way to participate in new technologies without weakening their concentration on main product lines.
''Our competitors are doing it and we have to do it,'' said Tom Lynch, I.B.M.
By selling its disk-drive business, is I.B.M.
On his way to the meeting, Microsoft's lead lawyer, Brad Smith, was asked by reporters how confident he was.
Correction of mispelling of car Opel in Jan 30 article on General Motors' purchase of Delta Motor Corp stake
America Online-Time Warner merger is not as advantageous for Time Warner and its shareholders as it was when it was announced nine months ago; Internet may not be as lucrative an arena as it appeared in January, and plans for broadband dream house, bringing America Online's Internet service and Time Warner's cable networks under one roof, may be impaired by surprisingly tough zoning rules imposed by federal antitrust officials; AOL stock that Time Warner shareholders would receive is worth far less now than it was when deal was announced, and merger agreement does not provide for renegotation to adjust ratio of AOL shares for every Time Warner share to compensate for drop in AOL's share price (M)
The ground-level windows were blocked to prevent people from peering in at Hasbro's products for the next season.
''This makes it easier for News Corp. to do deals.
At 63 pages, the Intel rebuttal was 15 pages longer than the lawsuit itself.
Under the plan, Aetna will pay primary care doctors additional fees to screen patients for depression and to provide follow-up consultations for patients who are either put on antidepressants or, in more severe cases, referred to psychiatrists or psychologists.
But Nike extracted a high price for the right to buy its shoes: Warrants to acquire 12 percent of Fogdog's shares.
For behind the hoopla that has surrounded the .Net proclamation is a more remarkable transformation of Microsoft.
Verizon Communications, the nation's largest phone company, said it would start selling high-speed Internet connections using fiber optic lines in three local areas as part of its nationwide introduction.
To get to the hundreds of bottles of wine, customers must pass through steel and glass doors marked, ''The Wine Store at Whole Foods.''
Procter & Gamble says it will immediately end animal testing for 80 percent of its consumer products; groups that had engaged in lengthy battle to force Procter & Gamble praise for company's announcement; company says science and technology have advanced to where company can confirm safety of finished products through nonanimal alternatives (M)
For I.B.M., the options now are fight, settle or perhaps buy out SCO.
''When business travelers decide where to stay the decision often comes down to high-speed Internet access,'' said Liam Brown, the Marriott senior vice president for the brand, which has 400 hotels in the United States, Canada and Mexico.
and Apple have still not made good on a 1994 agreement to produce a common hardware design that could run multiple operating systems, including the Mac OS.
But those talks, which usually took place in discreet dining rooms at hotels in Philadelphia and Manhattan, broke down when AT&T's board rejected any deal in which Comcast would control more than 50 percent of the combined company.
In part, Kohl's was able to avoid major discounting because its stores are intentionally located far from big malls.
's $45 billion aerospace merger with Honeywell International.
''Comcast is trying to protect its monopoly,'' said Bob Whitelaw, the executive vice president and general manager of M.A.S.N.
While Microsoft is not a litigant in the antitrust trial, the company's strategy in business software looms large in the government's case.
Wal-Mart court filing claims that former marketing executives Julie Roehm and Sean Womack engaged in sexual relationship and sought jobs with advertising agency DraftFCB during process of selecting agency for retailer; counterclaim is in response to lawsuit filed shortly after Roehm's dismissal; Roehm and Womack deny charges; photo (M)
Technology Briefing
Amgen sells a second-generation product, Aranesp, which requires less frequent injections or infusions.
The Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company said on Wednesday that it expected to restate as much as $100 million in earnings dating back to 1998 because of a series of accounting and billing errors.
The General Motors Corporation said today that its sales increased for the first time in 10 months, rising 4.1 percent in March from a year ago.
On Amazon.com, a shopper can only select two attributes, leaving the customer to wade through a greater selection of irrelevant products, Mr. Marney said.
Now Palm Pilot people can leave at least the pager behind with the help of Motorola, Page Mart and 3Com.
Just on the cusp of celebrity, she is the kind of left-of-the dial personality Gap has traditionally embraced, a roster that in the past included Will Ferrell, Ashton Kutcher, Jamie Foxx, Lenny Kravitz and Macy Gray, all of whom modeled or sang in the company's ad campaigns.
For Kodak, that means a choppy sail through uncharted, and possibly shark-infested, waters.
Stephen A. Mandell Sr., president of the chapter, recalls making an offhand remark about quality problems at one of Corning's Steuben glass plants.
Maurice R Greenberg, who built American International Group into global insurance powerhouse, and shaped entire industry during nearly 40 years at company's helm, steps down as chief executive after series of run-ins with regulators raise questions about its complex and often obscure operations; his exit comes after lengthy discussions by company's directors in recent days and appears intended to avert head-on collision with SEC and New York Atty Gen Eliot Spitzer; Greenberg had been scheduled to appear for deposition in Spitzer's office to answer questions about transaction that regulators say may have artificially bolstered company's financial position (L)
''We're pleased that the settlement process can continue to move forward,'' said Ben Deutsch, a spokesman for Coke.
Microsoft has tried to settle its antitrust class actions, including agreeing to pay a $1.1 billion settlement in California earlier this year.
Many consumers experienced sticker shock after prices of many cereal brands climbed to more than $5 a box last year, leading Kellogg and its principal rivals, General Mills and the Post Cereal Company unit of the Philip Morris Companies, to cut prices.
Merck's legal problems do not end there, for it has now lost two of the four Vioxx cases that have gone to trial.
In yet another example of how rising interest rates can devastate seemingly low-risk activities, the Mellon Bank Corporation said yesterday that it would take a $130 million after-tax loss to bail out customers of its securities lending division for investments gone awry.
The younger Mr. Fisher quit as president of the Gap stores division in 1999, but has remained a director.
NEW ORLEANS REVIVAL -- As New Orleans stirs back to life commercially, Marriott International said yesterday that 12 of its hotels in the city were now accepting reservations for arrivals starting Nov. 1.
They have already said they will launch a reality channel and maybe a business news channel.''
Tenzing is partly owned by Boeing's archrival, Airbus.
Space is being put aside to build a section to handle gas from Exxon's field, creating a product that could be inserted into Japan's distribution system.
With the era of the Cuban-born Mr. Goizueta now history, Coca-Cola is expected to return to its Georgia roots in choosing the new chief executive, analysts say.
If Merck has a light top-line performance, investors may worry if they can carry both through.''
He argues that Microsoft has a huge temptation to pursue a strategy of locking in the developers, as the company did with the desktop PC.
Federal appeals court orders Judge Alfred M Wolin, who is overseeing five important asbestos-related bankruptcy proceedings, to withdraw from W R Grace, Owens Corning and US Gypsum cases because of appearance of bias; legal experts say decision will probably force new delays and might cause far-reaching economic repercussions in long-running litigation; three-judge panel says Wolin has not done anything wrong or unethical or biased; will decide later whether to remove Wolin from case involving Armstrong World, which had been asked to be included in any withdrawal order; legal experts say it will be up to Wolin to decide whether to continue overseeing fifth case, involving Federal-Mogul Global; ruling was requested by Kensington International Ltd, which bought $275 million in Owens Corning bank debt soon after company sought bankruptcy protection, and Springfield Associates, another holder of distressed debt; photo (M)
"The marketplace has not accepted EO's products," said Carl Ledbetter, president of AT&T consumer products.
As such, he said Greenhill & Company's findings ''do not seem to address the full range of issues'' needed to assess Microsoft's future.
Regulators in the Bush Administration have also been generally sympathetic to mergers, which has not escaped AT&T's attention, analysts said.
Yesterday Coca-Cola's shares fell $1.0625, or 1.6 percent, to close at $66.0625, the lowest since Oct. 14.
Corning said it had not changed its first-quarter pro forma earnings expectations of 28 to 31 cents per share.
It is now one of Xerox's most profitable units.
''Search will be even more of a choke point on the mobile device than on the PC because navigation is so hard,'' said Marco Boerries, the senior vice president in charge of Yahoo's wireless efforts.
Some management professors and consultants say that Coca-Cola needs to do more.
New York State Atty Gen Eliot Spitzer's probe of fees that insurance companies pay insurance brokers is advancing; several major insurance companies have received subpoenas from Spitzer's office, in addition to four brokers that reported last month that they were under investigation--Marsh & McLennan Cos, Aon, Willis Group Holdings and Kaye Insurance Associates; Chubb and Hartford Financial Services Group say they have received subpoenas; American International Group declines comment; investigation is looking into potential conflicts of interest among brokers, whose role is to arrange best possible coverage for corporate clients at best possible price (Market Place column) (M)
Inventory of the console has been essentially exhausted in North America, and Microsoft says it is getting consoles to retailers as quickly as it can produce them.
Cigna's stock had been a stellar performer since the Philadelphia company reported earnings on May 2 that were better than expected.
Since it received its first subpoena from Mr. Spitzer in the spring, Aon has said that it is cooperating with the investigation.
Moreover, if Microsoft attempts to integrate Web search features directly into its coming Longhorn operating system, it could restart the bitter feud that led to the government antitrust case that grew out of Netscape's failure.
Since then, Microsoft has worked more closely with the commission and the outside consultant, Neil Barrett, and received more detailed instruction on what was required.
Within the next few weeks, analysts expect leading computer makers to begin selling the first servers that feature Intel's newest chip, called the Itanium.
Microsoft, which holds 7.4 percent of Comcast and has helped the company in deals in the past, is saying nothing about Comcast's unsolicited $54 billion bid for Disney, or any role that it might play in a corporate drama that could run for some time.
I.B.M.
''In a season of what has been pretty healthy numbers from retailers, Wal-Mart has been lackluster, to say the least,'' said Adrianne Shapira, an analyst at Goldman Sachs.
And he said the union wanted Ford, the General Motors Corporation and DaimlerChrysler A.G. to help insure that their suppliers remain neutral in drives to unionize those companies.
If Frontier's board does approve the new deal, the companies will probably announce the agreement today.
Cisco Systems sales continue to slow, registering no increase in February; graph (S)
Red Hat Software Inc, which distributes and provides technical support for Linux operating system, to announce that it has received equity investments from some of technology industry's most influential companies: Compaq Computer Corp, IBM, Novell Inc and Oracle Corp (S)
Paul Allaire, Xerox's chairman, selected an external candidate to succeed him.
Nonetheless, Lockheed Martin stock rose.
In a telephone interview yesterday from his home in Los Angeles, Mr. Gillespie, 21, said he was unaware of the judgment and that no one from Microsoft or the court had yet followed up.
Cisco reported a revenue increase of 12 percent, to $4.8 billion for the quarter, up from $4.3 billion a year ago.
Federal Bankruptcy Judge Robert Gerber clears say for Time Warner and Comcast to proceed with acquisition of Adelphia Communications; approves $440 million breakup fee, payable to Time Warner and Comcast, if another bidder should better their $17.6 billion offer (M)
There is no prospect of reviving the MCI deal, regardless of the court's decision, but the stakes will be anything but academic on Thursday, when some of the most respected legal minds in Europe are to congregate in the court's largest courtroom for the Microsoft hearing.
Airbus, meanwhile, is seeking to increase further its lead over Boeing in terms of numbers of orders landed this year.
Senior Citigroup executives acknowledge that the asset management business, which through the first nine months of this year contributed a mere 2.2 percent to the company's overall profits, is not a core business.
''This settlement seems to closely track the appeals court ruling,'' said George L. Priest, a professor at the Yale law school, who has consulted for Microsoft occasionally.
Of course, the deal promised a fast way to adapt the company's print and television assets for Internet use, something Time Warner had found frustratingly difficult despite years of trying.
Over all, AT&T's reported revenue of $12.59 billion in the quarter, down about 9.5 percent from $13.91 billion in the period a year earlier.
Wall Street's earnings growth, fueled by two years of robust trading gains, is showing signs that it may taper off in coming quarters as sluggish stock market and less-favorable trading environment take toll on profits; earnings of Goldman Sachs and Lehman Brothers are impressive, but mask continuing slump in their investment banking and equities capital markets business that is likely to show up in results of Morgan Stanley, Bear, Stearns and Merrill Lynch (M)
A public interest group best known for its litigation efforts against President Bill Clinton filed a lawsuit today accusing Vice President Cheney and the company he ran for five years, the Halliburton Company, of engaging in accounting fraud.
The machinists' union represents about a quarter of Boeing's total work force of 200,000 but nearly half the 100,000 at its flagship commercial-airplane division.
Xerox Facing New Pressures Over Auditing
The effort is intended not only to raise the profile of the company's $12 billion-a-year software business, but also to highlight the striking changes I.B.M.
NTL, struggling to integrate a merger, improve its image and seal a deal with Virgin Mobile, named Stephen Burch, president of Comcast's Atlantic division, to the positions, effective Jan. 16.
The Microsoft-America Online contract expired Jan. 1.
The Cigna Corporation says its holdings of potentially troublesome bonds and mortgage loans more than doubled last year.
Intel said its initial customers included the e-Citi unit of Citigroup, Excite@Home Shopping Service, and NEC.
The sale drew suitors like Alcatel of France, Pirelli of Italy and JDS Uniphase in addition to Furukawa and Corning.
Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency chooses IBM, Sun Microsystems, Cray Inc and SGI to run research programs aimed at developing next generation of high-performance computing systems, which it expects to fill gap between today's supercomputers and expected arrival of quantum computing in 15 or 20 years; each program will receive about $3 million for initial one-year study to develop basic concepts and realistic performance measurements (S)
AT&T has been awarded a $1.2 billion contract to lay the longest undersea fiber optic cable system, 17,000 miles of cable connecting Britain and Japan, the company said yesterday.
In both cases, Marriott executives say their actions were proper.
But she and Mr. Willumstad said they did not think the contraction of that business would significantly affect Citigroup's earnings.
Such concern caused Amgen's stock to drop 13 percent since the close of trading Wednesday.
E-Commerce Report on so-called click data--information on who has clicked on advertising banner or some other particular link--and its importance to Web site publishers, advertising agencies and companies that buy ads; says that such information has been shared freely, but that may change now that IBM is testing new techniques of serving its ads to Internet users in way that prevents publishers from knowing who clicked on IBM ads displayed on their Web sites; photo (M)
Michael D. Eisner, chairman of the Walt Disney Company, told a sympathetic Senate Commerce Committee today that only the threat of government intervention would spur the technology industry to take the necessary steps to prevent illicit copying of digital movies.
Coalition of consumer and environmental groups annouces what they hope will be biggest and best-organized effort yet in US to pressure food companies to abandon use of genetically modified crops; starting with Campbell Soup Co, coalition says it will target well-known food companies and try to generate thousands of consumer letters, phone calls and signatures on petitions urging them to stop using genetically modified foods until more testing is done; group also wants all companies to label products tha contain such ingredients (M)
Yet in its antitrust battle, Microsoft has three levels of concern.
''The whole family is with Fifth Third.''
Last Thursday, it introduced Google Desktop Search, a program that is a direct challenge to Microsoft's control of desktop computing because it searches for information on a user's personal computer as well as on the Web.
Still, she continued, a lot of big companies "have followed AT&T out here, so it isn't like there are no other opportunities."
Paul Travis, principal of Manhattan development company Kingsbridge Associates, plans to build $80 million, 230,000-square-foot retail center, with Target department store as anchor, in Marble Hill section of Bronx; Travis comments; map (M)
She wanted in particular to know the formula Halliburton had used to arrive at the smaller payment.
Coca-Cola intensified its public relations effort in European newspapers yesterday, purchasing full-age ads published in France, Italy and Spain.
An article in Business Day on Friday about an agreement by the United Healthcare Corporation to buy Humana Inc. misstated the number of customers in Florida that the combined companies would have.
Under the terms of the deal, AT&T's Worldnet subscribers will have access to America Online for reduced rates, starting next  summer.
With pharmaceutical companies frustrated that patents on genes are impeding their drug development efforts, Bristol-Myers Squibb has teamed up with a little known company, Athersys Inc., that claims it can circumvent these patents.
I.B.M.
For years, the core of the industry has been companies like I.B.M., Comdisco and SunGard, which maintain ''hot sites'' where clients quickly relocate their most critical information systems.
The deal is a victory for marketers at Bayer and GlaxoSmithKline, who must convince men that Levitra (pronounced luh-VEE-tra) is better than Viagra, the diamond-shaped blue pill introduced in 1998 by Pfizer that has changed how the world views impotence.
The market leaders, which also include Kimberly-Clark, Playtex Products and Johnson & Johnson, are also introducing new products, or variations on old standards, at dizzying rates and backing them with hefty marketing budgets.
As measured by its revenue in the last 12 months of $27.7 billion, Time Warner is already the largest of the conventional media companies.
MR. HOLLEY -- As Mr. Urowsky has explained over the last two days, Microsoft believes that the district court's liability determinations are not sustainable.
Although the documents were obtained by outside contractors hired by P.& G., Procter & Gamble fired three people from its staff after the espionage came to light.
The job at Morgan Stanley seemed like a fresh start.
At that court proceeding, Ms. Druyun said she favored Boeing in several multibillion- dollar Air Force contracts.
He cited the hundreds of millions spent to shore up Microsoft's products, and its plans to deliver more secure products in the future.
In addition, Microsoft plans to take as much as a $4 billion stake in the combined company and possibly help develop future digital set-top boxes.
Kohl's is also able to control the size and timing of promotions because it gets better prices from its suppliers.
The announcement expected from the International Business Machines Corporation is perhaps more significant because it advances the process used to make all types of semiconductors, including microprocessors, memory chips and special-purpose chips employed in everything from automobiles to high-speed networks.
About 20 million people took Vioxx between May 1999, when Merck began selling the drug, and September 2004, when Merck withdrew Vioxx from the market after a clinical trial showed that it was linked to heart attacks and strokes.
Intel dominates the chip business: its microprocessors power 85 percent to 90 percent of the world's computers.
But in a conference call this morning with Microsoft and the government, Judge Jackson gave the Justice Department until Monday to respond, and Microsoft until Wednesday to file a counterresponse.
But rather than being an original-content news site, news.yahoo.com  is a portal to material from other news organizations, including Reuters and The New York Times on the Web.
Since the beginning of August, the restaurant business, which includes everything from McDonald's to corner bars to four-star restaurants, has accounted for 18 percent of the 300,000 jobs created in the nation.
A decade after Wal-Mart arrived in Canada, Edward Strapagiel, a senior vice president at Kubas Consultants in Toronto, expects few surprises from it when preparing his annual survey of the country's retail market.
''From the point of view of the science-fiction writers, this is the mundane aspect of constructing a global brain,'' said Richard F. Rashid, the head of research at Microsoft.
Board of directors of Taubman Centers real estate empire and Taubman family reject unsolicited $1.48 billion bid for its properties from Simon Property Group; indicate that no efforts to purchase Taubman Centers will be productive (M)
For example, General Motors recalled 713,435 midsize cars from the 1988-91 model years, because bolts could corrode and pull through a cradle supporting the engine, causing a loss of steering.
At the same time, Intel is extending its reach, moving into the business of graphics chips used in multimedia computing.
Indeed, Yahoo has said it has no seizable assets in France -- although some legal experts have suggested that money owed Yahoo by its French-language affiliate, Yahoo France, could be at risk.
In the Microsoft case, Judge Jackson had approved a protective order in May limiting public access to confidential business information gathered by the Government and Microsoft during pretrial discovery.
Senior Microsoft Executive To Leave Management Job
The announcement comes nine months after eBay raised eyebrows by spending $2.6 billion for Skype, a European start-up that at the time had just $60 million in sales.
Coca-Cola, which is expected to announce its fourth-quarter earnings this week, holds a 44 percent stake in Coca-Cola Enterprises.
Court Again Rebuffs Microsoft On Bundling of Its Software
Microsoft offered its limited compromise proposal.
Intel said it expected fourth-quarter revenue of $10.2 billion to $10.8 billion, slightly lower than analysts had estimated.
Though the Boeing Company has spent most of the year struggling to keep up with the demand for its commercial airplanes, the company said yesterday that after it increased production of its jets next year it then planned to eliminate 12,000 jobs by the end of 1998.
Microsoft and Polycom to announce multiyear development and marketing partnership intended to combine further existing audio and videoconferencing technology with personal computers (S)
Last week, European officials circulated a similar draft rejection of the merger between Time Warner and EMI.
In February, Nike also began a Web site called nikegoddess.com and a similarly named magazine that is packaged as a slick advertising insert in Sports Illustrated for Women, In Style and other publications.
With the AOL-Time Warner merger now before the Federal Trade Commission and the Federal Communications Commission, Mr. Klein of the Justice Department doesn't have jurisdiction in the matter.
And three either sat on other boards with Home Depot's influential lead director, Kenneth G. Langone, or were former executives at companies with significant business relationships with Mr. Langone.
Earnings Increase 3% at General Electric
Netflix, too, has its niche side.
The ads using ''freedom of expression'' ran only in college-oriented newspapers during the third quarter of last year, said Mr. Roberts, the AT&T spokesman.
Demand Off, Boeing to Stop Making MD-11
Marcus Kemp was named vice chairman and chief creative officer, a new post, at the Atlanta office of BBDO Worldwide, part of the Omnicom Group.
Stephen Crawford, Morgan Stanley's chief financial officer, said the firm's energy trading business would remain profitable, ''just less profitable than we've been in the past.''
Despite the sunshine and jaunty spirits, AT&T is learning a hard lesson about the explosive, unpredictable growth of the Internet.
Stepping into that job now is Jeffrey H. Blattner, who has been a special counsel in the division serving as chief of staff for the Microsoft case.
Gap to close Forth & Towne, its 18-month-old chain for professional women that failed to catch on; will close 19 stores by June, at cost of about $40 million; Gap chief executive Robert J Fisher hints that Forth & Towne became unneeded distraction from troubled Gap and Old Navy brands; photo (M)
In Miami, where AT&T had 600,000 subscribers, Comcast has added more Spanish-language channels and is spending more money marketing to Hispanic households than AT&T did.
A golfer would need Mr. Woods's accuracy with a putter instead of an iron at the 12-acre complex that Nike's rival Adidas is completing in a residential and industrial area of the city.
The paying sites will be intermingled with others in Yahoo's main search results listings, which are separate from the advertising called ''sponsor results'' on top of and to the side of Yahoo's search results.
Although the powerful home computers will come with a Microsoft label, they will be built by Flextronics.
The Intel Corporation, I.B.M., AT&T Wireless and several other wireless and Internet service providers including Verizon Communications and Cingular are exploring the creation of a company to deploy a network based on the increasingly popular 802.11 wireless data standard, known as WiFi, according to several people close to the talks.
's outsourcing plans to help rally I.B.M.
This year, the company had predicted 3 percent growth, but yesterday, Basil L. Anderson, Campbell's chief financial officer, said growth would be closer to 1 percent.
Shortly after he left, Waste Management announced that two top financial executives were leaving and that it would adopt a more conservative approach to accounting for earnings.
Factor out Cisco, Nortel and Lucent Technologies -- the three largest and most-established equipment makers -- and the valuations appear even more extreme.
Motorola's operating margins, a crucial gauge of profitability, improved to 11.7 percent in the third quarter, compared with 11.3 percent in the previous period.
At the analysts' conference, Intel executives said that the prospects for semiconductor industry worldwide were brightening, with revenue expected to rise 20 percent or so in 2004 to roughly $195 billion.
Directing growth to Boeing's old property and downtown has had another benefit: it lets the city comply with the state's Growth Management Act without altering the character of its single-family neighborhoods.
This year, Communities in Schools was hoping to piggyback on eBay's brand-name status.
Only yesterday morning did Johnson & Johnson address the elephant, in a terse news release saying the company had ''determined not to increase its last offer for Guidant Corporation, because to do so would not have been in the best interest of its shareholders.''
Microsoft Loses Key Strategist To Retirement
Interpublic fell 14.6 percent, to $30.74, and True North dropped 14.9 percent, to $34.74.
With Mr. Purcell's new focus on loyalty -- Mr. Pandit was forced out because he declared his fidelity to Morgan Stanley, not Mr. Purcell -- and the rapid promotion of Stephen S. Crawford and Zoe Cruz to co-presidents, many investment bankers claim that the firm's spirit of meritocracy is fading.
The Goldman Sachs Group proposes to eliminate the 28-year-old plaza -- a landscaped expanse of red brick that offers commanding East River views to anyone intrepid enough to ascend -- and replace it with a 240-foot-high building, having at least seven vast trading floors.
To be fair, Xerox does offer computer printers, and software and services as diverse as printing customers' manuals, running their data centers, even consulting with them on quality management.
Doctors fear the behemoth will harden Aetna's already aggressive assault on tests and procedures it deems excessive, and some consumer advocates worry that an enlarged Aetna will bully patients.
Cisco, the leading maker of Internet networking equipment, said it earned $729 million, or 10 cents a share, for the quarter ended April 27.
Under the terms of today's deal, AT&T will build a digital phone network with 1.5 million lines, and supply the extensive switching equipment, network management systems and training projects that the network will require.
Merck and Johnson & Johnson post robust fourth-quarter results; Merck reports 12 percent increase in profits; net income was $1.76 billion compared with $1.57 billion year earlier; Johnson & Johnson's profit rose 16 percent, to $924 million compared with $796 million a year ago; net income was $891 million compared with $754 million in year-earlier quarter (M)
At the same time, labor unions have objected to any deal with Micron, which they fear will reduce the current Hynix work force of about 15,000 people.
Privacy advocates are concerned that Intel's chips, which were designed to enhance the security of electronic commerce and safeguard against software piracy, would make it easy for governments and on-line marketers to follow computer users around the Internet and build profiles about their Internet habits.
hardware, said Tom E. Conway, the head of I.B.M.
Joseph Sellers, a lawyer in Washington who represents the Wal-Mart plaintiffs, all but two of whom have left the company, said: ''They can't have it both ways.
Gen Gregory S Martin asks that his nomination to command American forces in Pacific be withdrawn after Sen John McCain questions his fitness for command at confirmation hearing; McCain cites case of Air Force procurement official who has been sentenced to prison for favoring Boeing Co in contracts while seeking jobs there for herself and her family; Martin worked with official from 1998 until 1999 (S)
I.B.M.
One strategy the two sides have discussed to resolve their differences is a ''cash-rich split'' in which Liberty would swap some News Corporation shares for cash and a small asset.
In his letter, Mr. Weill said the slide in Citigroup's stock was ''completely disconnected'' from the company's financial condition.
''Both of those firms were performing well, exceeding expectations, in the category of performance and in the category of cost,'' said Thomas Mars, Wal-Mart's general counsel.
General Electric has held informal discussions with European regulators about selling a minority stake in its aviation financing business in hopes of winning approval for its proposed acquisition of Honeywell International, executives close to the talks said yesterday.
''Bill Boeing must be turning over in his grave to learn his company is being ripped from its roots and moved cross country.''
United Healthcare executives declined to comment beyond the company's announcement yesterday.
But Amazon has plans to expand its offerings to the next tier of 500 publishers and expects to promote the program at the book industry's trade convention in April.
Carrefour, Wal-Mart and the Lotus chain of supermarkets, the last owned by a Thai conglomerate, Charoen Pokphand Foods, are expanding rapidly in urban China.
Mr. Brittan, the United Technologies executive, said the company expected annual savings to soon grow to $1.2 billion, reducing costs for raw materials and supplies to $12.8 billion a year.
Four years ago, as the Boeing Company was struggling to remain profitable amid production problems, Philip M. Condit insisted in a side-by-side interview with Harry C. Stonecipher that the two were precisely the right team to lead the company.
Mattel said it planned new titles based on Rockett, Purple Moon's spunky heroine, who favors spiky orange bangs and such issues as whether to join the popular clique at school.
But Peter Solvik, Cisco's chief information officer, insists that before long companies in any field can do the same.
Last fall, after years of a steadily underperforming stock price for Disney, Mr. Eisner successfully fended off a boardroom coup and bested his chief critic and fellow board member, Stanley P. Gold, investment adviser to the family of Roy E. Disney, Walt Disney's nephew.
Under the current contract, Verizon can transfer just 0.7 percent of the work force in a given state each year, but Verizon, union officials say, wants to increase that to 8 percent a year.
Apple stock dipped $1.71, to $90.48, in after-hours trading after the announcement.
Aetna will not buy the self-insured business.
Jones Apparel Group chief executive Peter Boneparth has purchased two clothing lines, created new one to replace Polo Ralph Lauren and is in midst of hostile takeover bid for Maxwell Shoe, $225 million company that holds license to make Anne Klein shoes, in less than two years since becoming chief executive; Boneparth comments (M)
Time Warner and EMI executives said that they had not given up hope of winning approval for their deal, but the difficulties will be hard to overcome.
Morgan Stanley missed consensus estimates on per-share earnings by 12 cents a share.
Other big banks, including Bank of America, Wells Fargo and Washington Mutual, have taken similar steps, they said.
General Electric Co's planned acquisition of Honeywell International appears near collapse after GE says that its final concessions will probably not satisfy European regulators; GE chairman-chief executive John F Welch Jr says European regulators' demands exceed anything he or European advisers imagined, and differ sharply from antitrust counterparts in US and Canada; events lead to internal meetings at United Technologies about possibility of making bid for Honeywell; proposed Honeywell acquisition would be first big American deal to be blocked soley by European regulators; Europeans worry that combined company could control too much of market for aviation products and could direct far too much business to itself (M)
Their first product was a search engine, which Inktomi still sells as a service to portals like Yahoo and Hotbot.
If all goes as planned, the agreement means that CNN, a unit of Turner Broadcasting System Inc., will soon be able to deliver its business news reports -- as well as business information products developed exclusively for AT&T -- directly to personal computers and other digital communications devices around the world.
Express Scripts Moves to Derail a Merger
's lack of respect for Microsoft.''
At Wal-Mart's headquarters in Bentonville, Ark., however, the message from these missteps is now registering loud and clear.
When they type ''Apple'' into the search box, it will return the company's stock quote, followed by news articles about it, nearby stores and other information culled from Yahoo's Internet properties, like related photos from its Flickr service.
SBC and Yahoo are also expanding their partnership.
Yahoo is introducing a series of features to help people find local advertisers in competition with the Yellow Pages.
But when it came to putting actual numbers on the outlook, Motorola remained cautious enough to make Wall Street look overly optimistic for the near term.
Today's I.B.M.
Microsoft, which has aggressively been trying to gain a foothold in cable and high-definition television, has been offering manufacturers significant discounts on Windows 98 if they agree to install television-tuner cards as standard equipment on their new computers.
Indeed, for Mr. Levin, analysts say, the point of this deal was never simply to get the most money for Time Warner shareholders now.
David Bernstein, a professor at George Mason University School of Law in Fairfax, Va., said that the Dow Corning offer showed that fighting until the bitter end was ''not always worth it, even if the truth is on your side.''
Frontier Corp and Qwest Communications Corp announces plans for $2 billion national network to carry telephone conversations and data; are betting future Internet traffic will fill communications pipelines as fast as they can be built (M)
In New York City, only a scattering of union members could be found at Verizon facilities, perhaps because of the progress in the talks.
''The Wal-Mart culture is as consistent today as it was when Sam was alive,'' Mr. Peterson, president and chief executive of Hollis Enterprises, a Bentonville consulting company that counts Wal-Mart among its clients, said in a telephone interview.
Citigroup played a considerably larger role in the issuance of securities than did Bank of America.''
Pfizer and the F.D.A.
When a customer in, say, New York, made a call to San Francisco, MCI would pay the standard access charge to Verizon for originating the call.
Now basking in its newfound profitability, MSN is again on the offensive, competing with Yahoo, the Internet portal, even more than with AOL.
But the new flexibility Microsoft is giving PC makers is centered on the browser, allowing manufacturers to remove access to Internet Explorer, if they choose.
A Coca-Cola spokesman, Ben Deutsch, said in a statement, ''This accusation is nothing more than an irresponsible attempt by plaintiffs' counsel to seed erroneous information in the public and maliciously attack the integrity and ethics of the company.''
His language, by shock-radio standards, was quite mild: he merely described the chief executive of CBS and his former boss as ''the biggest jerk on the planet.''
PENSION FUND CONTESTS MOLSON EMPLOYEES' VOTE
AT&T, which acquired NCR in September 1991 after a long, hostile takeover battle, never really combined the strengths it had envisioned between computers  and communications.
They said they did not expect similar shortfalls from other industry leaders, like Humana, UnitedHealth Group and Wellpoint Health Networks.
However, based on the figures released by Comcast and Cox yesterday, and those reported by SBC Communications and BellSouth in the past week, the cable industry appears to have won 52 percent of all new subscribers, according to Aryeh Bourkoff, an industry analyst at UBS Securities.
Were Verizon to reacquire control of Genuity, it would also have to consolidate Genuity's $3 billion in debt and its annual losses -- $4 billion last year -- into its own financial statements.
But a person close to the European Commission's antitrust regulators said that the company's statement on Thursday indicated that Microsoft was more eager to reach an agreement than it has been in the last four years.
According to lawyers familiar with her testimony, Ms. Reichel's deposition alluded to the destruction and withholding of evidence that would have been relevant to the Justice Department's previous investigation of Microsoft, which the company settled in 1995.
Mr. Whitacre then turned his attention to buying AT&T.
A federal jury in Portland, Ore., found Wal-Mart Stores, the world's largest retailer, guilty yesterday of forcing its employees to work unpaid overtime in the first of 40 such lawsuits to go to trial.
Mr. Greene charged in a motion on Friday that Pfizer was selectively seeking to keep confidential the documents that were ''the most damaging.''
Mark Dowley, who has served since June 2002 as chairman and chief executive of the Sports and Entertainment Group at the Interpublic Group of Companies in New York, is leaving to join Endeavor, the Beverly Hills, Calif., talent agency, executives briefed on Mr. Dowley's plans said.
Profits were up sharply from the 2001 quarter, when Intel earned 7 cents a share, but much of the improvement was related to a change to comply with new accounting standards.
And this worries Jay Senese, who sells CD's on eBay with his wife, Marie.
In awarding a $212 million contract to the Lockheed Martin Corporation, the Metropolitan Transportation Authority has adopted a bold, but unproven, approach to transit security, experts in the field say.
THOMAS J. ENGIBOUS, the chief executive of Texas Instruments, wasted no time Thursday in putting an upbeat chip industry forecast delivered by his economist, Vladi Catto, in the right perspective.
''Rather than take a reasonable approach, Microsoft took an extreme and illogical course,'' said Philip R. Malone, the antitrust division's lead trial lawyer in the case.
He declined to address how Microsoft could meet the commission's desire to establish a precedent in having a say over future products.
Pfizer is based in New York.
The commission is expected to push Microsoft toward offering to license two types of operating systems to European PC manufacturers: one with Media Player and one without.
Among the announcements was the introduction of a hardware upgrade to the Xbox 360 video-game system that will permit the system to deliver the Microsoft interactive television service being offered by partners, including AT&T.
''Wal-Mart wants competition,'' Mr. Greenberg said.
Outlining the Government's concerns about the proposed deal for the first time, the officials said that Lockheed Martin would have to divest itself of some or all divisions making the systems.
One advertiser buying time is a Super Bowl newcomer, the Procter & Gamble Company.
Amtrak, with help from Yahoo and Compaq Computer, began offering free wireless Internet service on some of its trains.
BBDO Toronto gains the Campbell's ''red and white'' condensed soups and the Home Cookin' line of soups from Bates; BBDO New York already handles those brands in America.
A Truce on the Super Bowl By Fox and Time Warner
In a statement, a Microsoft spokesman said: ''Microsoft is pleased to reach agreement with Bristol to put this issue completely behind us.
And in the short term, at least, most of Boeing's customers, already losing money, may not be in a position to spend for new technology.
Last year, Asda opened its first Asda Wal-Mart Supercentre, which sells food, clothing and home products, much like the Wal-Mart supercenters in the United States.
Intel's chief financial officer, Andy D. Bryant, said sales in July and August were better than expected.
Microsoft has three options in Comcast-Disney takeover fight: play the savior, banker or stay on sidelines; Microsoft, which holds 7.4 percent of Comcast, has helped company in deals in past; Wall Street investment bankers say they have not yet detected any signs that Microsoft is interested in playing role in merger (M)
And despite a Microsoft-sponsored rally last week in New York to demonstrate industry opposition to delaying the release of Windows 98, the nation's leading personal computer manufacturers are not proving to be the zealous allies that Microsoft executives might hope for.
Correction:  June 1, 1998, Monday  An article in Business Day on Friday about an agreement by the United Healthcare Corporation to buy Humana Inc. misstated the number of customers in Florida that the combined companies would have.
Turning to the other agency companies, several shops owned by Interpublic are combining operations.
I.B.M.
Interpublic's chief is an outsider, but his financial acumen may be just what the company needs.
Moreover, I.B.M.
2 in the industry after Carnival, has already received approval to merge with P&O from national regulators in Germany and Britain.
Several companies are poised to profit from consumers' new ability to switch their cellphone numbers from one service to another because they help design and build complex net of computer systems and software programs that make 'porting' of wireless numbers possible; among them are TSI Telecommunications Services, which is part of Verizon Communications, Evolving Systems Inc and NeuStar Inc; photo (M)
Essence magazine, most popular arbiter of fashion, beauty and lifestyle advice for black American women for last 30 years, will face growing field of competitors in coming year; Hearst's O: The Oprah Magazine, arrives in May, in addition to B Smith Style from American Express Publishing, Heart and Soul from BET Holdings, and Honey from Vanguarde Media; Essence has circulation of 1 million, but it gets half as many advertising pages as some other women's magazines with lower circulation; one problem in attracting advertisers is increasing age of its readers; Monique Greenwood, new editor in chief of Essence, seeks to address age issue by featuring rap stars popular with younger audiences on recent covers; photos; graph (M)
Wal-Mart also argues that the Berkeley study was done by researchers who are advised and sometimes financed by organized labor.
Comcast's shares tumbled for a second day yesterday and are down nearly 12 percent since Mr. Roberts, the company's chief executive, announced his all-stock offer for the Walt Disney Company early Wednesday.
THEY are Internet upstarts, but they say they can take on Wal-Mart Stores, the world's biggest company.
Microsoft's decision to charge a fee is justifiable, he said, because most consumers do not want to be responsible for the care of their PC's, but just want them to work correctly.
Intel acknowledges that its safeguards are not 100 percent effective, given that a malicious hacker could,  in theory, sneak a peek at the number when it is turned off by surreptitiously planting a Trojan Horse program on the user's computer.
But for Kodak, the implications go beyond a few extra sales in midtown.
Earlier this year Apple began proposing a new pricing arrangement based on a sliding scale, which would force clone makers to pay a licensing royalty of more than $500 a machine for the operating system software in the case of the fastest Power PC chips.
At Time Warner, there was a David-and-Goliath issue, the sense that an august old-media institution had been felled by a smaller, more agile competitor.
While RealNetworks is the first company besides Apple to sell songs in the protected iPod format, other companies sell them in the MP3 format, which the player can also use.
International Union of Electronic Workers-CWA, General Electric's largest union, begins talks on new contract with threat of strike over company's push to increase worker contributions toward health coverage; health care costs are key issue in labor negotiations nationwide (M)
When Carrefour executives in Argentina, Brazil and several European markets complained that Procter's everyday-low-price plan did not fit the store's strategy, Procter executives refused to change the plan, Mr. Flickinger said.
David Pogue column on new Z-series ThinkPad laptops from Lenovo, priced from $800 to $2,300; says Lenovo appears to be of two minds about ThinkPad's IBM pedigree; photo (M)
later charged Xerox with abusing accounting rules to continue reporting strong profits even as competition in the copier market intensified.
That thinking was reflected when Airbus mounted an aggressive public relations campaign against Boeing's long-term contracts following Delta's announcement of the  Boeing deal in March.
European Commission confirsm it will open extended investigation into General Electric Co's planned $45 billion acquisition of Honeywell International Inc, despite 11th-hour effort by GE chief executive John F Welch Jr to secure quick clearance by European regulators (M)
Though Apple had posted a surprise profit in its fourth quarter, much of that came from an adjustment of restructuring charges taken in the previous quarter.
Amazon Reports Losses of $317 Million in the 2nd Quarter
Brian L. Roberts, Comcast's chief executive, portrayed his only mistake in bidding for Disney as the assumption ''that the Disney board would talk to us.''
Citigroup Blocks Cards In 3 Nations After Breach
Independent booksellers complain about advertising deals that Internet search engines have forged with biggest on-line bookstores; independents complain that when someone searches specifically for independent bookseller by name, they may still be served up ad for Amazon.com or Barnesandnoble.com (S)
McDonald's Corp says its first-quarter earnings will fall more than expected because of slumping sales in Europe, where consumers are buying fewer hamburgers because of fear of mad cow disease (M)
Next month, Moody's will put out what he described as a ''white paper'' seeking comments from participants in the financial markets.
For their part, Microsoft's key XML developers say their goals are not incompatible with Mr. Winer's.
Mr. Murdoch, who gave up his Australian citizenship 19 years ago to become a United States citizen, recently reincorporated News Corporation in the United States and shifted its primary stock listing to the New York Stock Exchange from the Australian exchange.
While those clients may be lured to advertise on Yahoo's Yellow Pages listings, Yahoo's bigger advertisers are likely to use the paid search listings to develop new marketing techniques.
Motorola and McCann-Erickson came up with the idea of creating an animated character to symbolize the new Internet service, which is called myosphere.
Of course, when executives at Texas Instruments show off their products by popping open cellphones, digital cameras and hand-held music and video players, the first thing they point to is usually a digital signal processor.
It also promises to intensify Apple's battle with Microsoft in the personal computer market dominated by machines using Windows software.
Maybe so -- but others wonder whether there is a similar resilience inside Kodak.
Indeed, as of last month, Xerox became the first major brand document company to sell paper, toner and cartridges for all printers and copiers, not just its own.
Goldman Sachs and Credit Suisse First Boston.
Its total cost was $105.63, a 21 percent discount to list price and 10 percent less than Amazon's cost.
Amgen has prospered for years based on two billion-dollar drugs, Epogen for anemia and Neupogen for complications of chemotherapy.
I.B.M.
Senator John McCain, the Republican from Arizona who leads the Senate Commerce Committee, had already scheduled a hearing for next Wednesday to address issues raised by Time Warner's decision to take ABC off its systems.
Only Oxygen, the cable network, currently sells some of its ad time on eBay's service.
The excitement over the new computer overshadowed the fact that there was relatively little other news from Apple.
Microsoft dismissed the Government's presentation of new evidence without discussing the original charges as ''revealing a profound lack of confidence in the case they filed in May.''
Yabu Pushelberg is also designing the renovation of Bergdorf Goodman, cater-corner from Tiffany, and will soon open a New York studio, Mr. Pushelberg said.
*Did the television commercials from the 1970's that were revived for a recent episode of ''That '70s Show,'' presented by the Fox Broadcasting unit of the News Corporation, appeal to the viewer with an eight-track mind?
News Corporation Buying Heritage Media of Dallas
When a problem comes in the door the center's director, Kevin Kean, and his staff must swiftly make an assessment: Is the security weakness detected in a Microsoft software product only minor?
Coca-Cola Earnings Fall 21%, Reflecting Troubles in Europe
Warden began by saying that Microsoft ''respectfully disagreed'' with much of Judge Jackson's findings of fact last November, which strongly favored the government's case.
People told about the Morgan Stanley-Chase talks said that executives on both sides felt the combination made strategic sense.
The list price is $16.95, but with the discount and a shipping charge, Amazon was selling the title for $12.43.
Moreover, many companies, Procter included, are advertising their cheaper products only in newspaper inserts, saving costlier commercials for their premium items.
The Chevron Corporation and the Phillips Petroleum Company have discussed forming a joint venture in the petrochemical business, people close to both companies said yesterday.
British court provides mixed verdict for Pfizer in crucial patent dispute, upholding one of company's British patents on Lipitor but invalidating second one; ruling will have no practical effect on Pfizer's control over Lipitor in Britain because court upheld patent that covers main active ingredient in drug; that patent does not expire until November 2011; patent invalidated by court has shorter duration, expiring July 2010; Indian drug company, Ranbaxy Laboratories, brought patent challenge; plans to appeal (M)
For Nike Inc., consumers like Ms. Blatt are at the core of a new organizational, product and marketing strategy aimed at finding ways to capture the women's sports market after years of failures.
Ford Motor Co reports fourth-quarter earnings of $1.04 bilion, 41.9 percent drop from a year ago due to charges related to spinoff of a profitable consumer lending unit last spring; earnings from continuing operations rise 6.5 percent, to $1.67 bilion, exceeding analysts' expectations; cash holdings rise to $23.81 billion, which explains Ford's interest in acquistions or merger and Volvo's interest in Ford as a possible partner (M)
Shares of Applied Materials Inc., the world's leading maker of devices that manufacture computer chips, soared 10 percent after the company posted stronger-than-expected earnings in its third quarter.
The two companies, Monsanto and Scotts, have developed a strain of creeping bentgrass for use on golf courses that is resistant to the widely used herbicide Roundup.
With its investigation of the Intel Corporation, the Federal Trade Commission is signaling that the Government will continue to closely police the leading high-technology companies that play an increasing role in the economy, antitrust experts and industry analysts said yesterday.
The industrywide slowdown resulting from the uncertain economy has depressed the financial results for Interpublic along with rivals like the Omnicom Group and the WPP Group.
I.B.M.
So intent is Home Depot on finding qualified employees that it has even made some of its commercials the equivalent of help-wanted ads.
Financing details will be determined by executives of the new company, said Barrett A. Toan, chairman of Express Scripts, based in St. Louis.
Those represent the first quarterly declines in operating income in Microsoft's history as a public company.
The lobbying group will pay for informational brochures to be distributed at special kiosks in most Home Depot stores, Mr. Novelli said.
Juniper Networks announced quarterly earnings that blew past Wall Street's expectations yesterday, as analysts said the company continued to whittle away at Cisco Systems' dominance of the Internet-switching technology market.
No company, analysts say, has more different pieces of technology it can deploy, so the integrated hardware-and-software strategy makes sense for I.B.M.
In the phone books that will be distributed next year by Verizon Communications, people will be able to include their e-mail addresses, as well as personal Web page addresses, along with their home telephone listings, for an annual fee of $36 for each additional item.
Taking on Starbucks, Italian Coffee Maker Steps Up to the Bar
WildBlue's cheapest service costs $50 a month, about twice Verizon's introductory offer, and the dish costs several hundred dollars.
But before Microsoft's Office suite of desktop personal computer applications became the de facto industry standard, the industry was awash with small and medium-size software publishing firms developing hundreds of different kinds of competing application programs.
The Microsoft Corporation plans to announce new capabilities Wednesday for its version of the Java programming language that are certain to deepen a bitter rift with Sun Microsystems Inc., Java's inventor.
Both Real Networks and Apple have endorsed the MPEG-4 standard while Microsoft has chosen to support a proprietary technology named Corona.
Mr. Sherlund, an analyst at Goldman, Sachs & Company, did not reduce his earnings estimate for Microsoft, and he kept the company on Goldman's recommended list.
In announcing its bleak financial news, Mattel said it had been hurt by decreased sales from several retailers, including Toys ''R'' Us, which has halved its inventory of Mattel products this year as it tries to improve its own poor performance.
Time Warner and Comcast Are Cleared to Buy Adelphia
Halliburton responded to an inquiry about the findings with a statement that said: ''Halliburton cooperated extensively with the Department of Labor to identify and successfully resolve these issues on a voluntary basis.
But while Coca-Cola apparently hopes to limit any concerns to a handful of European countries, the danger is that the anxiety over its products could spread.
At the time, Xerox assured Wall Street that the receivables shortfall did not indicate any deep-rooted problems with Xerox's internal financial controls.
Groundswell of dissatisfaction among 2,000 African-Americans covered by discrimination lawsuit against Coca-Cola Co threatens to destabilize or even derail the $192 million settlement; they have until March 19 to accept or reject settlement, and if 200 or more of them opt out of agreement, Coke has option of declaring settlement invalid; source of plaintiffs' frustration is that under settlement, those covered in lawsuit must approve accord and sign away their rights to sue Coke in future before they find out how much money they will receive (M)
The government, according to most antitrust experts, is sitting on a big lead, while Microsoft is trying to limit its losses in Judge Jackson's court while hoping to fare better on appeal.
Aetna said net income would be reduced by approximately $10 million, or 7 cents a share, in the first and second quarters of 1999, and increased $30 million, or 20 cents a share, in the third quarter.
''Aetna will be acquiring more regional strength and more management talent.
Consumers, however, will have to wait until at least June to subscribe to the service, which gets its news from Reuters and its weather from Accuweather, two companies that use Motorola's technology to convert data to voice and voice to data.
Spokesmen for Express Scripts, Caremark and CVS could not be reached for comment.
While those deals helped cement Yahoo as No.
The system has a range of features that are spoken of in glowing terms by programmers who have used the system, and although Mr. Gassee's Be operating system was in several ways more modern than Nextstep, the ability to attract programmers back to the Apple camp may have proved an overriding advantage.
Microsoft Corp has begun television advertising campaign featuring its chairman William H Gates, pointing to Microsoft's record of innovation and determination to carry on; 30-second commercial does not directly mention antitrust case brought by Justice Department and 19 states; new commercial is first time Gates has been used on television in his own company's advertising; photo (M)
Microsoft's lawyers are expected to cite Mr. Cornish in their arguments at the hearing as well, said Ian Forrester, a partner with the law firm White & Case, who will present Microsoft's case.
Amgen will initially aim for patients who have kidney failure but are not yet on dialysis, a group now served by Johnson & Johnson.
''I.B.M.
Most provocative among the range of options now under discussion is a potential plan for AOL Time Warner Inc. to spin off its own cable operation, the nation's second-biggest, into a new company that would also include AT&T's cable assets, according to people to the talks.
Company officials estimate Northrop Grumman's 1996 sales at $8 billion.
Microsoft will enter consumer antivirus business as part of subscription service that it will offer next year; service, called Windows OneCare, will bring Microsoft into direct competition with Symantec and McAfee (M)
The arbitration, which was conducted in New York but announced in Paris, called for the Cisneros Group, Pepsi's longtime Venezuelan bottler that defected to its archrival, the Coca-Cola Company, to pay $87 million for breaking its Pepsi contract, plus $7 million in costs and fees.
TECHNOLOGY  Correction:  June 25, 2002, Tuesday  An article in Business Day on Friday about a plan by Verizon Communications to use Microsoft's content, software and marketing support for its high-speed D.S.L.
New product sales should fuel higher growth, he said, and Microsoft's antitrust case should shift to the appeals stage by the second half of the year.
Merck has long been among the strongest companies financially, with a credit rating among the highest in American business.
In addition, the standards group said, Web pages across the Internet might have to be modified to adjust to changes made by Microsoft to comply with the court ruling.
Microsoft project called .Net is joining forces informally with group of programmers committed to free software to produce free alternative to .Net framework, Microsoft's own programming tools; effort, called Mono, might seem counterproductive for Microsoft, since its aim is to help programmers who write code in Linux, but those programmers will also be creating software compatible with Windows operating system and with .Net, thus helping make .Net a programming lingua franca; photo (M)
In June, Mr. Kaminski's company sold part of the land it owned near the plant to the True North Hotel Group of Overland Park, Kan., a hotel operations and management company that will own the new Marriott.
Dell will gain access to I.B.M.
But in recent years, she said, ''We left the twentysomethings to shop at the Lechters and the Targets.''
SideStep and Kayak are privately held, and Yahoo does not break out revenue figures for its FareChase division, but analysts said these sites earned only a fraction of what the big travel agencies did, because they handle far fewer bookings and have fewer sources of revenue.
I had read somewhere that Apple had given a Mac to every new employee so I called the company and asked for a job.
But analysts and other experts said yesterday that those oil companies, like Chevron and Phillips, that did not find partners despite a recent wave of mergers in the industry, were under less pressure to snare a mate since the recent recovery in crude oil prices.
In addition to Media Player, the new complaint asserts, Microsoft has bundled its e-mail software, known as Outlook Express; a video-editing program called Movie Maker; and instant-messaging software into Windows XP.
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co hires Donald G Kempf Jr as chief legal officer, succeeding Christine Edwards who resigned in June amid scandal (S)
For all of 2004, Intel's revenue was $34.2 billion, surpassing its record of $33.7 billion in 2000.
The European Commission and Microsoft declined to comment on the meeting.
In addition, the AdRelevance report found that Amazon had been devoting much of its online advertising to direct marketing; 70 percent of the retailer's top 10 online ads offer free shipping.
Today, the lawyer who is close to the government's case said, ''That Microsoft repeatedly violated the law after the previous proceeding demonstrates why structural relief is necessary now.''
Initial versions of its Windows XP operating system repeatedly urged new users to enroll in Passport, and anyone who received a free e-mail account through Microsoft's Hotmail was automatically signed up.
His wife, a former compliance official at Bank of America, works for Smith Barney.
Mr. Fugazy said his agency sent a letter to Bristol-Myers Squibb's chairman demanding that the company apologize for the ad.
Technology Briefing
Last week, Carnival mentioned the suit by Mr. Jacobs in its annual report to shareholders, telling them, ''We intend to vigorously defend this lawsuit.''
The board at Gap recognizes that it has a tall order to fill, however, and Mr. Fisher emphasized yesterday that the company was not rushing.
In a statement, Citigroup did not dispute the specific charges of predatory lending, and senior Citigroup officers, in past interviews, have voiced concern about Associates' conduct as an independent company.
Supreme Court, in major tactical victory for Microsoft Corp, rejects Justice Department's plea to hear company's appeal of antitrust ruling immediately; decision gives company breathing room to pursue appeals, relieves pressure on it to resume talks with government and could prolong final court judgment by year or more; returns case to federal appeals court that in past has shown greater receptivity to Microsoft's defenses than has trial judge, Thomas Penfield Jackson; Microsoft chief executive, Steven A Ballmer, hails decision; photos (M)
Priceline.com, the name-your-own price Internet service, said Mr. Shatner would appear in radio advertising with its ''supercomputer that toils day and night to find airline tickets, hotel rooms and other travel products at discounts.''
In a written statement, the General Accounting Office said that Pfizer had declined to provide the information it had requested, saying the information was proprietary and should remain confidential.
At the moment, a domestic battle rages for control of the Netflix queue, which can be revised and reshuffled at any time.
Those women are inspiring Nike to go through some contortions of its own.
A Dutch toxicologist hired by Coca-Cola reported earlier this week that the offending pallets had been treated with a compound similar in some respects to creosote, a wood preservative that can contain the strong petroleum distillates phenol or cresol and is used to keep fungi and insects from attacking railroad ties or fence posts.
Apple is the leader in integrating digital cameras and other peripherals with personal computers, but Microsoft's Windows XP operating system is also designed to handle digital images and music.
The MacBooks come with Apple's Front Row software and a tiny remote control for browsing your photo, movie and music collections without having to fiddle with the keyboard or trackpad.
Wal-Mart operates 14 DVD distribution centers nationwide, and sells a subscription that allows a customer two, not three, DVD's at one time for $12.97 a month.
The announcement yesterday that Richard M. DeMartini, the head of Bank of America's asset management unit, would leave after the FleetBoston merger, means that all four Bank of America executives named in the investigation will have resigned since the scandal broke.
During the late 1980's and the 1990's, for example, Johnson & Johnson said it gave $1 million to the American Pseudo-Obstruction and Hirschsprung's Disease Society.
In essence, Ranbaxy has claimed that one of the two Lipitor patents does not cover the exact molecular form of atorvastatin that Pfizer sells as Lipitor.
TV Bureaus at Marriotts
Allergan, a far larger company based in Irvine, Calif., said that its offer topped the current value of the Medicis deal -- roughly $72.15 a share on Monday -- by 16 percent.
EBay's decision to close its Web site in China and take a 49 percent stake in an e-commerce venture with a Chinese company is the latest sign that local knowledge and connections matter in the Chinese market.
Yesterday, in a trading frenzy, they sent Pfizer's stock down almost 11 percent and shaved more than $21 billion off its market value, in response to the company's decision over the weekend to abandon development of its most promising experimental drug.
Judge Murphy also pointed to I.B.M.
Angola's finance minister, José Pedro de Morais, disclosed the amount of the ChevronTexaco payment to Angolan media last week, and a spokesman for the oil company confirmed that an announcement was expected Thursday, but did not provide details.
Still, Mr. Thompson of Symantec insisted that the acquisition of Veritas was not a defensive move against any future weakness in sales of security software.
Ford also faces a second lawsuit asserting that it unfairly discriminated against older white males in its grading.It would not comment on the litigation but defended its use of grades.
The last time Ford Motor was the world's biggest automaker was 1930, when Henry Ford, the founder, was still in charge, the Model A had finally replaced the Model T and Margaret Mitchell was still writing ''Gone With the Wind.''
I.B.M.
Xerox's stock price reached a peak of $63.94 a share in the spring of 1999.
''It's a market dominated by Electronic Arts.''
''I'm under no illusions; certainly the spotlight falls on Sony and Nintendo at this E3,'' said Peter Moore, head of Microsoft's game business.
The Chrysler Corporation said today that its sales rose 1.5 percent in January, while the General Motors Corporation's sales dropped nine-tenths of 1 percent in the month, compared with 1996.
A year later, Wal-Mart packed up and left.
New York Atty Gen Eliot Spitzer's probe of insurance companies and brokers reportedly finds deceptive and coercive practices at Aon Corp, world's second-largest insurance broker; investigators reportedly plan to bring civil suit against Aon and some smaller national brokers; photo (M)
Interview with William C Steere Jr, chief executive of Pfizer Inc who will retire at end of 2000; he will be succeeded by Henry A McKinnell (S)
Cigna's net loss was $7.76 a share and was in contrast to net income of $123  million, or $1.70 a share, a year earlier.
Mr. Weill said in an interview yesterday that the losses would not keep Citigroup from looking for further opportunities to expand in emerging markets, where Citigroup has made several acquisitions in recent years.
IBM's chief executive Louis V Gerstner Jr will step down on March 1; president Samuel J Palmisano will succeed Gerstner, who will remain chairman to advise Palmisano until end of year; Gerstner comments; IBM shifted focus from hardware to computer services during Gerstner's tenure, making company more profitable and sharply increasing stock price; graphs; photo (M)
Time Warner, Walt Disney, Viacom, News Corp and other American media companies continue to pursue ventures in China, a huge market for companies seeking to regain growth, despite having suffered recent setbacks there; setbacks include new restrictions on foreign filmmakers and television companies and government's quashing of New Corp's plans for new television channel to be co-owned with a Chinese company; pressimists in media organizations worry whether latest crackdown reflects longer-term shift under a more cautious Chinese president, Hu Jintao; optimists suggest that recent moves are just latest in long series of episodic, sometimes short-lived efforts by Chinese Communist Party to preserve social control (M)
For the proposed deal to win approval, media analysts said, Comcast would probably have to offer some assurances that other cable operators would be treated equitably.
In an audacious bid that could once again reshape the entertainment landscape, the Comcast Corporation, the largest cable operator in the United States, made an unsolicited $54.1 billion takeover offer yesterday for the Walt Disney Company.
Companies like Motorola want to put their technological expertise into product development and sales, said Pascal Aguirre, a vice president of Renaissance Strategies, a Boston consultant.
DuPont's optimism has other chemical industry executives scratching their heads.
So Caterpillar and other multinationals continue to turn to their home governments.
"We do not believe that A.T.& T. will have to pay any damages whatsoever," A.T.& T. said in a statement.
The agreement between Mr. James and Coca-Cola came less than a week after the breakdown of his negotiations with PepsiCo to endorse its Gatorade sports drink, which competes against Powerade, Advertising Age reported.
But with the addition of its planned archive, Amazon could also offer detailed information about Bastille Day and Stonehenge, as well as related books for sale.
''In five years, General Motors is going to be in better shape than it's ever been in its history.''
The Lockheed Martin settlement may put pressure on Loral to settle that case.
Comcast has about 38,000 employees, with 20,000 in the cable unit.
In a deal to help speed the development of in-car electronic services, the Ford Motor Company and Peugeot Citroen of France announced that they would form an alliance to cooperate in automotive design and the development of wireless services like cell phone and Internet access and entertainment channels.
Just as important, for the sake of ''The Conversation,'' Netflix lets users rate movies on a one- to five-star scale and make online recommendations to their friends.
A Mattel executive was at the other end of an open telephone line, matching Ms. McEnroe bid for bid in $5,000 jumps.
In response, Wal-Mart is expected to make sharp price cuts weeks before the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, the Friday after Thanksgiving.
That multiple is quite low considering that Pfizer has the financial and marketing strength to buy up or be a partner with almost any other drug company in the world, Mr. Katz said, adding that ''the stock is at a great price under every scenario.''
In April 1996, Netscape's Navigator was used by 87 percent of people browsing the Web, compared with 4 percent using Microsoft's Internet Explorer, according to Zona Research.
The change cut Aon's earnings for 2001 to $147 million from $203 million and increased first-quarter earnings to $160 million from $104 million.
Just before a shareholder vote on their proposed merger, Bank of America and FleetBoston Financial reached a $675 million settlement with regulators yesterday over improper trading in their mutual funds, requiring Bank of America to replace most of its fund directors within a year.
Ford Motor Co's future in Brazil rests with production of EcoSport sport utility vehicle in Camacari; Ford South America president Richard Canny says EcoSport is sport utility vehicle that has been specifically developed for South America and is unique in market; adds Ford hopes vehicle, which will be introduced Feb 21, will create whole new market segment; photo (M)
The AES Corporation said today that it was walking away from Britain's largest plant and the roughly $3 billion it paid for it in 1999 after creditors refused to accept a plan to buy back some debt.
In the meantime, Yahoo hopes to increase revenue from its premium services by making a more direct connection to millions of Verizon customers.
Wall Street analysts said they thought Boeing could handle the huge project, but said the Teledesic contract went far beyond Boeing's experience.
Verizon Communications said yesterday that it would begin using Microsoft's content, software and marketing support for its high- speed D.S.L.
The account had been handled by Gotham, New York, which like Avrett Free is part of the McCann-Erickson World Group unit of the Interpublic Group.
Medical Center and Health System, Aetna is hiring a well-known geriatrics specialist who has helped his hospital, a combined unit of the two big urban medical centers, stay afloat in extremely troubled times.
Bristol-Myers Squibb Co names Foote, Cone & Belding Worldwide to handle various brands in US and Europe; billings estimated at $65 million to $70 million; brands had been handled by Wells BDDP; Aamco Transmissions Inc names Partners & Shevack to handle to handle advertising for more than 700 franchised automotive repair stores; those duties had been handled by Publicis/Bloom; Sprint Corp names Grey Advertising to handle consolidated creative duties for local business markets and local brand creative for its local division, which had been handled by various agencies (M)
''If you've got millions of customers coming in from the Internet to I.B.M.
Business is booming for computer flat-screen manufacturers across Japan, South Korea and Taiwan; main reason is surge in demand from consumers and businesses around world for personal computers and other electronic devices that feature flat screens, which are increasingly appealing because they save space, look stylish and are technologically capable of providing brilliant color images and graphics; industry analysts and executives say demand for screens is so strong that Asian producers cannot fill 10 percent to 20 percent of orders; analysts estimate that sales for advanced flat screens used in laptops and desk monitors will reach $11 billion this year, up from $7 billion last year, and that sales could reach $15 billion in 2000 and $17 billion in 2001; boom is creating big problems for computer makers like IBM, Dell Computer and Toshiba, which are scrambling to satisfy appetite of customers for notebook computers and large desktop monitors; graphs; photos (M)
''Medco becomes an albatross around Merck's neck, even if it contributes skinny profit margins of only 5 percent'' to the parent company, he said, and Medco ''distracts investors from the really important question at Merck, which is where are the key products for its future going to come from.''
DESPITE a series of surprising disclosures about the way it accounts for billions of dollars in revenue from its Medco managed care unit, Merck & Company plans to proceed today with the pricing and initial offering of Medco shares.
But Intel could suffer tremendously if the Government's suit resulted in, say, guidelines on the company's technological advancements.
Since both Microsoft and its high-technology foes have plenty of money, this could descend into a replay of Glass-Steagall.
Gmail accounts were lucky to go for $5 last week on eBay.
The telecommunications boom of the late 1990's was cruel to Cisco Systems.
Stanley Works names Mullen Advertising to handle its account, which had been handled for nine years by Ammirati Puris Lintas; billings estimated at $7 million to $8 million; Muullen loses New England consumer business assignment of BankBoston, which has decided to reduce its agency roster to single shop, Hill, Holliday, Connors, Cosmopulos (S)
''Just because Oracle won doesn't mean they're going to buy PeopleSoft at $21 a share,'' he said.
The search for employees who view the restaurant industry as a possible career has at least one McDonald's franchisee near Cherry Hill scouting for management recruits.
But Mr. Boyd and other analysts were less sanguine about eBay's hopes that its own auction buyers and sellers would become heavy adopters of Skype.
Still, in the case of Apple, both Mr. Anderson and Mr. Jobs said there was reason for optimism.
William Shatner, the star of the ''Star Trek'' television series and movies, will resume his role as a spokesman for Priceline.com, the company said yesterday.
At this point, it appears that no one, not even Mr. Armstrong, can predict what will happen to AT&T's cable business, the nation's biggest.
Citigroup has operations worldwide and provides a broad array of financial services, giving the bank's management insight into the movements of larger economic currents.
One reason for the decline is that Wal-Mart pressures its suppliers to cut their costs and that may lead to lower wages for the workers of suppliers.
A 54-year-old African-American woman who is an ordained Missionary Baptist minister, Ms. Dukes says she is willing to take on Wal-Mart because she believes the company must abide by the law, just as she must.
A.T.& T.'s net income last year was $3.8 billion, or $2.86 a share.
For the last few years, Apple has deflected criticism of its roughly 3 percent share of the computer market by comparing itself to prestige brands like BMW.
Amgen has licensed an experimental drug for non-Hodgkin's lymphoma from Immunomedics of Morris Plains, N.J.
Subaru was one of three charter advertisers on Logo, along with Orbitz, owned by the Cendant Corporation, and the Paramount Pictures division of Viacom.
One example of such software is Microsoft's Back Office, a suite of programs for handling tasks like electronic messaging, taking purchase orders and executing on-line credit card transactions.
The appeal by the cabinet-level officers, followed by Intel's announcement that it would not meet China's deadline, suggests that the standards dispute is being seen by both Silicon Valley and Washington as the leading edge of a broad array of emerging trade disagreements with China.
If the deal between Comcast and Disney goes through, it could provoke a rash of deals between other content and distribution companies.
Amgen will emphasize in its marketing that less frequent doses will mean fewer trips to the hospital and fewer painful injections for patients, as well as less work for doctors and nurses.
Kodak invested billions of dollars in other industries, including a drug company -- in the hope that somewhere in Kodak's stores of patented chemicals and processes it might have hidden pharmaceutical assets that could earn profit margins comparable to those of the color film business.
The alliance of Intertainer and Akamai follows last month's announcement from Enron, the Houston-based utility and energy giant, that it had entered a 20-year agreement with Blockbuster to deliver movies on demand into homes as a digitized video stream.
Industry experts said over the weekend that any consortium would probably employ roughly the same structure if it succeeded in an AT&T buyout, although current tax law might require keeping the operation intact as long as seven years
Behind Ms. Zraly, pocketing a $60 monthly fee for running her Web site, is an unlikely partner -- the International Business Machines Corporation, the world's largest computer company.
CBS and NBC Universal television networks, in separate moves, will start selling reruns of their top new shows within hours of their broadcast for 99 cents an episode through video-on-demand services on cable and satellite; moves follow ABC's recent deal to make several its shows available for paid downloads on Apple's iPod portable music and video player; for Comcast Corp and DirecTV, cable and satellite companies whose subscribers will have access to shows, it represents another step in effort to appeal to consumers who want more control over where, when and how they consume entertainment; CBS will offer CSI: Crime Scene Investigation, NCIS, Survivor and The Amazing Race on video-on-demand services sold by Comcast; NBC will sell six shows from its NBC television network including Law & Order: SVU and The Office; will also offer Monk on its USA Network and Battlestar Galactica on Sci-Fi Channel (M)
In trading Tuesday, Yahoo closed at $27.43, down from a 52-week high of $43.66.
Many retired chief executives of large companies enjoy extra benefits in retirement; General Electric Co's former chief executive John F Welch Jr's contract signed in 1996 was full of benefits that continue in retirement; Sara Lee's former chief executive John H Bryan receives car and driver through 2008, office space through 2009 and two administrative assistants through 2011; AOL Time Warner is paying former chief Gerald M Levin $1 million per year and providing him with office space; Hugh L McColl Jr, who retired from Bank of America in April 2001, has use of office, administrative support and, for up to 150 hours per year, company plane (M)
Last month, for example, General Mills added a Triple Berry Fruit Shock flavor to its Betty Crocker Fruit Gusher line of fruit snacks, and Polident released the Triple Mint Freshness version of its denture cleanser.
The informal inquiry, which Kodak announced in a regulatory filing yesterday, ''is not unexpected following a restatement of financial results, and we are cooperating fully,'' Mr. Lanzillo said.
Correction:  October 10, 1998, Saturday  An article in Business Day yesterday about Citigroup's third-quarter results misstated the two chief executives' plans for their work force.
Simply put, middleware threatened to demolish Microsoft's coveted monopoly power.
Plunked amid a phalanx of ornate buildings on Fifth Avenue -- structures with classic Greek columns, cast-iron arches, filigreed cresting and intricate friezes -- is a two-story stub of a building that has preservationists gnashing their teeth at the Apple Computer Company.
Microsoft documents often contradict Mr. Gates's professions of ignorance.
Ms. Miller, who lives in Greenwich, Conn., said she was not looking for a job when she went to a Christmas party given by a friend, Nancy B. Peretsman, an investment banker with Allen & Company who is a director of Priceline.com.
Kellogg Co, seeking to break out of prolonged slump and keep its American cereal business cost-competitive, says it might close part of plant in its hometown of Battle Creek, Mich, and dismiss as many as 700 of 1,100 workers there; cuts would come by first quarter of 2000 and would produce savings of $35 million to $45 million a year (S)
But Mr. Fisher argued that Microsoft decided to give away its browser software only to thwart the threat to its dominance posed by its main rivals in Internet software, the Netscape Communications Corporation, developer of the Navigator Web browser, and Sun Microsystems Inc., creator of the Java programming language.
Rob Fixmer State of the Art column comments on Microsoft's new Media Player 9; used with cable-modem connection, player improves media streaming capabilities; photos; drawing (M)
Corel develops packages for Microsoft's signature Windows operating system and has agreed to support Microsoft's Internet initiative.
FROM the personality of their executives to the source of their power, AT&T and AOL Time Warner are very different sorts of companies.
As it turns out, AT&T plans to use a little-known loophole in the nation's telephone accounting rules that will force the seven regional Bell companies to  provide Internet customers with free local connections to AT&T's network.
Antitrust regulators have spent years scrutinizing Microsoft's dominance over the computer software market.
''It's really a matter of our growth,'' said Becky Roberts, director for global brand marketing for Amazon.com in Seattle, adding that it was seeking an agency with connections to a global network.
The executives told about the discussions, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, said that Interpublic was looking at internal and external candidates to succeed Mr. Schultz.
A deposition from Mr. Gates, the chairman and chief executive of Microsoft, had been scheduled to begin today, but it was postponed temporarily as the company's lawyers decided whether to appeal the judge's order.
Even last year, when Home Depot's stock was unchanged, the board raised his salary 8 percent, to $2.164 million, and increased his bonus 22 percent, to $7 million.
Melinda Gates, the wife of Microsoft's founder, Bill Gates, sits on the board of The Washington Post Company.
Mr. Haddad, who had been president of Mattel Media, is to become chief executive of Eparties, a ''party portal'' that will use the Web to provide goods and services to people having parties.
Paula Smith, a Home Depot spokeswoman, said Hughes's municipal and construction customers would give Home Depot an even bigger slice of what she estimates to be a $410 billion market for professional supplies.
A team of five Boeing analysts based in Houston and California prepared the first Boeing report, a ''preliminary'' document dated Jan. 21, six days into the Columbia's mission.
Allstate says that it will send a quote via an e-mail message within 30 seconds, along with a toll-free phone number to call to complete the purchase of a policy.
But analysts said Aetna had rebuffed a request at the meeting for return on investment projections.
In his 32-year career at Goldman Sachs, Mr. Paulson has accumulated a $700 million equity stake in the Wall Street firm.
''It's Internet traffic that will generate the iterative revenue that might yet save AT&T, and not the expensive Microsoft set-top box,'' said Richard Doherty, a computer and cable industry consultant who is president of Envisioneering, based in Seaford, N.Y. ''In the sober light of morning  they realized they couldn't afford to build out this network.''
But it can be said that the focus of the unveiling will be a production that Coca-Cola executives call ''Time Machine,'' a three-minute, documentary-ish evocation of Times Square past -- specifically, the 10 decades that Coke has been a city player.
Before Mr. Gerstner pulled the company out of its tailspin, I.B.M.
Raytheon acquired several military businesses, notably those of the Hughes Electronics Corporation and Texas Instruments, as part of a consolidation encouraged by the Pentagon that was intended to adjust the industry to the end of the cold war.
Still, if the Bush administration backed off of the case, Microsoft would not walk away free and clear.
According to people who have seen the statement, it warns that America Online and Time Warner would create a ''dominant position in the markets for online music delivery, music software, Internet dial-up access, broadband Internet access and integrated broadband content.''
During his unsuccessful campaign 18 months ago, Mr. Dole complained that the Government was wrong to pick on Microsoft.
Intel said it was offering financial assistance to Samsung, but would not say how much or disclose other terms.
The company said it continued to suffer from an shortage of G5 microprocessors from I.B.M., the chips used in many of Apple's most powerful Macintoshes.
With its wholly owned insurer, known as a captive, Wells Fargo will benefit from improved cash flow, new investment income and tax breaks totaling at least hundreds of millions of dollars over the next 30 to 40 years, according to Karin Landry, an insurance consultant at the Spring Consulting Group in Boston.
Microsoft's senior counsel in Europe, John Frank, declined to comment on any details in the leaked document.
A statement on Boeing's Web site describes the 1999 contract for the satellite program as representing ''a key element of the N.R.O.
Dow Corning Seeks to Settle Implant Cases
In a telephone interview from Micron's headquarters in Boise, Idaho, Sean Mahoney, a spokesman for the company, said Micron agreed with the Hynix board on one major point, that there were problems with the creditors' plans for the remainder of Hynix and its $6.8 billion in outstanding debts.
Kansas State has had a sponsorship deal with Nike for men's basketball since 2000.
investigation comes at a time when Intel's power in the industry is increasing further.
In regular trading before the earnings report, shares of Cisco rose 11 cents, to $18.61.
The 10-year study was paid for by Merck, which makes Fosamax, and two Merck scientists are among the co-authors.
Morgan Stanley has said that Mr. Curry was dismissed for abusing his expense account.
Food and Drug Administration advisory committee will review Warner-Lambert Co's oral diabetes drug, Rezulin, which has been linked to 28 deaths and liver problems that resulted in seven transplants; analysts do not expect FDA to pull Rezulin from market, but if agency adds new cautions to its label, as expected, that could slow powerful force in Warner-Lambert's sales growth; Rezulin notched $748 million in sales in 1998; Rezulin's sales never surpassed Bristol-Myers Squibb Co's Glucophage, nation's leading oral diabetic pill; Glucophage is associated with 20 deaths during its first million uses, but no liver damage; Glucophage is far less expensive than Rezulin; two treatments similar to Rezulin are awaiting FDA review: Avandia from SmithKline Beecham PLC, and Actos from Eli Lilly & Co and Takeda Chemical Industries; graph (M)
According to a statement released by a committee of data protection registrars from each of the 15 European Union member states, Microsoft agreed to ''a radical change of the information flow'' and other changes to better protect consumers' addresses, ages, phone and credit card numbers and other personal details.
But that does not explain why Time Warner was willing to be bought by a company that, by every measure except market valuation, is a mere fraction of its own size.
''EBay feels it can reach out to those businesses and provide them an effective advertising program.''
Dollar General is one of several retailers whose mini-discount marts have thrived in the shadow of Wal-Marts and other large stores around the country.
The Kodak also takes AA-size.
In fact, on July 7, the day before the Comcast Corporation formally made its unsolicited $44.5 billion bid to acquire the unit, C. Michael Armstrong, AT&T's chairman, was in Atlanta discussing a potential deal with Cox Communications, the nation's No.
While it has always encountered some competition from Wal-Mart and Target, last year the two giant discounters began carrying more toys than ever, with wider variety and lower prices in many cases that brought shoppers running.
John Faulkner, a Campbell's spokesman, said the company saw no need to eliminate genetically engineered ingredients because they were as ''equally nutritious and equally safe'' as nonmodified ones.
The integration of FareChase highlights a series of upgrades to Yahoo's travel offering, including the introduction of a satellite map service showing hotel locations and a feature allowing users to share travel experiences.
Apple Computer says its fourth-quarter profit more than doubled because of continued strong sales of iPod music players, beating Wall Street estimates by wide margin; net income was $106 million in fourth quarter ended Sept 25, compared with profit of $44 million in last year's fourth quarter; revenue rose 37 percent, to $2.35 billion, from $1.72 billion year ago; chief executive Steven P Jobs comments; graph; photo (M)
Still, Mr. Kollannur said: ''Xerox has to execute.
European Regulators Meet Today on Proposal to Brand Microsoft a Monopolist
Options range from imposing restrictions on Microsoft's conduct to breaking up the company.
space, even though it will be working with I.B.M.
He testified that a Microsoft executive had told him that Compaq paid less ''because Compaq doesn't compete with us.''
But in an interview yesterday, Mr. Jobs said that the problem was temporary and that he was confident that I.B.M.
Drivers will also be able to ask the computer to download news stories or traffic news from the Internet, then read the information aloud using a voice synthesizer, said Patrick Johnson, director of in-car computing operations at Intel.
The answer, of course, is Kodak.
Stefano Caroti, who took over last year as Nike's general manager for Central Europe, accuses Adidas of building its recent success by using Nike's winning formulas.
Yesterday's filing said AT&T had agreed to pay Credit Suisse First Boston and Goldman, Sachs about $55.8 million each for their work on the cable deal.
But a consortium composed of Logitech, Verizon Wireless, Qualcomm and gPix has just stumbled onto a novel idea.
Van C. Campbell, Corning's vice chairman, said that Corning would use the cash it is getting to pay down debt and expand its high-purity fused silica business -- which makes materials used in the manufacture of space shuttle windows, telescopes and semiconductors -- as well as to expand its photonics businesses.
In Puerto Rico, América Móvil will buy Verizon's 52 percent stake in Telecomunicaciones de Puerto Rico, the leading telecommunications holding company, for $939 million.
Faced with a sullen stock market and reluctant corporate clients, investment companies like Merrill Lynch, Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs have announced big layoffs.
Johnson County USD, $92.3 million of general obligation bonds for Olathe, Kan. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray.
The provision concerning Media Player is considered the harder of the two to settle because it questions an essential part of Microsoft's business model that has allowed it to develop highly successful programs like the word-processing package Word and the Outlook e-mail program.
Motorola, the world's second-largest mobile phone maker, said yesterday that its profit jumped 48 percent in the second quarter on the strength of record shipments of cellphones and digital set-top boxes.
wondered Eric E. Schmidt, the chairman and chief executive of Novell Inc., whose Netware product competes with Microsoft's Windows NT software for corporate networks.
In June, Campbell acknowledged trouble in its core business when it said it would not meet analysts' expectations for the current quarter because of slowing soup sales in grocery stores.
''Of course we knew that,'' Maureen McGuire, chief marketing officer at Sears Holdings in Hoffman Estates, Ill., said of what had taken place between Wal-Mart and Draft FCB, but ''we decided that was not important.''
''It is absolutely amazing that we could stay this long with the inefficiencies that we have,'' said Robert H. Hammer, the Boeing vice president in charge of modernizing the system.
The Gap expanded in the 1990's, as did its sister stores, Old Navy and Banana Republic.
Mr. Dym called it ''a big-time irony'' that Microsoft was releasing its instant-messaging protocol, since it has jealously guarded the source code for its operating systems and software programs.
Microsoft will make a written response to the enlarged European case in the coming days, and is expected to request a hearing with European Union competition regulators on Dec. 20 or 21.
Xerox's shares closed at $42.5625, up 56.25 cents.
But was it just embarrassing or was it truly damaging to Microsoft?
But Pfizer badly needs to get new medicines to market to replace sales it is losing to generic competitors.
According to people close to both News Corporation and to the Bancroft family, there are no immediate plans for the meeting, but one family member said it would be ''sooner rather than later.''
If all goes as planned, Sea Launch will fire into space six Zenits a year, though Mr. Albaugh of Boeing said the pace could be quickened to eight.
Enter Oracle, the software company in Redwood City, Calif., that is second only to Microsoft in size and the industry leader when it comes to database or information-management products.
Moreover, in a pot-and-kettle tit-for-tat, Microsoft noted that Oracle had financed its own share of lobbying groups, including ProComp, the Progress and Freedom Foundation, the Software and Information Industry Association and the Computer and Communications Industry Association -- all of which have taken stands against Microsoft.
Even some experts who question Microsoft's practices cautioned that Brussels's move could set bad precedents.
IBM begins distributing revised models of its ThinkPad and NetVista lines of laptop computers; photo (S)
Verizon also shrank the gap between its offer and Qwest's bid to 10 percent, from 20 percent, making it easier for MCI's board to side with Verizon.
I also had Web access, at least with Internet Explorer 5.5, which told me that Comcast's Web server was working.
The company was founded in 1995 by David Ditzel, a former computer architect at Sun, who as a graduate student at the University of California at Berkeley helped pioneer a type of chip technology called reduced instruction set computing, or RISC -- an approach that Intel fended off by sharply increasing the performance of its X86 chips.
Philip F. Murtaugh, the General Motors executive who turned the company's operations in China into one of G.M.
''Another $7 is in the newspapers and books and magazines.''
And Hologic, despite its current focus on digital mammography and other methods for diagnostic breast cancer, has its roots in bone-scanning technology for early detection of osteoporosis.
Correction:  May 27, 2005, Friday  An article in Thursday Styles on May 19 about fashion companies' efforts to choose celebrities for their advertisements misstated the annual sales of the Gap chain, through January 2005.
After Judge Jackson issued findings of fact in November that strongly supported the government's version of the case, many legal scholars said they expected that Microsoft would be found to have violated the nation's antitrust laws.
Mr. Patel said Yahoo was not simply playing catch-up and had been working on a new version of Yahoo Finance before Google's service was introduced.
For the company's business partners, including computer makers, the possibility of regulation has already helped them win concessions from Microsoft on the design of Windows XP, the latest version of its operating system.
Microsoft releases Word 2001, word processing software program for Macintosh operating systems; article evaluates new program, finds it impressive and innovative; drawing (M)
James R. Houghton's seeming pleasure at being back at Corning, the company his family founded 151 years ago -- and whose stock represents a solid chunk of his own wealth -- is so palpable that one could forget for a moment that he is there by need, not choice.
''And this acquisition by I.B.M.
McDonald's said it did not import raw beef or hamburger patties from Canada for use in the United States.
It is good news for the Boeing Company, which said only last week that weakening demand from Asia would force it to cut production of the 747 jumbo jet next year.
Amgen sells two other drugs, Neulasta and Neupogen, that increase production of infection-fighting white blood cells and are used to treat a different side effect of chemotherapy.
The Boss column on Michael R Bonsignore, chairman of Honeywell Inc, which is merging with Allied Signal Inc; Bonsignore will be chief executive of new Honeywell; he comments; photo (M)
The United States Army, Navy, Social Security Administration, Health and Human Services Department, Defense Logistics Agency, Postal Service, Coast Guard and, yes, the Justice Department, Microsoft's antitrust antagonist, have all started programs to use Microsoft software on tens of thousands of desktop computers.
The securities appear to cover Citigroup's potential losses from Enron, which in fact filed for bankruptcy protection in December.
But Mr. Gniwisch said the company was ''pushing it to the limit this year'' by offering two-day FedEx delivery for orders placed before noon on Dec. 20.
Lawyers for four black employees at the Coca-Cola Company filed a motion yesterday that included invoices from a Staples store in Atlanta, showing that someone at Coke had ordered a shredding machine in late April, after a discrimination lawsuit was filed.
AT&T, BellSouth and Cingular spend a combined $3 billion a year on advertising and marketing, Lauren Rich Fine, an analyst at Merrill Lynch, estimated yesterday.
Frequent Flier column on some of Carnival Corp vice president Giora Israel's experiences flying; photo (M)
They say that Coca-Cola and its giant bottling company, Coca-Cola Enterprises, are essentially one business and should consolidate their financial statements, an argument not lost on the nation's accounting rule makers.
In their suits, all filed over the last year or so, employees at Microsoft, Ford Motor and Conoco say the rating systems are unfair because they favor some groups of employees over others: white males over blacks and women, younger managers over older ones and foreign citizens over Americans.
Microsoft Preparing Challenge To Google and Yahoo for Ads
Following discussions with customers and resellers, Microsoft decided to put out one package that would automatically upgrade from either program.
Several consumer groups, including AARP and the Alzheimer's Association, supported the Pfizer program, but said it was no substitute for Congressional action to add drug benefits to Medicare.
Digital and Compaq accused Intel of violating various patents that they held.
By many accounts, both systems were a bust, significantly slowing service times for food that customers did not view as superior to that of McDonald's competitors.
Muhammed Ali appears in advertisements for three blue-chip brands: Gillette, IBM and Adidas; it is increasingly common for more than one ad campaign at a time to share elements like a celebrity endorser (M)
Torre Lazur McCann is a unit of the McCann-Erickson World Group, part of the Interpublic Group of Companies.
But Wall Street has also been worried -- and far more frustrated -- by the ways Motorola has been hurting itself.
Waste Management is experimenting with trees, but it has not found a species that thrives in the brewing soil and has roots that will not pierce the liners.
The Microsoft announcement is the clearest evidence yet that the company, which is struggling in a distant, unprofitable second place in the video game business against Sony, is trying to make its next-generation Xbox game machine more of a peripheral device connected to the PC in the home.
''It's an enticing way to try out something you might not otherwise want to take the risk to discover,'' said Thomas May, Amazon's senior music editor.
''True, it looks like it belongs in the Museum of Modern Art,'' read an advertisement from Apple Computer last year.
Last month, the Financial Services Agency, Japan's bank regulator, ordered Citigroup to close its private banking business, which caters to clients with more than 100 million yen ($932,400) to invest, after finding that a lack of internal controls enabled some employees to engage in fraudulent transactions.
Boston Scientific's only other significant bet in cardiac rhythm management is an investment in Cameron Health, a start-up based in San Clemente, Calif. Cameron is in the early stages of developing a novel defibrillator that is surgically attached to the heart to monitor it and provide shocks when needed to restore normal heartbeats without the use of wires embedded in the heart.
''Getting the plant up and running is absolutely critical to maintaining Folgers leadership share position because we are entering the peak consumption period,'' said Doug McGraw, vice president of Procter's global coffee unit.
An appeals court ruled last June that Microsoft had repeatedly violated antitrust laws and sent the case back to the district court in Washington to determine what penalties the software maker should face.
Shares of Intel rose 50 cents yesterday, to $36.19.
Mr. Zafirovski, 50, has won praise for overhauling Motorola's cellular phone unit after being recruited from General Electric three years ago and for his recent work as Mr. Galvin's second in command.
The other two are BBDO Worldwide in New York, part of Omnicom Group, and Grey Advertising in New York, a former agency for a Kellogg rival, the Post cereal unit of Kraft Foods, part of the Philip Morris Companies.
Over at Goldman Sachs, Anthony J. Noto, who during the Internet boom became known for his aggressively optimistic research in support of now-bankrupt clients like eToys, Webvan and Planet Rx, was recently awarded perhaps the most coveted prize on Wall Street: a Goldman Sachs partnership.
''Boeing does accept responsibility for the actions of its employees,'' said the senior Justice Department official, who added that the $615 million figure reflected ''money that was lost to the government due to Boeing's illicit activities.''
Mr. Murdoch's News Corporation has hired JPMorgan Chase, which advised the conglomerate on its DirecTV deal.
In the memorandum, sent to two SCO executives, Mike Anderer of S2 Strategic Consulting discussed a role in financing SCO, writing that ''Microsoft will have brought in $86 million for us including BayStar.''
Two of Coca-Cola's biggest bottlers in Latin America will combine in a $2.7 billion deal, in a move aimed at increasing sales in one of Coke's most important regions.
On that summer day in 1987 when I.B.M.
A federal appeals court agreed to shelve temporarily a lower court order requiring Microsoft to carry Sun's Java technology in the Windows operating system.
He holds Microsoft stock.
Rivals that make software for networks of PC's, called server software, complain that Windows for PC's runs better with Microsoft's own server software than it does with their competing products.
The letter posed 14 questions to the directors, raising doubts about the conduct of the board and Mr. Purcell with relation to the recent departure of several executives, the proposed spinoff of the Discover credit card unit and the regulatory and legal scrapes that have embroiled Morgan Stanley.
Cisco is hearing ''even more conservative attitudes from executives than we heard a quarter ago,'' Mr.
But when asked whether it was possible that CBS News might fill the position before Mr. Couric's contract runs out, Mr. McManus hesitated before saying, ''I have no timetable.''
Interpublic Executive Plans to Join Endeavor
Jolly Green Giant, 80-year-old character, returns in ad campaign in print ads and broadcast commercials from General Mills; Saatchi & Saatchi created campaign, which carries tagline 'For the Love of Vegetables' (S)
was investigating two Morgan Stanley funds for possible insider trading because they bought shares of Dean Foods ahead of its acquisition by Suiza Foods in 2001.
Paul Kleespies, the president of Asti tours, which specializes in vacation packages to Mexico, said he uses Taesa's Boeing 757's for about 70 percent of his flights mainly because of the carrier's attractive prices.
In all its class-action settlements, Microsoft has agreed to give vouchers to customers for buying computer hardware and software, including products produced by competitors.
The Disney stations reach 3.5 million Time Warner Cable customers in seven cities, including New York and Los Angeles.
''It sounds like it's going to fall short of the available technology,'' said Randy Baseler, vice president for marketing at Boeing's commercial aircraft division.
The announcement surprised some analysts because Boeing is still recovering from snarls that forced it to halt production on its 747 and 737 line in October and take $2.6 billion in charges.
Analysts are sharply split on the prospects for another new Pfizer medicine that an F.D.A.
The Pfizer program, which will now run through September 2005, is one of four being operated by drug companies in return for favored positions on Florida's Medicaid formulary, a list of drugs approved by the state for Medicaid recipients.
During the airport meeting, for example, Yahoo representatives agreed that some online clubs should be banned under Yahoo's own policies.
Oracle Argues Its Case Before PeopleSoft Clients
Since Target's physical stores are places of public accommodation, the ruling said, its online store must also be accessible or the company must offer equally effective alternatives.
Top chip designers give first public briefing on ultrafast microprocessor chip that companies hope can dominate computing in next decade the way Intel chips controlled market in 1980's and 1990's; Intel, looking to expand beyond personal computer market, has teamed up with Hewlett-Packard Co to develop chip architecture known as IA-64 that would be used first for machines capable of handling complex corporate and engineering computer tasks; Intel reports net income in third quarter rose to $1.57 billion from $1.31 billion in quarter a year earlier; revenue climbed nearly 20 percent, to $6.16 billion from $5.14 billion; profit was below what many analysts had expected; chart (L)
In a question-and-answer section of today's report, Mr. Ford said that it might be difficult to persuade Wall Street that it was worthwhile for Ford Motor to take big steps to be perceived as progressive and environmentally friendly.
Indeed, few analysts or officials at Northrop Grumman seemed terribly interested or concerned yesterday about how Newport News shareholders would respond to the offer.
Yahoo said that although sites would be able to pay to be in the index, its computer system would still pick the most relevant site for each search, without regard to payment status.
Asked to characterize the fallout from today's ruling, he said: ''I would say that a small number of people with large holdings of Microsoft stock suffered a large one-day paper loss because of an overreaction to the end of an unrealistic expectation of an early resolution.
Microsoft is preparing new marketing push for its Internet service, MSN, including mass-distributed software offering free hours for signing up, promotional deals with Radio Shack and Best Buy, broadband service and special software designed to make it easier to use Microsoft sites like MoneyCentral, Encarta and HomeAdviser; has had trouble gaining ground against America Online (S)
And he feels it may take a heavyweight like Microsoft to push for standards that allow products to work better together.
Coca-Cola Co asks advertising agencies to present creative ideas for advertising its Sprite brand, which has been handled since 2001 by Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide; billings estiamted at $45 million (S(
Despite Bumps, Citigroup 4th Quarter Was Up
As part of its settlement with the S.E.C., Xerox, based in Stamford, Conn., admitted that it had prematurely booked leasing revenue in the 1990's and had improperly allocated reserves.
Aetna Inc, nation's biggest health insurer, says its operating income rose 20 percent in fourth quarter; but Wall Street analyst say underlying numbers are disappointing, reflecting deterioration in Aetna's core health business and losses overseas; Cigna Corp says operating income rose 31 percent to $296 million; Aetna says profits from operations were $173 million compared with $144.4 million; Aetna US Healthcare operating earnings, before Year 2000 costs, were $127.1 million, up from $112.9 million in 1998 quarter; Cigna says health maintainence earnings rose 31 percent to $118 million; non-HMO health insurance gained 10 percent to $113 million (M)
Microsoft reported yesterday that its sales grew strongly in the recent quarter, but its profits lagged.
Time Warner, the executives said, still has some way to go digging into MGM's records, though it, too, is familiar with MGM, having held talks with it last year that were abandoned.
Royalties will pour in -- if Target has been as astute in choosing Mr. Oldham as it was in choosing Mr. Gianulli, and if nostalgia for his television test patterns, Lite Brite lamps and fame as a former fashion darling can attract a group of kids with no memory of any of them.
Paris court rejects lawsuit by French human rights advocates and Holocaust survivors who sued Yahoo for one symbolic euro; accused Yahoo of having condoned war crimes when it sold Nazi paraphernalia on its auction pages; French law forbids display or sale of racist material, but items were available to French users who clicked on to American pages; court says Yahoo did not seek to 'justify war crimes and crimes against humanity' when it sold items on its Web site (S)
But Mr. Bove noted that the bank's share price, which closed down 41 cents yesterday at $43.70, is a weak reflection of Citigroup's earnings potential.
The rival bidder Ford Motor has made similar promises.
Chubb Chooses G.M.
The I.B.M.
I.B.M.
The two unions counter that Verizon could easily afford to pay the increased health care costs itself because it had $4 billion in profit last year on revenue of $67 billion.
The agreement reached by the American Justice Department with Microsoft in 2001 left much of the monitoring of Microsoft's actions up to computer manufacturers, which have little stake in policing the giant software company.
Yahoo said it now had evidence of something that many e-mail users long suspected but had never managed to prove: that spammers take the names of people who ask to be removed from their e-mail lists and sell them to other marketers.
But as the company outgrows its rural roots and moves into suburbs and cities, it is encountering more resistance from people whose traditions and values may be different from those of Wal-Mart's historic customers.
Priceline Shares Fall on Word Sales Won't Meet Forecasts
EOS EXPANSION -- The low-fare all-business-class carrier Eos Airlines took delivery of its fourth Boeing 757 aircraft as it advances plans for expansion on trans-Atlantic routes.
Intel, of course, went on to dominate semiconductor manufacturing, and today Mr. Moore, 73, says through a spokesman that he does not remember the article, which appeared in the September 1970 issue of the journal Electronics.
Correction of May 1 article on various large takeover deals in South Korea regarding ranking of Daewoo Motor, whose main assets are being acquired by General Motors
Campbell Soup hopes a new campaign aimed at children will help bolster sagging sales.
Earlier this month, Apple said it expected a loss of between $100 million and $150 million in the quarter, far higher than analysts had estimated.
New York State Supreme Court Justice Edward J McLaughlin rules in support of approach taken by Manhattan District Attorney Robert M Morgenthau in prosecuting securities cases, allowing state insider-trading charges to proceed against traders Robert Breed, Jennifer D'Antoni, Mark Nogid and Vincent Napolitano; McLaughlin, in rejecting defense motions to stop case, says state prosecutions are not pre-empted by Federal securities laws and that District Attorney's office can prosecute insider trading cases under Martin Act, as well as under state's general business laws, as it is seeking to do; defendants are charged with trading on insider information provided by Marisa Baridis, who obtained confidential market-sensitive information about companies through her work as compliance officer first at Smith Barney Inc, now part of Travelers Group, and then at Morgan Stanley, Dean Witter, Discover & Co, now Morgan Stanley Dean Witter (M)
The module's image sensor, a charge-coupled device made by Eastman Kodak, is within a replacement camera back that is also equipped with an L.C.D.
At the time, Time Warner indicated that its acquisition strategy focused on bulking up its cable television operators through moves like buying the Adelphia Communications Corporation, and it was still embroiled in a Securities and Exchange Commission investigation over how America Online accounted for its revenue.
In a statement yesterday, the chairman of Oracle, Jeffrey O. Henley, said, ''This ruling puts the onus squarely on the board of PeopleSoft to meet with us and to redeem their poison pill so that shareholders can accept our offer.''
actually have a grand strategy in data storage, or has the company's new chief executive, Samuel J. Palmisano, simply opted for an expedient way to improve I.B.M.
Sony and I.B.M.
Ralph Lauren's Stock: Why Has It Languished?
Emmanuel officials, who retained the right to review the Merck building's design, have stayed in close touch as the project evolved, and Sister Donovan, the college treasurer, attended monthly meetings as a member of the drug company's development team.
Richard D. Parsons, the chief executive of Time Warner, could settle on a deal with one of the companies in the next week or two, said the executive, who described the state of the talks on condition that he not be identified because of the confidential nature of the deal making.
In contrast to the slowing sales for many PC makers, Apple reported strong demand across its product lines.
Among the changes is a vow from 10 of the largest food and beverage manufacturers -- including General Mills, McDonald's and Coca-Cola -- that at least half of their advertising directed at children under the age of 12 would promote healthier foods or contain messages that encourage healthy lifestyles.
Microsoft's truce with Palm, its longtime rival in palmtop software, was forged with a rare agreement to allow Palm to tinker with the Windows Mobile software, the companies' leaders said here Monday.
For one thing, the lease prices are significantly higher in the areas where Verizon dominates; the price per line is as high as $28 a month, according to AT&T.
The ruse has added a bit of Spy vs. Spy melodrama to a bitter dispute over instant on-line messaging that America Online and Microsoft -- the world's two largest Internet service providers -- have been waging for several weeks.
Mona Williams, a spokeswoman for Wal-Mart, said yesterday that the company had notified Draft FCB ''that we have decided to reopen the bid process for our advertising account and that it will not be eligible to participate.''
''It is the government's burden to define the set of customers for whom Oracle, PeopleSoft and SAP are the only options and who are harmed by this,'' Mr. Phillips told attendees of Quest West in San Diego, a user group conference that attracted about 200 representatives from medium-size companies that use products from J.D.
Comcast executives have indicated that they were led to believe, through intermediaries, that some Disney board members would welcome a bid.
The campaign is being produced by nine agencies, eight of them part of the McCann Worldgroup division of the Interpublic Group of Companies.
According to Mr. Mulloy, Intel believes that Intergraph's patents are not valid, but that if they are valid, Intel already holds licenses to those patents through an agreement with the company that sold the patents to Intergraph as part of a now-defunct chip known as Clipper.
Another surprise, Mr. Foley said, was Verizon's contributions to Mr. Seidenberg's retirement plan in recent years.
An outgoing and charismatic man who is known inside Citigroup for reaching outside the bank's fiefs to contact colleagues about new ideas, Mr. Banga was born and reared in India, where his father was a member of the Indian army.
A spokesman for Coca-Cola, Rob Baskin, said company officials in Atlanta had not seen the lawsuit, which was filed on Thursday.
Ricardo Martorana, who was forced to resign as president of IBM Argentina, said he too was angry at the way I.B.M.
Courtyard by Marriott II is already $58.8 million behind in various fees to Marriott.
Strength of Kodak's Results In Period Surprises Wall St.
After 102 Years, Campbell Alters Soup Labels
Cardinal Health Inc, one of nation's largest drug wholesalers, says it will buy R P Scherer Corp for $2.2 billion in stock; analyst says acquisition will make Cardinal more of player in pharmaceutical business; Cardinal was unsuccessful last August in its effort to buy rival drug wholesaler, Bergen Brunswig Corp, in deal that would have made Cardinal nation's largest drug wholesaler (M)
Opening a new front in its increasingly bitter war with Microsoft, the Netscape Communications Corporation plans on Monday to announce that it has created a software company that will enter an alliance with I.B.M., Oracle and four Japanese consumer electronics giants, Netscape executives said in interviews over the weekend.
If Judge Hardin does allow her to testify, Merck may immediately appeal the ruling to a higher state court, possibly forcing the trial to stop while the higher court considers the issue, lawyers for both sides said.
''We obviously expected a more timely resolution,'' General Electric said in a statement Monday evening.
Morgan Stanley declined to turn over some documents and other information demanded by the commission on the grounds that its subpoena was too broad.
''A lot of companies are running Linux on some server in a closet somewhere, but when I.B.M.
Analysts credit the achievements with helping Interpublic stock prices rebound, to $16.95 on Friday -- near its 52-week high of $17.31 -- compared with $9.65 when Mr. Bell took over.
The regulated company -- still known as Rochester Telephone -- owns and operates the existing local phone network; it is required to lease out capacity on its network at a wholesale discount to would-be competitors like AT&T.
Indeed, while news of the merger pushed Measurex's stock up $10.50, to $34.75, Honeywell's shares dipped just 62.5 cents, closing at $69.375.
There is at least one precedent for Procter keeping rather than dismissing an agency inherited in a merger.
The Galvin family remains the largest individual holders of Motorola stock, but their stake has dwindled to a small fraction of that of the institutional investors.
Motorola warned that earnings in the current quarter might be weaker than forecast but projected full-year earnings and revenue in line with Wall Street's projections.
Judge Jackson ruled that Microsoft illegally tied its browser to its monopoly product -- its Windows operating system -- and that some of its contracts were an illegal use of its monopoly muscle.
The acquisition is the first big takeover of an agency company so far this year and the largest ever by far for the continually acquisitive Interpublic, which had been third in revenue behind WPP and the Omnicom Group in New York and second in billings behind WPP.
Automated services on Verizon's network and wireless services were not disrupted.
Instead of using software from 10 or more companies and having to spend the time, and the money, to integrate them, Oracle says it has saved more than $1 billion  over the last year by using its E-Business Suite of software in its business operations.
''I would assume there is a ripple effect of Marks Brothers and Nordstrom's announcement,'' said Karen Sack, an analyst with Standard & Poor's Rating Services.
''What is more difficult to understand why CBS would feel that Couric of all people is the one who is uniquely qualified to do that job.''
''Growth was not as high as we originally anticipated due to inventory adjustments at some of our major customers and lower-than-expected overall demand for PC's,'' said Craig R. Barrett, Intel's chief executive.
Technology Briefing
In fact, a Gap spokesman said, as of the annual board meeting in May 2001 there were 5 insiders out of 10 directors; today there are 4 out of 13.
Yahoo shareholder Eric Jackson, who is not happy with company's performance, has mounted grass-roots campaign calling for changes including removal of chief executive Terry S Semel and several company directors; Jackson's campaign has little chance of success for now, but plenty of other people have questions for Semel; Yahoo's annual meeting will be held June 12 (M)
Wal-Mart's move upscale, he said, may have also encouraged middle-class shoppers to cross into the chain's clothing, electronics and home décor departments.
Airbus views the A350 -- which it began marketing in 2004 as a competitor to Boeing's popular 787 Dreamliner -- as the linchpin of its recovery.
The commercial is for the Neutrogena line of skin care and cosmetics products sold by Johnson & Johnson, which is a regular advertiser on ''Will & Grace.''
Allied with Nokia, Ericsson and Motorola in developing the Symbian platform, Psion is battling the Microsoft Corporation over what analysts expect to be a booming market in Internet-linked mobile devices.
Cyberspace divisions of Time Warner Inc and Saatchi & Saatchi PLC will undertake innovative effort to make banner ads more closely resemble constantly changing content of World Wide Web sites on which they appear, and thereby increase their appeal; idea is to take advantage of Internet and thus heighten interest of computer users in clicking on ad banners (M)
In a statement, Nike said the decision ''sets a dangerous precedent by restraining companies, such as Nike, from making public statements about their business practices when challenged in the arena of public debate.''
Amazon removed that question from the search results page after it received a complaint from a member of the Religious Coalition for Reproductive Choice, a national organization based in Washington.
Whatever the personal relationship between the two men, as Michael Smith resists the News Corporation and continues to search for an alternative, and the market falls, he may find he has diminishing flexibility.
Interpublic Opens A Sports Unit
Microsoft's Setback in Patent Case Ripples Through World Wide Web
Executives of General Motors and the government's Korea Development Bank, lead creditor for the bankrupt Daewoo Motors, were to sign a memorandum of understanding today setting the terms for G.M.
WANTED: To meet the rapid growth of Europe's largest low-fare airline, up to 50 Boeing 737's.
In this case, the Nike site was redirected to a site of an organization called S11 Alliance, based in Australia.
Stung by pricing pressure from Asian competitors, Micron Technology Inc. yesterday reported a steeper-than-expected loss for its second fiscal quarter.
The Securities and Exchange Commission is expanding its investigation of the Xerox Corporation's accounting practices to include the company's former auditors, KPMG, as well as several people affiliated with Xerox and KPMG, according to a person close to the investigation.
As Qwest moves from standard telephone networks to systems based on Internet technology, Mr. Wilks said, ''Cisco is helping us architect it so that transition is seamless.''
He forced Paul Maritz, a group vice president at Microsoft who is a product and marketing whiz (but not an economist), to defend the company's thinnest economic argument -- that it is not a monopoly.
VS. MICROSOFT: THE COMPANY
One approach would be to slice it up into one company that has the Windows operating system and another that has other software applications, like the Microsoft Office suite of word processing, spreadsheet and data base programs.
The dissidents' proposal, outlined in a 21-page presentation accompanied by a letter to shareholders, would create a separate institutional business, under the Morgan Stanley banner, with an implied value of $35 billion to $42 billion, an amount that some investors and analysts see as generous.
''So we'll be very reliant on Yahoo and Google -- and vice versa -- for at least the next three to five years.''
The president of General Electric, Jeffrey R. Immelt, said last week there was ''zero'' chance that the acquisition of Honeywell would go ahead.
We have a wonderful opportunity to create a company that combines distribution and content in a way that is far stronger and more valuable than either Disney or Comcast can be standing alone.
Netflix also rents documentary films and has distributed 13 documentary films that major studios did not pick up.
The statement yesterday also expanded on a caution first given on Friday, when Interpublic warned investors that it would delay its 2004 reports, due originally in mid-March, until April 1 at the earliest.
Nor is there a collar on the deal that would allow for a change in the ratio of 1.5 AOL shares for each Time Warner share.
Marriott cut its headquarters staff by nearly 1,000 employees in 1990 and was close to bankruptcy for much of the early 1990's.
The merged agency, named Beyond Interactive, will be part of MediaCom, with 300 employees and billings estimated at $266 million from clients like DoubleClick, Oracle and Procter & Gamble.
Northrop Grumman Corp says it will cut work force by 8,000 people, or about 15 percent, by the end of 2000 as it tries to remain competitive as independent company in wake of collapse of its acquisition by Lockheed Martin on antitrust grounds; most of cuts will be in Southern California; chairman Kent Kresa comments, interview (M)
But yesterday, Ravi Suria, an influential convertible bond analyst at Lehman Brothers, published a report arguing that this may be the year in which both time and money run out for Amazon.
Mr. Kusin will remain chief executive and will join FedEx's strategic management committee.
said Howard A. Rubel, an analyst at Schwab Soundview Capital Markets, an equity research firm in Greenwich, Conn. ''Boeing may be setting the stage to say, 'Let's level the playing field.'''
In an interview with The Times of London in March, Mr. Kagermann criticized the Justice Department's effort to block Oracle's bid for PeopleSoft and the department's market definition.
Moreover, although I.B.M.
The new product, to be known as AOL TV, will compete directly with Microsoft's WebTV, which already has about 800,000 users.
And today, Jeet Bindra, recently named president of the Chevron Pipe Line Company, is expected to tell stock analysts at a meeting in New York that Chevron made well over $80 million from the oilfield last year, way up from $1 million in 1995.
Analysts who cover Time Warner say they do not see this gap as a black mark against Mr. Levin.
But through Microsoft's digital lens, limiting what can be sewn together with computer code flies in the face of the revolutionary nature of technology.
''This sort of thing is designed to create a halo around Coca-Cola so people will say, What a great, responsible company they are; they're trying to be a part of the solution,'' said Margo Wootan, director of nutrition policy at the Center for Science in the Public Interest, an advocacy group that is often critical of food companies.
The company, with employees like Mr. Ribeiro, and with a second round of venture capital financing expected to close any day, is a market leader for information security in Brazil, serving clients here like Microsoft and ABN Amro.
Just last week, Bell Atlantic sued AT&T in New Jersey, accusing it of deceptive promotions on such calls -- a charge AT&T denies.
That way, Citigroup earns fees or commissions, without shouldering the expense and risk of providing the insurance itself.
Last month Kodak burst out of its earnings doldrums, announcing a 35 percent gain in second-quarter earnings.
The venture's purpose has been to develop a cellphone operating system intended to thwart Microsoft's planned advance in the mobile phone market.
Actually, this county already accommodates a corporate headquarters with a soccer field, but Adidas officials strenuously object to the inevitable comparisons to the Nike campus.
But under Mr. Gerstner, I.B.M.
Asked whether he needed to mend fences with bottlers, whose displeasure at the concentrate-price increases -- at 7 percent, twice the typical rate -- probably did not go unnoticed by Coca-Cola's board, Mr. Daft said he thought the situation had been overstated.
Less than half of Delphi's revenue is from General Motors.
Following are key dates in the antitrust investigation of Microsoft:
A.T.& T.'s results last year were distorted by a one-time restructuring charge of $4.2 billion for the acquisition of NCR, the computer company.If special charges are stripped away, A.T.& T.'s profits rose 16.1 percent, to $963 million, from $829 million a year ago.
The Justice Department prevailed in the case when Judge Jackson ruled on Monday that Microsoft was a ''predatory'' monopolist that had acted illegally to protect its market domination.
Aetna, the second-largest underwriter of employer health care plans, says that only 38 of the hundreds of employers it covers are offering the savings plans for 2005.
In addition, if several computers download the patch from Microsoft at the same time, it could slow network performance, Mr. Hartmann said.
AT&T Wireless executives said that the service would cost about $30 a month above the cost of standard cellular voice service, plus additional charges for data beyond an initial number of minutes each month that the company has not yet determined.
Mr. Moore, who co-founded Intel, is an icon of the precise and perhaps narrower chip engineering discipline that today continues to progress by layering sheets of individual molecules, one on top of the other, and by making wires that are finer in diameter than a wavelength of light.
Responding to complaints by rivals that A.T.& T. was not playing fair, the Federal Communications Commission ordered the company today to change what it tells customers about using their long-distance calling cards.
Federal appeals court judges pelt lawyers representing Justice Department and 19 states with skeptical questions about Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson's ruling that Microsoft violated Sherman Antitrust Act by trying to leverage its monopoly in operating system market to gain control of new areas; majority also appears to question finding that company violated law by tying Internet Explorer Web browser to Windows; appeals court is expected by most experts to reverse some of Jackson's decision, but perhaps not enough to erode order to split company in two; judges, who show they have intensely scrutinized voluminous record, also ask tough technical questions of Microsoft lawyers; photo (M)
Wal-Mart has long been known for vigorously fighting unions, and no workers in North America are represented by unions.
Boeing Earnings Tumbled By 91% in First Quarter
A Boeing spokesman, Tim Neale, said the settlement with the Justice Department did not address the tax status of the payment.
Nike, which has a building named for Hamm on its campus in Beaverton, Ore., chose to supply apparel and equipment only to the Washington team, for which Hamm plays.
Preview Travel Inc, whose World Wide Web site has traditionally focused on vacationers, is wooing business travelers; it is only business travel Web site that allows users to create interactive guide to destinations based on data from Fodor's Travel Publications' Gold Guide series of books; Regency Hotel in New York, flagship property of Loews Hotels, is undergoing $25 million renovation, its first in 10 years; June Langhoff, freelance writer who specializes in high-tech issues, is author of new book, The Business Traveler's Survival Guide (Business Travel column) (L)
Both Justice Department officials and Microsoft executives reply that the concerns of industry rivals and partners are exaggerated.
With Yahoo's growth slowing sharply, target prices will plummet.
He announced that Citigroup, the city's largest private employer, would erect a $200 million office building in Long Island City, Queens, and had promised to increase its work force by 600 over the next two years.
Google Joins With Viacom In a Web Test Of Video Ads
Xerox Corp is waging war against counterfeiters of its cartridges, toners and other high-margin items that users of printers and copiers must replace again and again; company is running makeshift sting operations, buying products it suspects to be counterfeit and testing them in its labs, then turning information about illegal copies over to authorities; Xerox and police officials in Pittsburgh presided over prearranged surrender of Robert Leonard, president of Alberta International, who allegedly sold $30,000 of phony Xerox cartridges; photo (M)
The commission admits that there was little direct competition between the three computer manufacturers and Intel.
Confounding Wall Street skeptics, Apple Computer released quarterly financial results Wednesday that showed strong growth in both its iPod music player and its MacBook portable computer businesses.
That meeting, according to the Justice Department and 20 states suing Microsoft, was the high-tech equivalent of the storied gatherings in smoke-filled railroad cars that inspired passage of the nation's antitrust laws a century ago.
''If I'm J.P. Morgan or Citigroup, at this point, I don't know what story I am selling,'' one banker said.
The commission is expected to announce remedies to restore competition in these markets, requiring Microsoft to sell two versions of Windows to PC makers in Europe, one of them with Media Player stripped out.
Multinational consulting firms like I.B.M., Accenture and Electronic Data Systems are competing with homegrown competitors like Wipro Ltd. and Tata Consultancy Services to attract employees from among India's educated, technically qualified and English-speaking pool of workers.
Yesterday, after meeting informally with Mattel employees, he said he would begin to quickly read his way through the Harry Potter books, a highly successful series by J. K. Rowling that sold licensing rights for toys to Mattel earlier this year.
Seeking to remove the tarnish from Microsoft's reputation for developing secure and reliable software, Microsoft's chairman, Bill Gates, distributed a companywide memorandum on Tuesday to call on employees to put more emphasis on making the company's products ''trustworthy.''
The next day I flew to Armenia on a half-filled 15-to-20-seat plane with government workers and I.B.M.
(AT&T is scheduled to file its 2001 annual report with the Securities and Exchange Commission today.)
And the government has a powerful finding against Microsoft without it, because the company was found to have illegally defended its monopoly with its restrictive contracts with PC makers.
Pfizer Gets Mixed Verdict in British Lipitor Patent Case
As for the disco tune in the spots not featuring Mr. Alexander, said Ann Lewnes, worldwide advertising director at Intel, ''music is a great way to relate to an audience.''
Industry analysts said today that Apple should have a significant advantage in the market for Internet multimedia software since much of the multimedia material already offered on line was originally created in the Quicktime format.
The Microsoft Corporation appealed a Federal judge's order that pretrial questioning of its chairman, William H. Gates, and 16 employees in the Government's antitrust action be opened to the public and the news media, the company said today.
By bringing Coca-Cola Enterprises into the investigation, regulators seem intent on examining the entire European operation.
Intel said it would not alter its plan to spend $7.5 billion on capital expenses this year, surprising analysts who had predicted that the downturn would cause Intel to cut back.
One of Deutsche Bank's German legacies is a cost structure considerably more expensive than those of competitors like Citigroup.
Exodus of insurance companies from Hartford continues as Travelers Property Casuality Corp and St Paul Cos merge and announce consolidation of operations outside Connecticut; Phoenix Cos and Hartford Financial Services Group are only major insurance corporations left in city; struggling city expects to lose money for cultural and charity organizations as well as civic leaders; photo; chart with timeline on Hartford's vanishing insurance companies (L)
The move would make Motorola a key supplier of cable television equipment and allow the company to develop what it calls a ''home hub'' of products to offer broadband cable and Internet access to homes.
But within days of its runway show during Fashion Week in New York next week, Proenza Schouler plans to auction some of the newly modeled clothes and shoes on eBay.
The plan, which is expected to be announced Monday at a cellular telephone conference in New Orleans, makes Motorola and Cisco Systems the latest communications and networking giants to join forces in an attempt to capitalize on the increasing popularity of the Internet and the rapid growth of wireless communications products.
Antitrust Deal Is Called Big Victory for Microsoft
''What we have found is that there is a different group of stakeholders today that are important,'' Mr. Scott told the audience, ''and that is a person who's not familiar with Wal-Mart stores, they're not familiar with what we stand for.
Boeing's chairman, Philip M. Condit, said the job cuts would largely be made through attrition and would involve about 10 percent of the 118,000 workers in Boeing's commercial airplane division.
But underneath those numbers, Yahoo is making significant gains, particularly in the United States, with new features that it has yet to introduce to international users.
Following the discovery of mold inside one batch of glass bottles earlier this week, the Coca-Cola Company is recalling all of its soft drinks in the same-sized bottles in Poland, the company said yesterday.
Disney proponents, led by the company's pugnacious Washington lobbyist, Preston Padden, who urged confrontation with Time Warner, have used the ABC blackout as evidence of why the merger would be dangerous.
Pfizer said yesterday that clinical trials of torcetrapib -- a heart medication that is the most important drug in the company's pipeline -- confirmed that it raises blood pressure, a potentially serious side effect.
Akamai, based in Cambridge, Mass., helps Web sites distribute information to users more quickly.
In the past Mr. Jobs has cited the carriers' control of handsets in the United States as a reason he had not introduced an Apple phone.
Dozens of studies sponsored by Johnson & Johnson that might have warned doctors away were never published, just as the pharmaceutical manufacturer Pfizer failed to publish an early study of Celebrex that indicated a heart risk.
Still, Canon, Ricoh and Heidelberg, Xerox's most formidable competitors, also introduced products last year, forcing Xerox to reduce prices.
Now, as the two companies gird for a battle between the A380 and the much smaller 7E7, Boeing is sending Airbus a stern message about the rules of the game.
For the last three years, Mr. Finnegan has been chief executive of the General Motors Acceptance Corporation, which mainly finances new car sales.
General Electric has reported that Mr. Welch's total compensation, including bonus and salary, was $16.7 million in 2000, his last full year at the company before his retirement last September.
He said Microsoft had already created a modular version of Windows XP that allows makers of devices like television set-top boxes and cash registers to pick and choose which components of the operating system to include.
Government calls its last witness in Microsoft Corp antitrust trial, Massachusetts Institute of Technology economist Franklin M Fisher, after presenting 110 pages of his written testimony that amounts to summation of--and economic justification for--Justice Department's suit; much of Fisher's testimony is detailed review of major allegations in Government's case; Fisher also seeks to advance case and strengthen argument for strong sanctions against Microsoft with his analysis of Microsoft's pricing tactics; he asserts Microsoft commits predatory pricing by giving away its Internet Explorer browser (M)
WHOLE FOODS MARKET  95 East Houston Street (Bowery), Lower East Side; (212) 420-1320.
Merck shares fell another 6 cents yesterday, closing at $27.77.
Analysts have speculated that Johnson & Johnson may try to use its patents to prevent Boston Scientific from marketing its newest stent designs.
Currently it is struggling with a production process where circuits are 0.35 micron in width, but to keep up with Intel it must rapidly move to a 0.25 micron process.
Macao, in particular, is a magnet for gamblers from around the region, and since it ended a local monopoly on gambling two years ago, it has attracted billions of dollars in investments from Las Vegas Sands, MGM Mirage and Wynn Resorts.
Correction:  April 6, 2005, Wednesday  The Market Place column in Business Day yesterday, about ChevronTexaco's acquisition of Unocal, misstated an asset included in the purchase.
The outsize robot adventure movie was born when the talent agency connected Hasbro -- a client, and owner of the Transformers toy line -- with DreamWorks, Paramount and another longtime associate, Steven Spielberg, among others.
Blue Origin, space exploration company founded by Amazon.com founder and billionaire Jeff Bezos, provides online glimpse of Goddard rocket and its suborbital flight; says it will have regular commercial flights as early as 2010; photo (M)
Picking up on that theme, audience members today asked Mr. Gates, the Microsoft chairman, to define the boundaries between the operating system and the applications programs that can be supplied by other companies -- including software for browsing the World Wide Web.
would have taken Time Warner to court if the company had not agreed to the concessions.
In that hour NBC's ''Deal or No Deal'' regularly squashes all other shows, and has succeeded in ousting the comedies CBS had scheduled there, ''Out of Practice'' and ''Courting Alex.''
The move follows ABC's recent deal to make several of its shows available for paid downloads on Apple's latest iPod portable music and video player.
''Investors were overly pessimistic on the entire industry,'' said Doreen A. Toben, Verizon's chief financial officer.
Since announcing its bid in December, Express Scripts has called on Caremark's management to meet and discuss the offer.
Microsoft and ICL of Britain In 'Enterprise Computing' Pact
The Aug. 22 issue carried about 18 ad pages for the Target discount chain operated by the Target Corporation.
US drug makers are trying to fix industry's tarnished image; Merck & Co's former chairman Roy Vagelos, who was one of industry's most prominent boosters, now condemns drug makers for 'exorbitant' prices of new medicines and 'galloping' annual increases of old ones; predicts government price controls are almost inevitable; Pfizer holds news conference to announce effort to provide discounted drugs to working poor and anyone without health insurance; drug companies are concerned that Congress will pass legislation that would legalize drug imports or allow government officials to bargain for discounts, either of which could put big dent in industry's profits and investments; photos (M)
''Dow Jones is electronic journalism disguised as a newspaper,'' he said.
Morgan Stanley's choice to charge a separate fee for its research is likely to inhibit people from using the service, said K. Blake Darcy, the chief executive of a competing on-line service, DLJ Direct.
Boeing's employment, nearly all of it in the United States, fell to 157,000 at the end of last year from 239,000 at the end of 1997.
Over the next five years, the strategy, which is known as .Net, will transform Microsoft from a purveyor of packaged software increasingly into a supplier of information-age services like digital wallets, software subscriptions and e-commerce portals.
But what to call the new merged behemoth, which is being named AOL Time Warner?
The award was among the highest ever given to an individual plaintiff, although Texas law will automatically reduce it to about $26 million and Merck has said it will appeal.
State Street is offering 0.906 shares of its stock for each share of Investors Financial Services common stock, based on last Friday's closing share price.
''We simply cannot replicate the powerful combination of factors that threatened Microsoft's Windows monopoly six years ago,'' Professor Shapiro said.
Chemical operations at Exxon Mobil and the other companies were weak, in large part because of high prices for natural gas, which is used to run chemical plants.
kept pushing OS/2 for years, Windows became the industry standard and a monopoly, and Microsoft became as powerful in the personal computer era as I.B.M.
Xerox said it would cooperate fully with the S.E.C.
Apple, which is seeking a way to get the development of its own operating system moving again, has been talking with Be about an alliance or acquisition.
Bookseller and Yahoo to Announce Pact
The trade commission will charge that Intel has engaged in a pattern of similar behavior involving at least two other companies.
Mr. Roberts, who is 37, is the president of Comcast and the son of the company's founder.
Exxon Mobil also was expected to lead a smaller Red Sea project, estimated at about $5 billion, and Shell was expected to lead a $5 billion project in the Shaybah in the southeastern part of the country.
Last month, General Motors rattled the industry when it began the sale, which can drop the average sticker price on a vehicle by several thousand dollars.
The high-speed data service for commercial aircraft, called Connexion, was originally announced by Boeing in April 2000.
Mark R. Anderson, editor of The Strategic News Service, a technology newsletter, said, ''If it is really going to enter another growth phase, Microsoft needs more management help and more of a structure.''
Barbara Perlmutter, a spokeswoman for Marsh & McLennan, said insurers had agreed to an extension of coverage, but that she did not know for how long.
Floyd Norris column suggests Microsoft Corp chairman Bill Gates cut a deal in Justice Department's antitrust case; holds someone should convince Gates that Microsoft's chances of being in forefront of whatever comes next in computer industry will be better if he cuts a deal and moves on; graph (M)
William M. Siu, vice president and general manager for Intel's desktop platforms group, said the company hoped to sell 70 million Prescott chips this year, calling it the fastest production start in Intel history.
The investigators are looking for evidence that Microsoft may have prodded these companies into curbing their own work on Internet-related software, or tried to get them to limit support for Netscape, Microsoft's main rival in Internet software.
I.B.M.
Entrepreneurs and optimists, along with companies like AT&T and Verizon Communications, say that Internet-based telephony could revolutionize the telecommunications industry.
William J. Thompson, an actuarial consultant who is the independent fiduciary hired by Wells Fargo under Labor Department rules to review the financial health of the private insurer, said that ''one of the reasons employers are looking to do this is to get the unrelated business up to get the tax benefit.''
The Justice Department and 20 states have charged Microsoft with illegally protecting its monopoly in operating systems for personal computers and trying to extend its monopoly into the new Internet software and commerce.
Morgan Stanley has already reserved $360 million for the case and in a filing this week that was made after the initial ruling, the firm said that it might have to reassess that amount.
In contrast, Exxon Mobil, the world's largest publicly held oil company, monitors its reserves every year on a rolling basis.
''This drug gives us access to a much larger international marketplace,'' said Anthony J. Gringeri, vice president for product development at Amgen, which is based in Thousand Oaks, Calif. Amgen said it expected the Food and Drug Administration to approve American use of Aranesp by pre-dialysis patients soon.
Ultimately, Coca-Cola's executives met with a number of publishers, settling on a mix of books that had some appeal to men and women.
The departures coincide with slowing sales growth and several marketing stumbles at Wal-Mart, like designer-inspired fashions that have failed to sell.
Until recently, he was responsible for all of Citigroup's business in Japan.
Union Pacific has said that the acquisition will eventually produce efficiency gains.
At the Microsoft trial today, the biggest news was what did not happen: For the first time since the company began presenting its defense against Federal antitrust charges last month, a major company witness did not leave the courtroom with his head on a platter.
Ivax, drug company that has fought for years to sell generic version of Taxol, top cancer drug in US, says little-known company, American Bioscience, has received patent related to drug, which could keep Ivax's lower-cost drug off market for as long as two and a half years; Ivax executives had expected to gain approval from Food and Drug Administration this summer to sell generic version of drug, which is one of Bristol-Myers Squibb's top-selling drugs; Ivax officials say Bristol-Myers has created 'another scheme' to delay introduction of generic Taxol; Bristol-Myers has signed agreement with American Bioscience that gives Bristol-Myers option to obtain license to any drugs sold under new patent; Bristol-Myers denies that it is involved in a 'scheme' (M)
Ms. Hurt of AT&T said her company had chosen not to incur ''the cost of developing the technology to support'' such access.
So far, Apple Computer has been one of the few name-brand companies promoting Wi-Fi -- in Apple's case with a product called AirPort.
The game, available at Microsoft's game site, MSN Gaming Zone (zone.msn.com/speedway), is free and entertaining.
Suit Says Intel Bullied Clients
''The key question is whether the demand is there for their technology, and I.B.M.
''Verizon is putting the MCI board in a very awkward position, so I expect them to come within a week or so with a new bid,'' said Patrick Comack, an industry analyst at Zachary Investment Research.
AT&T has reviewed the three competing bids for its cable television business, the nation's largest, and found all of them inadequate.
A fledgling local cable television channel that has been serving up light features and entertainment tips to Cablevision subscribers since August has been revamped and will be carried on Time Warner Cable of New York beginning tomorrow, company officials said yesterday.
Mr. Spitzer collected volumes of material from Citigroup as part of his investigation into Mr. Grubman's research practices, documents that suggested that Citigroup brokers funneled an extensive list of hot offerings to Mr. Ebbers, Mr. Anschutz and others.
Indeed, AT&T and BellSouth consider themselves complementary partners because they compete very little for local phone and Internet customers, and they jointly own Cingular Wireless.
Interpublic will probably not be the last company to postpone the release of financial results now that the Securities and Exchange Commission is requiring chief executives and chief financial officers at the nation's largest companies to certify the accuracy of corporate filings, lawyers and analysts said yesterday.
Moreover, rather than sell more tickets through Priceline, the airlines chose to have their own fare sales in September, the company said.
The disputes date to the early 1990's, when Monsanto, a brash newcomer to the seed business, tried to interest the conservative Pioneer company in its still unproven genetically modified crops.
The package of penalties proposed by the states who have dissented from a settlement proposal between Microsoft and the Justice Department, he said, ''unduly restricts competition and will harm consumers.''
Over all, Wal-Mart is still expanding outside the United States, particularly in markets where it entered by acquiring a strong retailer.
High-volume eBay vendors known as power sellers who specialize in high-value items like rare coins or antique cars wave away the 1-cent deals as too cheap to be worthy of contemplation.
Then, Coca-Cola plants in Antwerp and Ghent were ordered closed.
Mr. Jobs declined to comment at length on the company's internal investigation of irregularities in the granting of Apple stock options since 1997.
I.B.M.
So did the failure of the Power PC microchip Motorola developed with I.B.M.
The album, a collection mostly consisting of unreleased early 60's material from Mr. Dylan's archives, will be available to all retailers on Aug. 30, the day the ''Gaslight'' album hits shelves at Starbucks.
All of that contributed to something of a hothouse environment inside Citigroup during that period.
One day before the commission, which is the executive arm of the 15-nation European Union, was expected to formally reject the merger, Boeing indicated a willingness to alter or drop its use of exclusive aircraft supply contracts with major American airlines, trade officials said.
In 18 months from now, in December 2005, Wal-Mart must decide whether to exercise an option to buy 54 percent, or majority control.
Shares of Oracle rose 12 cents, to $12.45.
Amazon gets a commission of about 10 percent on apparel sales, industry executives have said.
In a victory for United Parcel Service, the European Commission ruled today that the German postal service illegally used profits from its monopoly in delivering letters to subsidize its prices for business parcels and other packages.
Wal-Mart Stores vice chairman Thomas Coughlin announces his retirement, effective January 24, 2005; Coughlin will continue to serve on board; Wal-Mart USA stores president Mike Duke and Sam's Club chief executive Kevin Turner assume his duties (S)
And a strong showing in Venezuela followed Coke's coup last summer, when it induced Pepsico Inc.'s successful bottler there to defect to Coca-Cola; Mr. Goldman said that Venezuela accounted for about 2 percent of the 9 percent volume increase in Latin America.
Priceline Wants Your Bid, This Time for Phone Calls
But they will almost surely hold off, at least until they see what sanctions the courts approve against Microsoft -- sanctions that could, among other things, limit its ability to retaliate.
Amazon said yesterday that it was developing two programs that would begin some time next year.
THE cola wars are taking an unusual twist as the Pepsi-Cola Company division of PepsiCo introduces its first campaign in years meant to offer rational reasons to drink its flagship beverage rather than intangible emotional ones.
Automotive companies such as Ford Motor Company, their livelihood depends on customers believing in them and in their integrity and in their values, and I can't imagine a situation within the Ford Motor Company where we would really believe that our customers' safety is at issue and where we were deliberately concealing information.
But even with this additional hiring, Boeing's total number of employees will still fall well short of its peak of 165,787 in 1989.
Microsoft said that as of Thursday, 118 of the 170 consumer antitrust cases filed against it over the last three years were still pending.
The Eastman Kodak Company, which has long viewed its copier business as a liability, announced yesterday that it would sell most of its copier manufacturing operations to Heidelberger Druckmaschinen A.G. of Germany
Among the changes would be reducing a number of perks, like the use of Citigroup's corporate jets, that he was to receive if he completed the terms of his contract by staying on until the April 2006 annual meeting.
The upbeat report was welcome news for Edward Zander, Motorola's chief executive, who took over the company at the beginning of the year promising to revive its sluggish performance.
And the color orange will turn up in ads for what AT&T will call ''wireless service from AT&T''; the name AT&T Wireless will not be revived.
These days, any signs of unity, much less levity, inside the walls of Citigroup might understandably be met with skepticism.
Comcast, Mr. Moffett noted, has completed a string of smaller, safer deals since the Disney bid, including striking an agreement with Sony to create new cable channels using the combined Sony-MGM libraries.
Craig J. Mundie, Microsoft's vice president and chief technology officer, said in an interview here that the company was still developing the idea, but that both he and Mr. Gates believed that cellphones were a better way than laptops to bring computing to the masses in developing nations.
Microsoft announced yesterday that it would begin selling new versions of its Windows operating system that take full advantage of high-performance computers that run 64-bit processors.
''We must refocus every Union Pacific employee's attention on safety,'' Mr. Davis said.
Wireless products will now have their own group, as will optical networking, Internet switching and other staples of Cisco's product line.
Richard Belluzzo, who has been president and chief operating officer of Microsoft Corp for about one year, will step down in May and leave Microsoft in September; departure is part of reorganization that is intended to give heads of Microsoft's business divisions greater independence; chief executive Steven A Ballmer and Belluzzo comment (M)
Bank of America Corp dismisses Interpublic Group of Companies and shifts its consolidated advertising account, with total spending estimated at $600 million, to Omnicom Group; photo (M)
Federal Communications Commission approves Fox Television Holdings' acquisition of Chris-Craft, which owns ten television stations, giving Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation control of three major news media properties in New York: The New York Post, WNYW-TV and WWOR-TV; photo (M)
Privacy advocates who object to the Intel Corporation's plan to put identification numbers in its next generation of computer chips went to the Federal Trade Commission today to seek a recall of the Pentium III's.
Yahoo to Buy Ad Company in Bid to Compete With Google
''I don't picture stuff circling around my head,'' he said, though after being read an Amazon press release he conceded that might be possible.
Shareholders, who have been steadily dumping Xerox stock in the last 10 days, rushed to sell even more.
Oracle reported better-than-expected earnings on Monday because of new licenses for its software and increased corporate spending in the slightly stronger economy.
Apple Computer Inc. has not officially adopted the Walt Disney ditty ''It's a Small World'' as a corporate song.
Xerox researchers believe the technology will be useful for just about anyone with a job that requires research in the field.
Of all search referrals worldwide, 36.35 percent come from Yahoo while 31.87 percent are from Google.
In recent years Xerox has even introduced a few machines that were printers, scanners, copiers and faxes all rolled into one.
Industry Allies Seek to Limit Microsoft Drive Into New Fields
The changes that Microsoft agreed to make are intended to let consumers know which information about them is available to commercial Web sites and to make it simpler to restrict that data.
The campaign does not deliberately mention the marathon by name, largely because Nike is not an official sponsor.
He will continue on those boards after joining Interpublic.
The order, which Yahoo is fighting in Federal District Court in San Jose, Calif., raised questions involving international law and the problem governments face in trying to regulate the Internet.
''Microsoft has been bruised and bloodied in its antitrust fight with the government,'' said Adam Schoenfeld, an analyst at Jupiter Communications.
It went on to make Fox's parent company, the News Corporation, hundreds of millions of dollars.
In the Electronic Arts action game The Godfather, it is easy to become distracted from the game's central story, wandering off to rob a bank, buy a shady business or steal a rival mob's truck.
Nortel Networks Corp plans to announce alliance with Microsoft Corp that will make much of Nortel's networking code available to outside developers; Nortel also intends to announce price cuts of as much as 50 percent for many of data networking products that it has developed with Bay Networks Inc, which it acquired in 1998 (S)
is expected to be radically different from what it would have been as part of United Technologies.
But he said, ''these things come in waves,'' in addressing Intel's ability to win market share.
And Microsoft's fast-growing server business, Mr. Sherlund said, should be up sharply for the quarter.
The department stores named in the lawsuit include Federated Department Stores Inc., which owns Macy's, Bloomingdale's, and Bon Marche; the May Department Stores Company, which owns Lord & Taylor; the Dayton Hudson Corporation, which owns Marshall Fields; Dillard's Inc., and Nordstrom Inc.
On Tuesday, Paul S. Otellini, Intel's chief executive, sketched out a new plan to move the company forward on energy-saving computing, based on new multicore processors.
Ex-Officers Of Apple Await Suit
Chevrolet division of General Motors plans to introduce nine new models over 20 months, starting in January, setting up battle to overtake Ford as nation's top seller; Honda safety official says company had been redesigning its vehicles with aim of reducing injuries to passengers; drawings of new Chevrolet designs (M)
The United States pointed to decades of government-sanctioned anti-competitive behavior by Japanese companies, and cited reams of documents uncovered by Japanese-speaking investigators hired by Kodak that showed the Government tailoring its policies to block Kodak.
Science cited by General Mills includes an eight-page roster of research studies, which is listed on the National Dairy Council's Web site.
Still, Kevin O'Conner, an assistant attorney general for Wisconsin, who represented the states, declared that ''Microsoft has used virtually every tool of the monopolist's trade -- attempted collusion, exclusionary contracts, tying, predation -- in a coordinated scheme to eliminate threats to its monopoly.''
Because Mr. McDarby had diabetes, clogged arteries and formerly smoked, Christy Jones, a lawyer for Merck, argued that he might have suffered a heart attack even if he had never taken Vioxx.
Also yesterday, the company named Michael T. Masin, president of Verizon Communications, as chief operating officer of Citigroup.
Analysts also noted that a separate Wal-Mart strategy should improve the company's fortunes.
Yahoo Japan, a unit of the Softbank Corporation, reported yesterday that its earnings for the April-June period more than doubled to 1.1 billion yen while sales soared 84 percent, to 4.9 billion yen ($39.3 million), from the level a year earlier.
Richard Ji, an Internet analyst at Morgan Stanley, said MySpace China might use the News Corporation's content.
Indeed, much of the growth in the personal computer market has been in machines priced at less than $1,000, a market that Intel initially ignored, leaving two competitors, Advanced Micro Devices Inc. and the National Semiconductor Corporation, to supply chips for those machines.
Shares of Intel fell $1.06, to $29.13; it is scheduled to report its earnings on Tuesday.
Time Warner appears to be in no hurry to complete a deal.
Cisco, which makes makes much of the complex communications equipment that forms the synapses of cyberspace, has agreed to underwrite the Netaid project with assistance from KPMG, the consulting firm, and Akamai Technologies, an Internet communications company.
''I have no fear in my spirit at all of Wal-Mart.''
According to First Call/ Thompson Financial, which tracks analysts recommendations on stocks, 10 of the 11 analysts who follow Xerox have ''hold'' ratings on it -- generally, the worst rating a sell-side analyst will give.
Senior Executive at Morgan Stanley Will Remain With Firm
The Internet Engineering Task Force praised Microsoft.
A.T.& T. And 2 Unions Hold Talks
Apple expects the iBook to be popular with students, and the Airport wireless network can handle as many as 10 iBooks simultaneously through a single connection, making it ideal for classrooms.
In an e-mail message to employees on Tuesday, Steven Ballmer, Microsoft's president and chief executive, said that ''absolutely nothing in the current case justifies breaking us up.''
With its stock price low, Monsanto is considered a takeover target.
Apple's head of design, Jonathan Ive, described how the company had struggled to fit all of the components of the computer into the display case, while keeping fan noise minimal.
''Cisco chose Selectica on the strength of its technology,'' a Cisco spokesman said.
Pfizer Inc. and Gov.
Just as at the turn of the last century, most Wal-Mart critics say a crucial way to improve conditions is to change laws to make labor unions easier to organize.
''The royalties asked by Microsoft to market competing interoperable products are unjustified by any innovative value in the protocols and are entirely out of line with practice in the rest of the industry,'' the group's chairman, Simon Awde, said in a statement.
The other main version of Windows now sold by Microsoft, Windows Server 2003, has already been sold with the firewall fully enabled; users can disable it if they choose.
Other analysts say they believe that Google and MSN may simply follow Yahoo's lead and buy the niche search players.
BlackBerry maker Research in Motion is broadening its menu of instant-messaging options; new services for hand-held communications device include instant messaging offerings from Yahoo and America Online; Research in Motion also announces software deals with Sybase and High Tech Computer at CTIA Wireless show in New Orleans (S)
Photoshop also comes with Bridge, an all-new graphics-browsing program that bears an uncanny resemblance to, say, iPhoto from Apple.
During the deposition, taped over three days in August, Mr. Gates was confronted again and again by E-mail -- his own and messages sent to him by Microsoft executives.
An AT&T-Comcast alliance would combine the No.
said one AT&T executive, who spoke on the condition he not be identified.
Andy D. Bryant, Intel's chief financial officer, said competition and pricing pressure were among the company's biggest challenges during the quarter.
In June 1999, when Honeywell and Allied Signal first announced that they would merge, Mr. Bonsignore promised that the company would bail out of ancillary businesses, cut $250 million in costs and increase earnings 20 percent this year.
Executives of Time Warner Inc and America Online do not plan to offer any concessions to clear their proposed merger plans when they meet with regulators despite unusually sharp criticism from European antitrust regulators; companies will try to refute European arguments that merged company would harm competition because of its enormous size; European Commission has sent two companies statement of objections, arguing that merger in its current form would allow companies to dominate online distribution of entertainment and of music, in particular (M)
Profile of David W Thursfield, group vice president for international operations at Ford Motor Co and global purchasing chief; Ford, which lost $5.5 billion last year, concedes that its turnaround is behind schedule, and it increasingly appears to be Thursfield's job to change that; photo (M)
PeopleSoft's formal rejection of Oracle's bid of $16 a share in cash was not surprising because Craig Conway, PeopleSoft's chief executive, had called the offer ''diabolical'' last week, shortly after it was tendered.
Correction:  September 28, 2002, Saturday  An article in Business Day yesterday about executive turnover at the Walt Disney Company gave an outdated name for the baseball team in which the company has a controlling interest.
As bids for Adelphia's cable systems come due today, a joint bid from Time Warner and Comcast remains the one to beat.
Soccer, performance apparel and women's sports are areas where Nike will focus its marketing push in the coming year, said Chris Zimmerman, Nike's director of United States advertising.
and Google is becoming Microsoft.''
''We're talking about a combination of molecules that could have a great effect,'' said Dr. John L. LaMattina, the president of Pfizer's worldwide research and development division.
A chart in Business Day yesterday listing some provisions of the tentative labor contract between the Ford Motor Company and the United Automobile Workers union misstated the sources of the information.
Apparently, Corning missed him more.
''Deregulation is allowing a single supplier and pipe into the home to provide digital television, telephony and high-speed Internet access,'' said Hank Vigil, vice president for consumer strategy at Microsoft.
AMAZON TO OFFER DOWNLOADS
The document, an E-mail message to Microsoft's chairman, William H. Gates, Mr. Chase and others, was dated March 1990 and was written by Mike Slade, a Microsoft executive who had just returned from a meeting with the leaders of Intuit, manufacturers of Quicken, the popular accounting software.
The move against the two would be the first fruit of separate investigations into Apple's options practices by the commission and the Justice Department.
Most evidently different, Xbox 360, which Microsoft introduced last night in a 30-minute presentation on MTV, is designed to display games in wide-screen, high-definition format as well as in standard definition.
The Ford Motor Company replaced Firestone tires for owners of its Explorer sport utility vehicles in Saudi Arabia and Venezuela but did not tell American regulators.
Much of the nation might have taken little notice of Ms. Reno's remark, but for the troops of technologists who breathe life into machines, it suggests a revealing explanation for the landmark antitrust suit against Microsoft -- a suit that otherwise simply did not compute here.
The company also said that manufacturers could remove the browser from more recent versions, but Microsoft said that would cripple the Windows program.
Verizon and its largest union, Communications Workers of America, are dueling to get upper hand in unusual battle of newspaper ads and spot broadcast messages; Verizon and union, facing Aug 2 contract-negotiation deadline, pour more than $1 million into advertising in dozen northeastern cities, straining to win public sympathy and throw each other on defensive (M)
Every major automaker except Ford Motor reported sales increases in April; Ward's AutoInfoBank says over all, auto sales in US rose 2.9 percent in April from year earlier; Ford's sales fell 7.4 percent; sales by General Motors Corp rose 12.4 percent from year earlier; Chrysler, unit of DaimlerChrysler, had sales increase of 3 percent; Nissan Motor sales rose nearly 15 percent; US sales by Toyota Motor rose 0.3 percent, while sales by Honda Motor increased 1.1 percent; chart (M)
Given Imaging says Food and Drug Administration has approved use of new camera in pill as tool for diagnosing diseases of esophagus; combination camera and radio transmitter, called PillCam, is about size of large vitamin pill; Given says approval releases $10 million progress payment from Ethicon Endo-Surgery, Johnson & Johnson subsidiary that has rights to distribute and market PillCam everywhere except Japan (S)
That was the question on the minds of media buyers, who advise companies where to place their advertising dollars, after Ms. Couric announced yesterday that she would take the anchor seat at CBS in September.
Just as they fail to account for the measures that Microsoft took in the IAP channel, the goals of preventing free riding and preserving brand association fail to explain the full extent of Microsoft's actions in the ICP channel.
''We believe that the government's case is without basis in fact or in law, and we look forward to proving this in court,'' said Jim Finn, an Oracle spokesman.
In deciding to rebrand Cingular, AT&T is taking a third pass at the wireless company's identity.
Mattel expects total third-quarter revenue to fall by as much as 4 percent, to $1.81 billion, and profit to drop by between $129 million, or 30 cents a share, and $172 million, or 40 cents a share.
With Windows-powered mobile devices lagging behind the Palms and BlackBerrys of the world, the Microsoft Corporation has brought an electrical engineer from China -- a master of the strategy game Go -- to put them back in the race.
Analysts who attended the meeting said Campbell was probably doing the right thing.
(Hasbro Interactive, keyboard peripheral and CD-ROM for Windows 95 and 98, $39.95; for ages 3 and up.)
Sony and Universal Agree to Sell Their Songs on Yahoo
Microsoft said in a statement that ''Professor Fisher's testimony would give readers of his 1983 book whiplash.''
The transaction, which the board of News Corporation approved last night, would also make Mr. Murdoch's company an even more formidable media power in the United States.
Cisco Systems is expected to announce that it has entered into multibillion-dollar alliance with SBC Communications; executives at two companies say that SBC will be among largest buyers of Cisco's routers and switches that are used to build Internet's infrastructure; Cisco and SBC will co-market and co-sell their products and services; will also collaborate on joint research and product development (S)
But he stressed that the Stern family was a ''significant and growing'' client of Bank of America's corporate and investment bank.
''No software on the market is 100 percent secure to determined hackers,'' said Susan Altman Prescott, vice president for cross-media publishing at Adobe.
''A $35 million product doesn't get anyone's attention at Hasbro,'' Mr. McGowan said.
Maurice R Greenberg's lawyers say former titan of insurance industry at center of wide-ranging investigation into possible financial manipulation will not answer questions when he meets with regulators on Apr 12; say they have not had adequate time to prepare him and that regulators have denied requests to postpone his testimony; investigators said to be intensifying their focus on Greenberg, former chairman of American International Group; their scrutiny of Warren E Buffett, chairman of Berkshire Hathaway, appears to have diminished; Buffett reportedly told regulators he had scant knowledge of 2000 transaction between AIG and Berkshire subsidiary General Re that is at heart of probe because it enabled AIG to bolster its reserves artificially; photo (M)
Tonka sales were up 27 percent during the last quarter, thanks in part to new electronic versions of classic dump trucks, Hasbro officials said.
Mr. Brokaw said he did not know how much Wal-Mart paid to be a sponsor.
Oracle Chief Says He Remains Confident of a PeopleSoft Deal
Microsoft's optical mouse fit snugly in my hand and is designed to be used by both left-handed and right-handed typists.
What diminished the value of Lin shares still further, Wasserstein argued, is that if AT&T were not a buyer, the pool of possible alternate buyers was narrowed because one obvious group of buyers, the regional Bell companies, could not offer common stock in a deal for Lin.
National Council of Women's Organizations expresses disappointment over IBM's decision to continue sponsorship of Masters Tournament, despite NCWO's attempt to force Augusta National Golf Club to allow women members; Augusta National dropped corporate sponsors so that companies like IBM would not feel pressured to take side (M)
Indeed, at least two figures mentioned in those songs -- Edison and Gandhi -- have turned up in the Apple campaign.
For the women with Dow Corning implants, the settlement is a gamble.
The trademark in question, MSDW, is relatively new -- Morgan Stanley merged with Dean Witter in 1997 --  and not that famous, she said.
Adobe Systems earned $121.5 million in its second quarter; revenue rose 15 percent, to $344.1 million from $300.1 million in year-earlier quarter (S)
Last year, Yahoo's shares were valued so highly it could have bought its own media company in a share swap.
''It doesn't take an intricate deconstruction of what Steve Case and Gerald Levin said,'' Mr. Bagdikian said, referring to Monday's announcement by the chairmen of AOL and Time Warner.
Sandy Benett, an Apple executive who has run the Newton division for the last two years, will be chief operating officer of the new company.
Moving to create a strategic alliance against Microsoft, Sony Computer Entertainment and America Online plan to announce a new relationship on Tuesday aimed at blending the video game and online Internet experience.
American Express said yesterday that it had reached a deal to have its cards issued by MBNA, the country's second-largest credit card issuer, making its first foray into the Visa and MasterCard networks in the United States.
''We didn't know about the other opportunities for him, but we didn't care all that much,'' said Deirdre Bigley, vice president for worldwide advertising at the International Business Machines Corporation in Armonk, N.Y. ''He's appearing in very different types of advertising,'' she added, ''and each of us is making very different use of him.''
When Microsoft broke into the game console business in October 2001, with the first Xbox, there were only five games available, and two of them were made by Microsoft, said Anita Frazier, an analyst with NPD Funworld, a market research firm.
Joyti De-Laurey, former Goldman Sachs secretary in London, is found guilty there of embezzling at least $7 million from private accounts of E Scott Mead and other of her bosses in elaborate fraud in which she secretly wired blocks of money to bank accounts in Cyprus; contended that she was authorized to take money; judge refuses to grant her bail before sentencing hearing, calling her behavior despicable; trial drew attention on both sides of Atlantic for its details on De-Laurey's conspicuous consumption; De-Laurey's husband and mother are found guilty of money laundering; photo (M)
''This was sort of the four-and-a-half somersault off a 50-foot board into a pail of water,'' said James Womack, the author and champion of ''lean manufacturing,'' who has worked as a consultant to Boeing.
One of the most hotly contested technology battles of the coming decade will be over who controls the very large computer systems, now typically I.B.M.
The Campbell Soup Company announced yesterday that it had hired a new chief executive, fueling speculation that the largely family-owned company intended to overcome its troubles by rebuilding instead of seeking a sale.
One problem for Alza, he said, is determining how to manage the myriad of agreements it has with competitors of Johnson & Johnson.
Apple has sold nearly two million colorful iMac computers in the last 11 months, and it asserts that nearly half of those went to first-time computer buyers or people who were returning to the Mac after being seduced by cheaper but more complicated PC's based on the dominant Windows operating system.
But that arrangement is widely seen as having failed to keep Mr. Murdoch from shaping The Times's news pages as he sees fit.
Web and PC-based searching is a particularly thorny subject for Microsoft because the company's chairman, Bill Gates, first outlined the idea of ''information at your fingertips'' in a speech given at a computer industry trade show in 1990.
Wal-Mart declines to provide much data about the program, which began Sept. 22 in Tampa, Fla., and has quickly spread to more than 3,800 Wal-Mart and Sam's Club pharmacies in 49 states.
Still, some people in the business agree that it will be her ability to direct and deliver ''hard news'' about war, famine, the ups and downs of world leaders and the economy that will determine whether she is able to move CBS from its longtime spot in last place among the three network newscasts and to attract the younger viewers advertisers covet.
American Express Third-Quarter Earnings More Than Double
The 60-second commercial, which ran twice during the movie, is the start of an ambitious, multimillion-dollar effort to polish Apple's image, which has been bruised by serious setbacks in the personal computer market.
Cecil H. Green, a founder of Texas Instruments and a major educational and medical philanthropist, died on Friday in La Jolla, Calif.
Analysts said Expedia will pay Amazon some fees in return for sending it customers, but the effect on both companies' financial results is expected to be modest.
If a Halliburton deal would result in the claimants receiving the same amount of money they could expect from going to trial -- or from settling on the eve of trial -- then a deal made sense, Mr. Weitz said.
Apple Inc say it will delay introduction of Macintosh OSX operating system as much as four months due to quality issues; software was previously expected to ship this spring; analysts do not expect any long-term damage from delay (M)
Patricia Mears, deputy director of the museum at the Fashion Institute of Technology in Manhattan, said Nike's look may be more old-school than futuristic.
Asked whether consumers might benefit from the broader choice of prices and configurations they would have if computer makers could substitute Microsoft's programs for those of its competitors, Mr. Gates said that such products would ''get into the marketplace.''
Not only design but also technology sets Apple apart from the rest of the industry, with its Macintosh operating system and Power PC microprocessor offering ramparts against the onslaught of Microsoft's Windows and Intel's microchip, known as Wintel.
On his report yesterday, Mr. Dorfman said A.T.& T. lawyers had denied having made that projection.
The Northrop Grumman Corporation made a hostile $5.9 billion takeover bid for its rival, TRW Inc., late last night after TRW's board rejected its original unsolicited offer.
But Procter & Gamble has long spent far more than its competitors on research and development, said Charles F. Larson, the president of the Industrial Research Institute, a nonprofit group in Washington that represents large companies.
''Our primary concern with ConAgra remains that it competes in slower-growing categories and that its position in many categories remains less than advantageous.
Peter J. Hurtgen, director of the Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service, wrote to Boeing and union officials yesterday, asking them to meet with him Wednesday because he had ''determined that any job action threatens to cause a substantial disruption of commerce.''
''Microsoft may be trying to gain expertise in building a granular version of Windows ahead of the European ruling,'' he said.
Already, an aide to Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona, who has been the most vocal critic of the Boeing tanker deal, said that the senator was considering asking the Air Force to hold off on carrying out the contract to try to renegotiate a better price for the government.
and the Open Source Development Lab, whose membership includes Hewlett-Packard, Dell and Intel, are beginning a drive to promote Linux as an alternative to Windows on the desktop.
With today's filing, the Justice Department attached a partial transcript of a deposition in which Paul Meritz, the Microsoft vice president in charge of the Windows group, acknowledged that the company had recognized this problem months ago.
The climb was aided by Motorola's confirmation that it remained on course to meet its previous projections for the current quarter.
Still, the partnerships would require an upfront investment by retailers, to integrate the technology between the parties and these executives were not sure if Amazon would bring them a meaningful number of additional sales, or whether it would simply attract customers who would have gone directly to their online stores to shop.
Rolling Stone Editor and Adobe Executive Put $800,000 Into Salon Web Site
Shares of the Boots Company P.L.C., a British drug and beauty retailer, rose 3 percent, to 516 pence, on a report in The Independent on Sunday, a British newspaper, that the company may be purchased for $9 billion by Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the expansion-minded American retailing giant.
People close to Merrill and Morgan Stanley say the two securities firms are exploring ways of increasing the capital they have on hand to make loans.
$1.4 Billion Boeing Charge to Force First Yearly Loss Since '47
Now, Compaq, which was I.B.M.
Jeffrey Jones, president of the American Chamber of Commerce in Korea, called on the committee of creditors running the bankrupt Daewoo Motor to simply hand General Motors the keys.
In announcing the I.B.M.
Also, more than 40 percent of the ads in the campaign are being devoted to information about what Merck calls its access programs, which are efforts to provide some consumers with prescription drugs either free or at reduced prices.
Verizon said last week that it had struck a deal with DirecTV, but the company would not disclose details.
For the year, AT&T said, its revenue climbed about 6 percent, to $79.61 billion.
He said that as a result of its decision to license clones, Apple was much more aggressive than it had been, and that he expected Apple to soon increase its direct-marketing business.
Semiconductor business cycles are nothing new for Motorola.
When the "Baby Bells" were created by the breakup of A.T.& T., Southwestern Bell won few friends on Wall Street by saying that it planned to stick to its knitting.
The co-founders of Home Depot, Arthur M. Blank and Bernard Marcus, grew very rich on company stock that soared in value.
Investment banks like Morgan Stanley are hiring Indians to analyze American stocks, jobs that commonly pay six-figure salaries on Wall Street.
Patricia Matson, the senior vice president of communications for ABC called the speculative $1 increase ''another bogus Time Warner figure.''
AT&T's Internet plans, word of which began to circulate on Monday, have taken a toll on the stocks of other on-line companies and Internet-access providers, which do not have the resources or the huge customer base to allow them to easily match AT&T's offer.
But other big banks, like the Bank of America, have had longstanding success with their branch networks and are committed to staying the course.
Corning's management committed many errors.
Motorola said that the job reductions, associated plant closings in semiconductors and paging operations, and plans to sell poorly performing businesses should eventually save $750 million annually.
Microsoft Corp files legal brief with Supreme Court arguing that government's antitrust case is unsuitable for direct appeal to the court because it is complex and because Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson made serious and substantive procedural errors at trial; says appeal should go first to federal appeals court in Washington, which ruled in favor of company in related case; company's argument rests heavily on scathing attack on work of Judge Jackson, questioning his impartiality and even-handedness of his decision in general (M)
Influencing that presentation may be at the heart of the effort, although Ms. Williams said there was ''no hidden agenda here'' and added that it probably would have been done even if Wal-Mart had not come under scrutiny.
But some cable and media moguls are discussing the concept of forming an alliance among Liberty, USA Networks and Charter Communications, the cable company controlled by Paul Allen, to make a joint offer for AT&T's operations.
In expectation of a new round of court hearings, Microsoft and the Bush administration announced some modest changes today in the proposed settlement of the government's antitrust case.
But the new I.B.M.
The Eastman Kodak Company will buy the Imation Corporation's medical imaging business for $520 million in cash, the companies announced yesterday.
Alaska Airlines has allowed mechanics to perform work for which they were not qualified, skipped maintenance on test equipment and failed to tell pilots when equipment was inoperable, the Federal Aviation Administration said today.
Most of its products go into big-name brands all over the world, including I.B.M., Motorola and Toshiba.
Just as shareholders are poised to vote on Northrop Grumman's $7 billion bid for TRW Inc., the deal has taken an unexpected twist.
Microsoft's inclusion of its own Web browser in the previous version of Windows, Windows 95, is already the subject of Federal antitrust litigation.
accused Intel of unfair pricing and rebates, and of coercing customers to prevent them from using A.M.D.
''It confirms our view that the PC market is growing but at somewhat less than the seasonal norm,'' said Mark Edelstone, semiconductor analyst at Morgan Stanley.
At AT&T, Nerves on Edge but Few Signs of Gloom
In an interview last week with Chris Oakes, for The International Herald Tribune, Mr. Morales, who will be based in Munich, discussed issues that face Intel in Europe, including the impact of wireless technologies like third-generation, or 3G, cellular networks and the 802.11 format known as Wi-Fi.
In an apparent setback for Merck, a federal judge in Houston declared a mistrial yesterday in Plunkett v. Merck, the third Vioxx lawsuit to reach trial, after jurors said they were hopelessly deadlocked.
No one in the phone industry is surprised that MCI wanted to cut the access payments that it makes to local phone companies like SBC Communications, Verizon and BellSouth to complete its customers' calls.
While Comcast's offer was similar to AOL's in that AT&T's shareholders would own a majority of the combined company, Comcast would have retained control of the management.
All the ads, not surprisingly, feature the Target bull's-eye logo in one way or another, like a giant game of ring toss with the Target targets circling a skyscraper.
It wasn't too long ago that the sleek and expansive test kitchens at ConAgra Foods were little more than decoration.
The European Commission ended its inquiry Tuesday into the joint acquisition by Microsoft and Time Warner of ContentGuard, an antipiracy software company, after a third buyer joined the purchasing group.
In recent weeks, Microsoft rivals urged the Justice Department to include such sanctions in any settlement deal.
's approval has been expected since mid-July, when the commission's staff and Time Warner signed an agreement after protracted negotiations that changed some of the original merger terms.
Since 1993, he has been at Morgan Stanley and has played a crucial role in the firm's deal making.
Time Warner accused Disney of blackmail for threatening to pull its ABC signal if Time Warner did not meet its demands.
But even a few of the company's white-collar workers, in an internal message board, recently expressed discomfort with Ford Motor's role in the defeat of a proposal backed by Senators John Kerry and John McCain to raise fuel economy standards 50 percent by the 2015 model year.
The ads represent many firsts for Xerox.
Con Edison was ordered to pay 34 percent of the award, and KeySpan to pay 25 percent, with other companies splitting the rest.
Federal government and states, partners in antitrust suit against Microsoft, expected to file joint proposal on remedies in case and back plan to break Microsoft into two companies; joint proposal had been in doubt before elements were included that state officials proposed to strengthen interim restrictions on Microsoft's conduct; Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson set Apr 28 as deadline for filing proposal; state officials say remarks by leaders of Microsoft helped harden opinions among some attorneys general and rally support around plan for breakup; cite William H Gates's recent interview, in which he claims Microsoft did 'absolutely nothing wrong,' even after Judge Jackson had called some Microsoft conduct 'predatory' and illegal in his ruling (M)
As General Electric and European regulators enter a final round of meetings over the proposed acquisition of Honeywell International, the chief obstacle to approval of the deal appears to be G.E.
''It's really part of a Pfizer-wide attempt to gain deeper understanding of consumers,'' said Dorothy Wetzel, vice president for the consumer marketing group at Pfizer.
clashes with Microsoft not least because I.B.M.
But despite rumors of deals, which have included talk of Nextel Communications being acquired by AT&T Wireless, and Verizon Wireless taking over Sprint PCS, the most probable acquirers do not seem to be much in the buying mood just now.
Wells Fargo And Norwest Plan Merger
Adrianne Shapira, a retail analyst at Goldman Sachs who tracks Wal-Mart, cautioned that, whatever the reasons for the new program, the pace of change at the company carried its own hazards.
The case drew the attention of President Vladimir V. Putin, who called the case ''utter nonsense,'' and the former Soviet leader Mikhail S. Gorbachev, who wrote a letter to Microsoft's founder, Bill Gates, asking the company to drop the charges.
Perry Weitz, a New York plaintiffs' lawyer, said the agreements with the two companies were not yet in final form, although the Halliburton deal was further along.
Big drug makers like Pfizer and Merck, which could benefit politically and financially from the employer drug programs, are also supporting the effort.
guidelines are ABC, CBS, NBC, the Fox network, Time Warner Inc., which includes CNN, the Tribune Company and Clear Channel Communications Inc., the owner of 183 radio stations and 18 television stations.
The prevailing logic among Microsoft's employees holds that only rank ignorance could explain the Justice Department's attempt to block something so logical, so beneficial to consumers as blending an Internet browser with an operating system.
Mr. Nordstrom recalled asking his colleagues after visiting Starbucks and Pottery Barn stores.
The new Boeing 737-900 in which the technologies are being tested has most of its interior filled with computers and screens.
In a brief, one-sentence statement, the bank responded: ''The CNBC report that Sandy Weill is leaving as chairman of Citigroup is wrong.''
General Electric has offered to rope off its aircraft lessor from GE Capital, the financing company that is its immediate parent, and to keep it at arms length from Honeywell's products.
Only then can Microsoft file its appeal.
The move is not particularly surprising, analysts said, given the disappointing financial results that the company reported last month and some recent statements made by I.B.M.
(Motorola says that an update later this year will accommodate other e-mail programs.)
''He has presented this compensation package for a more than $800 million loss and I hope Apple shareholders take that into account,'' said one shareholder in a statement from the floor.
Last year, Allstate issued $5 billion in hurricane-related payouts, the company said.
Halliburton Credit Rating Is Cut, Again on Worry About Asbestos
Intel is in the bandwidth business, with various networking products, but not nearly to the extent that it is in the processing power business.
Gates Helped Draft Microsoft's Response to Judge
In its lawsuit, Digital charged Intel with infringing on Digital patents in the design of some of its Pentium chips.
When SBC Communications bought AT&T last year, SBC promptly took the AT&T name.
Investors just seem to believe United Technologies, though -- its stock has held firm, even inched up steadily, despite the recent market turbulence, while Honeywell's has taken a beating in the last few months.
Apple shares rose $1.22, to close at $51.59, before its financial report was released, only to drop 10.5 percent after hours, to $46.18 -- despite the company's emphasis on what Steven P. Jobs, the chief executive, called ''the best year in Apple's history.''
But it does illustrate the challenges that Pfizer faces as it seeks to expand Lipitor's already enormous sales.
Morgan Stanley lawyers said in court documents that when they first met Mr. Luethke last summer, they thought of him as a good Samaritan, adding that the firm paid him $10,000 as a ''reward'' for thwarting a crime.
Instead, his agency, with the help of a retired I.B.M.
I.B.M.
NBC, part of the General Electric Company, said yesterday that it would become the first of the four biggest broadcast networks to accept commercials for distilled spirits, so-called hard liquor, since liquor marketers lifted a voluntary ban against such spots in 1996.
A.T.& T. announced a new service yesterday that is intended to link the computers and telephones operated in different countries by large multinational organizations.
Fox and CBS both rejected the commercial.
McCann won two awards, one for A.T.& T. advertising and the other for advertising for the Safeway supermarket chain.
Omnicom Group names Matthew Seiler to oversee work produced by all of its agencies and divisions for PepsiCo (S)
When asked in an interview last April if he would ever consider retiring from the CBS News program ''60 Minutes,'' Mike Wallace said that he planned to do so only ''when my toes turn up.''
The I.B.M.
''The commission is trying to make it as easy as possible for Microsoft to offer a solution,'' the person close to the antitrust regulator said.
Mr. Weill dismissed Mr. Mayo's view yesterday, saying he did not think those matters would significantly cut into Citigroup's earnings.
Barnes & Nobles Inc, faced with likely challenge from Federal antitrust officials, abandons its plans to acquire Ingram Book Group; Barnes & Noble says it decided to scrap deal and embark on new course of expanding its distribution networks in other ways, rather than face uncertainty of months or even years of legal wrangling in such fast-changing industry; decision is viewed as major coup for Amazon.com, leading Internet bookseller, and smaller bookstores that have waged aggressive campaign to kill transaction; Barnes & Moble chief executive Leonard Riggio comments (M)
Not only is Interpublic still ''not able to announce a date'' for reporting last year's results, but it will also have to postpone the release of financial data for the first quarter of 2005, the company said in a regulatory statement after the stock market closed.
Merck said patients in the United States wanting a refund for unused Vioxx may return the unused drug in its original pharmacy packaging by regular mail to NNC Group, Merck Returns, 2670 Executive Drive, Indianapolis, IN 46241, along with their name, address and phone number and the receipt from the pharmacy.
THE MARKETS: Market Place; Citigroup Goes to the Well Again on Travelers Unit
In fact, Kodak's problems may be more macro than micro.
Focus, a unit of Omnicom Group, formerly known as Focus GTE, is awarded three accounts with combined billings estimated at $60 million; Qwest Communications names Focus first agency to handle its account; Pagenet names Focus to introduce its Voice Now pagaing system and Prevue Networks names agency to handle reintroduction of its television listings network (S)
Microsoft's own server software works better with Windows on PC's than rivals' server systems do, the commission found.
For the Brooklyn store, which measures about 62,000 square feet, Home Depot took over an empty Pergament hardware store in the Mill Basin section.
A week after Mr. Ballmer left Brussels last year, the commission issued its ruling and fined Microsoft the equivalent of about $600 million.
Last year, Hynix slipped into third place, behind Samsung Electronics and Micron Technology, in production of memory chips, the high-volume, low-margin end of the semiconductor business.
''We're coming together at a time when both companies have great momentum,'' the chief of Intel, Paul S. Otellini, said.
Microsoft Plans to Introduce Smarter 'Personal Objects'
Prince has begun to contemplate more concrete measures to assure a richer return on Citigroup's capital and revive its flagging share price.
US investment firms Morgan Stanley Dean Witter and Goldman Sachs are leading group of investors providing $43 million in seed capital to eAccess Ltd, new company that plans to offer Japanese consumers asymmetric digital subscriber line technology a faster, cheaper way to pull data off Internet; company, founded by Sachio Semmoto and Eric Gan, intends to expand its business to become Internet protocol service provider (S)
Sau Wong's company, Smart Ideas, registered www.msdwonline.com in May, several weeks before Morgan Stanley officials settled on a new name for their on-line brokerage.
Two inventors working for the Eastman Kodak Company have patented a boxlike picture viewer with a built-in recording and playback device.
Correction:  February 2, 1999, Tuesday  An article in Business Day on Jan. 27 about the Coca-Cola Company's fourth-quarter earnings misstated the worldwide percentage increase in its soft-drink sales by volume last year.
Like the other Baby Bells, Verizon was the product of a series of mergers that began in the 1990's.
But now, with the Wintel market increasingly the same regardless of brand, Apple has repositioned itself in the PC market through ease of use and appealing industrial design.
Looking ahead, Peter Oppenheimer, Apple's chief financial officer, said the company expected revenue of about $2.1 billion in its fourth quarter and earnings of 16 to 17 cents a share.
He previously predicted at investor conferences that CBS could gain 50 cents a subscriber from these agreements.
The payment is at the center of a complex situation that began in April 1998, when Morgan Stanley dismissed Mr. Curry, a Columbia University graduate who at the time was employed as an analyst in the firm's real estate finance division.
Boeing Chairman Offers 'Exuberance and Dynamism'
Shares of Goldman Sachs rose 7 cents, to $110.04.
Heidi G. Miller, one of the most powerful women in corporate America, is quitting her job as chief financial officer at Citigroup to join Priceline.com, a two-year-old  company that sells discounted airline tickets, hotel rooms and other products over the Internet.
Growing sense of crisis in Russian economy helps push US stock markets lower; Russia's stock market falls 6.5 percent; central bank steps in to protect ruble and banking system, but Moody's Investors Service and Standard & Poor's downgrade Russia's foreign debt, which already has been ranked as 'junk'; Dow Jones industrial average closes at 8,459.50, down 93.46 points, or 1.1 percent; Standard & Poor's 500-stock index falls 9.31 points, to 1,074.91, and Nasdaq composite index loses 22.99 points, closing at 1,802.54, a 1.3 percent decline; graph on fluctuations of Dow Jones industrial average; chart (M)
''A lot of communities are concerned about how Wal-Mart treats its workers,'' Mr. Blank said.
In part, Procter & Gamble's sales have been hurt by the weak euro and other currency problems.
While we regret that this decision did not favor us, General Motors remains a valued client and business partner.''
Apple Computer Inc announces that it will spin off its Newton hand-held computer division into a wholly owned subsidiary, presumably to better attract a buyer for it; Apple executives say move allows Apple to concentrate on its core computer business (M)
The on-line service, first announced by Intel in April, is the company's entry in the fast-growing market for so-called Web hosting.
Digital vandals -- those who write worms, viruses and other rogue programs -- eagerly download the patch and reverse-engineer, taking it apart to search for clues on how to exploit the very Microsoft security hole the patch was meant to cover.
Lawyers in Bias Suit Assert Coca-Cola Shredded Files
After rising $2.125, to $79.0625 -- within pennies of its high -- in regular Nasdaq trading, Apple dropped quickly to $69.875 after the warning was issued.
A Microsoft spokesman acknowledged last week that the propaganda plan had been discussed, but he said no action had been taken on it.
Only in recent years, after a series of divestitures and spinoffs, has General Mills sharpened its focus on cereal, bakery items and yogurt.
This proposal, together with the punitive measures that Microsoft inflicted on Netscape when it rebuffed the overture, illuminates the context in which Microsoft's subsequent behavior toward PC manufacturers (''OEM's''), Internet access providers (''IAP's''), and other firms must be viewed.
2 Companies File Suit Against AT&T
A spokeswoman for Wal-Mart, Beth Keck, disputed Norway's allegations, saying they were based on inaccurate and outdated information.
''We can understand that people don't want to lose their supermarket,'' said Todd Andrews, a CVS spokesman.
Mr. Stickler, the spokesman for Bank of America, disagreed with the recommendation.
But supremacy in the digital movie business could prove elusive for Wal-Mart, a company that is used to being the No.
This simple example pits Kodak's $200 all-in-one, the 5300, against H.P.
Johnson & Johnson, the drug and consumer products company, said last night that some of its foreign units might have made improper payments related to the sale of medical devices in two ''small-market countries.''
Microsoft's main competitor in this area is RealNetworks.
While the settlement proposed yesterday would not affect the Louisiana case, it would forever remove Dow Corning from the implant litigation threat.
DuPont marketers understood the promise of women as consumers.
Adding to the problem, Nike requires retailers to order shoes five months before delivery.
The plaintiffs charge, in essence, that Microsoft has waged an unlawful campaign in defense of its monopoly position in the market for operating systems designed to run on Intel-compatible personal computers (''PC's'').
Business customers are expected to benefit first from the new Microsoft programs because software applications have already been written that exploit the new functions.
Technology column claims Apple Computer Co's opening-day performance at recent Macworld exposition in San Francisco was a disjointed disappointment, indicating that Apple remains a company in chaos; says Apple's emphasis on glitz rather than progress and its lack of discernable marketing message have plagued company over last year; drawing (M)
Biogen made $32 million in net income last year on revenue of $149 million.
Two years later, on July 14, 1993, the agency wrote to Andrew S. Grove, Intel's chairman, saying that the trade commission was dropping its long investigation of supposed ''unlawful tying or exclusive dealing practices or other unfair methods of competition.''
But General Electric, which traces its origins to Edison, said that could change.
General Motors Corp, faced with its worst financial outlook in years, wants union workers to accept same health benefit cuts already taken by white-collar workers; Gary Cowger, head of North American operations, says across-the-board competitive health care plan for salaried and hourly employees could save company billions of dollars a year, speech at New York International Auto Show; United Auto Workers union concession before union contract expires in 2007 would be unprecedented and difficult to sell in union leaders and rank-and-file members; idea would still be difficult to sell in 2007, since concessions would essentially end generous health benefits that have made jobs at Big Three automakers among most sought-after blue-collar work in America; GM and union leaders are scheduled to meet in April to discuss range of issues facing company; vice president Robert A Lutz comments on steps being taken to improve financial outlook; photo (M)
One document made public in a whistle-blower lawsuit against Warner-Lambert describes how Proworx, a company owned by the ad giant Omnicom, offered to help write journal articles about using Neurontin to treat pain.
Purchases on the cards would be routed through American Express, while MBNA would market and manage the cards and own any balances.
Motorola's phone network equipment business also suffered declining sales and orders, but it managed to stay profitable with earnings of $54 million.
Advertising column describes Intel Corp's Super Bowl television advertising campaign, developed by Havas Advertising, to promote new version of popular Pentium chip, introduced on January 8 (M)
Yet the proposed settlement with the Justice Department and nine states does include a provision requiring Microsoft to disclose more technical information to software rivals.
Morgan Stanley's underwriting business is in many ways the cream of its franchise -- along with its mergers and acquisitions division.
The two companies joined forces, and Procter & Gamble worked on a new formula while Whirlpool designed a nozzle that would distribute the chemical evenly over clothes.
Although Home Mart has more stores, Home Depot was already Mexico's largest home improvement retailer before the acquisition because its stores are larger.
''We support the idea of a clinical trial registry,'' Janet Skidmore, a Merck spokeswoman, said yesterday.
As calculated by American Express, the average round-trip fare paid by business travelers in April was $600, up 1 percent from March and up 5 percent from April 1998.
Yahoo's Profit Surges, but Its Stock Falls
The company said it continued to develop technology that increases the advertising revenue it earns from each search, while Yahoo said its already delayed effort to build such technology would be another three months late.
Intel has been pushing Advanced Micro into a pricing war.
Mike Stagliano, a striking technician who was part of a group of rain-soaked men shouting ''scab'' at employees entering a Verizon building at 140 West Street in Manhattan yesterday, said he was willing to endure  a few hundred dollars each week instead of his regular weekly income  of $1,110.
The same discretion is used in complaints about Yahoo auctions.
Calls for boycotts of Adobe products have sprung up across the Web.
Boeing Co wins approval European Commission approval for merger with McDonnell Douglas Corp, averting trade war between European Union and United States; agrees not to enforce exclusive-supplier provisions of pacts with three United States airlines; dispute involved major display of power by European Competition Minister, Karel van Miert, and clear sign that European leaders seek to impose their will on global companies regardless of territorial boundaries; experts say increasing economic globalization makes more such disputes inevitable; graphs (M)
At Corning's headquarters, where glass sculptures abound on every floor, employees have other concerns -- to wit, can their new leader ever fill Jaime Houghton's shoes?
The research so far shows that many surfers use several search services, even though Yahoo is the one that is used most often by the most people.
Current and Former Xerox Employees File Bias Charges
Other companies are expected to pay close attention to the new venture to see how it fares, said John Keogh, president of National Union Fire Insurance of Pittsburgh, a subsidiary of the American International Group, the big insurer.
Prudential Financial, a big life insurer, is in negotiations to buy the retirement and investment unit of the Cigna Corporation, a leader in health insurance, for $2 billion, executives close to the talks said yesterday.
The sizable financial effect of that delay is precisely the kind of trouble Electronic Arts avoids by putting out sequels.
Nearly two-thirds of respondents named Cisco the most recognizable brand, compared with the runner-up, 3Com, which was chosen as most recognizable by slightly less than one-fifth of those surveyed.
Microsoft said Wednesday that it would announce a new desktop search tool before the end of the year.
Still, few analysts want the Danka agreement to be a model, in part because Kodak is still manufacturing copiers and printers.
Intel is hoping that broad deployment of the WiMax standard will allow it to repeat the success it has had selling its Centrino microprocessor chip, which uses Wi-Fi, or 802.11 technology.
Microsoft and USO have developed projects that are changing modes of communication between military personnel and their families and friends; Operation: Live Connections allows online gaming; America Online, Hewlett-Packard and VIDISolutions have developed VIDITalk, which sends video messages; photos (M)
Two top executives hired about a year ago to help overhaul marketing at Wal-Mart Stores have stepped down from their posts, the company said yesterday.
While sports sponsorships have been part of the culture forever, and Bank of America already sponsors nine individual baseball teams, the company decided for several reasons to step up its efforts.
United Airlines, struggling to reorganize after two years in bankruptcy protection, reaches tentative agreement with Air Line Pilots Association on additional wage and benefit concessions; United had asked pilots for $191.1 million in cuts; court documents show Southwest Airlines will take 35 percent stake in ATA Airlines, another carrier under bankruptcy protection, if its bid for some of ATA's assets is successful (M)
As a part of Citigroup, Travelers has been greatly overshadowed by its parent.
Boeing has been struggling to right itself since last fall, when a surge in commercial airplane orders overwhelmed its assembly lines.
*Microsoft's reach in computing has become so pervasive that nearly every year now, Silicon Valley's top venture capitalists meet privately with a team of top Microsoft executives to learn about the company's plans.
Starbucks, started in the early 1970's in Seattle's Pike Place Market, last month reported the most profitable quarter in its history, selling more than a $1 billion of lattes and other coffee confections.
So, the Dragons moved from Des Moines, where they were known as the Iowa Barnstormers (Kurt Warner honed his quick release there), to Long Island, and the Phantoms left Hartford, where they were the New England Sea Wolves, for Toronto.
INTEL SAYS INVESTIGATION DROPPED
That quarterly dividend, now 20 cents a share, also helped reassure investors that CBS was not going to make expensive acquisitions that would dilute earnings, Mr. Bilotti said.
When asked whether he thought he personally would prevail in the face of the unsolicited bid from Comcast, Mr. Eisner said: ''I am confident, in the end of this, I will still have three great children, a great wife and the Disney company will prevail.
Java was created by Sun Microsystems, but I.B.M.
He wants Boeing to be ready with aircraft to maintain its industry-leading position (Boeing just reported that it ended 1996 with 559 orders for jets, worth $42.8 billion, giving it about two-thirds of all orders worldwide).
Securities and Exchange Commission investigation into Dutch grocer Royal Ahold appears to broaden when General Mills, H J Heinz and Kraft Foods say they have been contacted by regulators about their dealings with Ahold's distribution business US Foodservice; Royal Ahold said in February that it overstated earnings by $500 million for last two years because of accounting problems connected to payments made to distribution operation (M)
Executives regaled reporters with the prospect of CNN's cashing in on America Online's 22 million subscribers and America Online cashing in on CNN's ''global brand,'' with Time Warner's enhanced ability to deliver saleable music online and America Online's ability to carry movies and other features concocted by Time Warner.
Last spring Microsoft, International Business Machines, Sun Microsystems, Compaq and  America Online (and through it, Netscape) joined with MasterCard, Visa and American Express as well as several smaller companies to come up with what is now stuck with a horrible name: Electronic Commerce Modeling Language.
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg figured out a way yesterday to turn bad news, like Citigroup's decision to move 1,900 jobs out of Lower Manhattan, into a ray of economic sunshine.
Frustrated by Gemstar's plummeting stock price, the News Corporation has been trying for months to oust Mr. Yuen, the company's founder, and Ms. Leung, a close associate.
assignments, with spending estimated at $50 million to $100 million, are being transferred to a WPP sibling, OgilvyOne in New York, which already handles direct marketing tasks for the I.B.M.
American International Group chief executive Maurice R Greenberg shrugs off fourth-quarter loss brought on by huge one-time increase in reserves and says his company is well on its way to big profits in 2003; company reports loss of $103.8 million in quarter; earned $5.5 billion for 2002, up 2.9 percent from 2001 (M)
Microsoft is now organized around different product areas.
The Comcast shareholders, dominated by the Roberts family, would hold the rest.
Over the last month the commission has consulted software specialists to see if Microsoft's proposals will address the competition problems they were intended to solve.
For the first three months of the year, AT&T said, it lost $366 million, or 10 cents a share, in contrast to earnings of $1.74 billion, or 54 cents a share in the period a year earlier.
Jurors still have to consider possible additional punitive damages, and the bigger the total, the more likely Morgan Stanley will try to force Kirkland & Ellis to help pay the bill.
Earlier, I.B.M.
Within I.B.M., Mr. Cocke's eccentric ways were legend, especially his periodic disregard for paychecks and stock certificates.
Microsoft has offered to provide a simplified, discounted version of Windows for the program.
Nathaniel T Heatwole, 20-year-old college student, is charged with breaching airport security after having alerted authorities that he hid box cutters, bleach and matches on two Southwest Airlines planes; FBI says Heatwole claims he tucked items in Ziploc bags and hid them under restroom sinks of two planes as test of airport security; they were reportedly undetected even after he sent e-mail messages to Transportation Security Adm telling them what he had done; FBI says his messages told of six security lapses from Feb to Sept, 2003; photo (M)
Whirlpool has several new technologies in development, including Internet-enabled appliances, but they are extensions of existing products.
Given Mr. Welch's own experience in taking over General Electric from Reginald Jones, and his own appreciation for the way his predecessor very clearly moved aside, many think that Mr. Welch will not prove much of a distraction.
Investors said yesterday that they did not think the spinoff had any connection to Mr. Malone's efforts to swap News Corporation shares for News Corporation assets.
By commercializing a flexible high-performance storage technology known as RAID (redundant array of independent disks), EMC grabbed the top spot in the lucrative market for large external storage systems away from I.B.M.
Verizon declined to discuss its plans.
ChevronTexaco to Stop Sponsoring Met's Broadcasts
Samuel M. Reeves, the Wal-Mart associate general counsel in charge of increasing diversity in its outside counsel, came to that realization at a panel in Philadelphia he attended last year, when a black partner at a law firm said that he knew of women and minority partners and associates with not enough work to do.
New Judge Is Sought  SAN FRANCISCO, April 2 (Bloomberg News) -- Microsoft is seeking to have Sun Microsystems's antitrust case taken out of the hands of a federal judge who gave Sun several victories in an earlier contract dispute.
For Campbell, which has struggled to generate earnings growth on its own, the deal will bring significant expansion in Europe, including factories in Britain, the Netherlands, Ireland, France and Sweden that employ about 1,300 workers.
Although an impressive technical achievement, Intel's arrival at two gigahertz raises questions about whether that additional speed is necessary for current  computing applications.
But a Comcast executive noted that the company did not look at those holdings as part of its long-term strategy and assumed the more optimistic debt levels.
That could mean proving that Intel's behavior drove its rivals into extinction.
Wal-Mart began a very similar pilot program last October and fully started it in June through Walmart.com.
In a bid to secure European regulatory approval of its $2.3 billion acquisition of the Finnish medical devices maker Instrumentarium, the General Electric Company has offered to sell Spacelabs, a recently acquired unit of the Finnish company, people close to the review said today.
The additional costs of identifying and treating depression, Aetna said, can in many cases be more than offset in avoiding the larger financial costs associated with the disease -- and the higher medical expenses that often arise when other chronic conditions, like diabetes and heart disease, are compounded by depression.
Microsoft's relationship with Mexico has deepened since last July, when the company's chairman, Bill Gates, met with President Vincente Fox at a conference in Sun Valley, Idaho.
Google's news service is bound to become another issue in its stormy relationship with the portals, especially Yahoo, that use its search service.
They said it also reflected Amgen's need to fill in its pipeline of potential products.
If AT&T builds an attractive and inexpensive portal to the Internet, will its customers follow?
On a quarterly comparison, Morgan Stanley's asset management business also had lackluster results.
Bankrupt NextWave Telecom reaches accord to pay Verizon Wireless over $100 million and AT&T Wireless about $25 million to speed settlement in which it would emerge with some $5 billion from resale of licenses to provide wireless service and government would get about $11 billion; Verizon, which acquired most of licenses in January, and AT&T have reportedly been pressing NextWave to settle; federal court has ruled that Federal Communications Commission improperly seized and resold licenses after NextWave defaulted on payments (M)
A Netflix spokesman said the problem was known, but occurred only rarely.)
''Amazon is a valuable partner,'' he said, ''and we link to Amazon so people can buy books they've found with Google Print.
One case involved the theft of proprietary data from a rival, the Lockheed Martin Corporation.
Apple's rivals have had plenty of time to study the iPod, figure out what makes it such a hit and offer reasonable competition.
In November, A.T.& T. announced a tentative agreement to acquire the stake in McCaw, with an option to acquire control at a later date.
Shares of software maker Citrix Systems Inc fall to five-year low after company says its profit for year will not meet expectations because of weakening demand for its products; shares drop 92 cents, or nearly 16 percent, to $5; graph (S)
Securities and Exchange Commission is expected to examine role of Dow Jones director David K P Li in possible leak to Hong Kong couple suspected of insider trading; couple was accused of profiting from 'highly suspicious' trading of Dow Jones stock shortly before news of News Corporation's takeover offer; purchased 415,000 shares in mid-April, making $8.2 million after stock rose 58 percent on news of $5 billion offer (M)
Until the Microsoft case got serious, the only thought the average American had about a Web browser was how fast it could find his stock portfolio to see how well he was doing.
''Returning videos is a pain,'' said Mia McCroskey, a Netflix user who works for a subsidiary of the New York Stock Exchange.
''Any material upside in the stock'' from the management reorganization, Mr. Stauff wrote, ''may be limited given the task at hand to get Interpublic back on track.''
Lawrence J. Ellison, chief executive of Oracle, has consistently argued that the market for business enterprise software is highly competitive, with hundreds of companies taking part.
Bank of America fell 13 cents, to $44.53.
''If they could find a way to deal with that problem, then the theory was the asbestos claimants would be compensated and the Halliburton shareholders would be able to enjoy the value of their equity.''
Analysis of Federal Trade Commission's approval of Time Warner Inc's proposed merger with Turner Broadcasting System; says approval makes it clear that if Government plans to clamp down on mammoth media mergers, it wil not cut its teeth on Time Warner; holds while FTC chairman Robert Pitofsky was able to negotiate several changes in structure of merger, he did not challenge Time Warner and Turner in court--in part becasue he was worried that two of FTC's five commissioners favored letting merger go through untouched (L)
Although some at Citigroup said the board meeting was rancorous, Mr. Reed, an engineer by training, said he made the decision for one reason: because it made sense.
Four more black employees joined the suit, and the group sought class-action status to include all salaried Coke employees who worked at the company from 1995 to 2000.
A Comcast spokeswoman declined to comment.
Over all, sales were $7 billion, higher than Intel's latest forecast of $6.7 billion to $6.9 billion but down from $8.7 billion in the fourth quarter the previous year.
The apology by M. Douglas Ivester, chairman and chief executive of Coca-Cola, the world's leading soft-drink company, came as French Government officials said that 80 people there had complained about nausea, fever and headaches.
Mr. Gates, who outlined the company's strategic direction yesterday at a similar meeting for industry analysts, repeated Microsoft's mantra today about the importance of a software data format protocol known as XML, or extensible markup language.
They show the logos of Staples and other stores that will sell Xerox printers.
''This confirms our previous thoughts that holiday sales could be the worst in a decade,'' Deborah Weinswig, a retail analyst for Salomon Smith Barney, wrote in a note to investors after the Wal-Mart announcement.
But late in the day, Karel van Miert, the European Union's top antitrust official, indicated that Boeing had sent him a new offer, signaling a willingness to do so.
Joining Teledesic could allow Motorola to save billions of dollars at a time when the company is struggling and casting about for a model of growth for the future.
At an April meeting with store managers, she zeroed in on the contrast between Wal-Mart managers who take Tuesdays and Wednesdays off and store managers at Penney, who are often off on the busy weekend shopping days.
Still, Microsoft, which now claims three million Internet-access subscribers, faces a daunting task in catching the leader, AOL, which reported a net gain of 750,000 subscribers the last three months compared with 450,000 for Microsoft.
A competitor, Go Daddy, had sued VeriSign in U.S. District Court in the District of Arizona.
While AT&T's Internet customers can use a modem to place free local calls  to connect to AT&T's network computer, the transmission speed of such connections is limited to 28,800 bits a second using the fastest modems that are available.
Wanted: New Chief Executive for Gap; Prior Retail Experience Not Required
Over the last five years, shares of Best Buy have risen 55 percent; Circuit City's have declined 43 percent.
But the warning carries particular weight coming from Moody's, whose judgments are closely watched in the financial markets.
Johnson & Johnson could easily afford Guidant.
Tomorrow, when the International Business Machines Corporation cuts the ribbon on a new, much smaller corporate home quietly nestled in a woodsy ravine nearby, the building will signify the postmodern, postdownsizing, employee-empowerment era that the company now represents.
While calling Boeing's decision inevitable, he added: ''I could be wrong.
According to a new analysis by Moody's Investors, strong demand and rising rates are outpacing the increase in room numbers this year in North America, Europe and Asia.
Microsoft would leave them in the dust.''
But with the original goals of the Power PC alliance having changed, the future of the alliance is ''a work in progress,'' he said, adding that Motorola and I.B.M.
The AES Corporation, the electricity producer whose stock has been battered as investors worry about how it intends to finance itself in a sour economy, said yesterday that it hoped to raise as much as $1.5 billion by selling assets and would cut capital spending by 38 percent this year.
Correction:  January 26, 2007, Friday  An article in Business Day on Tuesday about a chip deal between Sun Microsystems and Intel and its effect on an Intel rival, Advanced Micro Devices, rendered incorrectly a quotation from a research note by an analyst with Stifel Nicolaus, Cody Acree.
General Motors and the Ford Motor Company were upbeat in conference calls today, though, saying that they saw positive signs for industry sales in the second half of the year.
''We believe Boeing pushed this case not only because of the A350, but because they want to cut us out of the tanker deal,'' said Thomas Enders, a German appointed co-chief executive of Airbus's majority shareholder, the European Aeronautic Defense and Space Company, or EADS.
Employees and customers of Verizon Communications express relief over end of walkout by 86,000 members of two unions (S)
In the usual sleek Apple style, the company's new Mighty Mouse is much like its single-button mouse in appearance and function.
But it is not clear that Prudential had any formal policy prohibiting market timing, according to a lawyer for five brokers dismissed from the Boston office.
''This is a watershed event,'' said Eugene H. Fram, a professor of marketing at the Rochester Institute of Technology and a longtime observer of Wal-Mart.
The Intel Corporation narrowed its first-quarter revenue estimate Thursday, saying its microprocessor business performed at the low end of seasonal patterns because of a slight oversupply in Asia.
''Wal-Mart is very judicious about that,'' he said.
Both Yahoo and MySimon offered more DEJ01 choices.
Mr. Murdoch was willing to pay much more than the $10-a-subscriber fee that has been reported as his price for getting access to Time Warner's cable systems around the country, people with direct knowledge of the final agreement said.
Stacy MacLean, a spokeswoman at Gap Inc., said it offered employees a discount on Gap clothing, but did not require them to wear Gap brands.
The executives also vented displeasure at AT&T's performance as chief coordinator for the huge project.
Annette Verschuren, president of Home Depot operations in Asia and Canada, said executives at the companies have stayed in communication since, making HomeWay an ideal acquisition.
''This isn't a profitable chip for Intel,'' Mr. Reynolds said, but it ''gives the WiMax market a kick start.''
Seagate is hoping its distinctive white cardboard boxes stand out among the jumble of drives on the retailers' shelves.
Scientists from the school met with Apple executives two days after the company introduced its new 64-bit desktop computer in June.
Despite Mr. de Vink's reservations, several analysts said they were favorably impressed by Pfizer's presentation.
Increasingly, Boeing contracts out large portions of its airplane assembly jobs to cheaper sources overseas.
Microsoft Shops at Wal-Mart for an Operating Chief
Since the S.& P. 500 peaked last March, Microsoft is down 53 percent; Intel, 60 percent; Cisco Systems, 76 percent; and Oracle, 75 percent.
Presumably, plays on words associated with the Time Warner cartoon franchise -- Looney Tunes -- are as verboten as X-rated fare on America Online.
Texas Instruments believes its system will help organizations, buildings and device manufacturers comply with the Americans With Disabilities Act.
Wal-Mart recruits seasoned political operatives and media consultants to improve its image with reluctant consumers; is under fire from well-organized opponents who criticize its wages, health insurance and treatment of workers; at first mention of any criticism, war room inside headquarters of Wal-Mart swings into action with press releases, phone calls to reporters and instant Web postings; approach appears to reflect fear that Wal-Mart's critics are alienating very consumers it needs to keep growing, expecially middle-income Americans motivated not just by price, but by image; first big challenge of strategy comes Nov 1 with premier of Robert Greenwald's unflattering documentary, Wal-Mart: The High Cost of Low Price, that will be released in two dozen theaters; war room's counteroffensive has already begun; photo (M)
Oracle, based in Redwood Shores, Calif., and PeopleSoft, based in Pleasanton, Calif., are direct competitors in selling software used by businesses to manage their payroll, human resources and accounting operations.
''If this is a race track,'' he explained, describing the recent sales campaign, ''Boeing was halfway around before Airbus even got to the starting gate.
David Pogue State of the Art column; consortium of Logitech, Verizon Wireless, Qualcomm and gPix develops idea for cellphone users to be able to view remote scenes; instrument thus becomes tool for security, safety and even snooping; drawing; photo (M)
In July, the Air Force withheld $1 billion in rocket launching contracts from Boeing and barred it from that business for 60 to 90 days after determining that the company had illegally acquired thousands of pages of proprietary documents belonging to the rival Lockheed Martin Corporation.
At this point, it is unclear how shareholder sentiment would influence the thinking of the Comcast Corporation, which last month stunned Disney and the entertainment industry by making an unsolicited $54 billion bid to take over Disney.
Eking out a strong finish to a disappointing year, Intel, the world's largest semiconductor maker, raised its revenue forecast for the fourth quarter on Thursday, citing surprisingly strong demand across its line of chips for personal computers.
shareholders would receive stock valued at $75 million to $131 million in the privately held IntercontinentalExchange, a firm backed by several financial and oil companies, including Goldman Sachs and a BP Amoco unit.
Merck & Company has expanded its relationship with the New York office of DDB Worldwide, part of the Omnicom Group, by naming the agency to handle its Singulair anti-asthma drug, which had been handled by the New York office of FCB Worldwide, part of True North Communications.
Amazon spends about $35 million to $50 million annually on American advertising, plus $5 million in Britain and additional amounts in France, Germany and Japan.
The announcement of the approval in Brussels was met with relief at Monsanto, the biotechnology giant that produces the corn, where it was seen as a welcome change after years of rejection.
Anyone who has struggled to open the case of a computer will appreciate the simplicity and elegance of Apple's drop-down design, which lays out the main circuit board flat on the table.
''Apple executives are looking to do something dramatic, and as part of the drama they're looking for a new agency,'' he said in a telephone interview from London.
Public doubt about Microsoft's compliance is surfacing a year to the day after the collapse of settlement talks aimed at resolving the antitrust suit between Microsoft's chief executive, Steven A. Ballmer, and Mario Monti, the European competition commissioner at the time.
Since then, I.B.M.
On the Thinkpad 240, I.B.M.
Yahoo.com is the most visited single page on the Internet, with 66 million users in the United States last month.
A few months later, in April 2000, Salomon won a coveted role selling shares in AT&T's wireless division to investors.
That same year, they formed Home Depot, with the goal of encouraging creative input from everyone from salespeople to managers.
Wal-Mart Stores filed a suit yesterday against Thomas M. Coughlin, a former vice chairman, seeking to void his retirement package and to recover funds the company said he fraudulently siphoned from the company.
The original judge on the case, Thomas Penfield Jackson of the Federal District Court, ordered that Microsoft be split in two after finding that it had abused its monopoly power in the market for personal computer operating systems by sabotaging the Netscape Navigator browser and Sun Microsystem's Java programming language.
General Electric continued to play down the chances of reaching a compromise with the commission yesterday.
A.T.& T.'s phone was introduced a year ago this month and became commercially available in August.
Even great companies like Cisco couldn't possibly justify their lofty valuations.
Mr. Shapiro replied that he did, but added, ''That does not, in my view, do enough to restore competition to the degree called for in this case, given Microsoft's illegal acts.''
Matt Ross, worldwide general manager for I.B.M.
In a memorandum that was released by Citigroup, Robert Druskin, president of Salomon, said the appointment of a new head of United States equity research ''underscores our commitment to bringing on individuals who can offer new perspectives to the way we conduct equity research.''
Mr. Perelman's lawyers said that Morgan Stanley had purposefully violated court orders by not turning over evidence that it requested, putting it at a legal disadvantage.
Some analysts saw the deal between XM and CBS as a possible harbinger of more content-sharing deals between terrestrial and satellite radio.
Even more surprising, Microsoft, which thought it would capitalize on AOL's problems with a fancy new product and a $300 million multimedia blitzkrieg for its butterfly mascot, saw no growth in the quarter; it has nine million subscribers for its various MSN Internet services.
Gary Stibel, founder of the New England Consulting Group in Westport, Conn., called Cool Contact a great idea that fits Procter's revitalization strategy.
General Motors drops Ayer in favor of McCann-Erickson as agency for corporate advertising.
Peter H Lewis (State of the Art) column offers his evaluation of Microsoft Corp's latest hardware product: a $199 cordless telephone that connects to a personal computer and uses Windows-based call management software; says software enables the user to set up a voice mail system, with separate voice-mail boxes for each member of a family or small business; describes voice command process; also notes system uses voice synthesis to announce incoming calls; says key test of any new product is that people eventually wonder how they ever survived without one (M)
Mr. Blattner, 43, whose appointment is expected to be announced today, will serve as the ''point man inside Justice on the Microsoft case,'' a Justice Department official said yesterday.
Chinese Political Prisoner Sues in U.S. Court, Saying Yahoo Helped Identify Dissidents
''We're seeing the same pattern with grids that we saw with the Internet and Linux,'' said Ken King, vice president of grid computing at I.B.M.
Wal-Mart executives asked Pepsi sales representatives in Bentonville to come up with a new diet soda in flavors not widely available.
Boeing's involvement in Europe's Meteor project thus ''muddies the waters,'' Mr. Brooks said, ''and for that reason, Meteor will be presented as a European solution.''
Other analysts expect Intel to ship less than 20 million.
I.B.M.
Ford Motor Co will license hybrid technology from Toyota Motor Corp in deal that could help establish Toyota's system as standard for industry; Toyota has been trying to sell its hybrid system to variety of automakers to help offset its high development cost; Ford will incoporate Toyota technology into hybrid system it plans to introduce late this year in gasoline-electric version of its Escape sport utility vehicle (M)
Mr. Dodds forecast that the high price and sale of stock to Abbott would dilute Boston Scientific's per-share earnings on a cash basis until 2011 and that dilution as more commonly measured on an accounting basis would be even worse.
Hasbro Ends Plans For 'Pussycat Dolls'
''Allstate, you're serenading us, you're waltzing us, you romance us, but Brooklyn is not a cheap date,'' he said in an interview yesterday.
Business disaster recovery experts weigh implications of sudden large-scale ruin resulting from terrorist attacks on New York City and Washington for their obscure but growing segment of information technology world; companies like IBM, Comdisco and SunGard that maintain 'hot sites' where clients quickly relocate their key information systems can meet mainframe computer demands of customers affected by attacks; are hampered by deaths of clients' disaster recovery personnel and by destruction of server and personal computers and paper records; are scrambling to find workspace, communications links and personal computers for thousands of workers; photo (M)
Netflix is granted patent that covers many of basic features of company's business model, development that may alter nature of competition between Netflix and corporate giants Wal-Mart and Blockbuster that are entering online DVD-rental market; patent gives Netflix intellectual property protection over way that customer sets up his or her rental list and way company sends DVDs and also grants company exclusive control over many other small parts of process of online DVD rental (M)
And he ended his tenure at Time Warner in character, with the success of ''The Historian,'' the debut novel by Elizabeth Kostova, published by the Time Warner subsidiary Little, Brown & Company.
Yahoo, which is based in San Jose, Calif., has not named a replacement.
The major rogue programs all exploit vulnerabilities in Microsoft products, and Microsoft is the leading target of criticism by computer security experts.
''This is a significantly negative pre-earnings announcement, and it is going to have a negative impact on Kodak's stock on Tuesday,'' Mr. Hill said.
''Darn it, we've got good benefits here at General Motors,'' he said, adding that he could stand some cuts but was worried about the effect of cuts on retirees not as financially secure as he is.
In an interview yesterday at Allen & Company's annual media conference in Idaho, Mr. Malone said that if Comcast raised its bid, ''the deal would make a lot of sense,'' Bloomberg News reported.
The video game maker Electronic Arts said it would develop 10 games for the forthcoming Nintendo GameCube, giving a lift to Nintendo's competitive position in the increasingly crowded game console market.
Scott Cook, founder and chairman of Intuit, which is based Menlo Park, Calif., said that transaction-processing had become a distraction.
Kodak's new openness with its numbers seems to prove yet again that there is no zealot quite like a recent convert.
After four years of talks, General Motors has struck an agreement to manufacture automobiles in Russia.
But in the last few months, Target has introduced new lines and cleaned up its stores, de-emphasizing its Cherokee brand sportswear and accelerating promotions for its classier Isaac Mizrahi lines.
Some of those dissidents and their relatives have recently sued Yahoo in federal court.
Amgen makes Aranesp, with sales of $4.1 billion last year, as well as Epogen, which had sales of $2.5 billion, although Epogen is supposed to be used only to treat anemia in kidney dialysis patients.
Yesterday, he said his goal was to make Chevron's earnings grow faster, adding that it was questionable whether a merger would help.
Internet Corp for Assigned Names and Numbers, or Icann, asks VeriSign to suspend voluntarily new service that redirects Web surfers to VeriSign's site when they try to reach unassigned Web addresses (S)
The fact that BayStar made its investment after a referral from Microsoft, a Linux antagonist, only added to the impression of coordinated support for SCO and its strategy.
At the end of last year, Microsoft announced it was adopting a looser model for Passport, which it calls ''federation,'' so companies controlled their own ''islands'' of data instead of Microsoft.
There's no way to know if they would not have been even more profitable if Intel hadn't done it.''
But, Staples is the only one on his buy list.
Such comments by Verizon executives worry competitors that lease access to Verizon's network to provide local telephone service or fast Internet access.
That would make the transaction tax-free to AT&T's shareholders, an important negotiating point in getting the approval of AT&T's directors, and would give AT&T  majority control.
On Friday, Pfizer said that a study had found that high doses of Celebrex taken for long periods were associated with a sharply increased risk of heart attacks.
Mr. Sherlund said Microsoft's revenue in those basic lines appeared to have grown 8 percent to 10 percent in the first quarter instead of the 10 percent to 12 percent that the Goldman analyst had predicted.
Other New York agencies that work for Citigroup include Kirshenbaum Bond & Partners and Merkley Newman Harty, owned by the Omnicom Group.
Less than a week after disclosing a federal inquiry into its accounting, Aon, the world's second-largest insurance broker, said yesterday that it had resolved the questions by agreeing to restate its earnings for the final quarter of last year and the first quarter of this year.
The decision came after a four-month review that had been narrowed to three finalists: Carat, which works for Philips in Europe; Initiative Media Worldwide, part of the Interpublic Group of Companies; and MediaVest, part of the Starcom MediaVest Worldwide unit of the Bcom3 Group, which works for Philips in Latin America and North America.
But Microsoft's closing share price yesterday was still a remarkable 45 times estimated fiscal year 1997 earnings of $2.63 a share, giving the company a market capitalization of $142.8 billion.
News Corp's Rupert Murdoch and Liberty Media's John C Malone attempt to gain partial or complete control over Munich-based Kirch Group, which owns significant portion of all commercial German television programming and is in difficult financial position; photos (M)
Many family members, who take great pride in The Journal's editorial quality, disdain the work of News Corporation media outlets like the Fox News Channel and The New York Post, which they see as politically slanted and overly devoted to celebrity gossip and crime.
Thomas Reardon, a Microsoft program manager who is the company's representative with the consortium, said his company was serving as a model of how consortium members should treat their patents.
Page declined to comment on the company's relations with Yahoo.
Microsoft Says Earnings Outdo Expectations
''While Comcast has done a great job managing cable systems and networks, its ability in core Disney assets such theme parks and animation are unknown,'' Mr. Greenfield said.
Because of its size, Wal-Mart's weak performance brought down many composite November retail indexes, in some cases more than a point.
Yahoo's decision is a big blow to Inktomi, which had hoped to win back the Yahoo search business it lost to Google two years ago.
Shares of Altria have lost 14.5 percent of their value since the verdict was announced, including a $2.17 decline yesterday, to close at $29.96.
Yahoo's chief executive Terry S Semel resigns and will be succeeded by Jerry Yang, co-founder of company in 1994; decision follows 18 months of turmoil for Yahoo, as company disappointed Wall Street and many in its ranks some analysts maintain that shake-up may be only prelude to more substantial corporate overhaul, which could include merger or sale; Yahoo, which is being eclipsed by success of Google's innovations, is going back to its technology roots; photo (M)
''We think Merck did the right thing,'' said Dr. Steven K. Galson, the acting director of the F.D.A.
Though General Motors expects to sell about 45,000 cars a year in Poland, the assembly lines in Gliwice will churn out more than 150,000.
ElcomSoft said Adobe's changes were superficial and released a new demonstration version of the decryption program shortly after Adobe's update.
Each of the parties -- the commission, Europe's top competition authority, General Electric and Honeywell -- found things to like in the ruling.
A German drug and chemical company, Merck KGaA, plans to make a 14.9 billion euro ($17.7 billion) hostile bid today for a German rival, Schering A.G., the target company said yesterday.
After years of bruising setbacks before a deeply skeptical federal district judge, Microsoft moves upstairs in the court house on Monday morning.
The text of the letter, dated May 11, was made public yesterday by the Web site of The Journal and confirmed by the News Corporation.
A federal appeals court held last year that Microsoft illegally preserved its monopoly in a series of acts intended to sideline the Netscape Web browser and the Java programming language, which posed a potential threat to Windows.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10 (Bloomberg News) -- The Microsoft Corporation lost a United States Supreme Court appeal of a decision that said more than 10,000 additional workers were probably eligible for the software maker's discounted stock-purchase plan.
Bank of America is the latest big bank to announce softer-than-expected earnings after J. P. Morgan Chase and Citigroup reported their results last week.
The acquisition would give Time Warner and Comcast control of Adelphia's 5.3 million subscribers in 31 states, including systems around Los Angeles and in upstate New York.
Enterprises delivers fountain syrup to customers on Coca-Cola's behalf, and at times, bills and collects money on those sales, later transferring the money to Coca-Cola.
Granted, Windows Vista Home Basic, which costs $99 by itself, doesn't include Microsoft's flashy new Aero graphical interface.
Kimberly-Clark
The cutbacks coursing through the chip industry reached Texas Instruments Inc. today as the company announced plans to eliminate 3,500 jobs, or 8 percent of its work force.
The idea was enthusiastically supported by Warren E. Buffett, the chairman of Berkshire Hathaway and a Coca-Cola director who is stepping down from the board and will not be eligible for the payments.
Just weeks ago, companies like Oracle, Sun Microsystems and Cisco Systems were citing robust sales in Asia and Europe as bright spots in otherwise gloomy financial results.
Crackdown on dirty jokes, swearing and other offensive speech in the workplace is gaining ground; Carl Jaskolski, who teaches employment law, see swearing as form of workplace harassment and has drafted language policy that he distributes free to human resource practitioners across country; some experts believe crackdown is doomed to fail; Susanna Seaman comments on losing her job at Verizon for using profanity when she was under stress; photos (M)
I.B.M.
Tava will be available to consumers this fall; PepsiCo officials say they have not determined the price.
Michael R Milken, financier who used huge junk bond empire in 1980's to make or break a swath of big American companies, agrees to pay $47 million to settle SEC complaint that he had violated 1991 order barring him from securities industry for life; at same time, in apparently related deal, Federal prosecutors say they will not recommend new criminal charges against Milken for violating terms of his probation stemming from criminal securities fraud conviction in 1990; $47 million represents fees that Milken received for advising Bert C Roberts Jr, chmn of MCI Communications Corp, and Rupert Murdoch, chmn of News Corp, on 1995 accord in which MCI agreed to invest $1 billion to $2 billion in News Corp; in another transaction, Milken was paid fee for advising Ronald O Perelman, who controls Revlon Inc, on his acquisition of New World Communications; photo of Milken, Perelman and tennis player Jimmy Connors at Florida tournament (L)
Sportsline completed that deal late last month, and it decided to make the games available through Yahoo to get them to the market.
Apple faces a similar court challenge in France.
The Authors Guild, a trade group for writers, yesterday sent an e-mail message to its 8,200 members, advising them to stop helping Amazon sell books by linking to it from their own Web sites, citing Amazon's ''notorious used-book service.''
''McCann is the crown jewel of Interpublic,'' he added.
The new unit, which is based in San Jose, Calif., plans to announce today that it will expand the storage capacity of I.B.M.
Mr. Purcell is taking his own steps and is drawing closer to his own power base: his hand-picked board, his small cadre of loyalists and the foundation upon which he has built today's Morgan Stanley: the Main Street brokers from Dean Witter.
At the same time, Interpublic has been forced to contend with the industrywide slowdown in revenue and earnings growth because of the struggling economies in large markets like Japan, Latin America and the United States.
But officials from Speedera said that they received a civil complaint yesterday from a competitor, Akamai, that might be related to the search, both companies said.
Morgan Stanley managed Priceline.com's initial stock offering last year.
Microsoft holds a 10 percent stake in his Seattle company, Real Networks Inc., and licenses Real Networks technology.
''The Northeast is only so big, and since Wal-Mart is the winner in worldwide retailing, it will be the winner here,'' he said.
One episode that fits the pattern, the prosecutors contend, was an effort by Microsoft to pressure Intel to shelve the development of multimedia and Internet software and to limit its cooperation with Netscape.
Firestone had slowly gained market share over the last three years at the expense of its two global archrivals -- Goodyear and Michelin -- by heavily marketing the success of Firestone tires on the racetrack.
That puts it ahead of Sprint as the nation's third-largest long-distance provider, although Verizon still trails Sprint, WorldCom and AT&T in revenue per long-distance customer.
With the acquisition, Home Depot will become the latest American big-box chain to enter China, a country that, despite its size and growing middle class, remains largely untapped by foreign merchants.
The company said yesterday that profit grew almost fourfold in the second quarter as it reduced expenses related to its purchase of AT&T Wireless in 2004.
''SCO has an agenda, and Microsoft clearly has an agenda, and it's doing whatever it can to further its cause.''
Xerox has since replaced KPMG with PricewaterhouseCoopers.
The agency's scrutiny of Boston Scientific's manufacturing comes in the wake of recalls and damaging disclosures by Guidant about fatal product defects that company executives evidently knew about long before notifying doctors.
Analysts had expected Amazon to lose 7 cents a share by this measure.
No account was taken of the grievous harm that this decree would inflict on Microsoft and on a wide range of third parties.''
Meanwhile, Microsoft is busy building other services that will always be available to programmers.
A year ago ING, the Dutch insurer, which has been operating quietly in the United States for years, jump-started its business by buying ReliaStar and parts of Aetna, which, together, were only slightly smaller than John Hancock and Lincoln National combined.
A consortium headed by ChevronTexaco that owns a pipeline that ships oil from Kazakhstan to the Russian port of Novorossiisk, said it was preparing to take the first delivery of Russian crude.
Aetna Inc is reportedly buying NYLCare Health Plans, health care business of New York Life Insurance Co, for $1.05 billion in cash; reportedly will pay as much as $300 million more if NYLCare meets certain growth targets in next two years; NYLCare provides health insurance for 2.2 million people, including 1.5 million under managed care; Aetna has 13.7 million health insurance customers; merger is not expected to have immediate effect on costs, benefits or physician relationships for customers of two companies; analysts say melding NYLCare with Aetna may prove challenging, in light of difficulties Aetna has had in absorbing US Healthcare, which it acquired in 1996 (M)
Speaking to reporters during a conference call, Alan Baratz, president of Sun's Javasoft division, contended that Microsoft was trying to cripple Java because it was a threat to the popularity of Microsoft's Windows software.
More than 73 million shares changed hands, making Starbucks the most actively traded issue.
By themselves, neither Honeywell nor Measurex offered the controls or systems necessary to take paper items from raw material all the way to shipped product.
The Oracle Corporation, the world's second-largest software company, reported Tuesday that its revenue rose 18 percent in the third quarter but that its profit declined as it followed through on its $10.3 billion takeover of the PeopleSoft Corporation.
After all, this was a big reason AT&T wants BellSouth and full control of Cingular, which is jointly owned by AT&T and BellSouth.
Microsoft came up with its own browser and rebuffed that challenge, partly with tactics that violated antitrust laws, a federal appeals court ruled.
The companies that issued the shares, meanwhile, are betting that the investors' lawyers will prevail against the 55 brokerage firms, including Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, Credit Suisse First Boston and many smaller firms.
It is intended mainly as a way of giving the Justice Department and 19 states suing Microsoft the industry's perspective on what steps seem workable.
Microsoft also requires the partner sites to agree to protect personal information and post privacy policies.
Fiat and General Motors, which owns 20 percent of Fiat's auto unit, said the sale by Fiat of its G.M.
In an internal memo, James Vanderslice, senior vice president of I.B.M.
Home Depot said its research suggested that by 2020, 35 percent of the population will be older than 50.
Software industry executives and technologists contend that Microsoft has been moving behind the scenes to undercut support for set of business-to-business electronic transaction standards jointly developed by United Nations and industry-sponsored international standards group; Microsoft and senior United Nations officials deny accusation, saying that company's contributions are relatively modest, comply with United Nations guidelines and do not unduly influence decision making; Klaus-Dieter Naujok, who works with United Nations, says it is difficult to avoid Microsoft's influence; photo (L)
(The automobile was not the only technological throwback with a key role in AT&T's cyberfair; the voice mail was sent out by Western Union.)
General Motors raises stakes in fuel economy war with Ford, especially regarding sport utility vehicles, by declaring that its vehicles will average more miles to gallon than Ford's no matter how much Ford improves energy efficiency of sport utilities by 2005; says also that overall fuel economy for all its light trucks will be better than Ford's by then; GM vice chairman Harry Pearce predicts company will still be leader in five years, and possibly in 15; vow by Ford to raise sport utilities' mileage by 25 percent, from currrent 18 miles per gallon, and to improve fuel economy of minivans and pickups recalled; photo (M)
The listing for alendronate -- a drug made by Merck & Company under the brand name Fosamax, which has been shown to help women and men with osteoporosis -- includes information on side effects and contraindications.
And the confusion is widespread, as high-profile cases involving Microsoft and Time Warner have shown.
Any role to be played by CBS would also potentially be complicated.
The Government is expected to sue the Microsoft Corporation to place limits on the contracts the company strikes with personal computer makers, Internet service providers and Web site operators.
The joint federal-state plan calls for breaking Microsoft into two separate and competing companies.
''But 80 to 90 percent of the problems Boeing has today are problems that Boeing created.''
Cisco Systems Inc, maker of internetworking equipment, has made $75 million in electronic sales since it went on line less than five months ago with World Wide Web site for business users; hopes to conduct 30 percent of all sales on Web by end of July 1997; plans to sell its electronic commerce technology to customers (S)
The bank's robust finances have not satisfied some large investors, including two large state pension funds in California and New York that plan to make an issue of Citigroup's corporate governance policies at the bank's annual meeting next Tuesday.
Software companies, like I.B.M., whose programmers contribute to Linux, often have contracts with SCO.
At that point, would OPEC have a harder time imposing its will on the market if it faced competition from eight major private oil companies, as would be true today, or if the number of competitors shrank by two, assuming British Petroleum is allowed to merge with Amoco and Exxon to merge with Mobil?
An investment in AT&T would be partly defensive for Microsoft.
Yurii A. Vlasov, the lead researcher, described the current work as ''exploratory research,'' but he said the goal was eventually to use it in I.B.M.
Walt Disney Co says chairman-chief executive Michael D Eisner has bought 725,700 shares of Disney stock for about $10 million; purchase makes Eisner third-largest shareholder of Disney stock, after Bass family and Roy Disney, nephew of Walt Disney (S)
In its favor, Adobe, with a long history of working with artists and other creative professionals, has a loyal customer base and a wide circle of developers.
As the stock prices of companies like Google and eBay soared this year, two of the biggest cheerleaders on Wall Street, who four years ago were derided as false prophets too eager to put the commercial interests of their firms ahead of investors, are basking in a renewed glow.
Microsoft, it said, ''may refuse to settle, electing to challenge this in court.''
For the quarter, Apple reported a loss of $120 million, compared with a loss of $69 million in the comparable period a year ago.
The company noted that the news channel, which dominates the cable news competition, benefited from year-earlier comparisons because it did not have the higher newsgathering costs of the war in Iraq.
''Reality has set in, here and industrywide,'' wrote Steven A. Ballmer, Microsoft's president, as he announced the changes.
Larry Haverty, an associate portfolio manager of the Gabelli Global Multimedia Trust, which holds both Dow Jones and News Corporation shares, said that the two companies were well matched.
Citigroup says it is removing executives Kevin J McCaffrey and John B Hoffmann from stock research division of Salomon Smith Barney; McCaffrey will become global head of sales and marketing for e-business unit; will be succeeded by Mark Fulton; Hoffmann will retire in December (M)
So far, plaintiffs and Merck have won four cases each, not including the New Jersey case in which the decision was overturned.
With Intel offering little guidance about demand for the rest of the year, ''analysts will make their own assumptions and estimates will be all over the place,'' Mr. Peck said.
chip in the early 1980's, Texas Instruments, the technology company in Dallas that is probably best known for its electronic calculators, is the world leader in developing these chips.
Industry analysts said that there were few attractive marriage prospects for the the company that could catapult it into the same league as the Lockheed Martin Corporation, the proposed Boeing Company-McDonnell Douglas Corporation combination and, now, Raytheon-Hughes.
Sometime before the end of the year, Microsoft is expected to begin its push into the music download business.
At the same time, Johnson & Johnson ordered its sales representatives to knock on doctors' doors throughout Europe to make sure that the drug was being properly stored and administered.
Under the old contract, Verizon was barred from transferring more than 0.7 percent of the unionized jobs in a state to another location each year.
Aon, based in Chicago, has agreed to pay about $190 million over several years, people close to the case said.
Correction:  August 12, 2000, Saturday  An entry in the Business Digest yesterday about the planned retirement of William C. Steere Jr., chief executive of Pfizer, misstated the increases in the company's sales and stock price during his leadership.
And they have all pressed ahead with their own expansions, focusing, like Wal-Mart, on big cities and smaller towns.
The Nortel Networks Corporation plans to announce today an alliance with the Microsoft Corporation that will make much of Nortel's networking code available to outside developers, executives close to the deal said yesterday.
In a 2-to-1 decision, a panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit in Philadelphia ordered Alfred M. Wolin, a federal district judge in Newark, to end his role in the bankruptcy hearings involving W.R. Grace, Owens Corning and U.S. Gypsum because his handling of the cases had the appearance of bias.
In that way, Microsoft's charge into the British cable market runs parallel with its maneuvers with AT&T in the United States to deliver Internet services by cable.
On Tuesday, Netflix was granted a patent that covered many of the basic features of the company's business model, a development that may well alter the nature of the competition between Netflix, a company based in Los Gatos, Calif., and the corporate giants, Wal-Mart and Blockbuster, that are entering the online DVD-rental market.
While Wal-Mart has never closed a store in Canada, Mr. Pelletier said, Jonquière's survival depends on better financial performance.
Wal-Mart has warned bloggers against lifting text from the e-mail it sends them.
But the report by the Software and Information Industry Association, which was presented to the Justice Department two weeks ago, does recommend that the Government look seriously at breaking up Microsoft as a cure for what the report regards as the lack of competition in the software industry.
If those new employees are really enthusiastic about a program that DuPont estimates will save it -- and take away from employees -- around $46 million a year, after taxes, then the state of economic education in this country is worse than you may have thought.
Apple's continued struggles come as the company is reportedly seeking a friendly buyer; people close to the company say it has retained Goldman, Sachs & Company as an adviser.
No account was taken of the grievous harm that this decree would inflict on Microsoft and on a wide range of third parties.
George David, chief executive of United Technologies, said at a meeting with Wall Street analysts that the cuts, which are expected in the next 15 months, would save $750 million a year starting in 2002.
By the time they met for dinner, Mr. Levin and Richard J. Bressler, chairman of Time Warner's Digital Media division, were ready to settle the critical outstanding issues with Mr. Case and Mr. Novack.
The online auction giant eBay wants the world to know that it is trying to clean up its site.
The alliance is the first of its kind between Microsoft and a major Japanese electronics maker, and could pave the way for similar deals between Microsoft and other hardware manufacturers.
The Earle Palmer Brown Companies acquired Ketchum Advertising in Pittsburgh from Omnicom Group.
''This mill was recycling metals, and we're recycling the mill -- recycling it into a community,'' said James F. Jacoby, the developer who has begun the project with the American International Group, the big insurance company, which is contributing equity and debt capital.
State governments are big buyers of products from both Oracle and PeopleSoft, with investments in both product lines amounting to hundreds of millions of dollars in some cases.
In future deals, Citigroup will not finance commercial logging in rain forests or projects that harm indigenous populations and will report the greenhouse gas emissions of the energy projects it does finance, the bank and the environmental group will announce.
Analysts had expected Cisco to post sales of $5.88 billion.
SAP has yet to win any customers from the PeopleSoft-Oracle battle, and Mr. Apotheker would not be pinned down on how many converts he hopes to win.
Don Keough, former president and chief operating officer of Coca-Cola Co, will serve as adviser to company's board and to current chairman-chief executive, Douglas Daft (M)
Cisco executives have also said that $2.5 billion worth of equipment built for the Internet boom is still sitting on shelves, essentially worthless.
Carol Schuster is named senior partner and executive group director of newly won account of DuPont at Ogilvy & Mather; Ron Arnold and Mark Cacciatore are named to new posts of executive vice presidents and worldwide executive group directors at Saatchi & Saatchi on General Mills account (S)
Gap's basic reasoning is that its business is increasingly unwieldy.
''If you have to spend seven or eight dollars to drive to Wal-Mart, it had better be a big purchase,'' he said, ''otherwise the savings won't be that great.''
Cisco Systems said it would acquire AuroraNetics Inc., a privately held networking company, for $150 million in stock.
They express concerns over the privacy and security of its customer data -- concerns that were heightened by an incident a month ago, when vulnerabilities discovered by a security researcher prompted Microsoft to take the express-purchase component of Passport offline for two days.
The court rejected rival bids from the Whirlpool Corporation, Candy of Italy, and Arcelik of Turkey, after Elco pledged to maintain seven of eight existing factories and about 80 percent of the work force in France, or 4,195 employees.
had planned to replace the computers by 2003 and would like to do so sooner because I.B.M.
Mark Murray, a Microsoft spokesman, said yesterday that the company ''continues to believe it is in compliance with the judge's order.''
There appear to be two main reasons why AT&T is actively considering options other than a deal with Comcast -- issues on which Mr. Roberts of Comcast may have to become more flexible if he wants AT&T's cooperation.
Though Aon is based in Chicago, it has offices in New York, which is an important center for the insurance industry.
After 14 hours of deliberations over two days, the jurors found that Vioxx had caused Mr. McDarby's heart attack and that Merck had failed to warn patients and doctors of Vioxx's heart risks.
Mr. Joyce said I.B.M.
Red Hat, leading seller of open-source software, is expected to outline push into global market for desktop systems, area where grass-roots Linux software has so far failed to make dent against Microsoft Corp (S)
Moreover, the Silicon Valley grapevine is full of chatter about the Transmeta Corporation, a secretive Santa Clara, Calif., start-up company that is financed in part by a Microsoft co-founder and board member, Paul G. Allen.
At the expected exchange ratio, each AT&T share now has $7.63 of its value attributable to Comcast, and just over $2.15 to what is left of AT&T, even before the spinoff of the consumer tracking stock.
Apple Ad Campaign Stars Former Microsoft Users
But Gary L. Reback, the attorney for Microsoft's rival in the browser market, Netscape Communications, and a persistent legal gadfly in matters involving Microsoft, said he was encouraged by Mr. Lessig's knowledge of technology.
PeopleSoft chief executive David Duffield, in harshly worded letter to Oracle chief executive Lawrence Ellison, accuses Oracle executives of spreading misleading information about his stock sales and threatens to sue for defamation (M)
And in a November hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee, its chairman, Orrin G. Hatch, Republican of Utah, said he had not made any secret of the fact that he had serious concerns about Microsoft's efforts to exercise  what he termed ''monopoly power.''
Nike's Chief Cancels a Gift Over Monitor Of Sweatshops
Apple Computer Inc, still trying to find comeback trail, will reach crucial milestone on May 13, when company demonstrates early version of new operating system software on which Apple is staking its future; demonstration will come at company's Worldwide Development Conference; Apple hopes new operating system, code-named Rhapsody, will restore company's reputation for software that is as innovative as it is easy to use (L)
Apple Computer says profit tripled in fiscal third quarter, led by surging demand for iPod portable music player and higher sales of its Macintosh computers; net profit was $61 million compared with $19 million year earlier; revenue rose 30 percent, to $2.01 billion; chief executive Steven P Jobs comments; company discloses problems at IBM's manufacturing of G5 microprocessor were reason for delay in shipments of several new Macs, most notably new iMac model (M)
Apple Computer is likely to answer questions about backdated options granted to chief executive Steven P Jobs and other executives in delayed annual report that Apple says it will file with Securities and Exchange Commission; Apple appears to be secretive about its handling of stock options issues; this week it continued to maintain its silence as reports about possible falsified documents rattled shareholders; San Francisco-based newspaper The Recorder reports investigation conducted by law firm on Apple's behalf found that options documents had been falsified to increase value of grants to Apple executives; Financial Times reports that investigators discovered options grant to Jobs that had not been properly authorized by company's board (M)
Asked if he was worried that his move into Apple might be a bad investment, Prince Walid replied: ''Look, don't forget that in 1991 they said the same thing about Citibank and about my other investments like Canary Wharf and Disneyland.
Cisco Systems offered investors hope today that the nation's technology sector was not continuing to deteriorate, posting stronger-than-expected earnings.
Correction: October 10 Business Day article on acquisition of Allegiance Corp by Cardinal Health Inc misstated year in which lower value of Malaysian currency, ringgit, contributed to Allegiance's profits; year was 1997
But despite these family get-togethers, an underlying tension is growing over eventual control of the News Corporation, the globe-spanning media company that Mr. Murdoch has built over four decades, with Ms. Deng and Mrs. Mann playing crucial roles.
Prince Walid bin Talal of Saudi Arabia, who has acquired slightly more than 5 percent of Apple Computer, said today that he had looked at more than 10 technology companies in the last year and believed that Apple had an ''incredible franchise, loyal customers and actually a very cheap price.''
Some lawsuits contend that Microsoft's grading systems are discriminatory.
''Microsoft has always had a crisis-driven mentality,'' said Mr. Howard, the security expert.
As a senior saleswoman in the convertible bond department, Ms. Schieffelin manages client accounts and has in recent years played a prominent role in recruiting business school graduates to work at Morgan Stanley.
Raytheon also operates a big construction company and makes Amana refrigerators and Speed Queen laundry equipment.
But where competitors did not follow Procter & Gamble's lead, many consumers switched products.
Surrounding him and his visitors were the trappings of wealth -- windows that beckoned with views of New York Harbor, Chinese antiques, the services of a butler and a maid -- acquired over his nearly four decades leading the American International Group, the global insurance giant.
Private Suits Put Microsoft At Little Risk
Going head-to-head with Microsoft, Network Computer won a contract to provide the so-called middleware for Cable and Wireless Communications P.L.C.
Centocor, subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson, has been providing doctors with marketing materials that describe how they can make extra money by prescribing expensive rheumatoid arthritis drug called Remicade, practice that health care fraud experts say may be illegal; document once available to doctors on Centocor's Web site stated that included worksheet where physicians could calculate their 'estimated revenue per patient' from prescribing drug; worksheet stated 'revenue' was primarily difference between what Medicare pays doctors for drug and lower amount that Centocor charged doctors for drug; drug is one of few rheumatoid arthritis treatments that Medicare covers; Centocor says company does not talk about profitability and how physicians can make money; Dr Paul April says other doctors have told him that Centocor representatives invited them to meeting where they could learn about how they could profit from Remicade (M)
That crimped Microsoft's operating margins, which were down slightly compared with 1999.
AT&T took a $1.6 billion charge against earnings to cover the cost of abandoning NCR's personal computer  business and reducing the payroll by 8,500.
Congressional investigators are examining series of undisclosed deals between Enron and Citigroup that raise questions about whether bank ignored its internal guidelines and sidestepped accounting requirements in order to satisfy important client; want to know why Citigroup went forward with deal called Sundance over strong objections of risk managers and others at bank; also probe Citigroup's investment of 3 percent of equity in off-the-books partnership called Bacchus, in which Enron placed its pulp and paper business, after receiving oral commitments that Enron would 'support' bank's investment; Sundance and Bacchus demonstrate aggressiveness in recent years of major banking institutions in putting together structured finance deals, which combine complex investment vehicles with efforts to evade or maneuver around accounting, tax and other rules (M)
Cisco sued Huawei in Federal District Court in Texas in January 2003, claiming that the company had infringed numerous Cisco patents and illegally copied some software code and documentation.
Some advertising executives comment on how General Motors could remake itself; photo (M)�
The news conference, at the end of a previously scheduled product announcement, was characterized by Mr. Ellison's determined defense of his business ethics and of his company's behavior as an appropriate method for combating Microsoft's business tactics.
Wal-mart Stores and Home Depot report earnings rose in second quarter, despite sluggish economy and tough market for retailers; Wal-mart reports net for second fiscal quarter ended July 31 of $1.62 billion, compared with $1.60 billion in year-earlier period; sales rose to $52.80 billion, from $46.11 billion; Home Depot reports net of $924 million, compared with $838 in year-earlier period; sales rose to $14.58 billion, from $12.62 billion (M)
Mr. Berman would not describe the cause of the problem, but he did say that it extended to other Web sites that Amazon runs, like Target.com and Borders.com.
investigators issued requests for documents from the four companies -- Clear Channel Communications, CBS Radio, Citadel Broadcasting and Entercom Communications, agency officials said.
Intel, in contrast, has adopted a far more complex approach involving a fundamental new processor design, or architecture, to move more data simultaneously, or in parallel.
A result of three years of cooperation between I.B.M.
The most striking thing about Boeing's current troubles is that things were supposed to be different this time.
Goldman, Sachs has banking ties with Hewlett-Packard and I.B.M.]
Kraft, which is 84 percent owned by the Altria Group, and Procter & Gamble also reiterated their decisions announced on Friday to avoid the show because, they said, its contents did not meet their guidelines for acceptable content.
Procter's Bounty has a less expensive version hitting markets now, too.
But unlike the tire failures, this has not proven to be a product liability problem for Ford, because it is extremely difficult to sue an automaker for injuries that its vehicles inflict on occupants of other vehicles.
Instead, as part of the proposed agreement, the commission members reached no legal conclusion that Intel was a monopoly, a finding that would have had significant legal and practical consequences for the company in other cases.
But Morgan Stanley, and all of Wall Street, scored an even bigger win: the statistics remain under wraps.
Together Comcast and AT&T Broadband would have almost 22 million subscribers.
State takeover of Flint, Mich, caps series of blows that can be traced to General Motors plant closings that reduced number of its workers in city from 80,000 in 1970's to 20,000 today; city officials and residents concede that city bears much of blame because it did not adjust to its rapidly declining tax base and curb spending; City Council is challenging state takeover; Edward Kurtz, Flint's state-appointed financial manager, says his chief concern is debt burden, now nearly $40 million; photos (M)
The Federal Communications Commission is taking a growing interest in the technology, and major companies including I.B.M., Intel and AT&T are hatching Wi-Fi plans.
In another sign that the Internet may not produce quick changes in the way cars are sold, the Ford Motor Company announced today that its much-delayed Internet service had begun doing business, but in only nine states.
Cleveland Clinic Foundation's chief academic officer Eric J Topol has come under scrutiny for potential conflicts of interest with pharmaceutical companies; Topol has dones work for drug companies like Eli Lilly, Medicines Co and partnership with Bristol-Myers Squibb and Sanofi-Aventis; report in December by Fortune magazine said that Topol, leading critic of drug Vioxx, was paid consultant to hedge fund that had made money betting that shares of Merck, Vioxx's maker, would fall; Topol severed his ties with that firm; said he had no knowledge of firm's investment position; Cleveland Clinic says it is overhauling its ethics policies, and will present them to board for approval, perhaps within weeks; few academic centers go as far as preventing researchers from studying drug or device from company in which they have any financial interest; Cleveland Clinic is trying to avoid outright bans by asking researchers to disclose their ties and trying to minimize effect of conflicts; Delos M Cosgrove, who took over as clinic's chief executive, says he does not believe that across-the-board restrictions are desirable; graph; photos (M)
But analysts who regularly survey major consumer goods companies said that most participants were cooperating with Wal-Mart out of fear of offending the retailer and were, as much as possible, putting off investments in the technology.
For its part, Bank of America, based in Charlotte, N.C., is acquiring a portfolio made up of the lowest-risk borrowers in the industry.
Apple, at Last, Has New Operating System for Macs
To the Government, the appeal of Microsoft products is the potential cost saving and the ease of using its industry-standard programs.
The ruling by Mr. Daniels said that the agency's conclusion that only Lockheed Martin ''could provide best value to the agency in modernizing the system is also based on nothing more than the repeated vision of F.A.A.
Both courts found the company's internal pricing system arbitrary and unfair to shareholders other than Ford Motor.
The uncertainty surrounding Xerox's bank loan is reflected in the cautious approach vulture investors are taking toward the company.
''At some point you have to put your foot down and be a man and stand up and say 'Look,' '' Fred Dressler, Time Warner's senior vice president for programming,  later told a reporter.
Disappearance of UPN network, which will become joint venture with WB called CW, will have its greatest impact in New York metropolitan area on those who watch WWOR-TV Channel 9 prime-time lineup; News Corp spokesman Andrew Butcher says change will give it tremendous opportunity to re-program WWOR (S)
MICROSOFT OFFERS ALTERNATIVE PLAN IN ANTITRUST CASE
The best known of these projects is Linux, a computer operating system that Microsoft now regards as the leading competitive threat to its lucrative Windows franchise in the market for software that runs computer servers.
He described agency-company reviews as an ''overarching trend'' that will ''increasingly affect'' Interpublic and its main competitors.
Oil companies, including Exxon Mobil, have argued that the lawsuits are unfair and that those directly responsible for spills should be held liable, not the makers of the product.
In a second agreement, Netscape said it would sell Oracle enterprise and work group data bases with its server products.
Humana said it began offering one of the new plans to its 14,300 employees in July and would add outside customers next summer.
Motorola Posts 2nd Consecutive Profit
Like some of its customers, Starbucks investors are skeptical as well about the company's plans, announced late Wednesday, to become an Internet retailer, not just of roasted beans and coffee mugs, but of everything from frying pans to towels, picture frames and even sofas and credenzas.
After the spinoff, Halliburton continued to administer the Dresser-Rand employees' pension plan.
Wal-Mart, for example, has only a small fraction of its rivals' movies and distribution centers.
''I wish I had a nickel for every time people have suggested that we do this,'' said Steven P. Jobs, Apple's chief executive, at a conference on Tuesday.
Microsoft, to be sure, quickly gained the upper hand a few years ago in its first Internet battle -- against the Netscape Communications Corporation, which America Online bought last year.
The new line is the first in a planned series of product introductions next year for Kellogg, which is struggling to reverse losses in sales and market share.
In that case, the design of Pfizer's clinical trials is crucial.
For the quarter ended March 31, Microsoft reported earnings of $1.92 billion, or 35 cents a diluted share, up 43 percent from $1.34 billion, or 25 cents a share, in the period a year earlier.
But in a larger sense AOL and Time Warner are creating a club,  new and still unformed, whose membership is up for grabs.
What is more, the value of her existing options has declined along with Mattel's stock price.
Without fanfare but with potentially far-reaching significance for the semiconductor industry, I.B.M.
On the same basis, Yahoo earned $55.7 million, or 9 cents a share, a year earlier.
In addition, AT&T said it would offer residential customers unlimited Internet access, including electronic mail and nationwide phone directory services, for less than $20 a month.
British Airways said in February that it would ask Boeing and Airbus for bids for short-haul planes to replace aging ones for regional European subsidiaries.
Marriott International says that by the end of this year beds at 2,400 hotels, operated under eight brand names, will be remade with triple sheets and plusher mattresses.
The effort is an extension of an agreement in December 1999 under which Motorola took a minority stake in Palm.
Last month at a McDonald's convention in Orlando, Fla., franchisees said they were able to see how their new leader handled pressure.
Discounting many special charges including a one-time pension-related gain, Verizon reported earnings of $1.97 billion, or 72 cents a share, up from $1.87 billion, or 67 cents a share, in the quarter a year earlier.
Citing growing demand across its full range of semiconductor products, Texas Instruments said its third-quarter per-share earnings increased 27 percent, meeting expectations.
''Clearly, actions beyond resolving our operational issues are required, including major cost reductions, asset dispositions and a review of the dividend level,'' Paul A. Allaire, Xerox's chairman,  and Anne M. Mulcahy, its president, said in a joint statement yesterday.
First, Coca-Cola recalled 2.5 million bottles around this area of Belgium, 25 miles northwest of Brussels.
Wal-Mart officials say the company is not antiunion and lets workers decide freely whether they want a union.
Marsha Collier, the author of ''EBay Bargain Shopping for Dummies'' (Wiley Publishing, 2003), warns that such sellers may be trying to skim off some profit by inflating the shipping costs.
In its negotiations so far with Apple, according to one former Apple executive, I.B.M.
DOCTORS are accustomed to offices crowded with patients, but in the last several weeks, salespeople from Merck and Monsanto have also been vying for their attention to promote new arthritis drugs.
Kodak's digital business is growing at a better than 35 percent annual clip, and its EasyShare is the world's best-selling digital camera.
Intel's announcement Tuesday coincided with an announcement by Texas Instruments that it was also reducing power consumption in some of its mobile chips.
In the trial, Microsoft is expected to argue its advance in the browser market was the result of its own business acumen and Netscape's missteps.
The Nike campaign was in the works, executives say, well before the much-publicized arrival last month of Dove print and outdoor ads showing six women, none of them models, sizes 4 to 12, smiling in their underwear.
This is already occurring here with fan cowls for the Boeing 717.
Yet as information emerged that Boeing's ousted chief financial officer, Mr. Sears, had been talking to Darleen Druyun, the former Pentagon official, about taking a job at Boeing at the same time that Ms. Druyun was representing the Pentagon in financial negotiations with Boeing over the tanker, the deal ran into even more trouble.
In particular, the panel lauded Coke for establishing a uniform evaluation procedure that is supposed to ensure fair evaluations on specific job-related measurements.
Microsoft had not been the top holding of Fidelity since the end of 1999, said James Lowell, who edits a newsletter about Fidelity funds.
''Sidney Weinberg made it explicit that public service was a higher calling,'' said Lisa J. Endlich, the author of ''Goldman Sachs: The Culture of Success'' (Touchstone, 2000), a history of the firm.
Brian O'Shaughnessy, a spokesman for VeriSign, said the company was ''still very confident about a favorable outcome.''
Microsoft developed an operating system for the Pocket PC and licensed it to manufacturers including Hewlett-Packard; in April 2000 the two companies began to advertise the Pocket PC in newspapers and other national publications.
''This partnership provides us the opportunity to cultivate the tremendous potential of the Chinese credit card market,'' said Jiang Jianqing, chairman and president of the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, which will be issuing the American Express cards.
Intel says slower sales of desktop computers and weaker prices led it to miss fourth-quarter revenue target; revenue rose 6 percent in fourth quarter, to $10.2 billion; net profit was $2.45 billion, up 16 percent (M)
Under the agreement, Oracle will join Microsoft's Visual Studio partner program.
Mark Chandler, Cisco's general counsel, said at the time the suit was filed in January that Cisco would have been willing to share the trademark if Apple had agreed to its terms.
Still, other venture capitalists said the fund was likely to run up against Microsoft.
On Monday, both the Microsoft Corporation and the Netscape Communications Corporation said that some of their electronic mail programs contained flaws that would enable a malicious programmer to attach to an E-mail message a rogue program that would run automatically on a computer receiving it.
Mr. House, who was senior vice president and general manager of the enterprise server group of Intel, will become chairman, president and chief executive of Bay Networks, replacing the two top executives, Andrew Ludwick and Paul Severino.
A federal appeals court has ruled that Microsoft repeatedly violated antitrust laws in its campaign to thwart the challenge that Netscape at one time seemed to pose to Microsoft's desktop monopoly.
''These companies like AT&T, they're thinking ahead to a time, perhaps in 10 years, when 50 million Americans will have broadband capability and all their television and Internet will be interactive through one big box,'' said Bryn Pryor, technology editor for Adult Video News, the trade magazine.
''If the Chinese Government thinks they are doing a favor to Al Gore by giving us this order,'' said Boeing's spokesman in Beijing, Chen Linde, ''then they may take it back if he does not participate.''
Saying that its health costs are soaring 12 percent a year, Verizon has asked that its unionized workers pay more each year toward their health coverage; they now contribute about 5 percent of the cost.
Shares of PepsiCo dropped $2.94, or 6.3 percent, to $43.69, while Quaker rose $12.30, or 14 percent, to $100.30.
They cost $65 to $75 and have names like Hall Props, Skater Cool and Tech Geek Chic and have been available at Niketown since June.
Time Warner will get most of Adelphia's 5.3 million subscribers and plans to spin off a separate cable company that would use its stock to make additional acquisitions.
Microchip Technology will cut its work force by 12 percent, or about 400 employees, and trim production by 24 percent; photo (S)
Interpublic Loses Bank of America Account
Path to AT&T Breakup Has Become a Rocky Road
ATI said it had entered a technology agreement with Microsoft to develop ''custom, leading-edge graphics technologies'' for the console.
The News Corporation already has a business that produces 60 million free-standing advertising and coupon inserts each week that are distributed in American newspapers.
And in software, Nokia has a very different business model from Microsoft.
Museums also have the advantage of being affordable, compared with other places to spend.
During a hastily convened conference call, the board enacted a succession plan that was laid out by Mr. Cantalupo and named Charles H. Bell, McDonald's president and chief operating officer, as chief executive.
Microsoft Corp will establish Internet data operation in Dublin to distribute software products and to handle sales for Europe, Middle East and Africa; says data cneter will purchase bandwidth from Irish government's joint venture with telecommunications giant Global Crossing (S)
Yahoo will offer a more limited service for Motorola phones.
American International Group, insurance giant under scrutiny for using transactions to improve its financial condition, uncovers at least $1 billion more in accounting problems; internal review is progressing as law firm of Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison completes separate investigative report on who at company is responsible for certain questionable transactions and accounting of those transactions; report reportedly concludes that senior management was able to easily skirt financial systems and controls that were in place (M)
As part of the Sony partnership, I.B.M.
Netflix
Official Quits AT&T To Run A Software Company
Apple Inc., the computer and consumer electronics company, said Thursday that the introduction of the new version of its flagship Macintosh OSX operating system would be delayed as much as four months because of quality issues.
Brian Wilke, Motorola's corporate vice president and general manager for personal computer systems, said that there had been no problems with G4 production but that Apple's demand had grown faster than expected.
''The way I look at it,'' Mrs. Sotak said, ''I.B.M.
I.B.M.
Microsoft also sponsored a performance tour for Mr. Martin and his Comedy Central special, which was shown last night.
So when Microsoft released Windows XP, which removed the underlying DOS code from the Windows operating system, it suddenly became easier to run DOS software on a Mac than on a Windows PC.
''Microsoft has done some bad things,'' said Gordon Eubanks, chairman of the Symantec Corporation, a Cupertino, Calif., developer of utility software.
Coca-Cola recorded $18.9 billion in worldwide sales last year, compared with $11.3 billion for Coca-Cola Enterprises, which accounts for much of domestic Coca-Cola sales.
Shares of Motorola fell nearly 12 percent in after-hours trading.
According to the union, customer service representatives at Verizon's wireless unit who are not union members in Massachusetts make about a third less than unionized employees who do virtually the same job in other parts of the company.
ONE of the nation's largest marketers, General Mills, is seeking to transform the way it works with its agencies -- and vice versa -- in a shift that underlines the changes that are remaking the advertising industry.
Yet when the deal emerged, not only had Mr. Murdoch won the prize he originally coveted -- distribution of his news channel to Time Warner's 1.2 million New York City subscribers -- but he had also gained access to 65 percent of the rest of Time Warner's cable systems, or about eight million more subscribers.
But as executives from Burbank to New York struggle with the new calculus, the only certainty is that Time Warner's decision to trade its shares for shares in America Online has given a powerful boost to believers in the value of new-media companies.
Microsoft's chief financial officer, John G. Connors, sketched out the new financial reporting breakdown that the company plans to give its investors beginning next fall.
At least 15 million Americans are connected to the Internet and on-line information services today, but that number pales next to AT&T's 80 million residential phone users and 10 million business customers.
The Microsoft research findings, based on a survey in October, also determined that much of the spam ad traffic was being funneled through the Internet addresses of just two Web-hosting companies.
Christopher B. Galvin, the chairman and chief executive of Motorola, sold 40,000 shares in the company last Wednesday, the day before it announced the resignation of its president, Edward D. Breen.
''We felt IPG wasn't the right fit,'' said Mr. Arnell, referring to Interpublic by its stock ticker symbol.
Coca-Cola planned a public announcement of the new drink in January, but people with knowledge of Coke's plans confirmed the details of the introduction this weekend.
In another effort to capitalize on children's viewing habits, Mattel Entertainment is releasing a new Barbie DVD and videotape, the fourth in a series for the fashion-doll-turned-thespian, with a computer-animated Barbie starring in ''The Princess and the Pauper.''
Robert Edwards, a spokesman at Motorola, which is based in Schaumburg, Ill., said yesterday that the company was backing both the LMDS and MMDS technologies and working to develop a large portfolio of offerings so that big technology companies and consumers could have a wide range of alternatives to getting broadband access.
Comcast is now able to roll out the service nationally to many more homes by virtue of its merger with AT&T Broadband in 2002
The new system, called MXC, is the first major product initiative announced by the semiconductor group since Motorola's announcement two weeks ago that it planned to spin it off.
Goodyear had expected to have better news to give.
ImClone Systems reapplies electronically to sell its cancer drug, Erbitux, but hits last-minute snafu with widespread power failures in Northeast; ImClone Systems and its partner, Bristol-Myers Squibb have stumbled repeatedly in trying to get drug approved to treat colorectal cancer, but there is still hope that drug will overcome its difficult start and help thousands of patients; ImClone asks for accelerated drug-approval process (M)
World Business Briefing
''I truthfully don't think that there has been a material impact on Nike sales by the human rights attacks,'' he said, citing the company's marketing studies.
A company spokesman said Intel had imposed a hiring freeze in the current quarter.
Meg Whitman, eBay's chief executive, acknowledged the issue during the same news conference in Shanghai that Mr. Wang addressed.
In court, Mr. Perelman contended that Morgan Stanley, which was advising Sunbeam, disguised its troubled finances.
Shanghai Automotive Industrial Corp will develop pickup truck for sale in rural China with technical help from General Motors Corp (S)
''As responsible stewards of the corporation's assets,'' said Robert J. Ulrich, Target's chief executive, ''we believe it is appropriate at this time to identify and evaluate possible strategic alternatives, and our board of directors concurs with this direction.''
Because Advanced Micro generates at least 80 percent of its revenues from products that compete directly with Intel's, it is vulnerable to price cuts or performance leaps from its larger rival.
Similarly, Motorola, which ended the regular session down 4 cents, to $7.94, rose as high as $8.50 after hours.
PC Forum, in its 25th year, takes the same approach, mixing executives of industry stalwarts like Microsoft and Intel with aspiring start-ups, venture capitalists and others.
(Mr. Mars says that Wal-Mart's efforts with its law firms have nothing to do with the litigation against the company.)
''I.B.M.
Wal-Mart has begun remodeling its aging stores and has changed how it schedules employees, to bolster customer service at the busiest times of day.
I.B.M.
Amazon has grown rapidly and is expected to post sales of about $1.5 billion this year, but its losses have grown even faster, raising investors' questions about the wisdom of its plan.
The current version can open picture attachments; the final version, Yahoo says, will also let you open Microsoft Office documents, among other enhancements.
Xerox's net worth, at $4.2 billion, is $1 billion above the minimum net worth its banks insist on.
And industry executives cite the inability of cellphone users who subscribe to AT&T Wireless and other services to call these numbers.
Oracle and Netscape Communications plan on Monday to endorse each other's flagship products, with the aim of building a broad alliance intended to counter the attempt by Microsoft to become the dominant Internet software company.
Merck closed Monday at $35.41, up 18 cents, or 0.5 percent.
The company will shut its Prudential Quality Japan fund and PRU PM Wizard fund and return the money to investors.
The Spanish health minister, Celia Villalobos, said today that her government was weighing legal action against Baxter International in connection with the deaths in Spain of 11 kidney dialysis patients who had been treated with filters, known as dialyzers, made by a Baxter unit.
She added that the company's intention was to eliminate policies that ''may be perceived as obstacles or may create hassles'' with providers of health care ''and do not add to Aetna's ability to monitor quality of care and control costs.''
Philips is acquiring only the Micrus Semiconductor plant, not I.B.M.
The deal, announced yesterday, leaves Disney, the News Corporation, Seagram, NBC, Viacom-CBS and other, smaller old-media companies with a stark choice.
Animated Coca-Cola sign in Times Square will be dismantled after 11 years and be replaced by more advanced sign; moves comes as Hershey Foods turns on 15-story animated display at site of its new store at Broadway and 48th Street; photo (M)
Japanese yen falls for third day after Moody's Investors Service says it might downgrade Japan's triple-A debt; dollar rises as high as 142 yen before settling at 141.38 yen, up from 141.24; graph; chart (S)
Tyson Foods Is Sued Over Health Issue
The advertising is an extension of I.B.M.
Two-day slide in shares of America Online reverse as its stock jumps 7.5 percent, to $64.50; shares of Time Warner rise $4.35 to $84 (S)
Procter & Gamble Warns on Earnings and Details Changes
''Management is reluctant to let go of the idea that Coca-Cola is a growth company, but the investment community's expectations for growth have slowly been ratcheting down,'' said Timothy M. Ghriskey, chief investment officer of Solaris Asset Management, which sold its Coke stock in the late 1990's.
But Network Notes joins a growing list of failed forays into the computer business for AT&T.
To Coca-Cola's credit, the makeup of the board has changed recently.
Intel Sharply Rebuts A.M.D.
Mr. Clark, the company spokesman, said that Medtronic was aware of the report but stood by its position that the battery problem had not caused any patient harm.
Mr. Smith of Verizon said he did not worry about customers who may end up paying less under unlimited-use plans than under standard plans.
Mr. Boies read more from the Gateway memo, including an assertion from a Gateway executive that Microsoft's actions were illegal.
Charles Schwab Corp announces lower commissions for online stock trades by all sorts of customers except those not-so-affluent investors on which it built its franchise; starting in June, customers with more than $1 million in their accounts will pay as little as $9.95 to buy or sell shares through Schwab, but customers with less than $100,000 will pay three times as much--$29.95 for each trade--unelss they make more than eight trades each quarter; Schwab's chief executive David Pottruck comments; photo (Market Place column) (M)
Paul Sagawa, analyst at Sanford C Bernstein & Co, is sounding alarm about widening gap between fortunes of telecommunications equipment makers and companies they serve; warns that capital spending by telecommunications companies is likely to grow much more slowly in 2001 than it has last two years; says investors in equipment makers have not faced that reality; lowers his ratings on Cisco Systems and Nortel Networks and warns that many smaller companies could fail to meet earnings expectations; many other analysts who follow these industries disagree with Sagawa, calling his conclusions alarmist and simplistic; graph (Market Place column) (M)
AT&T in Deal To Avoid More At Home Stock
Lacking both the scale to go toe-to-toe with Citigroup and the nimbleness of its investment banking peers, Morgan Stanley remains stuck in an investors' no-man's land.
Bond Trades Far Too Agile Cost Citigroup $25 Million
C V Starr & Co Inc, private holding company owned by American International Group's top executives and managers, is attracting scrutiny over its dealings with AIG; Starr sells specialized insurance policies with AIG's name on them; AIG defends relationship, saying Starr brings business that it would not otherwise have; recently filed brief in lawsuit brought by Louisiana teachers' pension fund gives, for first time, fuller picture of relationship; legal brief shows Starr had operating profit of $47.8 million in 2002 on revenue of $305 million; defense motion shows Starr had net profit of $109 million from 1999 to 2002, on $2 billion insurance generated for AIG; Starr's revenue soared to $368 million in 2003 from $132 million in 1999; lawsuit says AIG, through Starr, engaged in 'rampant unchecked self-dealing'; says Starr exists primarily to increase compensation of AIG's top executives and directors, some of whom are also Starr directors; AIG chairman-chief executive Maurice R Greenberg also heads Starr and is leading shareholder; photo (M)
Warner-Lambert releases some confidential details of its agreement with Pfizer Inc to co-promote Lipitor, successful cholesterol-lowering drug, in what is becoming one of drug industry's nastiest takeover battles; agreement shows how valuable Lipitor is to Pfizer's future performance; Warner-Lambert reiterates that it is considering canceling its co-promotional agreement with Pfizer altogether; some analysts have questioned whether Pfizer may have miscalculated in its attempt to take over Warner-Lambert, especially if company risks losing its take of Lipitor revenue (M)
Decided it was time to commit to Amazon's price of $599.94, only to learn upon arrival at site that it was predicated on signing up for an Amazon Visa card.
There is no discount for buying the products together, nor are I.B.M.
SUBWAY passengers in Atlanta who looked through the dark windows of their moving train yesterday saw glowing full-motion ads for Dasani, the bottled water from the Coca-Cola Company.
The government proposal would place Microsoft's development tools business within the new applications company.
Mariann Caprino, a spokeswoman for Pfizer, said the company's discussions with physicians about FemHRT might have increased as doctors who were curious about the study asked the company's sales representatives for more information.
In fact, some airline specialists believe Taesa crowds the field.
Verizon Information Services was formed by the merger of the directory publishing services of Bell Atlantic and GTE, which combined to form Verizon Communications.
It occurred to me that just as my local store had trained me to look for the brie in the refrigerated case with the ham hocks, Amazon.com had trained me to expect a certain layout in an online store.
The two deals were valued at $369 million in Cisco common stock.
Verizon Communications, the nation's biggest telephone company, will announce today that it is introducing Internet-based phone service to customers across the nation, according to executives close to the plan.
Still, in invoking the AT&T case to justify some of its arguments, Microsoft is in some instances misstating the record.
In April, Corning's bonds were restored to investment grade.
Leslie Moonves, the CBS chief executive, called the deals, in which cable systems will compensate the network for the right to carry its programs, ''a major milestone'' that could result in broadcasters' achieving a long-held goal of creating a regular source of revenue beyond advertising.
Microsoft licensed Java from Sun last December, even though the software giant is also encouraging software developers to write new generations of Internet applications using its own competing technology, called Active X.
It also has twice the speed and nine times the memory of the previous Texas Instruments model.
Assuming the law was on Time Warner's side, ABC would potentially face big advertising revenue losses -- up to $3 million a day, according to some estimates.
Expedited Appeal Proposed by Judge in Microsoft Case
Hoping to increase its share of business from the world's largest telecommunications carriers, Cisco Systems said Monday that it would unveil on Tuesday its fastest-ever router, a device used to direct data traffic over the Internet.
Shares of Northrop Grumman slipped $3.50, to $88.
is said to strongly oppose Apple's attempt to lock up the most profitable market segment.
The deal is reminiscent of earlier credit card acquisitions by Citigroup, including its purchase of the Sears and the Home Depot card portfolios in 2003.
''We'll still need to get some details from General Mills about what they think this does to their top-line growth,'' she said.
But the disclosure of the study contradicts earlier public statements by Pfizer, the world's largest drug maker, about the safety of Celebrex.
Viacom Deal Will Allow Its TV Clips On Internet
Gives AT&T a Green Light on Liberty Media Spinoff
In 2000, shortly after 11 Wal-Mart meat cutters in Texas voted to form a union, the company eliminated meat-cutter jobs companywide and announced that it would use packaged meat instead.
Intel responded to Advanced Micro's aggressive price cutting with deep discounts of its own.
Yahoo, like many Internet companies, has created a definition of operating earnings that it prefers for investors to use, rather than generally accepted accounting principles.
''Underwriting has gotten so frothy that we have to take a stand,'' said Jim Duca, a group managing director at Moody's Investors Service.
The Federal Trade Commission plans to announce today that it has officially approved Time Warner's $6.5 billion merger with the Turner Broadcasting System, according to people familiar with the decision.
Prince, chief executive of Citigroup, and Alan G. Hevesi, comptroller of New York State and trustee of the state's Common Retirement fund, the lead plaintiff in the securities fraud case against WorldCom.
In April, Pfizer, under pressure from the F.D.A., withdrew Bextra and placed severe warnings about heart risks on the label for Celebrex, a sister pill.
Xerox offered no hope for a quick turnaround.
Mr. Daft has said that Coca-Cola is working to settle the employees' lawsuit, whose allegations the company had denied.
Microsoft has committed $500 million to promote Xbox and has said it will release 600,000 to 800,000 of the machines on Nov. 8, in time for the critical holiday shopping season.
Microsoft promises a rebuttal when its lawyers question the witness on Friday.
In the same period, the hotels in the Courtyard partnership grossed about $2.5 billion in sales, and the partners paid Marriott $170 million in fees.
On New Year's Eve, AT&T will start blanketing the airwaves, newspapers, the Internet and thousands of billboards with its redesigned blue globe and the catchphrase, ''Your World.
PeopleSoft warns investors that second-quarter earnings will be worse than expected, blaming Oracle Corp's relentless takeover bid for damage to its business; chief executive Craig Conway attributes expected weak results to widespread publicity surrounding Oracle's monthlong antitrust trial, which adjourned July 1 and will resume with closing arguments July 20; photo (M)
The Government charges that Microsoft illegally moved to thwart competition in the browser market because the browser can serve as an alternative technology to the operating system.
Siemens A.G. of Germany is about to expand into the fast-growing data networking business by forming a new American subsidiary, acquiring two private companies in the United States, investing in a third and hiring a senior executive from I.B.M., executives close to the company's planning said yesterday.
''The broker side was just fantastic,'' said Thomas P. Facciola, a Lehman analyst, who said Morgan Stanley Dean Witter was the only brokerage stock his firm was recommending.
It also fined Microsoft 497 million euros ($665.5 million).
Anyone can buy and sell on this site, but Amazon will guarantee purchases only up to $250.
Motorola May Lose Sales If Nextel and Sprint Merge
The Boeing analysts assumed that the debris was foam insulation that peeled off the large orange external tank.
AT&T has not received the letter and will not comment before it does, said Jeff Roberts, a company spokesman.
If the shares rose in value, AT&T could profit.
And Microsoft also wants to try to insure access to high-speed networks for its other software and Internet commerce businesses.
The union has asked the National Labor Relations Board to file charges against Verizon, asserting that its managers violated the law by soliciting workers to rescind their union pledge cards.
IBM reports solid growth in sales and earnings in first quarter in further sign that corporate spending on information technology is improving; revenue rose 11 percent, to $22.2 billion; profit rose to $1.6 billion, up 16 percent from $1.38 billion year earlier; chief financial officer John R Joyce comments; EMC reports sales and profits in first quarter that are stronger than analysts' expectations; research firm IDC says worldwide personal computer shipments increased nearly 17 percent in first quarter (M)
Mr. Kasky is seeking a variety of remedies, including a requirement that Nike disgorge all its California profits attributable to the challenged statements.
Xerox has set aside reserves in several Latin American countries as a result.
And Mr. Nicholas' vision of Boston joining the ranks of the world's largest, most diversified health care giants like Johnson & Johnson looks hazier still.
Coca-Cola fell $2.18, to $45.25, and Johnson & Johnson fell $3.57, to $87.23.
Bank of America and First Union are warning abut potential write-offs in fourth-quarter related to a single borrower, raising anxiety among investors about possible credit problems at commercial banks; while neither bank would identify the borrower, analysts believe it is Sunbeam Corp (M)
While Coca-Cola ponders how to stimulate Diet Coke sales, the company is moving ahead with the expansion of a sugared, citrus-flavored soft drink brand, Citra, into about half the United States from limited markets last year.
Nike is working hard to insure that the public sees little evidence of the pullback in spending -- which could include $70 million in cuts to United States advertising spending and administrative expenses.
The Regency Hotel in New York, the flagship property of Loews Hotels, is undergoing a $25 million renovation, its first in 10 years.
KPMG concluded that Xerox should have spread the charge over the previous two years as well because that is when some of the Mexican errors were introduced.
Microsoft promised that Windows 95 was more stable and prone to fewer unexpected crashes.
Merck has joined research partnerships in dozens of deals over the last two years, Mr. Gilmartin said yesterday.
A deal would give General Motors a major production foothold in Asia, home of some of the fastest-growing auto markets.
David J. Theroux, president of the Independent Institute, said Oracle had called into question its own credibility.
The brands handled by Foote, Cone in the United States include Clorox, Formula 409 and Pine-Sol.
In a raucous news conference on a sprawling Silicon Valley corporate campus affectionately called Larryland by its inhabitants, Lawrence J. Ellison, the chairman and founder of the Oracle Corporation, today defended his company's yearlong spying operation against Microsoft as a ''civic duty'' similar to investigative reporting by the press.
REDMOND, Wash., Feb. 8 (Bloomberg News) -- The Microsoft Corporation and British Telecommunications P.L.C.
With McDonnell Douglas's expertise from years of building fighters like the F-18 and F-15 Eagle, Boeing inevitably becomes a stronger contender in competitions to build fighters.
When it came down to the wire, Kohlberg Kravis, Bain and Vornado were competing against Cerberus.
Marriott International is expanding its agency roster by naming McGarry Bowen in New York to handle some creative duties in its account.
In Word 2002, Microsoft introduced a feature that offers a limited glimpse of formatting commands to help users who can't figure out why a typeface or other feature looks odd.
But for Northern Trust, which also serves as the executor of John Sengstacke's estate, the immediate issues were settling the estate and raising money to pay the taxes.
''Leakage is an undeniable component of battery consumption,'' said Rob Willoner, a technology analyst at Intel.
But Hasbro officials said they had given warning and noted there was relatively little movement in the stock.
Wachovia Gaining Control of Prudential Brokerage Unit
Mark Turner, a 39-year-old accountant turned software temp who has been at Microsoft since August, explained before the meeting that a mountain of grievances had pushed him and the 15 other workers to back unionization.
But Mr. Sears' departure from Boeing amid a contracting scandal has led some industry analysts and experts on corporate governance to examine his ties to Sprint.
In addition to the price cut, the company announced interest-free installment loans for the phones and overnight rental of units, as well as "videophone booths" in A.T.& T. retail stores.
''The net exposure could be very small,'' said Andrew Collins, who covers bank stocks at U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray and is recommending Citigroup and J. P. Morgan.
A Chevron television advertisement broadcast in Russia whimsically pokes fun at Europe's efforts to diversify its sources of energy away from fossil fuels.
EgyptAir's pilots reported no trouble over their radios before or during the dive, and the wreckage recovered to date has revealed little more than that the great airplane -- a Boeing 767 with a wingspan of 156 feet and a length of 176 feet -- was reduced to bits when it struck the sea.
American General, the Texas life insurer, took an initial step last night toward accepting the $23 billion acquistion offer made by American International Group last week.
's, thought they were buying soaring shares of United Parcel Service; Fogdog, an Internet sports equipment merchant; and Freemarkets, an online auction vendor.
It was Mr. Coughlin who worked hardest to keep the union project -- or at least the idea of it -- alive, according to corporate records from Wal-Mart.
Xerox Is Set to Introduce Its First Household Product
An investigator working for Yahoo filled in a Web page from Golddisk asking to be removed from its list, its lawsuit said.
Mr. Ballmer, who will also join the board, said that the new focus for Microsoft would permit the company to continue the rapid growth that it has achieved since Mr. Gates founded Microsoft with his childhood friend Paul G. Allen in 1975.
Asda Group, British supermarket chain owned by Wal-Mart Stores, and America Online's British unit, AOL UK, acquire 22.5 percent stake in ShopSmart.com, online shopping directory in Britain (S)
The company also sees high-speed cable networks as a way to build upon Microsoft's current Internet businesses, which include providing information, entertainment and commercial transactions via its MSN on-line network.
and Compaq Computer when those two companies engaged in other actions Microsoft did not like.
IBM, which earned over $1 billion last year from licensing its patented research, is giving away some technology in belief sharing can sometimes be more profitable than jealously guarding patents, copyrights and trade secrets; announced in Jan that it would make 400 patents, mainly for software code, freely available to others and announced this month that its future patent contributions to Organization for Advancement of Structured Information Standards, standards group for electronic commerce on Web, will be free; intellectual property strategy is being closely watched throughout business world; John E Kelly, who leads IBM team rethinking how company handles its intellectual property, comments; patents graphs; photo (M)
''Amazon remains confident that one-click is valid.''
Mr. Amelio's speech, before an audience of about 500 shareholders, employees and journalists, was given on his first anniversary of joining Apple, which has seen its stock price plummet and which had a huge $867 million loss in 1996.
Wal-Mart wants in, too.
Nike's enthusiastic new campaign draws some criticism from New York Marathon officials.
Wal-Mart has come under severe criticism because it insures less than half its United States work force and because its employees routinely show up, in larger numbers than employees of other retailers, on state Medicaid rolls.
At Microsoft, much more time is now being set aside in the design cycle of products for security considerations, a mandate approved by senior management this spring.
EBay has projected that those buyers and sellers will use the service to iron out details and provide basic support during the sales process.
Johnson & Johnson's contracts, she said, are awarded after a competitive bidding process and reflect the company's effort to ''respond to customer demand for the highest quality product at the best price.''
Softbank Corp sells five percent stakes in Yahoo and UTStarcom Inc, leaving it with 9 percent stake in Yahoo and 26 percent of UTStarcom; sales raise $164 million; graph (S)
''Chubb has a good group of very experienced people and a culture of being a good underwriter,'' he said.
A Wal-Mart spokeswoman confirmed last night that the company had updated some of its tenant leases late last year to include the language in question but implied that it had been an option all along.
Still, it was not certain that Boston Scientific had delivered a decisive blow in its battle to woo Guidant away from Johnson & Johnson, the diversified drug and health care products company.
''As part of the agreement, Huawei has stopped selling the products at issue in Cisco's lawsuit and will only offer for sale new modified products on a worldwide basis,'' a Cisco spokeswoman, Penny Bruce, said.
VeriSign, which started Web on Sept 15 to make money from millions of misspelled or mistyped Web addresses, finds itself under siege from critics who say it is taking unfair advantage of its privileged position; Internet Software Consortium is offering software patch to counteract VeriSign's service; consortium says it is responding to complaints that VeriSign is commandeering Web's 'mistake' traffic, and routing it to its new site in hope that users will click on advertiser-paid sites offered as alternatives (M)
Yet they insist that its rarefied approach is a luxury that Apple can afford only because it is a niche company accounting for less than 5 percent of worldwide PC sales.
Not surprisingly, executives close to Bell Atlantic and SBC said yesterday that they were somewhat disappointed in the Time Warner deal because it could impede their plans to deliver high-speed Internet service over phone lines.
''But to see us do the venture with Coke and the other initiatives, all of this should provide a very different look at Procter & Gamble.''
Microsoft has quietly shelved a consumer information service that was once planned as the centerpiece of the company's foray into the market for tightly linked Web services.
Rapid Restore Ultra, an enhanced version of the Rapid Restore PC program, comes preinstalled on I.B.M.
When Compaq restored the icons, Mr. Rose said, Microsoft withdrew its threat.
Whether or not Bank of America continues to seamlessly knit together its growing branch network in New York, Boston and elsewhere comes down to one word: execution.
Time Warner Cable yesterday became the first major cable company to introduce a family-friendly tier of programs in response to calls from organizations and lawmakers concerned about offensive programming.
The Nonprofit Fundraising and Communications Group unit of the Omnicom Group said yesterday that it had acquired Changing Our World in New York, a company that focuses on philanthropic consulting.
Since 1997, American Express, which will own 65 percent of the new company, has invested in an array of Internet start-ups, but MarketMile is the company's first standalone e-commerce start-up.
''This is the first ray of light,'' said Scott Penberthy, an I.B.M.
Putting Mr. Turner in charge of CNN, however, would seem to separate CNN from Time Warner's other information properties, which include the Time Inc. magazines and Warner Books.
That will enable Cisco, Nortel and JDS Uniphase to take sales from Lucent even if overall demand is weaker than expected.
Using that technology, it will be possible for Apple to quickly create a system that combines Next and Macintosh.
All eight major full-service United States airlines now work with Priceline, as well as over 20 brand-name international carriers.
To free up the audio and video software market the commission said Microsoft must either unbundle Media Player from Windows and sell it as a standalone product, or it must bundle a rival along with Media Player.
Goodyear Tire Will Restate Earnings Dating Back to 1998
Unions representing more than 86,000 customer service workers and technicians at Verizon Communications continued to wrangle with the company over several issues yesterday, extending a telephone strike now in its 11th day.
SCO sued I.B.M.
Apparently, Time Warner has casual dress five days a week, one America Online senior executive said yesterday with some relief.
A focus group study by Yahoo indicated that 70 percent of American Hispanics preferred to get at least some of their content in Spanish.
At HarperCollins, the company's chief executive, Jane Friedman, said that the planned purchase of Avon and Morrow was the News Corporation's ''stamp of approval'' of the effort to turn around HarperCollins.
Publishers have said that Amazon promoted it as a better way to sell books, by letting shoppers sample them -- as they might in a bookstore.
In an interview, Mr. Henley blamed larger economic conditions for the slower-than-desired revenue from applications, but he also said the rollout of the new applications software, Oracle 11i, introduced last year, ''took longer to sort out than expected.''
The acquisition will give ChevronTexaco access to Unocal's strong oil and gas assets in Asia, one of the fastest-growing energy markets, and will increase its holdings of natural gas, which accounts for about two-thirds of Unocal's business.
First, there is the $675 million breakup fee to be paid by Caremark in cash to CVS, if the target walks away.
Microsoft has released a test version of a new image-editing program called Acrylic, which could compete with Adobe Illustrator and Photoshop.
In 120 years, Chubb, which was a privately held partnership until 1967, has had seven chief executives, all either members of the founding Chubb family or employees who worked their way up.
Comcast's stock has been a strong performer, particularly during the recent chaos on the Nasdaq.
Technology, he said, was a big reason Exxon had some of the industry's lowest discovery costs.
U.S. and State Officials Weigh Microsoft Remedies
Prince is willing to burrow into Citigroup's executive suite in his drive to enforce a culture of accountability at the sprawling financial institution.
Microsoft plans to appeal the ruling in European courts.
Microsoft -- despite its many advantages, including promoting MSN services on Internet Explorer and on the Windows desktop -- has not been able to become a clear leader in any online business.
But some analysts say that Amgen has not come up with significant, truly new products in a long time and they predict that its rapid growth will slow over the next few years.
Texas Instruments makes digital processors in its newest factories or outsources production to foundry companies that regularly modernize their equipment.
To bring the clothing selection up to the level of its higher-income shoppers, Wal-Mart has given more responsibility to its New York design team, Ms. Watts said.
Comcast and Time Warner Cable are starting to reap the benefits from their spending and building spree started in the 1990's.
Counter is the chief negotiator for producers in the talks, the executives who have played the largest roles in the crucial discussions over economics, according to officials on both sides of the table, have been Barry Meyer, chairman of Warner Brothers; Robert Iger, president of Disney; Jonathan Dolgen, chairman of the Viacom Entertainment Group; and Peter Chernin, the News Corporation's chief operating officer.
Red Hat, the distributor of the Linux operating system, introduced a package for computer servers yesterday and said that more than 20 software developers had agreed to support it.
Investors send shares of America Online and Time Warner plunging for second consecutive day; combined market value of two companies is less than before merger deal was announced; AOL and Time Warner are feverishly working to reassure investors that their combination makes strategic sense, meeting with top shareholders, extolling virtues of deal to the press and promising more details about linkups between two companies soon; many shareholders are concerned that Time Warner's lacklackster growth will dampen America Online's growth; combined market value of two companies stands at about $280 billion, compared with total value of $300 billion on Jan 8, last trading day prior to announcement of merger; if America Online's stock falls too far, shareholders may consider acquisition of Time Warner unfair and rebel against it; graphs (M)
This will be the first time Yahoo has introduced a full television show, and the first time a show will be available free on the Internet.
The Nike + iPod Sport Kit ($29, www.nikeplus.com), introduced in July, aims to merge music and performance stats for the data-obsessed.
Microsoft made the announcement after several news organizations, including Time magazine, reported that Mr. Myhrvold was leaving after a falling out with Microsoft's president, Steven A. Ballmer.
Wal-Mart said its prices would be competitive, and a quick scan of a major rival, CinemaNow, suggested the prices would be relatively close.
Mr. Levin said there were discussions with telephone companies to use Time Warner's cable network to deliver local telephone services.
''I think it's going to take off great,'' said Jean Carroll, a supervisor for DDA, the telemarketing company that distributes Verizon's phone directories and answers the  personalized-listings number, (888) 550-1222.
And in a dueling morning news conference, Microsoft -- along with Simon & Schuster, a unit of Viacom and Random House, a unit of Bertelsmann -- will detail the giveaway of electronic versions of Michael Crichton's most recent book, the thriller ''Timeline,'' along with agreements to publish more than a dozen Star Trek titles in electronic form readable only on Microsoft's new reader software for hand-held and personal computers.
Motorola has been here before.
Recent Interpublic acquisitions in nonadvertising fields include Adair-Greene, a health care communications agency; Brands Hatch, a sports marketing company; Capita Technologies, an e-business company; the Cassidy Companies, a public relations agency; NFO Worldwide, a research company; and the Waylon Company, a sales promotion agency.
Among the Viacom networks that will provide programming to Joost are MTV, Comedy Central, VH1, Spike TV, Logo and BET.
''At Target we've been noticing the rise of the fashion-conscious little girl size 4 to 6,'' said Anne Cashill, a trend manager for Target, the fast-growing stylish discount chain.
I.B.M.
America Móvil said it had not yet decided whether to follow AT&T or continue talking with Pirelli, Reuters reported.
Other technology stocks that had finished higher for the day also gave back part of their gains after hours, including Microsoft, the chip maker Intel and the Internet equipment maker Cisco Systems.
And Time Warner's cable systems would guarantee AOL a stake in the market for high-speed Internet connections.
Negotiators from the United Automobile Workers union and the General Motors Corporation held marathon talks today aimed at settling the third big strike this year against the company, but a compromise remained elusive.
''Microsoft's efforts to pre-empt threats to this control will, in part, inhibit the emergence of other potential paradigm shifts'' -- a rerun, the Government warns, of how Microsoft dispatched the first wave of the Internet challenge.
''Everyone knows Intel owns that.
Now, Nasdaq has three of the five companies with the highest value in the country, with Microsoft first, Intel third and Cisco fifth.
Over the last 10 days, Microsoft has responded publicly with blistering criticism of the plan.
So the Ford Motor Company will close its office that focused on marketing to women, which helped develop a minivan prototype that included a washer, dryer and microwave oven (Business Day, Dec. 11)?
MERCK AND VIOXX: THE COMPANY
Mayor Michael R Bloomberg announces that seven major companies, including Macy's and IBM, have joined citywide program to promote businesses owned by minorities and women (S)
Mr. Ellison was in Washington today, testifying against Microsoft's business practices.
Microsoft said it was pleased with yesterday's ruling, while Sun expressed regret.
Called Women Central, the site will feature content from Women.com, the largest on-line publisher of women's material, as well as original material, including Microsoft's own Underwire on-line magazine.
Boeing vice president Michael I Mott defends reports by company's engineers, which concluded that space shuttle Columbia faced no catastrophic safety threat from damage caused by debris that struck its left wing during takeoff from Cape Canaveral on January 15; findings are under intense scrutiny by NASA and investigation board probing breakup of spacecraft on February 2 during reentry into earth's atmosphere; reports used computer modeling techniques to predict area of impact and potential damage to protective heat-resistant tiles; have been criticized by outside experts as incomplete and based on questionable assumptions (M)
For its part, General Motors accuses the auto workers union of not carrying out several promised productivity measures.
Home Depot's Co-Founder, in Surprise Move, Is Retiring
Moreover, Yahoo has been forced to compete with Google, which it admits has better technology for selecting ads to place on a given Web page that will lure users to click on them.
The Justice Department also announced yesterday that it had no antitrust problems with the merger, which would create a new company, to be called Citigroup, with assets of $751 billion and operations in banking, brokerage and insurance businesses.
Cisco Systems Profit Narrowly Tops Estimates
Amid the swirling allegations and counterclaims that surround a racial discrimination lawsuit filed against the Wall Street powerhouse Morgan Stanley Dean Witter by a former employee, one question stands out: Why did the firm pay $10,000 to a police informant involved in the employee's arrest last year?
Over the past few years, Capital One has hinted about its retail banking ambitions.
The focus of any criminal investigation might be on the text messages and the pages transmitted near company headquarters by people who were not Wal-Mart employees; the technician made those interceptions using his own personal radio-frequency equipment.
Now the News Corporation, which acquired MySpace in 2005 for about $580 million, has teamed up with IDG VC, a unit of the Boston-based International Data Group, and China Broadband Capital Partners.
Micky Arison, chairman and chief executive of Carnival, indicated that he thought P&O Princess had dismissed his company's bid out of hand.
The earnings fell sharply from the period a year ago, when Intel earned $3.5 billion.
Milbank has also represented J. P. Morgan and Citigroup in non-Enron matters, as well as nearly half a dozen others on the creditors' committee.
The company's general counsel, Brad Smith, said that would have resulted in Microsoft's distributing 300 million copies of competing programs a year for the next three years.
Under the terms of the deal, Dresser shareholders would receive one share of Halliburton stock for every share they own.
The Microsoft Corporation has said that material in an unpublished book by two business school professors will be a crucial part of its defense in the antitrust trial scheduled to begin next week.
Jones is the senior-most person at the adviser who oversaw the process of interposing a Citigroup affiliate as a transfer agent between the mutual funds and the existing third-party agent and he was responsible for making the presentations to the boards of the funds,'' said Mark K. Schonfeld, director of the S.E.C.
Correction:  November 12, 2003, Wednesday  An article in Business Day on Monday about a report from a consulting firm, A. T. Kearney, saying that suppliers would have to invest millions to comply with Wal-Mart's policy on electronic tagging of merchandise, misstated the name of the firm's parent.
In the first quarter, nearly a fifth of Yahoo's $282 million in revenues came from Overture listings.
Not everyone at Aon was O.K.
But the company says it still cannot satisfy its demand for coal and has asked regulators to allow a rival of Union Pacific to share its tracks.
About the same time, A.T.& T., which has been running newspaper ads attacking MCI's reliability, announced that some 10,000 small-business customers recently converted their combined $140 million of "800" service to A.T.& T.
''It's a tough political environment at Oracle.''
Citing Cancer, Chief Resigns At McDonald's
Frank Casanova, director of Apple's research lab and an accomplished stage presence, drew wild applause from the throng in the Moscone Center as he demonstrated a new suite of software technologies.
David A. Munro, an assistant attorney general who worked with I.B.M.
That clue should reveal the retailer's identity: the Target division of the Target Corporation, which as its trademark uses -- you guessed it -- a target.
According to the Gartner Group, Apple's market share has risen to 4.6 percent, from 4.3 percent, in the United States in the last year.
Microsoft said it would continue to appeal the antitrust ruling, which could take several years.
It features whistle-blowers who describe Wal-Mart managers cheating workers out of overtime pay and encouraging them to seek state-sponsored health care when they cannot afford the company's insurance.
In the fourth quarter of 2005, Yahoo's earnings were buoyed by $408 million in accounting adjustments relating to the sale of its Chinese unit and some tax changes.
A Bank of America spokeswoman said, ''We actively are helping wherever we can with the investigation.''
Citigroup Chief Speeds Up Succession Plan
Dr. Santanello's biggest mistake probably came on Wednesday when she briefly claimed Merck had conducted three clinical trials on humans to examine Vioxx's effects on blood after a large clinical trial in 2000 raised questions about its risks.
General Electric's former chief executive John F Welch Jr and Jack Connors, co-founder of Boston advertising firm Hill Holliday are exploring possibility of making offer to buy Boston Globe from New York Times Co; Connors calls speculation about talks with Welch 'very premature'; Times spokeswoman Catherine Mathis says Globe is important asset and company has taken many steps to improve its performance; photo (M)
Priceline.com says losses widened and sales plunged in fourth-quarter, throwing company's viability further in doubt; company had $228 million in revenue, down from $341 million in third quarter; loss was $105 million, compared with loss of $199 million in third quarter; chairman Richard S Braddock comments (M)
and Microsoft into new forms of cooperation.
Opinion is divided on whether I.B.M., which sold all its Endicott real estate but leases land for its operations there, remains a good neighbor or has become a disengaged corporate parent.
By last year, that company, Google, had usurped Yahoo as the No.
Google has asserted that Microsoft's next Web browser typically steers users to Microsoft's search service, limiting consumer choice and potentially hurting Google, the leading Internet search engine.
And in another sign of the times, BeautyBank is selling the Flirt line not only at Kohl's but at a retailer at the other end of the price spectrum, Bergdorf Goodman.
With Intel taking the position that it was not a monopoly, F.T.C.
Verizon Communications Inc withdraws its application to offer long-distance communications services in Massachusetts, fearful that petition will be rejected by federal regulators (M)
Mr. Smith, 59, had been at Comcast for 18 years and John Alchin, 58, for 16 years.
The ruling is the second in four years involving tax breaks that the United States granted to 6,000 exporters, including Boeing, Microsoft and General Electric, initially under the Foreign Sales Corporation program and subsequently under the American Jobs Creation Act.
Documents showing Microsoft's financial support for those groups were later cited in articles in The New York Times and The Wall Street Journal.
Microsoft has so improved video compression that even full-screen movies started streaming within seconds of being clicked on and never lost a frame even when I simultaneously downloaded a 40-megabyte file.
Yahoo's business from premium services like enhanced e-mail messages, online dating and Web sites for small businesses grew but not as fast as advertising.
After laying off 30,000 workers during an early 90's slump, Boeing hired 32,000 new workers in just 18 months.
Mr. Miller has said publicly that he will file for bankruptcy by Oct. 17 at the latest, when bankruptcy laws change, unless General Motors, Delphi's former parent, and the United Automobile Workers union agree to what would be a multibillion-dollar bailout.
Yahoo has a dial-up service, with some of these features.
Now MCI's board is in the uncomfortable position of calling Qwest's bid superior, yet sticking with its deal with Verizon.
The News Corporation signed a deal to license the brand for its popular online social networking site and allow local Chinese entrepreneurs who understand their market to pick and choose to build an indigenous business.
Bill Gates, Microsoft's chairman, said the companies decided to put their rivalry behind them more than two years ago, when Jeff Hawkins, a Palm founder, visited Microsoft to discuss a development and marketing agreement.
They also noted that neither Mr. Case nor Mr. Levin would say precisely when they would open AOL's instant messaging service to competing systems, or when Time Warner would begin offering rival Internet service providers access to its cable systems.
So where, Intel asks, has the consumer been harmed?
So far, the CVS chain and other drugstores say the Wal-Mart program has not hurt them.
The proposed $67 billion megamerger between AT&T and BellSouth requires the scrutiny of regulators, in particular because it would continue the rapid reconsolidation of the old AT&T monopoly.
New this year are links that take you directly to H&R Block tax advisers, who will answer your tax questions by phone or e-mail or in online chats.
In several places, the brief says, Microsoft objected to a portion of the government's proposed remedy while failing to mention another portion that addressed the company's concern.
While I.B.M.
AT&T is considering absorbing its two-year-old Latin American subsidiary and retiring the unit's publicly traded shares, people close to the company said yesterday.
Airbus and Boeing are busy trying to outdo each other with planes that seat hundreds of passengers.
European Commission said that although it has talked informally with Microsoft Corp about its latest operating platform, XP, agency is not conducting formal investigation (S)
Wal-Mart's problems are not limited to Germany.
After adjusting for currency gains, I.B.M.
To get a foothold in the tool business, Amazon bought Tool Crib of the North, a large discount mail-order tool catalog that has an Internet site.
A look at the magazine's rate card suggests that a retailer like Target, which has advertised steadily in The New Yorker since 2003, would pay a bit under $1.1 million for the ads.
Boeing is also concerned that an order it is expecting to get from China during President Clinton's state visit there later this month will be smaller than the company had hoped.
One union member was arrested today for harrassing a Verizon manager at a company building in Manhattan.
''Kodak's digital business should be growing as fast as we are,'' he said.
Motorola Inc and Nokia Corp file federal lawsuit in effort to reclaim about $3 billion owed to companies by Uzan family, owners of Telsim Mobil, Turkish telecommunications company; suit states Uzan family defrauded companies in violation of Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (S)
Indeed, the consensus of the First Call Corporation, which tracks company earnings, had already dropped to 82 cents from 89 cents a month earlier when Kodak issued its earnings alert yesterday.
Anne M. Mulcahy, Xerox's president, said that if losses from this business and the cost of getting out were factored out, Xerox would show a profit for the year.
''I get a virtual extension of the Oracle sales organization,'' he said.
To keep customers from defecting, Verizon and SBC Communications are starting to sell digital programming to complement their phone and broadband services.
More than 5,600 people gathered at an AT&T office building here on a sun-drenched morning to munch hot dogs, swap tales about cyberspace and watch as AT&T flipped the switch on its new Internet-access service, called Worldnet.
Yesterday, AT&T closed at $56.75 a share, down 25 cents; Comcast closed at $66.1875, up $2.5625, and Mediaone closed at $69.50, up $2.5625.
The Navy, which considered and rejected competing bids for Newport News from General Dynamics and Litton Industries in 1999, has wanted to cut costs in its nuclear submarine program.
Article on San Jose-based Flextronics Inc, world's second-largest company in industry known as electronics manufacturing services; industry, which assembles things like personal computers and various consumer gadgets, got little notice until January, when Swedish telecommunications giant Ericsson announced that it would turn over its factories and manufacturing operations entirely to Flextronics in deal that could be worth as much as $5 billion per year; many high-technology companies, including Ericsson and Microsoft Corp, have abandoned manufacturing, and Flextronics has thrived by filling void; graphs; photos (M)
It has won awards from more than a dozen magazines and is now used by Yahoo and Netscape to augment their category-based Web site directories.
The appointment of Mr. Skinner, who has been at McDonald's for 33 years, comes at a time when the company has begun a turnaround by adding more health-conscious and light alternatives to a menu that had begun to be criticized as being too high in fat.
is leading a price war in which it, Ford Motor and Chrysler are all offering interest-free financing on their vehicles, inflating sales but narrowing profit at a time when there is no shortage of red ink.
The commission has accused Microsoft of withholding important information about Windows from rivals in order to give its own server software an advantage.
Steven A. Ballmer, Microsoft's chief executive, was scheduled to unveil the product today at The Wall Street Journal's ''D: All Things Digital'' conference in Carlsbad, Calif.
He owns more than five million shares of Morgan Stanley stock, worth about $500 million.
''Nike's goal is to reach a point where labor practices can be tested and verified in much the same manner that financial audits determine a company's compliance with generally accepted accounting principles.''
Charles A. Gargano, chairman of the Empire State Development Corporation, declined to discuss details of Citigroup's plans.
Before the announcement today, Sean Maloney, who joined Intel in 1982 and runs the communications group, had also been mentioned as a candidate to succeed Mr. Barrett.
Last month, Interpublic hired Goldman, Sachs & Company to seek bids for NFO WorldGroup, a marketing research unit, and has received initial bids estimated at up to $575 million.
Sun Microsystems, lawyers say, is probably the most likely to file a private suit against Microsoft.
Michael G Cherkasky, new chief of Marsh & McLennan, used to be prosecutor in district attorney's office in Manhattan, at one time supervising Eliot Spitzer, who is now New York attorney general; says his relationship with Spitzer has always been good one, but plays down his good relations with Spitzer, even though he is now leader of firm that has been charged by Spitzer's office with bid rigging and taking kickbacks from insurance companies; photo (M)
Nina Tassler, the president of CBS Entertainment, said that ''Smith'' was not the victim of networks looking for quicker results.
The major British cable companies had earlier signed up with the Oracle Corporation -- a Microsoft rival -- for the operating systems to be used in the digital television set-top boxes that would essentially be the gateways into peoples' homes for the projected new cable services.
The strong quarter comes as Oracle continues to pursue its hostile takeover of PeopleSoft, which acquired J.D.
An Apple executive, Avadis Tevanian, testified last year that Microsoft had designed Windows so that Quicktime, Apple's audio-video software, would not run properly.
To be sure, a sale of the asset management unit would not represent the beginning of the unbundling of Citigroup.
But it also said last week that this did not necessarily mean General Electric would have to sell its control over the leasing company.
Finally, they contend that certain steps taken by Microsoft as part of its campaign to protect its monopoly power, namely tying its browser to its operating system and entering into exclusive dealing arrangements, violated Section 1 of the Act.
Just how far I.B.M.
Evercore held a closing dinner on April 30, a day before News Corporation's bid was announced, to celebrate Dow Jones's acquisition of the 50 percent stake in Factiva that it did not already own.
Hoping to close the books on its role as lead banker to WorldCom, Citigroup yesterday agreed to pay $2.65 billion to investors who bought stock and bonds in the telecommunications giant before its bankruptcy filing two years ago.
For Sun, a computer maker and software company that has been struggling along with the dot-com and telecommunications industries, offering an inexpensive alternative to Microsoft's products is an effort to find new customers.
DEC. 28 -- I figured how to find which user name the new network would accept: send messages from @Home to my old and new user names at comcast.net.
The Comcast bid is expected to ignite a takeover fight, as Disney and Michael D. Eisner, its chief executive, seek to keep the company independent, and it could inspire other suitors to emerge.
may well be of interest to investors and many others outside the company, I.B.M.
Some patient groups hailed Aetna's decision, saying it should have been made long ago.
BP is the third largest, after Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch/Shell.
Shares of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals lost more than half their value yesterday after the company reported that its obesity drug produced only a small weight loss in its first large-scale clinical trial.
Microsoft contends that the remedy should be limited largely to the specific illegal conduct, cited by the appeals court, that it used to promote its own browser, Internet Explorer, over Netscape's.
Under the terms of International Paper's offer, Champion shareholders would receive $43 in cash and $21 in shares of International Paper for each share of Champion.
''One of the reasons I was attracted to her being in this post is that enforcement actions had a high-water mark under her regime,'' said Cyrus Mehri, one of the lawyers representing plaintiffs in the suit against Coke.
But Kodak should rethink the decision to pursue printers and printing.
General Motors and its main Chinese joint venture partner sign $108 million accord to take control of auto factory in Yantai, China (S)
Hundreds, maybe thousands, of Good Guy computers were secretly programmed by the Bad Guys to use their Internet connections to attack prominent Web sites like Amazon.
For example, in a second commercial, an actor portraying the anchor of a newscast is watching a mock news conference on a monitor in which an actor portraying a consumer advocate denigrates the "dramatic savings" offered by an AT&T rival.
With its corporate comeback gaining momentum, Apple Computer Inc. introduced a powerful notebook computer yesterday intended for the consumer market -- a machine that breaks new ground in the personal computer industry for both its industrial design and its use of wireless technology.
The Cola-Cola Company is expanding its relationship with Berlin Cameron/Red Cell in New York, part of the Red Cell division of the WPP Group, by awarding added duties to create campaigns in North America for its flagship Coca-Cola Classic brand, an assignment the agency has handled since early last year.
Citicorp and Travelers Group Inc designate management team to run merged companies, to be called Citigroup; John S Reed of Citicorp and Sanford I Weill of Travelers will be co-chief executives, but Travelers executives secure more of top leadership spots and are best positioned to stamp their company's identity on merged concern; Jamie Dimon of Travelers is named Citigroup president, making him clear heir apparent for top post; Weill has put together strong cadre of talented loyalists, while Reed has periodically reshuffled or ousted prominent senior executives (M)
Nike's Air Max Craze, a model released in February, has a strap for a heel and a zipper over the laces.
Micron would also pay $200 million for a 15 percent interest in Hynix's other plants.
Time Warner and Comcast's total bid was $17.6 billion -- $12.5 billion in cash and the balance in warrants for stock that Time Warner plans to issue in a newly formed cable company.
In the end, Sister Eisner said, the city was won over by Merck's promise to provide hundreds of high-paying jobs.
Now they are hoping that by banding together they can be better positioned to face increasingly aggressive competition from Microsoft.
In addition to the ads that will run on the pages of the Aug. 22 issue, there will also be a Target ad under the flaps that wrap the covers of the issues to be sold on newsstands.
Although Citigroup's retail banking division contributes around 20 percent of the bank's profits, its earnings have been growing faster compared with most of the company's divisions.
Mr. MacNaughton's first job at Prudential, in 1955, was as an associate legal counsel.
Morgan Stanley, which is based in New York, drew criticism from some shareholders two years ago for holding its annual meeting in London, a rare instance of an American company's taking its meeting abroad.
Mainstream marketers like DaimlerChrysler, General Motors, Mars, McDonald's, PepsiCo, Pfizer and Visa have started buying significant commercial time on reality TV shows.
''Long Island is a wonderful market,'' Marge Magner, head of Citigroup's domestic retail operations, said during a teleconference with reporters and Wall Street analysts.
Samantha Turner -- 28, in urgent need of a winter coat -- walked up to the window of the Gap store on Lexington Avenue in Manhattan one night this week and shook her head in confusion.
The documents showed that the room in San Francisco, which Mr. Klein says was off-limits to most employees but serviced by a company technician working with the security agency, contained computerized equipment that could sift through immense volumes of traffic as it passed through the cables of AT&T's WorldNet Internet service.
PeopleSoft, of Pleasanton, Calif., has repeatedly said that a merger with Oracle would seriously reduce competition in the market for specialized business software that automates tasks like payroll, accounting and inventory management.
Time Warner's board has given Mr. Bronfman a deadline of Sunday to finish reviewing the music division's books and complete his offer, the people involved said.
I.B.M.
In reporting the main findings of the Medal study yesterday, Merck said that patients on Arcoxia had significantly fewer stomach and liver problems than those on diclofenac.
Officials at Apple's headquarters in Cupertino, Calif., did not respond to several telephone requests for comment on its architectural plans.
There are various channels of information, extensive use of sound and moving pictures, commercial interruptions and programming developed within Microsoft and by outside sources.
But Mr. Rose testified that the consumer unit did not realize that more senior Compaq executives had already agreed to include Microsoft's browser and on-line software on the Windows desktop.
Measuring the added value created in exploration and production, the study put Total atop a list of 11 oil companies for achieving slightly less than 15 percent returns on investment, ahead of BP, which acquired Amoco in 1998 and Atlantic Richfield in 2000, and Exxon Mobil, both with 14 percent.
Honeywell people were used to a more relaxed, Midwestern and courtly management style.
I.B.M.
As James Hoopes, a professor of business ethics at Babson College, puts it, the new technologies enable Wal-Mart to manage its labor from the top down in ways that Frederick Winslow Taylor, the classic managerial efficiency expert of the first mass-production era, could only dream about.
And Wall Street investment bankers say they have not yet detected any signs of the Microsoft deal machine rumbling into motion.
''This is not AOL or Vivendi,'' said Steven Rattner, a managing principal of the Quadrangle Group, a private investment bank that is advising Comcast.
Pfizer also said that it expected Warner-Lambert to renew the agreement over Lipitor in 2002 because no other company has the same history with Lipitor or marketing expertise as Pfizer.
With the service, Amazon joins Yahoo, Google and many other companies in offering the electronic equivalent of the yellow pages.
Analysts said the decline in Biogen reflected general weakness in the biotechnology sector as well as the loss of Ms. Sato.
It was the first time since 1994 that Wal-Mart had failed to exceed expectations, and investors punished the stock, sending it down $2.44, or more than 4 percent, to $55.52 a share.
''We're going to keep investing through this downturn,'' said Steven P. Jobs, Apple's chief executive.
In his keynote speech here, Mr. Amelio declared that despite its recent announcement that it would lose $100 million to $150 million in the quarter that ended on Dec. 27, Apple was still in a strong financial position, with the company's cash position remaining around $1.7 billion.
Mr. Wantz bought his first Apple Macintosh when his son was still an infant, and now he and Toby were at the head of a quarter-mile-long line of faithful Mac-heads waiting to hear Apple's new chief executive, Gilbert Amelio, deliver a crucial keynote address to the Macworld convention, which began here Wednesday and will end Saturday.
Salvation Army Receives $1.5 Billion From Estate Built on McDonald's Franchises
If they decide that the bid is superior to the $20.50-a-share offer from Verizon, then MCI will give Verizon time to respond.
While it may seem unlikely that Mr. McLeod will be able to push around a corporate titan like AT&T, stranger things have happened on the increasingly bizarre battleground of intellectual property, trademark and copyright law.
Chevron, meanwhile, is betting on Unocal's growth potential to help it increase production and add to its global reserves.
So it is with General Motors.
Federal Trade Commission says it will not oppose proposed $14 billion acquisition of McDonnell Douglas Corp by Boeing Co (L)
A suit filed by Microsoft argues that Lindows infringes on the Windows trademark to trade on its ''fame and good will'' and that consumers will be confused by the similar-sounding product names.
I.B.M.
Going into the critical holiday shopping season, Amazon.com said yesterday that it would slow its investment in new technology in a bid to start reaping the rewards of its continuing growth.
The business must now build its own financial support staff, and provide other services it had always received from Corning -- and would presumably have received from a buyer like Newell, which makes Anchor Hocking glassware and Miro cookware.
Since October, Mr. Weber, a partner with the Jones Day law firm, based in Cleveland, has been in the California Superior Court in Santa Clara, trying to show that no link exists between the I.B.M.
Correction:  November 2, 2002, Saturday  An article in Business Day on Tuesday about companies that have started billing customers for monthly paper statements misstated the fee charged by American Express to small merchants that want them.
Nike Inc is in middle of advertising campaign this week in New York City that tries to capitalize on proud urban tradition of preaching from street corners to promote company's products during 30th running of New York City Marathon, which will take place on Nov 7; officials of New York road Runners Club, sponsors of marathon, are not thrilled with campaign (M)
One large shareholder, T. Rowe Price Associates, which owns about 29 million Citigroup shares, said it did not see corporate governance problems at the bank.
Microsoft still hopes to settle the case.
Mr. Wooley pointed out that customers at a Starbucks in downtown Austin can get a free signal from the Schlotzsky's in the same building, well within the 300-foot range typically needed for a signal.
American Express is also forecasting a smaller increase in 1998 over 1997 in car rental costs, which constitute 8 percent of total travel expenses; the company says rates will rise 5 percent to 6 percent, compared with 4 percent to 7 percent in the first half of this year.
Microsoft insists that such thinking represented the old Microsoft.
In the meantime, AMD, Intel's chief rival, has had strong sales in its competing products.
AT&T Netware Connect Services will be jointly marketed, initially in the United States; AT&T will market the service directly, and Novell will sell it through its dealers and distributors.
''Right now, Microsoft's strategy is to go after all the corporate account space,'' Mr. Wall said.
Wal-Mart bought Asda in 1999.
With help from his financial adviser, Lazard Freres & Company, Mr. Roberts agreed to sell an 11.5 percent stake in Comcast.
Both AT&T and Comcast have begun to open their cable systems to at least some outside Internet providers, a move that will probably lead to friendly treatment by regulators and antitrust authorities.
Moody's said that its move was in response to Fiat's operating performance, particularly at the battered automobile division, its high debt levels, and the likelihood that Fiat, even after shedding its car business, would still not merit an investor grade rating.
William Clay Ford Jr, Ford Motor Co chairman and chief executive, asserts that credibility gap on environmental issues has eroded America's love for cars, speech to industry management conference, Traverse City, Mich; says he wants to 'lower the temperature' of industry's often-contentious relationship with California regulators; photo (M)
SEATTLE, July 11, (Reuters) -- Microsoft said today that its quarterly revenues would be higher than expected, but said it would record $2.6 billion in investment losses.
The combination of America Online and Time Warner would create a colossus that could force competitors from the Walt Disney Company to AT&T to Microsoft to reconsider their strategies.
For one thing, he said, large business customers build major internal applications using Oracle's data base, so switching to competing products is not a casual choice.
Mr. Semel tried several ways to differentiate Yahoo from Google.
Indeed, I.B.M.
The 747, the largest commercial airplane on the market, is most popular on Asian routes and is also Boeing's most profitable model because after 30 years in production its development costs have long since been written off.
''The dragonfly lands on something for only a second and then goes away,'' said Annamarie Sandecki, director of the archives of Tiffany & Company, whose designers have often been inspired by the insect.
The product name alone has drawn Microsoft's wrath: Lindows.
For while Sony is reportedly losing money on each machine it sold this year -- money it hopes to recapture with software sales -- Microsoft is planning a computer so powerful that it will dwarf not only the power of the PlayStation 2, but also many of the most powerful desktop computers selling for many times the price.
The two new computer-related companies are Microsoft and Intel, now ranked fourth and fifth.
But Michael J. Wilson, a lawyer for the agents, asserted that Allstate had devised a termination plan that it expected would mostly push out older agents.
MICROSOFT'S MEMORANDUM IN SUPPORT OF ITS MOTION FOR SUMMARY REJECTION OF THE GOVERNMENT'S BREAKUP
Among the rainmakers pursued by competitors has been Stephen R. Munger, chairman of the bank's mergers and acquisitions department, who has been approached by Merrill Lynch, Goldman Sachs and others, according to bankers who have been briefed on the situation.
Mr. Ivester, appearing at a separate news conference in Brussels, surrounded by security staff, translators and executives, reacted to criticism that Coca-Cola was slow in responding to the crisis.
The Hughes Electronics Corporation, the satellite television unit of General Motors that owns DirecTV, has moved closer to reaching a deal with the News Corporation that would create a global satellite network worth as much as $70 billion, according to executives close to the negotiations.
Mr. Grove, 61, will remain a full-time employee as Intel's chairman.
Interpublic Group Combines Two Units
Apple's board began looking into options practices in June, joining more than 100 other companies, including many in the technology industry, that were investigating the backdating of stock options to inflate their value.
Google's free classified listing service, Google Base, is already competing heavily with eBay, with more than 185 million items for sale, and now Checkout threatens to take market share from PayPal.
The ads were signed by the president of Coca-Cola France, Daniel Malcorps, and the president of Coca-Cola Enterprises in France, Dominique Reiniche.
They say the bank is well prepared for rate increases and that, absent extreme inflationary pressures that would cause unexpectedly large rate spikes, Citigroup should benefit from a rebounding economy.
Halliburton justified the acquisition by saying that the larger, unified company could bid for huge projects, build them at a fixed price and still make money because of the efficiencies and savings the transaction would bring.
''I think what they're doing is very intelligently spotting an opportunity within Intel's strategy that they can exploit.''
He said that fewer than one-tenth of 1 percent of calls to the Campbell's consumer hotline concerned genetic engineering.
THE Interpublic Group of Companies suffered another series of setbacks yesterday to its efforts to regain its footing.
Among the tantalizing questions on the eve of the Farnborough air show is whether any airline will announce plans to buy Boeing's behemoth.
EBay, the online auction site, has altered a recent decision to increase fees.
Yet only yesterday did Time Warner's cable division and AOL, its Internet division, agree to do just that.
Unlike conventional Internet services, the AT&T-Novell service is supposed to include directory services and security measures intended to insure that messages reach only their intended recipients and that unauthorized individuals do not gain access to the network.
In 2001, if its option grants had been treated as expenses, Amazon would have lost $963 million, rather than the $567 million loss it reported.
Mr. Amelio said that the company's return to sustained profitability would now not come before the end of its fourth quarter, two quarters later than he had earlier suggested, and that Apple would revamp so as to break even on annual revenue of $8 billion, down from $9 billion.
New York State Atty Gen Andrew M Cuomo is investigating whether employees at Best Buy, Circuit City and First Data provided nonpublic data to hedge fund traders; is also examining how third-party research firms, including Gerson Lehrman Group and Vista Research, obtain their information (M)
But NBC, a unit of General Electric, moved ''Frasier'' from Thursdays to Tuesdays this year.
Microsoft said it was reviewing the ruling.
The customer replies, ''Verizon.''
Much of the rental activity is conducted by companies like Netflix, CafeDVD, QwikFlicks and DVD Avenue, all of which let customers choose their movies from Web sites, but deliver them as DVD's through the mail.
A.T.& T. and the Mitsubishi International Corporation said yesterday that they had agreed to settle their legal dispute over the intrusion last year into Mitsubishi's private United States telephone system by computer "hackers" who made thousands of illegal long-distance calls.
What he means is that by this time next year he wants Cisco to be deploying phone systems based on Internet technology rather than on traditional communications systems.
''We don't plan on doing anything different,'' said Brenda Raney, a spokeswoman for Verizon Wireless in Bedminster, N.J., owned by Verizon Communications and Vodafone, referring to the ads the company runs, created by Lowe & Partners Worldwide in New York, part of the Partnership division of the Interpublic Group of Companies.
''Intel's revenues are slowing because they have slashed prices,'' said Michael Slater, publisher of the Microprocessor Report, the industry newsletter that sponsored today's conference.
Motorola has chosen a highly regarded outsider from Silicon Valley, Edward J. Zander, over its popular second in command to succeed its retiring chairman and chief executive, Christopher B. Galvin.
But income from regular operations excluding the one-time charges was 84 cents a share, 1 cent better than projected by the consensus estimate of I.B.M.
Along with the breakup plan, the government has proposed a long list of rules that would modify Microsoft's conduct.
Pfizer said in a statement that the request for more information might push back completion of the deal to early next year, having informed the markets that the deal would close by the end of the year.
Intel's net loss included a $106 million charge resulting from the company's decision, announced last month, to end its three-year, money-losing venture as a host of Internet sites.
Goldman Sachs's 15 percent stake in Archipelago makes it the largest shareholder among Wall Street banks and the fact that Mr. Thain, a former president of Goldman, approached his former employer to advise on the deal has raised questions from competitors.
By the time such software is widely available, perhaps six months from now, and by the time a critical mass of Internet Web sites have set up new features to take advantage of the added power, Intel will have switched to a new manufacturing process that will greatly increase the speed of future Pentium III's well beyond the current levels.
Verizon, meanwhile, has the financial wherewithal to buy both MCI and Qwest, yet it is also in the driver's seat legally.
Microsoft has denied allegations by critics that Windows XP presents many of the same antitrust problems identified in the lawsuit.
The Oracle Corporation, seeking to solidify its lead in the database market amid persistent competition from I.B.M.
Amazon is said to be shopping for partners to offer more apparel on its Web site.
For now, Wal-Mart's message to investors and customers appears to be the same as the one on the signs in its renovated stores: please excuse our appearance -- and performance -- while we are under construction.
Advanced Micro Devices has begun to ship computer chips based on advanced manufacturing process that is being used to build next generation of processors; Advanced Micro is trailing rivals Intel and IBM in making shift to new 90-nanometer manufacturing process, which makes it possible to put more transistors on single chip or shrink size of existing chips, effectively increasing performance while lowering prices (M)
Thomas J. Pincince, senior analyst for Forrester Research Inc. in Cambridge, Mass., said: "We expect within the next six months AT&T will be well on its way to becoming the dominant Internet access provider.
Intel typically expects 3 percent to 14 percent growth for the quarter.
The Oracle Corporation reported earnings today that met the lowered projections the company warned Wall Street investors about two weeks ago.
It was renamed Citigroup.
But Mr. Boies showed that some people involved in the first agreement, with Microsoft, were also involved in the second one, with America Online, and he said that it was odd that they did not know of this conflict.
Wal-Mart operates stores in 13 countries, including Brazil, Japan, and England, but foreign sales represent just $64 billion, or 20 percent, of its more than $300 billion in annual sales.
Campbell Soup Co warns that its earnings in current quarter and fiscal year will be significantly lower than analysts' expectations because sales of soup were depressed by unusually warm weather in November and December; fiscal year results are expected to suffer (M)
Mr. Purcell, who is one of Wall Street's longest-serving chief executives, is still seen by many of Morgan Stanley's bankers and traders as a Dean Witter man at heart.
''It is a business that has a tremendous health care finance business in the United States, and General Electric has the leverage to expand this across Europe with its GE Medical subsidiary.''
Our judgment is that other software companies will respond to Microsoft and get going.''
Coca-Cola Co returns to 'hunk' theme by airing television commercial for Diet Coke that tells role-reversal tale about women ogling hunky man (S)
A News Corporation spokesman declined to comment last night.
Merck did not admit wrongdoing.
Apple also warned that Harmony might not work with future versions of the iPod software.
A new restraint the Government will likely demand is that Microsoft not be allowed to give its own on-line products like its Carpoint Web site, an auto retailing service, or its Expedia, a travel reservations site, preferred placement on the operating system's default desktop.
New rules that allow people to change mobile phone companies while keeping their numbers send surge of customers into cellphone stores around country some stores see more than tripling of traffic; photo of scene at Verizon store in San Francisco (M)
Jeremy Rifkin, director of the Foundation on Economic Trends, an opponent of biotechnology, joined with family-farm groups worried about price declines and other organizations in a national campaign to keep the Monsanto hormone out of the marketplace.
Oracle said it had retained the detective firm in June 1999 to investigate the Independent Institute of Oakland, Calif., a free-market policy institute that had just placed full-page advertisements defending Microsoft -- signed by 240 academic figures and portrayed as reflecting independent views -- in The Washington Post and The New York Times.
Apple Computer Inc has ended its strategy of attempting to grow through cloning of its Macintosh computers, agreeing to pay $100 million to purchase Macintosh business of Power Computing Corp, its largest licensee; Apple will acquire technology and take on some employees as well as direct marketing and build-to-order capabilities of Power Computing; Power Computing will retain its name but will now focus on market for so-called Wintel computers, which use Intel chips and Windows operating system; graph (Market Place column) (L)
Interpublic Group of Companies will restate its financial results back to 1997 because it improperly accounted for $68.5 million in expenses; attributes restatement to transactions between units of company involving European operations of McCann-Erickson Worldwide Advertising; chief financial officer Sean Orr says new management is in place in McCann Europe (M)
It is a business that Yahoo dominates, and one in which Google -- the leader in search-based text advertisements -- has failed to gain much traction.
''Yes, business was weak to begin with, though things were actually picking up before the Sept. 11 tragedy,'' said Jessica Reif Cohen, a media analyst at Merrill Lynch, who reduced her estimates for the News Corporation weeks ago.
A malicious computer program aimed at the most recent versions of the Microsoft Windows operating system rapidly spread around the world over the Internet yesterday, infecting tens of thousands of home computers and corporate networks.
Chambers also said that Cisco is experiencing some of the problems that come with explosive growth.
Pepsico says it is studying possible conversion of some bottling operations into separate publicly traded company, a move that would make it fiercer competitor to Coca-Cola Co; announcement by Pepsico's chairman and chief executive Roger A Enrico is seen by analysts as confirmation that Pepsico plans to create major national bottler similar to Coca-Cola Enterprises (M)
Comcast, the cable company, announced yesterday that its two longtime chief financial officers would retire next year and will be succeeded by an executive from a private equity firm.
All told, Carnegie took in more than two million Mattel shares, many of them from institutional investors.
Citigroup had about $8.4 billion in lending exposure to Brazil, Argentina and Mexico at the end of last year's third quarter.
''The bottom line is that Aetna is essentially getting this business for free,'' said Jack Reichman, a health insurance analyst at Standard & Poor's, the credit rating service.
But the dialogue stops on the subject of Verizon's consultant.
Among them was Cline Davis & Mann in New York, part of the Omnicom Group, which had created Viagra campaigns since Pfizer introduced the drug in 1998.
The team starts the day by scanning newspaper articles and television transcripts that mention Wal-Mart.
What I'm talking about is whether or not you've had discussions with people within Microsoft in which you talked about the need to undermine Sun, using those words, if that will help you, within Microsoft?
Corporate executives live in fear of what happened to the Coca-Cola Company.
''We are patient,'' John Alchin, a Comcast executive vice president and co-chief financial officer, said in a telephone interview on Friday.
In part to try to overcome the perception that it lags in innovation, Amgen spent several hours in March in a New York presentation to analysts, outlining virtually its entire drug pipeline.
Bank of America and FleetBoston Financial announced yesterday that they would combine to create a consumer banking giant with branches from Maine to California.
Russia's third-largest oil company, Surgutneftegaz, retained Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Company as an adviser on how to proceed with a plan to consolidate its subsidiaries with the holding company.
In its latest tweak at America Online, the Microsoft Corporation announced today that it would release a computer protocol to enable subscribers of competing instant-messaging services to communicate with its own customers.
You might stroll down a wide hallway decorated with scenes from Detroit -- Tiger Stadium, the Ambassador Bridge over the Detroit River, the city skyline, and the longtime headquarters of General Motors.
Zhang Yin has become one of world's richest women from Nine Dragons Paper recycling business, which collects waste paper from United States and ships it to China; Los Angeles-based venture America Chung Nam is top American exporter to China; Zhang hopes to challenge global paper giants International Paper, Weyerhauser and Smurfit Stone; photo (M)
The idea is to find additional outlets for products and to help Procter better understand where the Internet is headed.
By the time the transition is complete, computer users will also be able to choose from Itanium-based offerings from numerous other computer vendors, including I.B.M.
Corning Reports $4.76 Billion Loss, Citing Write-Offs
''We love the Beatles, and it has been painful being at odds with them over these trademarks,'' said Steven P. Jobs, chief executive of Apple Inc., who is widely known as a huge fan of the Beatles' music.
has already put out for bid several hundred million dollars of services now provided by AT&T under a contract that expires around the end of the year.
Another issue, said Mr. Coughlin, who will absorb Mr. Orr's duties after Mr. Orr leaves Interpublic, is ''lost credibility with shareholders'' stemming from repeatedly missed earnings estimates.
The computer system was under attack by a rogue program called SQL Slammer, which affected servers running Microsoft software that had not been updated with a patch -- issued months ago -- to fix the vulnerability.
Microsoft's earnings report last week offered cause for concern on that score.
Serious About Research, Microsoft Makes Time for a Game
In its settlement with Sun, Microsoft agreed to pay $1.6 billion to settle a private antitrust suit and resolve intellectual property claims.
Seated in the expansive but spare corner office that once belonged to William S. Paley, CBS's founder, he exudes comfort with his role as sole head of a public company since CBS was split from Viacom at the beginning of the year.
And while Marsh & McLennan has a commanding presence in financial services, Sedgwick brings the combined company expertise in marine and energy coverage, from oil-drilling rigs to the suppliers of drilling equipment.
Nintendo of America is expected to offer free wireless Internet access for its Nintendo DS portable game system at McDonald's restaurants; customers will be able to play select DS games with other players around world (S)
Oracle, he said, was mainly interested in acquiring PeopleSoft's corporate customers and switching them to Oracle's competing software.
Five months after pledging to invest $2 billion in ImClone Systems and its new cancer drug, Bristol-Myers Squibb said yesterday that it wanted to ''fundamentally restructure'' its relationship with the company, including changing its top management.
Asset management businesses now trade at price to earnings multiples that approach or even exceed 20 times, a valuation that far exceeds Citigroup's own depressed price earnings ratio of just under 12 times its earnings.
The consent decree was signed in a room behind the judge's bench about 1 p.m., the time Ms. Grossman and Morgan Stanley's lead lawyer, Emily Nicklin, were scheduled to make their opening statements.
Motorola Unifies Global Advertising
Deal to Take I.B.M.
Yet so driven has Google been in its pursuit of new markets that at least a few in Silicon Valley are using an epithet to taunt Google that people here once reserved for Microsoft: ''The Borg,'' a reference to an army of creatures in ''Star Trek: The Next Generation'' that took over civilization after civilization with machinelike precision.
Kellogg officials said that about 27 percent of its advertising budget in the United States aims at that age group.
State of the Art column describes new product designed for computerphobes, NetPliance.com's i-Opener Internet Personal Access Device, a stripped down computer that could be used in kitchen; says despite its shortcomings, i-Opener embodies so many clever ideas, and has so much promise, that it could eventually become precisely sort of non-Windows information appliance that Microsoft Corp alluded to in defending itself against charges that it operated a monopoly; drawing (M)
Other Microsoft executives said that only the company should have the right to determine what is part of their operating system.
Shannon Curley, an analyst at Banc of America Capital, a unit of Bank of America, said Aon had been losing brokers to competitors and that they had been taking business with them.
Former Monsanto executives said that while they felt confident of the new food's overall safety, they also recognized that bioengineering raised concerns about possible allergens, unknown toxins or environmental effects.
Demonstrating that its ambitions are not tethered to the wired world, the Microsoft Corporation said yesterday that it had agreed to pay $600 million in cash for about 4 percent of Nextel Communications Inc., a big national provider of wireless communications.
Ms. Hill is also on the compensation committee of Albertson's, the grocery chain, where she is determining the pay for the chief executive, Lawrence R. Johnston, who is also a Home Depot director.
John C. Malone won his walking papers from AT&T yesterday as the company announced that the Internal Revenue Service had cleared the way for AT&T to spin off Mr. Malone's Liberty Media Group in a tax-free deal.
New on-demand services -- which include arrangements between CBS and Comcast and between NBC and DirecTV -- are pitched as TV-based alternatives to the growing availability of TV programs that can be bought individually on the Internet or as downloads for iPods.
Beyond pushing Qwest to renew its bid, Deephaven could also benefit if Verizon -- sensing that shareholders might reject its deal with MCI -- raised its bid further.
By her own account, Ms. Jackson has spent about 50 percent of her time over the last year building up Gap Inc.
Q. Microsoft Word has the largest share of the word processing market over all, but not within the legal profession, where Corel's WordPerfect is the leader.
Technology Briefing
At least seven Saatchi New York employees who remained after the walkout have been promoted; some of them worked on other General Mills brands that the office handles, including Green Giant vegetables and Progresso soup.
Intel, the world's largest computer chip maker, is pushing forward with a new wireless technology that it says it believes can bring extremely high-speed Internet access to American homes, a promise once offered by fiber optic networks.
Mr. Allen, in a message to all of AT&T's 303,000 employees, lashed out against what he called "relentless" and "inaccurate" news coverage and defended  his business judgment, his salary and his empathy for the "painful results" of AT&T's job cuts.
Oracle Leader Calls Microsoft Spying 'Civic Duty'
Mr. Knight's pledges did not include increased wage, a major complaint of critics who say that Nike and other American companies pay workers in China and Vietnam less than $2 a day and workers in Indonesia less than $1 a day.
Both Sun and I.B.M.
Japan is by no means the only target in Starbucks' corporate strategy.
US House approves Bill granting reprieve from fees that threaten to drive small Internet radio companies out of business; bill, which has not yet been passed by Senate, would let operators of Internet radio companies that make less than $500,000 pay artists and labels percentage of their revenue instead of flat per-song fee; larger Internet radio companies, like America Online or Yahoo, and midsize companies, like Live365, will still be required to pay fees set in June; both recording industry and Internet radio companies have challenged those fees; Rep F James Sensenbrenner Jr introduced bill in September that would have delayed payments for all Webcasters by six months, move that helped spur deal reflected in House bill; photo (S)
Mr. Mays, 48, is in charge of design at the Ford Motor Company and an effusive design champion, in contrast to Detroit's usually low-profile designers.
After the plunge in value of its WebMD investment, News Corporation is not eager to buy back half of the Health Channel.
Kohl's avoided costly last-minute price cuts, unlike most other apparel retailers.
It lost money in the fourth quarter, in good part because Danka Business Systems, the ailing distributor that bought Kodak's copier sales and service operations in 1996, had fallen behind on payments for Kodak equipment.
Excluding one-time gains -- most notably a $3.3 billion profit from the sale of the QVC Shopping Channel -- Comcast lost $153 million in the third quarter of 2003.
In the 1999 period, Goodyear, which is based in Akron, Ohio, had operating profit of $47.6 million.
''Microsoft's alternative is to roll back the calendar on everything in the operating system, whether it's Internet-related or not.''
''This is not going to return Apple to a high level of profitability,'' said David Yoffie, a professor at Harvard Business School.
But Boeing and others are buying.
For Cisco, now is not the time to relax.
Currently, banks wishing to provide electronic services to consumers using Intuit's popular Quicken personal-finance software have had to operate through Intuit's bill-processing subsidiary, the Intuit Services Corporation.
A prominent speed meter on the Netflix page tells you which version you'll get.
According to a person close to Microsoft, the merger discussions grew out of technology talks between the companies.
Apple Computer announced on Monday that it had completed a swift transition to computers based entirely on Intel processors.
Prince, a longtime lieutenant of Mr. Weill, invoked an image of Citigroup yesterday as a troubled corporate giant rising from the couch after a grueling round of psychotherapy, noting that the Worldcom settlement offered the bank ''closure.''
'' Meanwhile, Mr. Auletta -- who suggested that the trial had irreparably harmed Microsoft's image -- said he had not yet heard from Mr. Gates.
Market Place; Some analysts think Kodak won't cut deep enough today.
In a ''statement of objections'' presented to Microsoft in August, the commission said that the company had abused its monopoly power by withholding technical information that rivals needed to allow their software to run smoothly with Microsoft's industry-standard Windows operating system.
All three stores want to stand apart from Wal-Mart, which has distinguished itself with its pricing.
And in making acquisitions to increase its direct-selling capabilities, as well as to expand in interactive toys, Mattel may have paid too much, some analysts say.
Yet more than one-third of the electricity sold in the state by the companies now being demonized used to be controlled by Pacific Gas and Electric and Southern California Edison -- until the utilities were required to sell power plants as part of deregulation.
The documents referred to a second location, in Atlanta, and suggested similar rooms might exist at other AT&T switching sites.
Shernaz Daver, Netflix's vice president for corporate communications, points out that while people within a single Netflix Friends network can see information about others' movie preferences, that's as far as it goes.
Microsoft's version of that protocol is flawed, and could be used to gain control of the target machine.
The move by the World Wide Web Consortium puts the group squarely behind Microsoft in a patent-infringement lawsuit that the company is losing so far.
Exxon Mobil executives declined to be interviewed.
Microsoft Sees Software 'Agent' as Way to Avoid Distractions
case was in part a result of conflicts of interest because chief accountants at the agency formerly helped Waste Management in its restatement of earnings that led to the investigation.
After last week's Federal appeals court hearing on the Justice Department suit, William H. Neukom, Microsoft's vice president for law and corporate affairs, said: ''This case involves a fundamental principle for us, the freedom of high-technology companies to continue to innovate on behalf of our customers.
So far Citigroup has stood by Mr. Dantas, despite speculation that the bank is looking for a way out of its investment in CVC/Opportunity.
As I jiggled him on my lap while balancing my laptop on my knees, he, like millions before him, succumbed to the ineffable lure of Microsoft Word.
In an interview last week, Brad Smith, who was tapped to become Microsoft's new general counsel, said he was hopeful that a settlement could be reached in Europe.
Linux is finding new acceptance based largely on an endorsement of the technology by I.B.M.
The approach by Bertelsmann came even as EMI continued to explore ways to salvage the deal with Time Warner that was scrapped in October amid mounting regulatory disapproval.
ImClone Systems is expected to reject demands of Bristol-Myers Squibb to restructure their $2 billion partnership because it would eviscerate profits ImClone would receive from its cancer drug, Erbitux; Bristol-Myers has demanded that ImClone change deal announced last September in which it paid $1 billion for 19.9 percent stake in ImClone and agreed to pay $1 billion more for rights to sell Erbitux; ImClone's application for drug was rejected by Food and Drug Administration in December (M)
Citigroup gives him a salary, bonus and stock options valued around $40 million a year to advise on strategy, which he does in an imposing Park Avenue office next to that of Sanford I. Weill, the company's chairman and chief executive.
Since announcing its new Power Mac G4 line of desktop computers on Aug. 31, Apple has received more than 150,000 orders.
In being colorful, the new notebook echoes Apple's popular iMac desktop model, introduced last August, which comes in five colors.
The Razr was largely the creation of Mike S. Zafirovski, who was brought in from General Electric in 2000 to revive Motorola's handset business.
For Sony, the importance of the PlayStation 3 extends beyond its battle against Microsoft.
In addition, Citigroup said yesterday that its Citibank subsidiary would report a $130 million loss in its corporate banking business because of about $240 million of after-tax losses related to Russia and about $100 million in after-tax losses related to the decline in the value of its bond holdings.
For the first few decades of the digital age, Microsoft's top goal was to get computers into as many homes as possible.
''We are pleased,'' she said, ''that the court agreed with the department that Microsoft abused its monopoly power, that it violated the antitrust laws, and that it harmed consumers.
Mohammed al-Jibouri, head of Iraq's oil agency, says his agency has been trucking in gasoline and other fuel to Iraq for considerably less money than Halliburton, which has so far received more than $700 million from Army Corps of Engineers to stave off shortages there; Congressional Research Service report earlier this month warned that Corps of Engineers might be paying too much to import fuel; disclosures support assertions by Democrats Reps Henry A Waxman and John D Dingell that Halliburton may be overcharging American taxpayers and Iraqis; lawmakers send letter to Lt Gen Robert B Flowers, head of Corps of Engineers, asking him to look into price disparity between Iraqi agency's imports and Halliburton's; letter also notes new information released by corps that most of money to buy fuel has come from fund established by United Nations meant to provide humanitarian aid to Iraq; fund is under American control; photo (M)
''But Wal-Mart is helping us.''
In his first public appearance since his appointment as chairman and chief executive of the Coca-Cola Company last week, M. Douglas Ivester announced no major changes yesterday in the strategy of the company.
Boeing said yesterday that demand for its narrow-body planes, especially the latest version of the 737, the world's most popular commercial jetliner, remained strong.
Over all, Marriott International stock has roughly tripled since 1987, including the value of several spinoffs.
In addition, Apple was unable to make enough of its new Powerbook 1400 notebook computers to meet demand, resulting in a backlog of $200 million.
But in recent weeks, General Motors agreed to release EchoStar from its PanAmSat obligation in exchange for a quick end to the deal, people close to the negotiations said.
When Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani, a political ally of Mr. Murdoch, tried to solve the Fox News Channel's problem by transmitting it on one of the city-owned, public-interest cable channels known as Crosswalks, a Federal judge slapped him down.
HSBC Holdings decides to unite its disparate assignments at agencies owned by WPP Group; bank spends about $600 million per year on advertising, direct marketing and other methods of communicating with current and potential customers; decision is blow to Interpublic Group, which since March 1999 has had assignment of creating ads for HSBC that appear in mainstream media (M)
Adobe, based in San Jose, Calif., is the maker of Acrobat, the leading program for sharing documents, as well as desktop publishing and photographic software for use by graphic design professionals.
Yahoo, the No.
''If the game console makers want to own the living room,'' Mr. St. John said in a subsequent telephone interview, ''they're in a better position to own it than Intel.''
THE push by the Procter & Gamble Company to improve the creativity of its advertising accelerates today with a campaign for one of its most important products, Pampers.
Yahoo offers a yellow pages search that Google does not, and Yahoo hopes that this and other information that is specific to geographic areas will give its search service crucial advantages.
Mr. Anderson had been in failing health for several years, said Barbara Reinike, the director for community relations at Lockheed Martin, the successor to Lockheed.
Under the agreement reached with Guidant, Johnson & Johnson will be able to make use of any advances made by Guidant in how the stent is deployed, using a balloon catheter, but not Guidant's plain metal stent, called the Multi-Link Vision.
At the moment CBS has ordered only one new comedy, though it may decide on others for later in the television season.
Two, the Interpublic Group of Companies in New York and Grey Advertising in New York, are adding to their interactive operations with an alliance and an acquisition.
Mr. Sullivan filed the brief after Pfizer, which acquired Warner-Lambert in 2000, asked the court to throw out the case, arguing that Dr. Franklin had not proved that the company violated the law.
Under one proposal long favored by the states, as an example, Microsoft would be forced to license the source code for the Windows operating system to other companies, which would create competition.
I.B.M.
In addition to the overtime concession, Verizon agreed to a bilingual salary differential, in which workers who do jobs that require more than one language will receive 3.5 percent more pay, people close to the talks said.
As important, however, the bank is also expected to predict that investors would be receptive to buying only a fraction of AT&T's shares.
In fact, Merck has been defending its influence on its Medco unit in a long-running battle with plaintiffs' lawyers who are seeking class-action status.
United Auto Workers sets strike authorization votes at all Ford Motor Co plants for Aug 17, in preparation for Sept 14 expiration of national contracts with all auto makers; most labor and auto officials say strike is unlikely; holding votes at all plants in same day is unusual, reflecting both anger at Ford and union split over extent to which it should try to block Ford from spinning off auto parts operations; workers at other auto makers will vote around same time (M)
But state officials said such a compromise would allow Microsoft to continue to use its Windows operating-system monopoly to overpower rivals.
Mr. Luke and other analysts point out that so far Intel has had little success getting into the cellphone microprocessor market, which is dominated by Texas Instruments Inc. and Qualcomm Inc.
I.B.M.
Few concrete plans were made that day, but Microsoft executives insist that a direction was set.
Boeing Chief Wants McDonnell but Not Old Rivalries
In an unusual promotion aimed at women ages 18 to 49, the Kimberly-Clark Corporation, the maker of Kleenex, and TNT, part of the Turner Broadcasting System division of AOL Time Warner, are collaborating to capitalize on the impulse to use tissues to wipe away tears of joy or sadness while watching films.
The vote came after a furious lobbying battle by Wal-Mart and by labor and liberal groups, and is likely to encourage lawmakers in dozens of other states who are considering similar legislation.
As of this evening, there had been no reports of intruders having exploited the flaws, but Microsoft announced that the problems had prompted plans for a major change in the security design of its Windows operating system and the Internet Explorer browser that it recently integrated into Windows.
Microsoft hopes the xBox, scheduled for a fall 2001 introduction, will provide competition to the Sony Playstation and other leading consoles, for which Electronic Arts already makes titles.
The publishing executives said Amazon had asked them to keep the plan confidential until the start of the service, which was scheduled for the fall.
The Microsoft local guide has attracted more than 100 advertisers, both local businesses from restaurants to psychics and national advertisers like Barnes & Noble Inc. and Club Med.
The organic revenue growth of 0.3 percent in the second quarter was the first for Interpublic since the first quarter of 2001, before the advertising industry recession began.
While Acxiom would not comment on the Nordstrom mailing, Allison Marr, an Acxiom product manager, acknowledged that the company does not verify the e-mail addresses in its database, most of which are bought from other companies that have collected the information from customers.
As many as 340 current and former Morgan Stanley women share $40 million.
Correction of Oct 20 article on Coca-Cola Co's settlement of antitrust case in Europe regarding market share of its rival
Although the restructuring plan may not be enough for Gilbert F. Amelio, Apple's chairman and chief executive, to renew investors' faith in the company, ''he's got to do something,'' said Tim Bajarin, a computer analyst with Creative Strategies in Cupertino.
However the plane is financed, Boeing executives predicted that it would not be much of a threat.
He also filed a brief in the case against Motorola.
Likewise, Microsoft's Xbox game console, although it started slowly, gradually began to wear down the Sony PlayStation's lead in that market.
Yesterday, AT&T announced the top executives who will report  to Mr. Schacht and Mr. McGinn.
James Fallows, a writer at The Atlantic Monthly who once worked at Microsoft to try to improve the value of Word for writers and editors, said he could not recall a single instance in which he accepted the advice of Word's grammar checker.
Joseph P. Williams, who as a Bank of America executive in the 1950's came up with a revolutionary forerunner of all national bank credit cards, died on Nov. 8 at his home in Atlantis, Fla.
Texas Instruments' new graphing calculator comes with 30 programs and connects to PC via USB; photo (S)
Microsoft Corp begins huge campaign to woo millions of computer programmers to use its new generation of Internet software tools; outcome of campaign will partly determine shape of competition in software industry in next several years; competition's focus will be shifting to so-called Web services--clever software that opens door to offering new level of computerized automation and convenience to companies and consumers; Microsoft and rivals, like IBM and Sun Microsystems, are scrambling to supply businesses with these services, which will allow computers to share data across Internet and, when so programmed, handle all kinds of tasks without human intervention; Anders Hejlsberg is chief architect of C# computer language for developers, crucial part of new Microsoft initiative; chairman Bill Gates is scheduled to speak to thousands of software developers in San Francisco, and chief executive Steven A Ballmer will speak to thousands more in Chicago about new software tools; photo (M)
For the year, Citigroup posted net income of $17 billion, or $3.26 a share, down about 5 percent from $17.85 billion, or $3.42 a share, in 2003.
And I.B.M.
Mr. Hughes visited Seoul just a week after General Motors said it was merely interested in making a substantial investment in the Korean automaker.
In one long room is the polished aluminum fuselage of a Boeing 767.
Travelers bound for Western Europe can probably expect delays and inconvenience if Clinton Administration orders large numbers of troops to Balkans; many troops and tons of cargo will likely be airlifted on civilian planes; current NATO bombing campaign in Balkans is exacting growing toll on travel industry; Carnival Corp says conflict is hurting its cruise bookings to eastern Mediterranean, causing cancellations that would likely affect its earnings; Celebrity, owned by Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd, and Costa Cruises, owned by Carnival, say they will change some of their itineraries because of fighting (Business Travel column) (M)
Whether Wal-Mart Stores is making profit on its $4 drug program two months into program remains unclear; company has begun charging $9 for some prescriptions in states that have unfair-competition laws against selling products below cost; it is still unclear whether $4 drugs are disrupting drug retailing and helping generate significant new customer traffic--or instead mainly giving break to people who are already Wal-Mart customers and can spend their pharmacy savings in stores' other aisles; photos (M)
Pfizer is suing in Delaware to have the fee ruled illegal, and it could be an interesting fight.
''We're hearing a lot behind the scenes about new customer wins for Intel during the next nine months,'' said Richard Doherty, president of Envisioneering, a computer industry consulting firm in Seaford, N.Y.
Among other technology losers, Qualcomm fell $7.44, or 11.8 percent, to $55.63, and Cisco dropped $2.06, or 8 percent, to $24.
The responses by the companies suggest that the agency, in an effort to find patterns that could identify terrorists, sought records from major long-distance providers like the former MCI (now part of Verizon), AT&T and Qwest, but did not ask for data on local calls.
Intuit's 2002 version of Quicken and Microsoft's updated Money offer several new features for business-related software users; photo (S)
Mr. Semel has outlined a new strategy for Yahoo, which had 219 million users in December, focused on shifting away from dependence on Internet advertising to services for which users or businesses will pay a fee.
The deal represents a shift in McDonald's film studio alliances.
In a brief speech, Samuel J. Palmisano, I.B.M.
Microsoft determinedly fought the long-running antitrust suit by the Justice Department and 18 states mainly over the issue of product design -- the ''freedom to innovate,'' according to a Microsoft slogan.
Every major automaker except Ford Motor reported sales increases last month, evidence of an economic recovery that helped propel the stock market today.
For Time Warner, AT&T and other prospective competitors, though, the moment in Rochester has yet to actually arrive.
Also part of the deal, Microsoft will purchase a 29.9 percent stake in Telewest Communications P.L.C., a British cable TV company.
In some markets, Motorola has also taken advantage of slower growth at Nokia, the world's largest handset maker, whose market share is about twice as large as Motorola's.
But Microsoft's potential advantage, analysts say, is its ability to link its cellphone software to its desktop PC software, a Microsoft stronghold.
But ad executives uninvolved with the campaign said it was the largest ruckus they had ever seen from a guerrilla marketing stunt, and Turner Broadcasting, a unit of Time Warner, scrambled to apologize.
I.B.M.
Chicago Board Options Exchange and American Stock Exchange opt for old-fashioned market brawl by listing options for Dell Computer Corp, which for years have been traded exclusively on Philadelphia Stock Exchange; two win huge market share on first day of trading; nation's leading options exchanges are facing new challenges from electronic trading systems and regulatory inquiries into anticompetitive practices; Philadelphia Stock Exchange strikes back by listing options in Johnson & Johnson, IBM, Coca-Cola and Apple Computer--stock options that traded primarily or exclusively on Chicago and American exchanges (M)
Microsoft's strength is low prices, high volume, packaged software.''
Yusuf Mehdi, a Microsoft vice president, said the company's service would have greater appeal to advertisers and ultimately would make more money for Microsoft.
Walkout by 86,000 workers of Verizon, nation's largest telecommunications employer, develops into one of largest and most unruly strikes in years, raising questiuons about company's preparation for contrct talks and its handling of walkout; management was distracted for first six months of year by completion of merger of Bell Atlantic and GTE, which created Verizon; was eager to embark on huge advertising and promotional campaign to establish new brands; photo (M)
But by early the next year, they had struck a compromise with Marsh and Aon, the two giants in the industry, that established the current conditions in the business -- on request, the brokers would identify the insurers with which they had these agreements and ''make a reasonable estimate of the revenue generated.''
Will AT&T stand alone as a telecommunications company?
Even so, companies like Cisco and Juniper Networks, which make the equipment that runs communications networks, continued into the autumn to surge on the carriers' spending.
Doctors said yesterday that sildenafil citrate, the ingredient in Pfizer's impotence pill, had proven effective in a clinical trial as a treatment for pulmonary arterial hypertension -- extremely high pressure in the artery carrying blood to the lungs.
Those people who own Time Warner would want to own a Time Warner-type company and not to own AOL.''
Citigroup's profit, excluding special charges, beat analysts' estimates, rising 27 percent, to $3.1 billion, or 67 cents a share, from $2.4 billion in the period last year.
The decision, effective Oct. 1, came after a four-month review that had been narrowed to Western and three other finalists: Creative Media Inc. in New York, owned by the Omnicom Group; Long Haymes Carr in Winston-Salem, N.C., also owned by Interpublic, and West Wayne in Atlanta.
It is in the server market that Intel has had its sharpest decline in market share.
Exxon and Mobil have been conducting bids for the stations but have not said what will happen to the existing dealers.
Basil E. (Buzz) Hargrove, the Canadian auto union president, put Magna on the agenda last week in the opening contract talks with DaimlerChrysler Canada Inc., General Motors of Canada Ltd. and the Ford Motor Company of Canada.
Bob O Evans, computer scientist who in 1960's led development of new class of mainframe computers -- famous 360's -- helping turn IBM into data-processing power, dies at age 77; photo (M)
Allergan, a company best known for eye-care products and its Botox antiwrinkle therapy, said yesterday that it had offered a $3.2 billion combination of cash and stock to acquire Inamed, a leader in breast implants and the fast-growing market for antiobesity devices.
Airbus predicted Wednesday that an average of 830 new passenger aircraft would be built each year for the next two decades, and that its new A380 jumbo plane would be so successful that Boeing would be forced to develop a competitor.
Though both companies declined to comment, the drop in WebMd's stock would appear to be a disappointment both for News Corporation and for James Murdoch, the younger son of its chairman, Rupert Murdoch.
General Motors will stop making, at least for now, two of its renowned 'muscle cars,' Chevrolet Camaro and Pontiac Firebird, because young buyers who once chose those cars have turned to sport utility vehicles and trucks, or car-truck hybrids; will also shut down Canadian plant that makes cars; will take $300 million pretax charge to its earnings as result of move; 1,100 blue-collar workers at plant, and 300 that had already been laid off, will be eligible for early retirement; GM will keep them on payroll and provide benefits for up to three years if workers take early retirement; photos (M)
Boston Scientific, based in Natick, Mass., has been suffering for more than a year on Wall Street for the unexpectedly rapid adoption in 2004 of Taxus, its drug-covered coronary stent.
He was one of a dozen brokers and managers from offices in Garden City, Boston and New York dismissed by Prudential late last month for their role in improper fund trading.
The two companies also need to reach terms on the roles that Citigroup's leading fund managers would play under new management at Legg Mason.
But he said that Yahoo did cooperate with the creation of Google's news service, which includes articles on Yahoo's news channel.
The McDonald's campaign is to extend far beyond television, radio, print, outdoor and interactive advertising to include events and promotions meant to surprise consumers as well as help remake the experience inside the stores.
Oracle's plan differs by being more comprehensive than any single competitor's technology.
For example, Mr. Shapiro was friends with Mickey Kantor, the United States trade negotiator who would eventually be named a Monsanto director.
In the regular trading session, I.B.M.
States pursuing stiff antitrust sanctions against Microsoft Corp are preparing to rest their case, clearing way for what is expected to be month of testimony by Microsoft witnesses who will urge Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly to apply lighter touch; it appears increasingly likely that her decision may rest on question of whether consumers would have choice in PC operations today if Microsoft had not violated antitrust laws to maintain its Windows monopoly in mid-1990's (M)
On Sunday morning tickets for the return engagement of Nathan Lane and Matthew Broderick in ''The Producers'' went on sale as part of a weeklong offer to holders of the American Express Gold Card, an increasingly common promotion favored by many Broadway productions (not to mention American Express).
Target chain, nation's third-largest discount retailer, says it will stop selling cigarettes because it costs too much to keep them out of hands of minors; other retailers are also concerned about growing burden of new state and Federal regulations intended to curb teen-age smoking; two largest discount chains, Wal-Mart Stores and Kmart, say they will continue to sell cigarettes; drugstore chains are are most likely to follow Target's lead, so they can position themselves as health care providers (M)
Unlike the airlines, which require documentation like a doctor's note before issuing a refund for an unused ticket, American Express has no formal policy on how restaurants should deal with diners who plead illness or an emergency.
Microsoft's multibillionaire founder had been a Congressional page, but he had never testified on Capitol Hill.
The Sony Corporation cut the price of its PlayStation 2 video game machine to $150 Tuesday to match the competition from Microsoft's Xbox as it moved ahead with its plans to challenge Nintendo as a maker of hand-held game players.
In a twist on the Google media company maneuvers, Viacom has a separate nascent venture with Google, in which Google distributes video clips from MTV and other channels across the Internet to any Web site that might like to carry them with advertising.
''We are aware of the situation and we are cooperating with authorities,'' said Shirley Norton, a spokeswoman for Bank of America.
's approval so that we can get about the business of providing the overwhelming benefits the merger represents to consumers, to the economy and to the public interest,'' AT&T said.
Mr. Halbower of Deephaven said that if Qwest showed interest in reviving its bid, worth $9.8 billion at the time it was withdrawn, MCI shareholders would be encouraged to reject the Verizon-MCI agreement.
Pam Becker, a spokeswoman at General Mills in Minneapolis, confirmed a report this week in Adweek that the two other agencies had been asked to work on Golden Grahams, which has been handled for the last year by Campbell Mithun Esty in Minneapolis, a shop owned by top managers and the Interpublic Group of Companies.
Johnson & Johnson, the medical products giant, has indicated to the Guidant Corporation that it wants to renegotiate a lower price than the $25.4 billion it agreed to pay in December, two people involved in the talks said.
As of last week, Morgan Stanley owned $1.6 billion in commercial paper, with the rest presumably already repaid by Lucent, people close to the situation said.
The General Motors Corporation is pushing Delphi, its auto parts maker, out of the nest and into its shareholders' portfolios on Friday.
Exxon, based in Irving, Tex., has been known for its attention to cost control and financial efficiency.
's inclusion of former Xerox and current KPMG executives, which was reported yesterday in The Wall Street Journal, is very much an outgrowth of the highly publicized cases involving Enron, Global Crossing, Tyco and other companies.
An executive from Medtronic acknowledged that each manufacturer decided when to publicize a problem.
Also, in recent months courtroom battles over Boston Scientific's patents and technology -- most notably with its giant rival in stents, Johnson & Johnson -- have raised questions about the company's ability to enhance its current Taxus line.
An OgilvyOne sibling, Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide, has created traditional advertising for I.B.M.
M. Douglas Ivester, Coca-Cola's chairman and chief executive, said in a statement that ''the worst is behind us'' and predicted improvement in the second half of the year and next year.
Replying to a request from Morgan Stanley's board to halt their campaign, the dissident group criticized the board for not grasping the importance of the talent exodus, saying that the board's letter to them ''demonstrates their failure to understand the crisis of confidence in the leadership of the firm's C.E.O.''
That helped lift earnings in Citigroup's consumer finance business nearly 40 percent.
's Computer Science Laboratory -- who was initially on Microsoft's witness list but was later dropped -- had testified in a deposition that he considered the browser an application program, separate from the operating system.
McDonald's is joining with DreamWorks Animation SKG to create promotions based on studio's film characters, including Shrek (M)
The start of its high-speed Internet service lifted Yahoo Japan's performance as it recorded sales of broadband equipment to BB Technologies, a Softbank company, which will in turn sell the kit to subscribers to its asymmetric digital line.
Amazon has been able to revive its growth in the United States, which had stagnated in 2001 while rapid growth continued overseas.
''But we will consider the case a success if Dell, Compaq, Gateway, Hewlett-Packard and the other PC manufacturers feel they can put software on their machines that competes with Microsoft's products without fear of retribution.''
At first glance, the cooperation might seem counterproductive for Microsoft, since the effort will produce a free alternative to Microsoft's own programming tools.
The offer from Verizon follows similar proposals by other regional telephone giants, like SBC and BellSouth.
Mr. Cohen reduced his per-share profit estimates for the current quarter by 1 cent for Coca-Cola and 2 cents for Coca-Cola Enterprises, the company's biggest bottler.
A little more than a year ago, the judge in the French case, Licra v. Yahoo, shook the mahogany desks of lawyers around the world when he reaffirmed an earlier ruling that Yahoo, based in Santa Clara, Calif., had violated French law by allowing French citizens to view auction sites displaying Nazi memorabilia.
The letters ''IPG'' are the symbol under which Interpublic shares trade on the New York Stock Exchange.
''Our six partners are all among Nike's top 20 accounts,'' he said.
Finally, he dismissed CBS's claims that he damaged the company financially, saying that advertising for his program was ''completely sold out'' in the months before he left CBS.
For all the attention Microsoft's antitrust confrontation with the Justice Department has received, for all the headlines and all the commentary on the subject, it often seems that the Government is stepping into what is essentially an intramural spat within the software industry.
Johnson & Johnson said that its treatment for schizophrenia, Risperdal, had become the most frequently prescribed antipsychotic drug.
Mr. Murray said that Microsoft was in the United States Tax Court trying to recover $10 million of taxes paid in a dispute over this issue.
His mother, Karen Brady, who testified on his behalf during the 10-day trial before Judge James Orenstein of United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York, said in a recent interview that Wal-Mart's decision to reassign her son was baseless.
Boeing said it had commitments for 22 more MD-11's and planned to deliver the last plane in February 2000.
In a speech to hardware and software developers here today, Mr. Otellini, general manager of the Intel Architecture Group, promised that Intel would ''continue to throw more and more processing power at the users.''
Mr. Lazlo said Cyrix had always lagged behind Intel and Advanced Micro, and put huge capital demands on National that siphoned off money better spent on other products.
Mr. Weiss said General Electric would have a marketing challenge in selling shares of the new company while it is signaling that it is trying to leave those businesses.
Perhaps it is a sign of how desperate the market has become that Goldman, Sachs and Morgan Stanley Dean Witter have teamed up as co-lead underwriters, a rare pairing roughly equivalent to Shaquille O'Neal and Kobe Bryant agreeing to share a basketball.
''Apple's intention is not really to shake down as much as shake out,'' said Richard Doherty, president of Envisioneering, a computer industry consulting firm.
That the two executives chose to leave soon afterward suggests that Mr. Purcell has yet to win over his fractious investment bankers, who contribute 60 percent of the firm's profits and who constitute the core of the Morgan Stanley that merged with Dean Witter in 1997.
In such complaints, he said, investigators often find that companies were using workers' pension money to pay corporate expenses, as Halliburton did.
is that many of the quality-control problems it turned up last summer during the factory inspections at Spencer, Maple Grove and Natick were all too similar to shortcomings it had warned Boston Scientific about earlier in the year after inspecting factories in Glens Falls, N.Y., and Watertown, Mass., and a distribution center in Quincy, Mass.
And for an entertainment company looking to make an impact with a new video outlet, Apple's player and online store were hard to match.
Amazon's plan for personal computers is a sharp departure from the way it has entered other businesses.
Microsoft's proposed conduct restrictions fall far short of the government's, and the company explained: ''Courts are not authorized in civil enforcement proceedings to punish antitrust defendants.
While the new job is a step up in responsibility and compensation, top bankers at Morgan Stanley -- at least until recently -- rarely left the firm, choosing to make their names and fortunes with a team that is rivaled only by Goldman Sachs as the mergers-and-acquisitions elite.
Amgen Is Said To Make Offer Of $18 Billion For Immunex
18 interactive agency according to the trade weekly Adweek's IQ Interactive Report, would make Interpublic the largest shareholder in Icon, and Interpublic has a right to increase its stake.
Even the appeals court ruling, which held the company liable for repeatedly violating antitrust laws, said that it had ''causal connection'' between Microsoft's illegal conduct and its monopoly position ''only through inference.''
The eight-page subpoenas request rafts of documents that would show, among other things, whether companies colluded in the continuing development of Unix, a powerful operating system widely used on engineering work stations, Microsoft said.
But the PayPal alumni have been unusually prolific, especially given the company's modest size compared to Internet giants like Netscape, eBay and Yahoo.
When you mail one back in its postage-paid, pre-addressed envelope, Netflix sends you the next one on your wish list automatically.
First, the major semiconductor makers, including Intel, National Semiconductor and I.B.M., all agreed to broad cross-licensing pacts -- ''the intellectual property equivalent of mutually assured destruction,'' one industry executive noted.
Goodyear did sell more than a million extra tires this quarter as replacements for recalled Firestone tires.
The brief reiterated many of the assertions that Microsoft offered earlier this year.
I.B.M.
They go head-to-head in Best Buy, Wal-Mart and CompUSA with their televisions, DVD recorders and camcorders: Sony, the world's best-known electronics maker, and Samsung Electronics, the hard-charging upstart.
In January, Hotwire added hotel reservations, broadening its competition with Priceline.
General Electric reportedly seeks to sell its motor manufacturing unit, part of GE Industrial Systems, for as much as $900 million (S)
Saturn factory in Spring Hill, Tenn, is still building cars month after strikes at parts factories in Flint, Mich, forced every other General Motors assembly plant in US to close; 7,300 Saturn workers and their union have struck uncomfortable bargain; in name of preserving nation's best-known experiment in cooperation between labor and management, they have set aside union solidarity by assembling cars using parts from Japan and at least one nonunion American company; auto workers are furious because GM plans to build future Saturn cars and new sport utility vehicle using many parts from elsewhere; they have voted to authorize their leaders to call strike if further negotiations fail to resolve local union's concerns; union leaders, in sign of continued reluctance to cause any harm to GM division they helped to build, say they will talk for at least 30 days before actually starting walkout (M)
So it is now with Corning, the once great company that provided the glass for Edison's first light bulb.
Before Intel released its update, shares in the company rose 60 cents on Thursday, to close at $27.70, then fell slightly in after-hours trading.
Afilias, consortium that manages .info extension on Internet addresses, will challenge attempts by nontrademark holders to register names; NeuLevel Inc, which operates .biz addresses, files declaratory judgment against Amazon.com in federal court in response to letter sent to NeuLevel expressing concerns about process for allocating .biz addresses; action seeks declaration that NeuLevel's process for allocating .biz addresses does not violate federal trademark statutes and is not subject to state or federal lottery laws (M)
Begins Informal Inquiry Of Kodak's Results Restatement
The sponsors -- I.B.M., Citigroup and Coca-Cola -- were told that they were not needed, an attempt to prevent their being pressured by the women's coalition.
''Chevron went in there first and it is finally starting to click,'' said Adam Sieminski of NatWest Securities.
Interpublic posts a quarterly loss and says it expects more costly moves to get expenses in line.
Microsoft to Hold Party in Washington
They  came from several airlines that had been pursued by both Airbus and Boeing, including US Airways.
In an unusual advertisement that ran briefly in New York movie theaters, customers and employees suddenly begin to trash a Gap store.
America Online Inc., in particular, was bent to Microsoft's will, according to court testimony.
Mobil Oil Canada, a subsidiary of Exxon Mobil, has already begun work on a nearby $2 billion project that hopes to produce 160,000 barrels a day, starting in 2006.
Sanford I. Weill's decision to promote his former chief legal counsel to run Citigroup's investment bank, Salomon Smith Barney, shows just how much Mr. Weill, Citigroup's chief executive, wants to rid the bank of the legal and regulatory problems confronting it, analysts and investors said.
After being made aware of the picture by the book's distributor, Wal-Mart decided to sell the book only on its Web site (walmart.com), but not in stores.
Analysts say that Pfizer has proved its ability to execute a major merger, with its hostile takeover of Warner-Lambert in 2000 widely viewed as a success.
''Prices have gone up dramatically at Yahoo and MSN.
The iKaraoke is $50 and is available now at RadioShack and Apple stores.
Mr. Ballmer, newly elevated to the position of president of the Microsoft Corporation, announced that his company, which is based in Redmond, Wash., would set up a satellite headquarters in a 32-acre corporate campus in Mountain View, Calif.
Wal-Mart and Target were insignificant players.
The Los Angeles-based Mattel was also impressed by the popularity of Purple Moon's World Wide Web site, which has 250,000 registered users.
But it still needs the access to I.B.M.
The talks between A.T.& T. and the Communications Workers of America and the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers may set the pattern for union negotiations with other phone companies.
Credit card issuers like American Express are adding paper fees to merchant accounts, and online services that initially mailed statements, like NetBank and Ameritrade, the online brokerage firm, have begun charging for them, setting a standard for some new businesses that want to do the same.
''There was incredible customer resistance,'' said a Microsoft .Net consultant, who spoke on the condition that he not be identified.
But Target is for now their most important client.
Correction:  December 29, 2005, Thursday  An article in Business Day yesterday about Verizon's stock price, which has been trading below that of its peers, misstated the amount that Vodafone is likely to demand for its 45 percent stake in Verizon Wireless.
Like many of Apple's strategic moves, the implication of an Apple browser for Windows was not immediately clear.
Key Officer at Gap Resigns To Be Chief of Wal-Mart.com
Two bidders expressed serious interest, Random House Inc. and the Perseus Books Group, but neither was willing to offer more than about $300 million, while Time Warner had hoped to receive closer to $400 million.
Most big Internet providers say that the original decision in the Verizon case essentially validated the subpoenas that the recording industry sent to other companies.
''I think we're at a situation where the rest of the issues could come together pretty quickly,'' said Eric Rabe, a spokesman for Verizon.
The merger, said Bruce Chizen, Adobe's chief executive, ''is all about growth.''
According to Mr. Charness of Hasbro, the company initially came to Creative Artists for help in connecting its games and toys with a wide range of promotions.
Gerstner To Step Down As I.B.M.
As Union Pacific Traffic Snarls, So Do Customers
But while Mr. Neukom said Microsoft earnestly wanted to move the case to the Court of Appeals as soon as possible, he said Microsoft still would need the extra time.
Boeing Is Said to Give In to European Demand on McDonnell Deal
Moreover, Honeywell has for some time wanted to sell its friction materials, automotive consumer products and security monitoring units, all of which have dragged its profits down.
Initial customers for the I.B.M.
Sears has survived without Nike before; the shoemaker cut Sears out for much of the 1990's before relenting and signing a new sales agreement in 1999.
Coca-Cola bottlers handle distribution and marketing in their geographical franchise regions, buying the concentrate from the Coca-Cola Company.
The Interpublic difficulties began in August, when the agency company initially disclosed that accounting problems at the European operations of McCann-Erickson would result in a charge to earnings of $68.5 million.
Companies including Ingersoll-Rand, Accenture, Tyco International and Seagate Technology reorganized to create a nominal headquarters in Bermuda or the Cayman Islands, which have no corporate income taxes, while maintaining their working headquarters in the United States.
Mr. Smith said Speedera was outraged by the search and believed it to be related to a patent infringement lawsuit brought against Speedera by Akamai in February.
''We have nothing to add at this point,'' Alan Hely, a spokesman for Apple in Europe, said in an e-mail message, ''as the discussions and voting continues'' until May 30.
And American Airlines, a longtime customer of McDonnell Douglas, committed to Boeing recently as the sole supplier of its new jets for the next 20 years.
Mr. Spitzer's accusations against Marsh and criminal charges that he brought against two executives of the American International Group and one executive of Ace Ltd. have shaken the insurance industry and investors.
The strategy, which gives the company's essentially conservative wares a more pronounced fashion identity, was conceived more than a year ago under Gap's new management, headed by Paul Pressler, the chief executive, to help stem 20 consecutive months of declining sales.
Walt Disney Co's board is focuses on Sept 30, 2006, when contract expires for chief executive Michael D Eisner; board members in recent months have discussed what to do if and when Eisner leaves, campaign to oust Eisner by former directors Stanley P Gold and Roy E Disney and unsolicited takeover offer by Comcast Corp have not only underscored such discussions about Eisner's successor but expedited them; chart (M)
Upon completion of the Comcast deal, C. Michael Armstrong, AT&T's chairman and chief executive, is to depart to become chairman of the combined AT&T Comcast cable company.
He said uncertainty about the continued weakness in Europe and its  potential to spill over to the rest of the world was causing Intel to be  conservative about its growth projections for the fourth quarter.
2 Interpublic Units In Deals Overseas
Judge Jackson is expected to begin hearings on May 24 in preparation for issuing his final decision on how to deal with Microsoft.
The new core technology is indeed the fourth version of the company's Athlon chip family, which competes with Intel's Pentium line.
Italian prosecutors seek indictments of 29 people and Bank of America, Deloitte & Touche and Grant Thompson for their role in multibillion-dollar collapse of Parmalat; more indictments are expected; list of people prosecutors want to indict includes Parmalat's founder Calisto Tanzi and former chief financial officers Fausto Tonna, Luciano Del Soldato and Alberto Ferraris (M)
Mr. Harlan, an American Southerner who speaks fluent German, asserts that the German companies are simply trampling over their legal obligations.
and chairman of General Electric Capital Services, will retire and leave the board at the end of 2005, the company said.
He also noted that he was pleased with the progress Cisco has made in China, where it has revenue of about  $1 billion a year.
Primestar Inc., the satellite television service owned by a group of cable operators, has abandoned a $1.1 billion plan to buy the direct-broadcast satellite venture of the News Corporation and MCI Worldcom Inc.
They trade less than 20 percent below their levels in September 2004, before Merck stopped selling Vioxx.
Now Corning will have to try to fill the holes in its optical components portfolio through smaller acquisitions and internal growth, he said.
As Microsoft does, Mr. Verveer said that makes the outcome of this case harder to predict.
Aetna's operating profits rose 3 cents, to 98 cents a share, which was under analysts' consensus estimate of $1.02.
A spokesman for Microsoft said that the deal was reached ''in open and public discussions'' with e-Mexico officials.
Its major rivals -- most notably Merriam-Webster and Microsoft's year-old Encarta dictionary -- are all stepping up their digital dictionary efforts to tap an increasingly lucrative market, setting up a business contest that philologists say will also affect the way Americans use English.
Citigroup Selects Chief for Global Consumer Division
Apple Computer introduces beta version of its new Mac OS X (10) operating system software, which is based on Unix operating system and has a new interface, called Aqua; people who pay $29.95 for chance to find bugs and glitches in this test version will be surveyed by company for comment; photo (M)
Microsoft and its representatives see the matter differently.
Intel has also contributed significant resources to the cause, including its own design for an inexpensive laptop computer, albeit one that is currently more expensive than Mr. Negroponte's.
Wal-Mart's chief executive H Lee Scott Jr takes offensive against critics who have sought to block stores in New York, Los Angeles and Chicago, insisting that company is good for consumers and good for its 1.3 million American employees; says Wal-Mart offers good, stable jobs, noting that when it opens store, more than 3,000 people often apply for 300 jobs; critics complain that Wal-Mart's average wage of $9.68 an hour is too low to support a family and that only half of its workers receive health insurance from company (M)
Then, after allowing the additional evidence, Judge Jackson assured the company that his findings would be based on the more limited, original complaint, according to the Microsoft filing.
Like Comcast, Cox, based in Atlanta, has enjoyed a surge in orders for its high-speed data and digital video services.
Dieste Harmel & Partners, Dallas, and the Radiate Group, Boca Raton, Fla., units of the Omnicom Group, formed an agency called Spice Marketing, Dallas, to specialize in event marketing aimed at Hispanics.
Yahoo said it was entitled to more shares.
It also underscores the effort by Juniper Networks, which makes routers used to direct data traffic, to expand its reach in markets where it competes with Cisco Systems, the leader in producing the complex digital plumbing that makes the Internet flow.
European Commission rules that German postal service illegally used profits from its monopoly in delivering letters to subsidize its prices for business parcels and packages; Deutsche Post AG agrees to pay fine of 24 million euros, or $21.8 million, and to separate its monopoly business in letters from its competitive businesses in package delivery; United Parcel Service, which brought complaint seven years ago, reiterates demands that US Transportation Department revoke DHL Worldwide Express's license to forward international freight because of Deutsche Post's control (M)
Today was the deadline for the Justice Department to issue a so-called second request for information from Oracle.
Tara Burke, a spokeswoman for Bank of America, declined to comment about the bank's relationship with Adelphia.
Awards at Marriott
''There was a concern that Microsoft would always win because they owned the desktop,'' said David Card, the research director of Jupiter Research.
The new AT&T Comcast, based in Philadelphia, would be the largest cable TV provider in the nation, with 22 million subscribers.
Bank of America's decision, which will result in a $1.25 billion after-tax charge in the third quarter, is just one of the changes made by Kenneth D. Lewis, who became chief executive in April, to recover from earnings disappointments last year.
''We know well enough what Bank of America is doing by talking to other banks and financial institutions.
Interpublic will go to the head of the class after the completion of an acquisition announced yesterday, after weeks of speculation, to buy True North Communications in Chicago, whose agencies work for clients like AT&T, Compaq Computer and PepsiCo.
EARNINGS REPORT LIFTS MICRON TECHNOLOGY STOCK
Gucci and Tiffany's might become jittery when the Fed raises rates, but Wal-Mart is full of consumer necessities.
At a news conference in Washington including national and international law enforcement officials, Microsoft announced a $5 million antivirus reward program to encourage tipsters, with initial rewards of $250,000 for evidence leading to the capture and conviction of the original authors of the MSBlast and SoBig programs, which plagued Internet users this year.
But the judge presiding over the case refused to issue an injunction that would have barred eBay from continuing to use the patented methods in its Web operations.
Amgen, known in Washington as a formidable lobbyist, is bound to fight them.
''I think it's in the banks' best interest to make sure this company doesn't go bankrupt,''said Robin Kollannur, a portfolio manager with Brandes Investment Partners, a  money manager that invests in value stocks and has accumulated a 4.5 percent stake in Xerox since last fall.
Yesterday, Intel slipped to a low of $32.06, the lowest price for the stock since July 26, 1999, before rebounding to $33.02, down $1.11 for the day.
General Motors chairman John F Smith Jr says he will retire in 2003 at age 65, shareholder meeting; he comments, interview; photo (M)
The European Aeronautic Defense and Space Company, the largest aerospace group after Boeing, said today that a deep slump in its satellite-building and launching business was the main reason it had lost 299 million euros ($330 million) in 2002.
Edward Horowitz, senior vice president for technology at Viacom, said the delays were not a result of problems with AT&T.
Operating in nine foreign countries, including Japan, Wal-Mart has never retreated since starting its international expansion in 1991, into Mexico.
Article on Pfizer Inc's restoration of 31-story office building it bought at 685 Third Avenue; first phase of project, 10 floors and 195,000 square feet, has been completed, with employees moving in this March; four other floors are almost complete, another is under construction, and work on additional 10 floors is scheduled to start in September; contractor is Hennegan Co; photos (M)
cites no actual harm to competition from Intel's behavior, no instance of impeding innovation or thwarting specific rivals.
Ford Motor's much-delayed Internet service has begun doing business, but only in nine states; in seven of those states Web will quote only manufacturer's suggested retail price; customers will have to send e-mail message to dealer to ask for lower price; only in New Jersey and Delaware is new service, known as FordDirect.com, quoting prices below suggested retail price, and customers must still visit dealers to actually buy new car or truck (M)
Jann Wenner, founder and editor of Rolling Stone magazine and chairman of Wenner Media, says he will invest $200,000 in Salon Media Group, financially struggling Intenet media company, and join its board; Salon announces that Adobe Systems co-chairman John E Warnock will invest additional $600,000 in Web company; Salon and Rolling Stone will collaborate on series of articles about presidential election; David Talbot, site's chief executive and editor in chief, says moves are all part of Salon ramping up its political coverage in major way for coming election; Salon hires Sidney Blumenthal, former aide to Pres Clinton, as consultant and columnist (M)
Pfizer regularly changes the content of its advertising, Mr. Cook said, and the ads have nothing to do with the two new drugs, which are still months away from approval.
Microsoft's decision to build a Web browser into Windows set off the government's current antitrust case.
We've been a Nike A.A.U.
Mr. Klein's documents, some of which he had provided to The New York Times, describe a room at the AT&T Internet and telephone hub in San Francisco that contained a piece of equipment that could sift through large volumes of Internet traffic.
But Intel, despite a deep round of cost-cutting announced Sept. 6, is beginning to reverse its market-share decline based on the success of its first two generations of dual-core processors, analysts said.
''I think investors were willing to take their chances with Oracle as long as they liked the near-term results,'' Mr. Sherlund said.
Daniel H. Schulman, the company's president, said in a statement that Priceline's results were hurt by seasonal weakness and the decision of Priceline's founder, Jay Walker, to close the WebHouse Club, a Priceline affiliate that sold gasoline and groceries using the ''name your own price'' method.
The antitrust suit, filed in May, accuses Microsoft of trying to persuade or force a competitor, the Netscape Communications Corporation, to give up part of the market for browsers, the software used to navigate the World Wide Web.
When Wal-Mart Stores proposed in 1990 building its first outlet in Vermont, in the village of Williston, it started a fight that turned ugly quickly.
Charles L. Hill, director of research at Thomson Financial, said that a majority of analysts who follow Kodak were advising investors to sell their shares.
Cisco sued Huawei in Federal District Court in Texas in January claiming that the Chinese company infringed numerous patents held by Cisco and illegally copied its software source code and documentation.
The Microsoft system will fill in  forms only on Web sites that have a Passport logo.
Judge Jackson's findings concluded that Microsoft was a rapacious monopoly whose actions harmed the industry and consumers.
''Only companies like I.B.M., with deep technology and financial resources, are going to be able to pull this off,'' said Ivo Nelson, chief executive of Healthlink.
Boston Scientific's offer not only drove up Guidant's shares, which rose nearly 10 percent, to $67.98, but also focused attention on St. Jude, which rose 4.74 percent, to $50.56.
''It certainly underscores the premise of the AOL-Time Warner merger and adds more sustenance to that deal,'' Jill S. Krutick, an analyst with Salomon Smith Barney, said yesterday.
Thus far, Amazon's advertising opportunity has been limited to about 20 to 50 publishers, many of them large companies like Random House, Simon & Schuster, Penguin Putnam, HarperCollins, IDG and Warner Books.
Although his mostly conservative politics are largely in sync with The Journal's editorial page, some worried that he would exert influence over the news pages or make the paper more sensational.
Intel says the P.S.N.
Citigroup Assesses a Risk and Decides to Settle
''If Sony and Microsoft continue to outspec themselves, they will kill each other and take the industry with them,'' said Charles Bellfield, communications director for Sega of America Dreamcast.
Motorola is one of the founding members, along with the Scandinavian mobile phone giants Nokia and Ericsson, of the Wireless Application Protocol, or WAP,  Forum, which is trying to create a global standard for Internet and advanced telephony services on digital mobile phones.
This award should send a clear message to Morgan Stanley about what constitutes professional and ethical behavior.''
For the quarter, Interpublic reported net income of $117 million, or 31 cents a share, in contrast to a loss of $113 million, or 31 cents, in the period a year earlier.
Other users agree that making Netflix's system more personal is a good way of getting people more involved and thus bringing Netflix more business.
IBM plans to announce that it has figured out how to stretch silicon during standard semiconductor manufacturing, leading to faster, less power-hungry microchips; will detail findings at conference in Kyoto, Japan, next week (M)
IN many schools, Coca-Cola is best known for the red-and-white cafeteria vending machines that sell its beverages.
Though some have welcomed such overtures, like Comcast, the cable company in which Microsoft acquired a 11 percent stake a few years ago, others have held back.
''There's a lot of turmoil out there,'' Mr. Baker said, noting that a decrease in the prime interest rate -- good news for remodelers looking for loans -- is concurrent with a softening in sales of existing homes, building materials and at home centers, like Home Depot.
If Intel dismissed the Havas agencies, as Adweek.com reported on Tuesday that it planned to do, they would lose assignments, with spending estimated at more than $300 million, that they have handled for several years.
The Merck study, called Medal, included results from three clinical trials comparing Arcoxia and diclofenac.
Besides, Kodak and its agency insist that Rodman is really just ''comically naughty'' or ''cartoon naughty,'' a curious caricature of badness.
Analysts said the apparel companies that shoppers would most want to see on Amazon have already refined online and shipping operations of their own.
Mr. Ettore's strategy, which has been widely hailed by analysts, is to sell to consumers with family incomes below $25,000, just beneath the middle-income customers who are Wal-Mart's prime target.
The suit said that as Mr. Coughlin gained more power and control he ''used Wal-Mart as a means to subsidize personal expenses -- small and large -- in almost every area of his personal life.''
In the fall of 1999, the toy market was among the most competitive areas of online commerce with Amazon, Toys ''R'' Us, eToys and several smaller online businesses trying to win the hearts of shoppers.
Yahoo's chief technology officer Farzad Nazem will leave June 8 after 11 years with company; co-founder Jerry Yang will assume Nazem's responsibilities while it searches for replacement (M)
Court in Minas Gerais, Brazilian state governed by a former President, Itamar Franco, curtails management powers of AES Corp, Southern Co and Grupo Opportunity over Companhia Energetica de Minas Gerais, state electric utility; ruling nullifies shareholders' agreement that had given American and Brazilian companies management control of utility after they paid $1 billion for one-third of its voting shares in 1997 (S)
Brazil said on Tuesday that it was close to completing an agreement with Abbott Laboratories that would almost halve the price it pays for Kaletra, a drug used to treat AIDS patients.
Intel shares are down 32 percent from their 52-week high of $102 reached in August.
Some analysts note that Microsoft made its approach last year, not long after the founding father of SAP, Hasso Plattner, turned over the chief executive title to Mr. Kagermann.
The plan calls for AT&T to spin out its cable operations, which will then be merged into Comcast.
The Verizon deal was a long and tough one, according to Ms. Nason and Ms. Harless.
Market Place column; Citigroup is hoping that by hiring Gary L Crittenden as chief financial officer it will bring credibility and operational expertise needed to reverse bank's disappointing performance; chairman-chief Charles O Prince III is also using Crittenden to shore up investor support for himself; appointment is not expected to produce startling change or immediate results (M)
He acknowledged that no one at Visto had examined or used the Microsoft system, which, like BlackBerry, is aimed primarily at corporate users.
Microsoft says it remains skeptical that Linux-based systems will be useful for the desktop.
General Motors also said it was rededicated to design.
And Microsoft Put Their Cases Into Writing
Microsoft executives said that the company was ''steadfastly bipartisan'' and that increases on the Republican side were attributable to the party's having taken control of Congress in 1994.
Excluding expenses that the company classifies as one-time charges for actions like streamlining operations and exiting unprofitable businesses, Motorola earned $141 million, or 6 cents a share, in the quarter, in contrast to a loss of $158 million, or 7 cents a share a year earlier.
And I.B.M.
The deals reinforce a growing rivalry between America Online and Microsoft, which announced last week that it had invested $5 billion in the AT&T Corporation to prepare for the convergence of telecommunications and computing.
''I am always impressed with Pfizer's presentations,'' said Viren Mehta, a partner at Mehta Partners.
Alaska Airlines, a unit of Alaska Air Group, has promised to hire an additional 130 maintenance and engineering workers, including many supervisors, and 28 more people for its flight operations department.
AT&T became the country's largest phone company in November when SBC Communications, one of the original seven Baby Bells, bought AT&T, the old Ma Bell.
Nor, analysts said, would it be a particularly good idea for Amazon to try to build an apparel store on its own, to compete with the likes of LandsEnd.com, EddieBauer.com and other Web sites of established retailers and catalog merchants.
''If you want to step back, yeah, they are mucking up Johnson & Johnson's bid,'' said Joanne K. Wuensch, an analyst at Harris Nesbitt.
''We found a number of MGM titles spun off the Amazon requests,'' Mr. Thomas said.
Investors across the country and a broad range of investment funds hold stock and bonds issued by the two utilities, Edison International, parent of Southern California Edison, and PG&E, parent of the Pacific Gas and Electric Company.
The upshot is that most of eastern Germany's power system is now the target of a nasty struggle, with the Southern Company right in the middle.
More than 7,000 people have already sued Merck over heart attacks or strokes they claim were caused by Vioxx, the company said when it reported earnings last week.
Studio executives agree, and think BitTorrent will take its place alongside the giants like Wal-Mart in the emerging digital download world.
Others, including I.B.M., contend that SCO's legal rights are less far-reaching and that Linux is not in violation.
''The security conditions have improved in the Arun field area of operations,'' said William J. Cummings, a spokesman for Exxon's subsidiary in Jakarta.
The board has expressed confidence in Mr. Eisner, worried that if he left now, the company would be vulnerable to a hostile takeover attempt, like the recent $54 billion offer from the Comcast Corporation, or would falter on its planned turnaround.
Oracle's shares closed today at $68.13, down $1.38, after falling $9.25 on Tuesday.
said the sale would not have a significant impact on its operating results, but at least one analyst said he expected that the deal could result in a huge tax bill for I.B.M.
While McCann owns no entertainment publicity agencies, Interpublic owns one, Rogers & Cowan, through its Shandwick unit.
On Tuesday, Lawrence J. Ellison, Oracle's chief executive, filed a letter with the Securities and Exchange Commission that the company intended to send to PeopleSoft shareholders in hopes of winning their support.
Later this month, Procter & Gamble, the owner of the Old Spice brand, will introduce four versions of a new deodorant called Old Spice Red Zone.
Mr. Curry denies he is gay, but says that his colleagues at Morgan Stanley thought he was.
Asian companies tend to run first with Intel's concept designs, about a year ahead of American PC makers, said Anand Chandrasekher, general manager of Intel's mobile platforms group.
That means Boeing will have 34 new orders from the deal.
This year, in a symbolic gesture, Home Depot will return to its headquarters city of Atlanta, holding its meeting at the same convention center as it did for years before Mr. Nardelli moved the event around the country.
Advertising executives who were briefed on the former employees' plans said yesterday that the group was in the final stages of negotiations to join Interpublic in one of two capacities.
Microsoft is eliminating its troubled UltimateTV division, competitor to TiVo; UltimateTV services will continue despite elimination of division (S)
Merck's bankers, Goldman, Sachs and J. P. Morgan Chase, told clients in a conference call today that Medco shares would be priced at $18 each, a steep drop from the initial plan for $22 to $24 a share.
A Priceline spokesman declined to quantify or characterize his company's booking levels since the attacks, although analysts said they had probably fared no better than at the other online services.
Advertising in a consolidation by Campbell Soup.
Such software as media players -- where a Microsoft rival, RealNetworks, is the leader -- and instant messaging, which is dominated by America Online, can be seen as providing some competition to Windows because they are outside Microsoft's control.
One of the first funerals is being held this morning in Bronxville, N.Y., for an Aon employee whose body was found along with those of two police officers who were last heard from on the 22nd floor of 2 World Trade Center.
The 60-year-old Mr. Skinner, who has worked for McDonald's for 33 years, is the third chief executive that McDonald's has had this year.
The chairman of General Motors, John F. Smith Jr., said that he was confident all the regulatory approvals would be received and that the transaction would be completed about the middle of this year.
A federal judge ruled yesterday that Oracle, the nation's second-largest software company, could proceed with its hostile bid for PeopleSoft, handing the Justice Department a rare defeat in a legal challenge to a corporate merger.
And in the coming year, Intel plans to put currently designed WiFi technology on all of the microprocessor chips it ships for tens of millions of desktop, laptop and hand-held computing devices.
Because the long- distance market was already in steep decline, Verizon's interest was only tentative.
That was one of the reasons Comcast wanted to acquire Disney.
The Delta agreement, after all, paralleled one signed last November by American Airlines, which also committed to a long-term relationship with Boeing for about 20 years.
Lucent Technologies Inc., the telecommunications arm of the AT&T Corporation, is expected to go public tomorrow for as much as $28 a share -- $3 above previous estimates, the lead underwriter, Morgan Stanley Inc., said yesterday.
The valuation of Lin is almost exactly halfway between an estimate of $105 a share provided by AT&T's bankers, Morgan Stanley & Company and $155 a share from Lin's bankers, Lehman Brothers and Bear, Stearns & Company.
The TBWA/Chiat/Day office in Playa del Rey, Calif., works with Apple, which is collaborating with a Sprint Nextel competitor, AT&T, on the new iPhone.
But investigators see the document as a confession by Mr. Grubman that he had fraudulently misled investors about his true opinion of AT&T's prospects.
That is a marked contrast to its two main competitors, the Microsoft Corporation and Yahoo, which have recently turned to high-profile acquisitions to enter new markets.
In a demonstration before European competition regulators on Friday, RealNetworks, maker of a music- and video-playing computer program called Real One, showed how a little-known version of Windows -- Windows XP Embedded, which is licensed only for industrial use -- can work without Microsoft Media Player attached, three people at the closed-door hearing said.
In addition, Microsoft's new formats include options like 5.1 surround sound and special compression that narrows speech recordings to the frequency range of human voices, making the files much smaller and the playback easier to understand.
The guilty plea and a fine settled all of Pfizer's civil and criminal liability to the federal and state governments.
Solar Decathlon engages 14 college teams in competition to build ultimate solar home: well designed, energy efficent and capable of powering American household with all mainstream comforts; comeptition is sponsored in part by Dept of Energy, Home Depot and BP Solar; entries are on display on lawn outside Capitol; winner will be announced Oct 6; photo (M)
It began making serious inroads into Intel's markets in the last two years when Intel's strategy of trying to divide the 64-bit and 32-bit computing markets failed.
BuyMusic.com is the first Windows-based service to enable customers to buy songs à la carte -- à la Apple.
''In some of the trade press and sometimes within Kodak,'' he said, ''there's the euphoria that O.L.E.D.
As a result of today's developments, Ingram is left in a more vulnerable position because its top customers -- the Borders Group, Amazon.com and Barnes & Noble -- have been steadily expanding their own distribution networks.
In 2005, Vornado also built the gleaming low building south of the tower at 968 Third Avenue, which houses a pharmacy.
His case was among at least 9,600 filed against Merck, at least 4,000 of them in federal court.
Mr. Topacio said that I.B.M.
In his ruling, the judge cited those companies as suffering from Microsoft's ''oppressive thumb on the scale of competitive fortune.''
Amazon's electronics department already sells computer add-ons like disk drives and memory.
And at Morgan Stanley, he has argued that the model of the firm's bankers distributing their investment products through his Dean Witter brokers remains vital.
As a young man, Mr. Molson obtained a pilot's license and in the 1930's owned a business for a while that flew supplies to remote mines in northern Canada.
The lockup provision and various anti-takeover statutes in Pennsylvania, however, provide CSX and Conrail with a formidable defense against Norfolk Southern's hostile bid.
If Verizon does not raise, some MCI shareholders may complain.
Interpublic Hires Alumnus To Run G Media Unit
Mr. Kraushaar said, ''Goldman probably executed a little better'' than Morgan Stanley in the quarter.
Kenneth S. Abramowitz, a health care analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein, said before the deal was reached that a sale for less than $12 billion would dilute the value of Aetna's stock.
Morgan Stanley declined to comment in detail for this article.
Dr. Grant and Dr. Greene, who had been longtime colleagues at the I.B.M.
The testimony from Douglas J. Burgum, a senior vice president at Microsoft, who was subpoenaed by the government, came in the third week of a trial in Federal District Court over the Justice Department's attempt to block Oracle's $7.7 billion hostile takeover of PeopleSoft.
"So even those companies that have put in place local area networks can take advantage of AT&T's ability to manage the global system."
The new software package can automatically integrate itself with either Microsoft Internet Explorer, Netscape Navigator or America Online's propriety software, enabling users to dictate E-mail and chat room submissions and to control the browser and E-mail programs by speaking.
Although Comcast declined to comment yesterday, people close to the negotiations said that Comcast and its partners would each own stakes in the channel with Comcast being the largest equity owner.
When the Airbus A380 superjumbo jet took to the skies at the Paris Air Show, executives from Boeing crowded an observation deck here to gawk at the plane, the new flagship of a European company that is embroiled in a trade battle with Boeing.
World Business Briefing
Motorola sent out notices saying that service would end at 11:59 p.m. on March 17.
As stock analysts pored over Friday's filings in the government's proposal to split Microsoft in two, some marveled as much about what was missing as what was included.
The decision by AT&T follows moves in recent years by the other major long-distance carriers, Sprint and the MCI unit of WorldCom, to cut back on ''900'' line billing services.
Even though Merck's 14 percent gain in earnings is on par with the industry average for the year, investors may not be so confident that the company will be the strong performer it had been.
''We made it clear when Carnival made its initial proposal that our response was based on two simple criteria -- value for our shareholders and deliverability,'' Peter Ratcliffe, the chief executive of P & O Princess, said.
Mr. Abramowitz said Mr. Dickerson's departure most likely reflected his own frustration that the integration of the two companies was not going faster and possibly the dissatisfaction of Aetna's board.
No, Dr. Tevanian said, Apple had told Microsoft that it owed Apple $1.2 billion in royalties but had not said anything about filing suit.
Dow Chemical turns over portfolio of patents for family of designer molecules called dendritic polymers to Dendritic NanoTechnologies; will receive stake of just over 30 percent in Dendritic; Starpharma, which is developing drugs based on technology, will inject undisclosed sum into Dendritic, reduce its stake and gain exclusive licenses to some patents (S)
At 3:30 p.m. Saturday on the Great Lawn of Battery Park, the Alliance for Downtown New York will present a free concert featuring the Grammy Award-winning pop singer Shawn Colvin and the British folk rocker Billy Bragg.
Some 30,000 songs from the legendary Smithsonian Folkways catalog -- field recordings of folk and blues, world and children's music, jazz, nature sounds and poetry -- went on sale yesterday on Microsoft's MSN Music store (music.msn.com) for 99 cents apiece.
2 maker of computer chips, behind Intel, announced two new fast processors yesterday at the CeBIT trade show in Hanover, Germany.
''I.B.M.
I.B.M.
Mr. McAdoo projected that American Airlines would record profit of $1.85 billion this year, roughly $500 million higher than some other analysts' estimates.
The Home Depot's KraftMaid cabinets are also appealing, if a little less solid than Expo's.
The explanation for the jump lies largely in the rapid progress I.B.M.
But if the plan stumbles, Microsoft's hopes for sustained growth and greater profits could come under heavy pressure.
Correction:  January 4, 2007, Thursday  A headline in Business Day yesterday about a lawsuit brought by Intertainer, a digital media company, against Apple Computer, Google and Napster misstated the nature of the litigation.
In addition, the executives said Intel had strong growth in businesses other than its sale of PC-based microprocessors, such as in its wireless, flash-memory and communications businesses, but they declined to cite specific figures.
The suit, filed in the United States Court of Claims in Washington, comes nine months after 750 former I.B.M.
''This was a fast way to scale up a business that Oracle frankly couldn't win on its own in the last five years,'' Mr. Smith said.
An Apple spokesman declined to comment further on Friday.
Ulysses Yannas, a broker at Buckman, Buckman & Reid who continues to buy Kodak shares for himself and his clients, insisted that Kodak would be at the right employment level for the $10 billion to $10.4 billion in revenue it expects this year.
I.B.M., a bellwether of the corporate computing business, supplied a modest dose of steadying reassurance yesterday to a shaky technology sector.
''We believe it would be unfair for those who want to participate in the settlement to delay it any further,'' said Ben Deutsch, a Coke spokesman.
system also handles a large amount of I.B.M.
Microsoft, for its part, is mainly interested in extending the reach of its new Web search business, which it sees as the best way to counter the growing power of Google.
The hybrid system I tested used a Dell 8400 PC running Windows XP Home Edition and a basic $499 Mac Mini upgraded to 512 megabytes of memory from 256 (Apple charges $75 for this).
Intel is expected to introduce a new version of Pentium III, code-named Coppermine, as early as the end of this month.
John Cocke, a Chip Wizard From I.B.M., Is Dead at 77
Jim Schlueter, a spokesman for Boeing's military operations, said the company would provide expertise in low-cost manufacturing and in integrating the systems linking the Meteor missile to the Eurofighter.
A sturdy, vigorous man, whose regimen includes daily workouts, Mr. Gerstner made clear that stepping aside at I.B.M.
Analysts say that an obvious, if aggressive, next step would be for Microsoft to offer its $400 rebates for three years of service directly to consumers.
The principal Kimberly-Clark competitor, Procter & Gamble, has been thriving of late by following just such a path, generating additional consumer interest in otherwise staid product categories with continual rounds of ''news'' in the form of new products under familiar brand names like Bounty, Charmin and Mr. Clean along with new brands like Febreze and Swiffer.
Microsoft Hires A Bush Adviser To Lobby Bush
I.B.M.
The consumer business has been robust for Bank of America and other banks the last three years, but Mr. Lewis acknowledges that growth will slow once interest rates rise and as consumers shift money away from banks.
Intel's inventory levels grew by $427 million in the quarter, the company said.
It is that long-range prospect -- far less than Microsoft's immediate plans -- that concerns some privacy advocates.
Soon, Monsanto's strategy for biotechnology was being overseen by Robert Shapiro, the former head of Monsanto's Nutrasweet unit, who in 1990 had been named head of the agricultural division.
The company's decision to renovate most of its stores and introduce a more fashion-forward attitude has not taken off with consumers as rapidly as the Gap had hoped.
Cisco Systems Inc reports that its sales held steady last quarter amid continued technology downturn; chief executive John T Chambers suggests upturn is not imminent; company reports sales were $4.71 billion in its second quarter, down from $4.8 billion in first quarter and in second quarter of 2002; earnings were 15 cents per share pro forma compared with 9 cents per share in period year earlier; photos (M)
Kodak described the move as part of efforts to consolidate product assignments.
SBC and more recently Verizon have formed partnerships with Yahoo, which offers content and services that users find attractive -- a shift that may force Comcast to seek a source of Internet content and services like AOL.
Now the biggest debate at Disney is not over whether Comcast, the giant cable operator, will own the company but whether Michael D. Eisner, the chairman and chief executive, should be allowed to keep both titles.
Monsanto Co drug Celebrex, introduced in Jan in most successful drug debut ever and rival Merck drug Vioxx, which has gained steadily since its May introduction, vie in big and growing market for prescription arthritis drugs; both companies seek not just success, but blockbuster, with Cox-2 inhibitors, which are easier on stomach than nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory arthritis drugs (M)
Microsoft announces licensing plan for Windows that could mean cost savings for coporate customers that upgrade to multicore computers when they become available starting in 2005 (S)
Irving Wladawsky-Berger, an I.B.M.
Less than three weeks after Merck withdrew its arthritis painkiller Vioxx from the market because it increased the risk of heart attacks, Pfizer announced plans yesterday to test if its best-selling painkiller Celebrex, which is in the same class of drugs as Vioxx, can do the opposite -- help prevent heart attacks.
Every Microsoft action and dealing with another company -- America Online, Intel, Apple, I.B.M., Sun Microsystems and others -- is reviewed by each side, point and counterpoint.
A correction in this space on Aug. 22 acknowledged that Target was not a sponsor in Denver.
In the lawsuit filed in state court in Pontiac, a Detroit suburb, Dow accused General Electric of hiring 14 engineers and sales executives from Dow's plastics division over the last two years and putting them to work at similar tasks.
But his decision to cancel an O. J. Simpson television and book project by subsidiaries of the News Corporation was a rare acknowledgment that there are limits.
Bhopal Critics in Web Hoax Against Dow Chemical
For those who miss the rotary phone dial, Motorola has a partial solution.
The Union Pacific Railroad told Federal regulators today that service had improved in the last week, suggesting that the worst of the traffic jams that may have cost customers hundreds of millions of dollars are behind it.
Mr. Rubin, who was Treasury secretary before he joined Citigroup, called Peter R. Fisher, the under secretary of the Treasury for domestic finance, on Nov. 8 and broached the subject of Mr. Fisher's possibly calling bond rating agencies in hopes of averting an immediate downgrade of Enron's debt.
Both it and Warner Brothers are Time Warner units.
Under the settlement, Verizon will not oppose the reorganization plan in court.
''There remains skepticism about whether General Mills can really use this acquisition to grow its top line,'' said Erika Gritman Long, an analyst with J. P. Morgan.
But Whirlpool had little interest in building something easily copied.
European antitrust regulators have suspended their review of Pfizer's proposed $60 billion acquisition of Pharmacia, possibly delaying completion of the deal until early next year.
Debt Rating Of Ford Motor Is Downgraded By Agency
Because the average video game player is 29, according to a survey by the Entertainment Software Association, this is a significant age group to Microsoft and the makers of the two other major video game consoles, Sony and Nintendo.
Existing programs that run on Mac OS 9 should work on X, and Apple says that more than 200 different developers, including Microsoft, Adobe, I.B.M., Sun Microsystems and Hewlett-Packard, have agreed to create software for the new system.
Analysts said Morgan Stanley was not expected to lay off employees this year.
''We want to see how far we can take Cell technology beyond games, and the biggest challenge to making that work is the software tools for building new applications,'' said William M. Zeitler, senior vice president for I.B.M.
In addition to AT&T, which has six members on the company's 11-member board, investors in EO include the venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, Matsushita, Marubeni and Olivetti.
By linking with Time Warner, Mr. Case is also betting there are advantages to owning those media brands, not just distributing them through the America Online service.
Negotiators from Micron Technology are on track in talks with Hynix Semiconductor for Micron to take over all or some of its memory-chip factories, according to Lee Duk Hoon, president of the government-controlled Hanvit Bank, one of the Korean company's leading creditors.
As the Coca-Cola Company tries to regain its footing in Europe after a contamination scare that caused the biggest product recall in the company's 113-year history, executives have made a rare admission: mistakes were made in manufacturing.
A recent passenger aboard the Carnival Paradise, the industry's first smoke-free cruise ship, was put off in Nassau, the Bahamas, where he had to pay his own way home.
Ford and Goldman have a longstanding business relationship and John L. Thornton, a president and co-chief operating officer of Goldman Sachs, has been a Ford director since 1996.
Yesterday, the story became even more bizarre -- and clouded -- as Mr. Kreinberg and the board member, J. Pedro Reinhard, sued Dow Chemical, contending that they were defamed.
In addition to Nike, winners of such awards have included Adidas, Avon, Gatorade, John Hancock and Reebok.
Jeanne Jackson, the Gap executive who is credited with building the Banana Republic division into a retail powerhouse and who started the Gap's online store, has resigned to become the new head of Wal-Mart.com.
Xerox was helped in the first quarter by a lower tax rate than expected, and several analysts said they worried that Xerox would meet its numbers for the year through low taxes and share repurchases rather than increased sales.
Maestro's job is to provide the computers and communications equipment to handle transactions by bank customers who are making purchases outside their home bank's regional network.
With health care stocks tumbling, and with United Healthcare indicating that it was rethinking its aggressive push into the Medicare market, analysts questioned the fate of United Healthcare's pending acquisition of Humana.
Thomas G. Stemberg, the Staples chief executive, said in a statement that the F.T.C.
Boeing brought considerable expertise from its commercial aircraft side to bear on its Joint Strike Fighter proposal.
Keith S. Sherin, 40, the vice president of finance and financial services at GE Medical Systems, replaced Mr. Dammerman as chief financial officer for General Electric.
Nokia's mobile-phone software is based on Java, a rival to Microsoft technology.
Starting last year, Microsoft and other AOL rivals began using technical loopholes to interact with AOL's I.M.
It has won some these -- notably in 1992, after years in court, when a judge ruled against Apple Computer Inc.'s claim that Microsoft's Windows software infringed on Macintosh copyrights.
The software company, based in Redmond, Wash., has long drawn the ire of other software developers and periodically the attention of the Federal Trade Commission and Justice Department by continuing to add features and functions to its software operating systems that subsumed individual programs previously sold by Microsoft's rivals.
For one thing, Viacom will be able to tap the technological skills of A.T.& T., its partner in a cable television project to begin later this year.
Dow Jones industrial average plunges 374.47 points on investors' fears that rising oil prices combined with higher interest rates might do significant damage to corporate profits; fall begins when Procter & Gamble, one of nation's biggest and best-known companies, says that its earnings in current quarter will come in well below levels expected by Wall Street analysts; warning shocks investors; they dump P&G shares, wiping out $36 billion, or nearly 31 percent, of company's value; Dow falls 3.7 percent, to 9.796,03; Standard & Poor's 500-stock index loses 2.6 percent of its value, while Wilshire 5000 Total Market Index declines 2.1 percent; graph (M)
The only connection is the I.B.M.
The Altria Group, the company formerly known as Philip Morris, is among the bill's biggest supporters.
Applied Materials Inc will lay off 2,000 employees, or about 10 percent of its work force, in response to continued slowdown in semiconductor industry; graph (S)
Shares in Humana fell 30 percent in one day on negative earnings news two years ago, she recalled.
Yahoo is redoubling its effort to build a distinctive search service because Web searches have proved to be one of the most lucrative areas for Internet advertising.
In Japan, Make That Starbucks to Go
Several of the Macintosh clone makers said they had told Apple that the higher fees would jeopardize their businesses.
Fred Salerno, Verizon's chief financial officer, says there is no way to know how much the pension income contributed to the bonuses because a different formula would have been used if it had been excluded.
Last week, for instance, used copies of Alexander McCall Smith's detective novel ''Tears of the Giraffe,'' which was No.5 on Amazon's paperback best-seller list, sold for 55 cents, compared to Amazon's list price of $9.56.
and a consultant to Staples, contends that the F.T.C.
members noted that the acquisition appeared to raise ''serious antitrust concerns'' because it would eliminate one of three competitors, leaving only Boeing and the European consortium, Airbus Industrie.
Guidant, which is in the process of merging with Johnson & Johnson, is developing a drug-coated stent expected to hit the market by 2008.
Showing a return to the steady performance that made it a favorite among investors, the technology bellwether Cisco Systems reported second-quarter earnings today that nearly doubled Wall Street's expectations.
Universal McCann is a media services agency that is part of the McCann-Erickson World Group, owned by the Interpublic Group of Companies.
The fine, which was set late last week after settlement talks with Microsoft broke down, was endorsed by regulators from the 15 member nations of the European Union on Monday.
''Our whole approach is all about privacy and security for our members, and I think this is really embarrassing for Microsoft.''
The price tag of $35 million, one-quarter of the cost of a Boeing 747 jumbo jet, raises questions about whether Bombardier, based in Montreal, will be able to find the 100 buyers it needs to break even.
Mr. Grassley said that Stanley Works, whose shareholders will vote next month on a Bermuda tax move, and Ingersoll-Rand, which became a nominal Bermuda company in December, have about 300 total contracts as government suppliers.
The problem was not the basic nature of the arrangements by the two companies, which produced a lot of reported income for Amazon even though cash was going out Amazon's door, never to return.
A Connecticut state court judge said yesterday that an affidavit filed by Jane B. Welch in her pending divorce from John F. Welch Jr., the former chief executive of General Electric, must be revised to meet state guidelines.
Microsoft executives said the company currently licensed the Windows Media Player technology to a variety of companies including Yahoo, RealNetworks and the America Online unit of AOL Time Warner.
His appointment comes a week after James Allwin, 45, the head of institutional asset management and a Morgan Stanley executive, announced his retirement.
A.T.& T. and Kodak in Image-Phone Effort
The News Corporation could buy the shares at a discount because the deal would be tax-free to Liberty.
Apple, Google and Napster all declined to comment on the lawsuit.
Analysts said the move would make Johnson & Johnson the world's largest consumer health care company.
Wal-Mart, however, is still deciding which agency to hire to handle its multicultural marketing.
The employees, soon named the Saatchi 17 by trade publications, quit on Feb. 14, three days after the agency unexpectedly announced that their boss, Mike Burns, the global account director for General Mills, would be leaving after 25 years at Saatchi New York.
In 1995, his first full year as global head of sales, Airbus booked 106 orders, against 468 for Boeing.
Executives at the exiting studios argued that if Microsoft was so concerned about preserving the Halo universe, it could have financed the movie on its own, as the director George Lucas did with the ''Star Wars'' franchise.
For the fiscal 2006 fiscal year, which begins April 1, Electronic Arts forecast revenue growth of about 8 percent to 12 percent over fiscal 2005.
But investors and analysts were optimistic in the wake of yesterday's announcement, saying they thought that Boeing was on the mend and that management was putting the worst behind it so that the company could improve its performance this year.
''The inquiry was potentially the nail in the coffin for Aon,'' said Kevin Callahan, a portfolio manager for Century Funds in Boston, which owns 300,000 shares of Aon.
Rajeev Bakshi, chairman of PepsiCo India, agreed.
For digital models, ''we are approaching now the stage at which about 50 percent of cameras are being sold to households that already have one,'' says Philip Scott, manager of Kodak's consumer digital camera division.
More confused than ever, I placed another call to Verizon, this time as a journalist and not as a disgruntled noncustomer.
In the suit, Wal-Mart and its contractors are also accused of failing to make required workers' compensation and Social Security payments and failing to withhold federal payroll taxes.
The slowdown, coupled with decreased efficiency as the company learns to make equipment for these new technologies, contributed to a decline in Applied Materials' gross margins, which fell to 40 percent, from 45 percent in the second quarter and 51 percent in the third quarter last year.
Peter Passell focuses on Federal Trade Commission's shift on antitrust, in which focus of merger policy is on nitty-gritty of what is in deals for consumers; examines agency's opposition to mergers by Staples and Office Depot office-supply stores and Rite-Aid and Revco drug store chains (Economic Scene) (M)
Neither Yahoo nor its advertisers would disclose how much the ads cost, but Blake Chandlee, who oversees consumer goods advertising for Yahoo, said Consumer Direct advertisements cost more than Yahoo ads without off-line sales reports.
Clothes From Nike Go From Work to Workout
The reason has little to do with any of Microsoft's more ambitious Internet strategies.
Shares of Wells Fargo & Co fall sharply on false rumor that Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc was selling its entire holding of almost 8 percent of Wells Fargo stock; bank's market value drops $1.3 billion in one hour; movement reflects jitteriness of markets and widspread respect accorded Buffett; rumor was sparked by misinterpretation of report filed by Berkshire Hathaway with SEC; report misled many investors, something Berkshire could have prevented had it wished to do so; Berkshire officials and Buffett refuse to discuss SEC filing that set off furor; graph (M)
Tony Stewart wins Winston Cup race at Watkins Glen one week after sponsor Home Depot fined him and placed him on probation for punching photographer at Brickyard 400 auto race; photos (M)
''Any remedy that does not let the consumer make the ultimate choice will not be effective because of Microsoft's enormous power, often coercive power, in the computer industry,'' said Mr. Bork, who is also a consultant to Netscape.
I.B.M.
He said a new, more efficient manufacturing system for the plane, which Boeing has said would cut the plane's production costs by 10 percent or more, would be an element in making it a success.
''Microsoft does not want to be in the business of financing movies,'' Mr. Schlessel said.
But many of those patients wrote letters imploring Amgen to let them have the drug, insisting that it had greatly improved their condition.
Public service campaign seeks to recruit adults as mentors for children by designating January as what 17 nonprofit organizations hope will be first annual National Mentoring Month; campaign is being supported with commercial time and other donations worth tens of millions of dollars from many media and marketing giants, including AOL Time Warner, Walt Disney Co, General Electric, J P Morgan Chase, Postal Service and Viacom; effort is cumulation of moret han four years' work by Center for Health Communication at Harvard School of Public Health; photo (M)
Microsoft said it was in daily contact with regulators in the hope of settling the case.
The nearest competitors, Worldnet from AT&T and MSN from Microsoft, have fewer than two million members each.
Since he signed up for Fulfillment by Amazon last September, he says that his sales have jumped more than 30 percent, and a third of the orders that come in are from members of Amazon Prime, the company's premium discount shipping program.
Supreme Court justices give sympathetic hearing to Nike's argument that its defense of its overseas labor practices is kind of speech that First Amendment protects to fullest extent, not just 'commercial speech,' as California Supreme Court has ruled, entitled to only minimal First Amendment protection; company seeks dismissal of suit brought by Marc Kasky under California's unfair-trade-practices law charging that Nike misrepresented its record in letters, press releases and Op-Ed articles that amounted to false advertising; Laurence H Tribe, Nike's lawyer, argues that this is not advertising but rather Nike's side of intense debate on pros and cons of globalization; Bush administration enters case on Nike's side; photo of antiglobalization demonstrators outside court building (M)
That means that by the time an Intel plant in Dalian is up and running, 90-nanometer technology would be at least two generations behind the state of the art for Intel.
In June, Citigroup settled a shareholder lawsuit with former Enron stockholders for $2 billion, but the money was already in reserves so it did not have an effect on earnings.
Plants are planned for the Brazilian units of the American-based multinationals Corn Products International and International Paper.
European antitrust regulators are united behind Mario Monti, their top antitrust official, on his proposed finding that Microsoft has abused its dominant position in the software market, the European Commission said Monday.
In that case, J. D. Edwards is seeking an injunction to prevent Oracle from pursuing a takeover of PeopleSoft.
The Interpublic Group of Companies in New York and its media services unit, Western International Media, acquired Herbert Zeltner Inc., a media and advertising consulting company in North Salem, N.Y.
Citicorp, which was advised by Morgan Stanley in its exploratory discussions with the American Express Company, pulled back from the deal, at least for the moment.
Procter & Gamble, the consumer products giant that makes Crest toothpaste and Tide detergent, ended merger talks yesterday with the drug concerns Warner-Lambert and American Home Products after investors panned the combination and Procter suffered its worst stock price decline since the market crash of 1987.
and Cisco are aiming first at business customers in finance and retail industries, Mr. Fitzpatrick said, though the program will quickly expand to serve other industries.
The Federal Aviation Administration issued an emergency order this evening, telling all airlines that use the Boeing 767 to check the steel bolts holding the plane's engines in place, after an airline found damage on both bolts under one wing and one of the two on the other side.
As part of the agreement, Fidelity will administer I.B.M.
THE Sierra Club introduced an advertising campaign yesterday that ties fuel economy to patriotism and calls for action by William Clay Ford Jr., the chairman and chief executive of the Ford Motor Company, who was once viewed by the group as an ally.
Industry executives say that I.B.M.
He said that Neopost, I.B.M.
Although it might seem like annoying nagware, that importunate icon shaped like a shield belongs to the Windows Security Center, which is a part of the Windows XP Service Pack 2 system upgrade released by Microsoft last year.
Eastman Chemical alone, which Kodak spun off to investors in 1993, employed about 18,000 workers and the units that the company has sold off employed many thousands more.
the entry of potential rivals'' into the market for Intel-compatible PC operating systems will be ''blocked or delayed,'' Microsoft's campaign must be termed predatory.
The class B shares of Raytheon fell to $24.25 yesterday, dropping $18.75 late in the day, after the delayed opening.
Rival athletic shoe makers Nike and Adidas both have campus complexes in Portland, Ore, area; complexes described; photos (M)
The Ford Motor Company reported better-than-expected second-quarter earnings today and a return to profitability after four quarters in the red.
Still, Kodak is putting 65 percent of its research budget into various digital technologies, hoping that at least some of its bets are on winners.
Morgan Stanley, Merrill and other leading full-service firms like Paine Webber and Prudential Securities are converging on a solution.
Adobe earned $121.5 million, or 34 cents a share, well above analysts' consensus forecast of 29 cents a share.
Lawyers for General Electric Co's former chief executive, John F Welch Jr, file court motion challenging his estranged wife's description of his living expenses but did not submit their own figures; say Jane Welch's affidavit is invalid because, among other contentions, she relied on speculative numbers; Judge Julia D Dewey postpones hearing on Mrs Welch's request for additional financial support until Oct 29 (M)
Ford Motor Co is overhauling highly visible element of big campaign for new Focus car line as company seeks to become part of hot new trend: transforming television advertising into hybrid of TV and online media that could be called dot-commercials; Ford and J Walter Thompson plan to introduce next month series of live commercials with interactivity as core element (M)
Mr. Durzi said eBay told Mr. Walton to either ''stop what he was doing or we'd take steps to stop it for him.''
The deal was the latest in a struggle for dominance in the worldwide brokerage business between Marsh and its chief rival, the Aon Corporation of Chicago.
Comcast wants to sell its stake, and without a public offering Time Warner needs to find some other way to pay Comcast.
''We hope to bring the Microsoft case to a resolution in all of our lifetimes,'' a senior antitrust official at the Justice Department told a group of reporters at a briefing today.
Goodyear is trying to bolster sales by improving its product mix.
Even though the General Motors Corporation, the Ford Motor Company and the Chrysler Corporation are all earning near-record profits and sitting on cash reserves totaling $37 billion, the union is not even pushing for a big pay increase.
In its fiscal year ending on Sunday, Microsoft is expected to report revenue of roughly $27 billion.
The AT&T agreement is more modest than those of MCI and Sprint, and it leaves the world's biggest communications company on the prowl for more partners.
At the time, his company, Netflix, an online movie rental site, had few customers but plenty of skeptics convinced that a service that dispatches DVD's by mail was quaintly absurd.
Last year, he said, in three auctions on the Freemarkets Web site involving about $100 million worth of goods, Raytheon saved 25 percent over what it would have spent offline.
Two other carriers, Sprint and Verizon, use another, called CDMA.
''Around noon, I called Ray Gilmartin and told him what was up,'' Dr. Kim continued, referring to Merck's chief executive.
Motorola
Old Navy, part of Gap Inc, narrows to three finalists a review for outside agency to help its internal advertising team; General Nutrition Centers names Cramer-Krasselt, Chicago, as creative agency of record on its ad account (S)
''Fundamentally, Time Warner has something AOL doesn't have: great media brands built up over decades.
RealNetworks Poses Challenge to Microsoft
Verizon Wireless is a joint venture of Verizon Communications and the Vodafone Group.
Microsoft's antitrust settlement with the federal government required the software maker to give PC makers more freedom to modify Windows.
As part of the agreement, AT&T will take over many computer operations at Delta, the nation's third-largest airline.
If new parts are needed in such overhauls, Boeing gets those parts from its subcontractors, Mr. Beck said.
A. PowerPoint, the slide-show-making staple of the Microsoft Office suite for Windows and Macintosh, is the dominant presentation program but not the only option.
But four days later, Boston Scientific, with help from Abbott Laboratories, made a bold $80-a-share offer.
Mr. Ivester is leaving Coca-Cola with a very generous retirement package.
Alaska Airlines, which has grown over its 68-year history into nation's 10th-biggest carrier, has had only two prior fatal accidents, in 1971 and 1976, but has occasionally run afoul of federal authorities; paid $300,000 fine in 1985 for violating federal safety rules; FAA proposed $44,000 fine against airline in June 1999 for violating maintenance procedures; carrier's MD-83 jetliner crashed off California coast on January 31, apparently killing all aboard (M)
Fierce competition with Airbus Industrie, the European consortium that is the only remaining maker of large commercial jets, means Boeing cannot raise prices even when demand is high.
Yet it is the larger companies that remain I.B.M.
The phones connect not just to the wireless router, but also at any of 7,000 Wi-Fi hot spots that T-Mobile operates at Starbucks coffee shops, Hyatt Hotels and other public locations.
Time Warner executives in turn said they expected the merger with America Online to run far more smoothly than Time Inc.'s notoriously prolonged integration with Warner Communications after they merged in 1989 to form Time Warner.
International Paper Co agrees to buy closely held Box USA Holdings as prices and demand for boxes rise; analysts estimate deal's worth at $300 million to $325 million (S)
Microsoft does have some popular World Wide Web sites, like its Expedia travel and Carpoint auto sites, which can be reached by users through any Internet access service.
Microsoft, it said, lied about the effectiveness of its measures to protect users' personal information -- including credit card numbers collected for the Passport Wallet service, which is used for online shopping.
At the same time, Coke continued to make hefty payments to its largest bottler, Coca-Cola Enterprises, of which Coke owns about 42 percent.
The next version of Comcast's broadband home page, set for introduction later this year, will not be quite that fancy.
Verizon, Communications Workers of America and International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers meet with top federal mediator Peter Hurtgen in effort to avoid strike that could affect local and long-distance phone service in New England and Middle Atlantic States; unions charge company uses industry upheaval as excuse to demand undue flexibility in moving or removing workers; meeting comes after company reports second-quarter earnings of 12 cents a share and revenue gain of 14.3 percent, to $5.5 billion; Verizon reports continued erosion of its core local phone service, but unexpectedly strong growth in brutally competitive wireless business, which is not unionized; graphs of revenue and income; photos (M)
The Market Place column in Business Day yesterday, about ChevronTexaco's acquisition of Unocal, misstated an asset included in the purchase.
Under the agreement reached by Icann and VeriSign in early April, VeriSign would be allowed to retain control of the database, or registry, for .com addresses through Nov. 10, 2007, but would cede control of the .org and .net registries before then.
TECHNOLOGY BRIEFING: INTERNET  Correction:  December 25, 2000, Monday  A report in the Technology Briefing column of Business Day on Friday about Yahoo's objection to a French court's judgment against the company over the sale of Nazi-related material on its auction sites misstated the effective date of the fines.
The Eastman Kodak Company is accusing the Sony Corporation, the dominant maker of digital cameras, of riding to the top of that market at least partly on the back of Kodak technology.
The cancellation of the swap with Morgan Stanley drew a negative reaction from Standard & Poor's, the debt-rating agency.
Though Mr. Amelio would be preaching to the converted, it is a flock sorely in need of succor these days, given Apple's recent woes.
Judy Tenzer, a spokeswoman for American Express in New York, confirmed a report of the review yesterday in The Wall Street Journal.
Johnson & Johnson would receive a $650 million break-up fee if Guidant decided to take the Boston Scientific offer.
But considering that Palm's designers once worshipped at the altar of interface excellence, it's a shame that Microsoft's convoluted software has produced such an awkward marriage with the hardware.
Book publishing industry is fast reaching critical mass in its embrace of electronic publishing; Time Warner Trade Publishing, Time Warner unit, is set to announce creation of separate online publishing venture, iPublish.com, and iWrite, unconventional hybrid that will solicit manuscripts from would-be authors for possible electronic publication; Microsoft, Simon & Schuster and Random House are set to detail giveaway of electronic versions of Michael Crichton's novel Timeline, along with agreements to publish over dozen Star Trek titles in electronic form readable only on Microsoft's new reader software for hand-held and personal computers (M)
Verizon Communications says it will begin using Microsoft Corp's content, software and marketing software for its high-speed DSL Internet service and will pay Microsoft's portion of revenue; Microsoft says it offers DSL version of its MSN online service in 70 markets nationwide, representing 90 percent of households that can get DSL service; MSN is buying wholesale DSL access from BellSouth, SBC Communications and Verizon and reselling them with MSN content and software (M)
Flush with cash from the sale of its stake in QVC, Comcast may be one of the only bidders that can frame a deal competitive with one by the NBC unit of General Electric, which is considered the front-runner.
Microsoft folded Internet Explorer into the Windows operating system, which means that it is installed automatically on nearly 90 percent of all computers sold.
''This is a job for a brain surgeon, not someone with a chain saw,'' said Jean-Louis Gassee, a former Apple executive who now runs the software company Be Inc. After word began circulating in Silicon Valley yesterday about Mr. Amelio's departure, Mr. Gassee's name was one of those mentioned most frequently as a possible replacement candidate.
Honeywell and United Technologies' Pratt & Whitney both make aircraft engines, of course, but while United Technologies is strong in the commercial airline market, Honeywell's strength is business jets.
Mr. Neel, who has managed the office since 2000, will also work with McCann-Erickson executives who handle General Motors accounts in 45 countries.
Time Warner's leadership has been under pressure from the financier Carl C. Icahn, who asserts that the company is mismanaged and undervalued and has hired Lazard to explore options for splitting it up.
Jeffrey T. Dunn, who had overseen Coke's businesses in the United States and Canada, will head of the Americas unit; A.R.C.
Like most companies in the cable television industry, which typically do not show profits, Time Warner has been valued on its pretax operating earnings.
Amazon.com says it lost $323 million in fourth quarter of 1999, more than expected and 543 percent more than it lost in quarter a year earlier; sales in quarter increased 167 percent, to $676 million; Amazon says it cost $19 in marketing to acquire each of its 3.8 million new customers in quarter, far less than other online businesses; says its 14 million active customers spent average of $116 for the year, up from $106 in 1998 (M)
The new structure, which Intel calls BBUL, for bumpless buildup layer, is thinner and lighter because the silicon chip is embedded in the packaging where the top connecting layer used to sit.
U.S. Clears Cable Merger Of AT&T Unit With Comcast
Because Moody's reduced the rating to A3 from A1 on the Virginia issue, the lead underwriter, Morgan Stanley, told the state it could not close the sale.
Microsoft's previous foray into original Web content was not particularly auspicious.
Shares in online retailer Priceline.com fall more than 40 percent after company says its sales in third quarter will be as much as 11 percent below analysts' forecasts; company attributes shortfall to slow sales of airline tickets, it signature product, which still account for 87 percent of its sales (M)
AT&T also announced yesterday that the Communications Workers of America, the union that represents about 21 percent of AT&T's roughly 163,000 employees, had withdrawn a lawsuit against the company.
But so far, most PC makers -- all of whom remain dependent on Microsoft's industry-standard software -- have been ambivalent about the new powers they would inherit if the Government wins its antitrust suit.
One media executive said that even if NBC made no specific offer yesterday, its letter of interest was significant, because NBC's chairman, Robert C. Wright, probably could not have sent it without the consent of General Electric.
Shares of Yahoo rose 0.3 percent yesterday, to $25.27.
His predecessor, Philip M. Condit, who has been at Boeing for 38 years, resigned amid disclosures of a conflict of interest involving Boeing and an Air Force official who was seeking a job with the company while overseeing procurement contracts at the Pentagon.
New rule that will let cellular phone customers take their phone numbers with them when they switch providers is expected to be watershed for major mobile phone companies, with some likely to gain market share and others to lose so much they may become takeover targets; new survey by In-Stat/MDR suggests Verizon Wireless is least vulnerable to customer exodus; graph; photo (M)
Microsoft Software Updates Go on Sale to Businesses
VeriSign Inc, largest registrar of Internet addresses, announces proposed agreement that would extend its control over profitable .com domain until 2007 and avoid government-mandated sale of its name-registering business; VeriSign is required to give $5 million and control of its .org names database to nonprofit agency by 2002, with intention of returning .org use for nonprofit organizations only; VeriSign must also pledge $200 million to improve efficiency of .com database, and agree to open to bid management of .net database in 2006, year earlier than expected; VeriSign reaches accord with Internet Corp for Assigned Names and Numbers (M)
The big drug companies ''are going to have to spend a couple months figuring out what to do,'' the official said, adding that Dynport had just been told by the Army to hand over to Merck the viral seed stock it had  developed.
Mattel did not return calls seeking comment, The Associated Press said.
Even in a business crowded with new companies, ''we will be the only one at this point in time to have the support of all six of the majors,'' said Kevin Swint, Wal-Mart's divisional merchandise manager for digital media.
At the time, Oracle's outspoken chief executive  and founder, Lawrence J. Ellison, said candidly that he had scant interest in PeopleSoft's technology or products.
Still, Saudi Aramco, which earned $80 billion last year, cannot match the financial resources of an Exxon Mobil ($210 billion in 2000 income), and supporters argued that letting foreigners risk money on exploration made more sense than further straining the hard-pressed Saudi treasury.
Time Warner Says Data on Employees Is Lost
As part of today's filing, Microsoft offered its own proposed remedies, a collection of rules that would modify the company's conduct, while reiterating its conviction to appeal the case, even if its remedy proposal were accepted.
Wal-Mart has 53 stores and employs about 17,000 people in Maryland.
Researchers at the International Business Machines Corporation expect transactions like this to become common, and in a limited way, automated bidding robots or ''bots'' already exist.
Goldman Sachs employees, arguably, are consistently better at those things than any other group of employees in the world.
6 through 10 on the survey were more of a mixture of old and new: IBM.com; Barnesandnoble.com; MSN.com, the Microsoft Network; MSNBC.com; and Hotmail.com.
By rolling out an 18-foot-long Cadillac Escalade EXT pickup last month, with a sticker price of $50,000, General Motors is acknowledging, to some degree, that the Cadillac sedan's place in popular culture and its long hold on the aspirations of the affluent has been lost.
Stephen M. Hatch, Boeing's chief engineer for 747's, said the accident and the subsequent discovery of a variety of problems in fuel systems had changed the atmosphere.
Toward the end of the event, Mr. Jobs introduced Robert A. Iger, Disney's chief, who said the Apple alliance reflected a Disney strategy of marrying content and technology.
Sometime in the next two or three months, a diverse alliance of state and federal officials -- some elected, some appointed, some Democrats, some Republicans -- must reach agreement on one of the thorniest public policy issues of the day: what to do with the Microsoft Corporation if, as expected, a federal judge finds the company guilty of violating the nation's antitrust laws.
''The overcharging by Halliburton is so extreme that one expert has privately called it 'highway robbery,' '' the letter said.
Instead, as the company's new WebTV Plus Receiver begins appearing in retail outlets this week, it is apparent that WebTV is now central to Microsoft's drive into the global market for interactive digital media.
Alternatively, users can boot with what Apple calls a base set of extensions.
Until recent years, Intel was generally viewed as a cyclical stock, one that was likely to see its profits fall when the economy turned against the semiconductor industry.
In addition to concerns about the company's revenue growth, there have been questions about Apple's search for a permanent chief executive.
Wal-Mart attracts a transient work force, with frequent turnover making it difficult to train people over time.
The committee would also have been charged with resolving disputes between the news staff and the News Corporation.
A three-year-old joint venture with AT&T, called Concert, is also in trouble.
''With this new venture, electronic commerce will take its biggest step forward to date,'' Louis V. Gerstner, the chairman of I.B.M., said.
John T. Chambers, the president and chief executive of Cisco, said he saw encouraging signs for a recovery, but he cautioned that the rapid growth that briefly made Cisco the world's most valuable company would not resume until its customers started reporting profits of their own.
National Briefing
In an internal memo distributed yesterday to Coke employees, Mr. Daft praised the company's progress, but said it still had work to do.
EnterSport, Beverly Hills, Calif., the licensing division of the Interpublic Group of Companies, was renamed Magna Global Licensing, becoming part of the Magna Global unit of Interpublic.
The two companies, which are often rivals, are demonstrating their cooperation on Web services at an event today in New York where Bill Gates, the Microsoft chairman, and Steven Mills, a senior vice president in charge of I.B.M.
As the major makers of telephone network equipment paddle furiously to keep afloat, particularly Lucent Technologies and Nortel Networks, Cisco sees an opportunity to increase its relatively small share of that market -- this time by concentrating on traditional long-distance and local phone providers.
Retailers who are participating in the new stores and analysts who have watched them closely said Amazon.com's sales in those categories had shown promise.
The ruling has been stayed, pending the outcome of Microsoft's appeal, which is scheduled to be heard in late February.
European Commission appears to narrow distance between what General Electric Co has offered and what commission has demanded for approval of GE's $45 billion merger with Honeywell International; commission says it will accept offer short of sale of aircraft leasing unit, GE Capital Aviation Services; repeats commission's demand for structural commitment to change way unit operates, but adds 'without putting in question control by GE'; Mario Monti, European competition commissioner, in response to recent comments on deal by Pres Bush and others, says he deplores attempts to misinform public and to trigger political intervention; accuses GE of misinforming public after Boeing vice chairman Harry C Stonecipher told French newspaper Le Monde that opposition from Airbus Industrie is reason European antitrust regulators at European Commission are opposing Honeywell deal; photo (M)
Mr. Troszok said that some Internet businesses have recently had to turn away orders for popular drugs like Paxil, the anti-depressant made by GlaxoSmithKline; Lipitor, the Pfizer anti-cholesterol medication; and Premarin, a hormone replacement therapy made by Wyeth.
And it now looks as if Amgen will narrowly miss the projection it made at the time of the deal that sales of Enbrel would reach $3 billion by 2005.
Intel is expected to announce next week that several hundred computer companies will build systems based on Core chips.
Ms. Oberdorf said Aetna was waiting to see how many Prudential members remained loyal after higher monthly premiums take effect next year.
RealNetworks, which is negotiating a closer alliance with AOL Time Warner, which owns AOL, is ahead of Microsoft in striking agreements with record companies to put their music online.
What is new is that there seems to be no end to the bad news, and that Corning's balance sheet, which looked so solid a year ago, is now shaky.
He said Cisco did not have a ''religious position on dividends'' and would continue to monitor the issue in light of President Bush's proposal to cut taxes on dividends.
For Mr. Spitzer, who has successfully led investigations into Wall Street analysts, trading in mutual funds and the insurance industry, the complaint against H&R Block may be his last crusade in the financial services arena.
The states want Microsoft to sell a version of Windows that allows computer makers to replace the Internet Explorer Web browser and several other components with software produced by rivals.
Wal-Mart Stores collected well over $1 billion in state and local government subsidies during its decades-long expansion from a regional discount chain to the world's largest retailer, according to a report scheduled to be released today by a group that monitors job-subsidy programs.
For years, Wells Fargo has been using its Vermont insurance subsidiary, Superior Guaranty Insurance Company, to insure most of its other risks, like those for its property -- the bank's headquarters are in earthquake-prone San Francisco -- and those for its top executives, should the company ever face a financial scandal, as well as its auto warranties.
After an internal investigation, these people said, the company also concluded that Ms. Roehm had accepted gifts, including meals, from companies vying to become Wal-Mart's advertising agency, a coveted account because the company spends nearly $1 billion a year on marketing.
''Saxon was a long-term strategic decision,'' said Anthony Tufariello, who heads the securitized product group at Morgan Stanley.
The color reproduction of the diodes was also improved after the Kodak laboratories found a way to introduce fluorescent molecules into the layers of organic molecules.
Mr. Finnegan, who has spent nearly his entire career in finance at General Motors, said he had ''no firm opinions'' on the challenges he would be facing.
''I've talked to several people today, and others are feeling this way,'' said James Barksdale, the former chief executive of the Netscape Communications Corporation, who testified against Microsoft during the antitrust trial last year.
Moody's Investors Service has lowered its outlook on the the company to negative from stable.
In some cases managers can view these systems ''as a tool to be used to weed out the ones you don't want,''  said Thomas S. McLeod, a lawyer in Canton, Mich., who represents employees suing Ford in another case.
The outsiders come because they believe they must, especially since Wal-Mart began adding supermarkets onto its discount stores a few years ago.
''The coming together of these managed care companies will rapidly increase the deployment of hand-held devices in doctors' offices,'' said Dr. Russell J. Ricci, general manager of I.B.M.
AT&T Finds 3 Partners In Europe
Last month, antitrust officials forced Aetna to divest itself of two money-losing health plans in Texas, cutting its membership there by 425,000, to 2.5 million, including one million in health maintenance organizations.
Mr. Padden, a panel member whose  boss, Michael Eisner, sat in approving attendance in the audience, portrayed AOL-Time Warner as ''Microsoft on speed,'' and called the blocking of ABC's signal ''a remarkable display of monopoly power.''
Microsoft's general counsel, Bradford L. Smith, said Tuesday night that the company was willing to settle if Google would accept the restraining order as written through next July 18, a year after Dr. Lee left.
Shares of Cigna rose $2.625 yesterday to close at $120.
Chevron is hoping that Tuesday's late-night announcement will deal a final blow to the prospects of Cnooc, which is 70 percent owned by the government-controlled China National Offshore Oil Corporation.
It cranked out Ford Expeditions and Lincoln Navigators, which carried a profit of $12,000 to $15,000 apiece, partly because they used the inexpensive underbodies of Ford F-150 pickups.
This is the first time that Citigroup has missed Wall Street estimates since the company was formed through the merger of Citicorp and Travelers Group in 1998, according to First Call.
Sen Tom Harkin, citing General Mills' Shrek cereal and promotional children's book that features Kraft's Oreo cookies, criticizes nation's food industry for contributing to childhood obesity by promoting sugary and nutritionally deficient products; calls on food companies to do more to limit what they advertise to children; says he intends to introduce bill that would give Federal Trade Commission authority to regulate advertising to children (M)
Tomorrow, Microsoft will present estimated costs for a powerful personal computer system including hardware, software and a five-year maintenance contract, compared with an equivalent Sun offering.
It remains to be seen how closely the next administration would work with the attorneys general in the 19 states that have brought a parallel antitrust case against Microsoft.
From the beginning, Mr. Levin was concerned about what to do about the difference between AOL's outsized value in the stock market compared with Time Warner's more modest valuation despite greater revenues and cash flow.
Yahoo has said that it hopes to make up for the advertising shortfall by increasing sales of fee-based services to businesses and consumers.
Mr. Jobs has acknowledged that Apple  ''took its eye off the ball'' in the school market, where as recently as 1997 it held a market share of more than 50 percent.
Along the way, Mrs. Marriott also raised a family that now numbers two children, eight grandchildren, and 23 great-grandchildren.
Last spring, Intel discovered that its push to increase the clock speed of its chips was leading to problems with overheating.
Making New Friends At Procter & Gamble; With Whirlpool, Trying to Change Consumer Habits
The Chevron Corporation and Texaco Inc. will continue merger talks next week, but they remain divided principally over Chevron's insistence that it control the combined company, executives close to the negotiations said.
The back and forth came this morning as Microsoft took the deposition of Barry Schuler, the president  for interactive services at America Online, in preparation for the resumption of the antitrust trial late this month.
People close to AT&T said executives were worried that European approval of a plan that would increase its reach in Europe could drag on.
is not new, but a reinforced TV company into which baseball is investing $75 million, then Comcast's right to match an outside bid was not set off.
State of the Art column by Peter H Lewis appraises Apple Computer's Power Macintosh G3, dubbed the G3 Blue and White; drawing (M)
''If it is very disruptive,'' she said, ''that could be a positive for Aon.''
It also accuses Microsoft of illegally integrating its browser, Internet Explorer, with the Windows operating system and then claiming that the browser and Windows were never intended to be separate products.
Oracle insists that the market for business software is already highly competitive and likely to remain so even if it is allowed to buy PeopleSoft.
A spokesman for News Corporation declined to comment.
With Netflix, he said, customers have to wait several days for the DVD.
Fourteen Mets games on SportsChannel will be blacked out by Time Warner's New York City cable systems starting tonight if a payment dispute is not resolved.
The Justice Department is planning to extend its review of Oracle's $6.3 billion hostile bid for PeopleSoft today, people briefed on the department's decision said.
''The board was telling the Europeans that if they hold in their objections to the deal, they will do egregious damage to Honeywell,'' the person said.
Over all, Exxon Mobil has 22 billion barrels of oil and gas in reserve, enough to continue current levels of production for 14 years.
Whatever agony Microsoft might be feeling two and a half years after the antitrust case was brought, it is nonetheless pushing ahead on a variety of fronts to move into new markets and consolidate existing ones.
Downtown, the Goldman Sachs Group recently pulled out of a 1.4-million-square-foot project at 55 Water Street, and Salomon Smith Barney withdrew from the bidding for a city-owned site on Greenwich Street, between Warren and Murray Streets, where it had planned to erect its third downtown building.
''The need to urgently improve cash flow and the balance sheet is obvious,'' Paul A. Allaire, Xerox's chairman, said.
And each has ridden an initial public offering into a high stock market valuation for the company -- $100.8125 a share for Inktomi and $64.875 a share for Akamai.
E.ON executives say Southern is wildly exaggerating the validity of its claims.
There is a risk that Aranesp could cannibalize some of Amgen's own Epogen sales, but some analysts doubt that this will happen.
While those offerings hold their own, and sometimes surpass, rival systems based on the Intel Corporation's Pentium II line, the recent arrival of Pentium III systems highlights the challenge Apple faces in trying to match Windows-based machines for price and performance.
Many drug analysts and executives thought that Novartis might try to take over American Home Products after Pfizer made a hostile bid for Warner-Lambert last week.
I.B.M., which now controls 40 percent of that market, recently began shipping a drive that is 9.5 millimeters thick, compared with the current standard of 12.5 millimeters.
Mr. Neff said that because Apple is the only source of Powerbook portables, sellers tended to order more than they needed to insure supply, and then canceled the orders.
Just after Christmas, for instance, at the Apple Store in SoHo in New York, by 10 a.m. the earliest appointment that could be had was at 4 p.m. People left and came back, or sat for hours, reading, talking on their cellphones or milling about the store.
Johnson & Johnson is expected to receive Food and Drug Administration approval for drug-coated stent that promises drastic changes in way that hundreds of thousands of patients with heart disease are treated; stent, called Cypher, keeps coronary arteries open more successfully and much longer than plain metal devices now used, sharply reducing need for repeated angioplasties and for heart bypass surgery; even at price likely to be around $3,000 each--more than double cost of current devices--stents are expected to take over much of market for angioplasties; Robert W Croce, chairman of Cordis, unit at Johnson & Johnson responsible for making stents, has been lining up insurance coverage and meeting with hospitals about device's potential impact on their finances; Cordis is also already at work on new versions of stent; new stents could lead to doubling of existing American market, to $3.2 billion, in 2003; overwhelming majority of those sales are expected tgo be of drug-coated stent, with Johnson & Johnson capturing $2.8 billion of total, compared with estimated $415 milion in stent sales in 2002; chart; photos (M)
Media First International in New York, which Interpublic acquired last month, adds media assignments with billings estimated at $200 million that had been handled by the New York office of MediaVest, part of the Starcom MediaVest Group unit of Bcom3.
Mr. Murdoch's determination to buy Dow Jones is not expected to be deflected by the news, according to an adviser who did not want to be identified because he was not authorized to speak for Mr. Murdoch.
But he said General Electric might have to make some promises to the European competition regulator.
But he said Boeing had more cash -- more than $3 billion -- than it could use on research.
Citigroup executives, however, have told investigators that they understood only that Enron would do its best to sell the pulp and paper trading assets in the near future, but that there had been no guarantee that would happen.
The bank will gain 17 million accounts as a result of the deal, a boon for Citigroup at a time when the credit card business over all has grown more competitive, with fewer consumers opening accounts.
Shortly before Alaska Airlines switched to a new lubricant, it also stretched out the period between inspections.
Defenders of Microsoft argue that computer users like and benefit from the convenience of a single software package incorporating everything from e-mail to video players, and that they feel safer using software from a single supplier because they encounter fewer problems with compatibility.
Even so, Mark Murray, a Microsoft spokesman, said, ''We are hearing directly from virtually every major PC manufacturer that they are excited about Windows 98, and they believe their business will suffer if the Government tries to delay the introduction of Windows 98.''
Mr. Weill, who remains chairman, was Citigroup's chief executive during the years that WorldCom fed at his bank's financial trough before careering toward a dead end, and he lobbied Mr. Grubman on behalf of Citigroup's clients.
In a telephone interview from his home in Arkansas, Mr. Lynn said Wal-Mart undermined its inspections by requiring monitors to give notice before visiting factories.
Northrop Grumman won the support of an influential shareholder advisory firm yesterday for its $6.7 billion takeover bid for TRW Inc.
''It's a pretty friendly place to fly into,'' said Laurie Tucker, senior vice president for global marketing at FedEx and a Memphis native.
Executive headhunters say Evan Greenberg, who resigned as American International Group president and chief operating officer, will have abundance of choices when he seeks new job; photo (M)
But Priceline said some employees were not retained, as its overall work force shrank to 370 from 538 in September..
Acquiring Keebler gives Kellogg a foothold in the fast-growing snack foods category, potentially easing the company's problem of being the dominant player in a dwindling segment of the food business.
Microsoft has some general guidelines that outline good, better and best hardware to use with a future Vista system at www.microsoft.com/technet/windowsvista/evaluate/hardware/vistarpc.mspx.
In a response to the Intel announcement, A.M.D.
I like to accumulate enough points -- 250,000 -- to get one of Marriott's all-inclusive travel awards that pay for round-trip airfare and seven nights in a resort.
Electronic Arts, a bellwether company among video game makers, reported on Tuesday that its holiday sales would be ''well below'' earlier projections, the latest sign of a sharp slide in performance for the industry.
Citigroup Tries to Repair Its Image in Japan
Microsoft also announced today what it called a ''zero administration initiative'' for its Windows software.
's preference not to entertain competing proposals has drawn public opposition from two potential competitors: Boeing, which recently said it wanted to get into the air traffic control business, and Raytheon.
Planworks would hire any of the estimated 100 employees of Interpublic's G.M.
The Grove years have been rewarding for Intel shareholders, as well.
Since Wal-Mart enforced its new shoplifting policy, arrests have fallen at the store in Harrisville, Utah, according to authorities there.
Village of Endicott, NY, birthplace of IBM, is polluted by industrial toxic substances; pollution occurred over decades, and is traceable at least in part to IBM's use of common solvents in its circuit board assembly; IBM has paid for venting systems in 377 houses and businesses, and IBM scientists test water at 342 wells; some residents blame their illnesses, including cancer, on pollution, but state health officials cannot say whether air or water pollution in Endicott has actually caused any health problems; photos; map (M)
Ellen Johnson, chief financial officer at the Partnership division of the Interpublic Group of Companies, New York, was promoted to senior vice president and treasurer at Interpublic.
cases and for class actions,'' said Gandolfo V. DiBlasi, a lawyer with Sullivan & Cromwell who represented Goldman Sachs and acted as lead liaison for the defendants in the case.
Technology Briefing
Twice-annual ranking of world's 500 fastest computers shows that US still has significant lead in building powerful supercomputers; list is also indication that increasingly world of supercomputing is no longer at cutting edge of computing technology; remarkable increases in speed and falling prices of microprocessors and memory chips are turning modern computing industry upside down; powerful new technologies are increasingly being introduced first in consumer electronics rather than scientific and military computers that once dominated computer world; world's fastest computer, known as ASCI White, is still machine financed by military, made by IBM and installed at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory; world's four fastest supercomputers can be found at three Energy Department national laboratories--Lawrence Livermore, Sandia and Los Alamos; most powerful Japanese machine is made by Hitachi; ranking is compiled by Hans Meuer of University of Mannheim, Erich Strohmaier and Horst Simon of National Energy Research Scientific Computing Center of Energy Department and Dr Jack Dongarra, computer scientist at University of Tennessee (M)
''They think the best way to hold on to their market share is to hold on to all people,'' said Mr. Strauss, who has a ''neutral'' rating on Morgan Stanley's stock.
That is good news for Motorola, which makes the Razr, but bad news for wireless carriers that are spending billions of dollars to build high-speed networks in the hopes that their customers will do more than just talk.
As the talks continued, Time Warner showed 11 of the 25 games without paying an extra fee for them.
Advanced Micro to Describe a Chip That Will Take On Intel
Just nine months after joining the firm, Morgan Stanley abruptly dismissed him.
As part of a management overhaul announced yesterday, the heads of the company's main channels -- including the Discovery Channel, TLC, Discovery Travel, Discovery Health and Animal Planet -- will now report to Mr. Zaslav, a former NBC Universal executive who joined the company in December.
Several technologists who have participated in the United Nations-supported standards-setting effort said the dispute was a new, critical stage in the long fight between Microsoft and its competitors over what they see as Microsoft's overly aggressive business practices.
But industry analysts said that AT&T, by so far providing the Internet equivalent of a busy signal, might be making a costly misstep in its latest -- and most ambitious -- foray into the on-line business.
Earlier efforts by the Canadian branch of the United Steelworkers of America at a Wal-Mart store just across the border from Detroit, in Windsor, Ontario, brought certification, but the union failed to sign a contract before the local collapsed.
A company lawyer, John Warden, opened his cross-examination of Mr. Harris this morning by chastising him for offering this testimony without giving Microsoft any warning.
A mile above the clouds, Michael Carriker, who is what Boeing used to call a test pilot, drew a bead on the rocky summit of Mount Rainier and then began easing his new 737 down to 12,500 feet, almost 2,000 feet below the peak.
Microsoft executives said they wanted to avoid a rerun of the early days of automated teller machines, before common standards and a sense of trust, when each major bank had its own stand-alone network.
In addition, Mr. Searby warned that there was an ''excessive risk'' of further declines in the price of Interpublic shares, which have plunged almost 66 percent from their 52-week high in April 2002.
The officials said they worried that the merger would not only reduce the number of competitors, but also raise concerns about ''vertical integration'' by giving Lockheed Martin control of subcontractors that provide parts of larger projects it makes, like aircraft.
Owners of some laptops made by Apple, however, now have a choice.
Intel's report also came only days after Advanced Micro Devices, Intel's leading competitor, posted a loss for the first quarter from poor sales in its flash memory chip business.
Wells Fargo can also use the steady income of monthly premiums from employees to generate investment income.
Robert L. Growney, president and chief operating officer, said at the time that Motorola's problems were also afflicting its rivals and that the company was not losing market share, a claim that many analysts disagree with.
Whatever the outcome of Oracle's bid for PeopleSoft, many industry experts agree that the software industry will likely go through a winnowing in the years ahead.
As a result, many of Procter's most important brands have underperformed products made by rivals  like Kimberly-Clark and PepsiCo's Frito-Lay.
Procter has advertised before and after Super Bowls but never during the game.
Article on factors controlling minority shareholder fights as Sears Holdings increases its bid to take full control of Sears Canada and Ford Motor attempts to take Canadian subsidiary private; analysts warn that Sears Holdings might have to pay more to reach complete takeover; trial court and appeals court have upheld view by Omers, pension fund for municipal employees in Ontario, that Ford improperly siphoned off funds (M)
''There is a strong feeling out there that the franchise of the firm is being torn down,'' said Robert F. Greenhill, the former Morgan Stanley banker who is advising the group of former executives.
Here in Tucson, Mattel -- which holds the main license for Harry Potter toys -- is working to assure its clients that the company will avoid the mistakes of other toy makers.
Philippe Krakowsky, executive vice president for strategy at Interpublic in New York, confirmed a report of the negotiations that appeared Friday on Adweek.com.
New AT&T Deal Puts Big Spenders Under One Roof
Federal Trade Commission seeks court order to block $8.15 billion sale of Seagram Co's wine and spirits business to Diageo and Pernod Ricard of Europe, arguing that sale would give Diageo stranglehold on US market for rum; commission director Joseph Simons says sale would create dangerous likelihood of reduced competition and higher prices; Diageo plans to continue discussions with commission in hopes of reaching settlement; Seagram's owner, Vivendi Universal, also says it is committed to deal; Diageo's proposed sale of its Pillsbury food business to General Mills $10.5 billion is allowed to proceed after commission's chairman Timothy J Muris recuses himself from vote (M)
Morgan Stanley said yesterday that it would pay John J. Mack $11.5 million in stock for his five months as chief executive.
Nonetheless, Microsoft's brief said: ''Research and development organizations are fragile organisms, and the notion that they can be be pulled apart with minimal adverse consequences is dangerously naive.''
I.B.M., which helped touch off a boom in computer retailing when it introduced its personal computer nearly two decades ago, said yesterday that consumers in North America soon would not find its PC's in stores; they will have to buy them on the Internet.
The new year may well determine whether there will be any major independent online stores and whether Amazon will find a way to make enough money to pay its debts.
In its statement, Boeing said that its internal review also found that both Mr. Sears and Ms. Druyun ''attempted to conceal their misconduct,'' but Mr. Dern declined to elaborate on this statement.
In March, Oracle won a bidding war with a competitor SAP, the Germany software company, to acquire the Retek Corporation for $631 million.
The Web consortium has representatives from many technology companies, including competitors of Microsoft.
Anyone who looked at the charity page on eBay could see a list of ''leaders'' up for bid.
The News Corporation's American depository receipts are still well down from an April high of $29.875, reflecting investor concern that Mr. Murdoch, who controls the company, may yet again make an acquisition that could put the company into financial trouble.
A.T.& T. has said it expects its card program to have a lower level of profitability than banks' programs.
Michael D. Fascitelli, 40, quit the Wall Street partnership yesterday to become president of the Vornado Realty Trust of Saddle Brook, N.J., for a compensation package worth at least $50 million.
Whether thousands of Microsoft's eyeballs will make a difference is a question that is hotly debated in the computer industry.
Entergy Corp signs deal to buy Vermont Yankee nuclear reactor for $180 million, price about 10 times one quoted when bidding for plant opened in late 1999 and another sign of increased values for old reactors; sellers are group of 12 New England utilities; Central Vermont Public Service has 31.3 percent stake; photo (M)
''That's a rather nice settlement,'' said G. Gervaise Davis III, a founding partner of Davis & Schroeder, an intellectual property law firm in Monterey, Calif. ''The fact that they settled it for that kind of money indicates that Microsoft felt it had a serious risk.''
The Ford Motor Company will be the pattern-setting company in labor negotiations with the Canadian Auto Workers Union, the union announced today.
But Boston Scientific's total revenues rose to $1.62 billion, up 11 percent from last year's second quarter.
With a strong brand name in Japan, Starbucks now feels it can meet the competition by going into the stand-up, fast-food business -- and do so without cheapening its image.
Still, while Xerox is recovering from life-threatening troubles, the curative process has not been painless.
And despite the presence of a cast of celebrities like the actor and tap dancer Gregory Hines, the comedian Sinbad and the musician Peter Gabriel -- all of whom endorsed Apple's technology -- it was Mr. Jobs who stole the show today as he sought to make the case why Apple's customers would benefit from the addition of Next technology.
For style, nothing looks better than the Konica Minolta X1, although the Kodak V530 also looks very cool and takes much better photos.
Behind the scenes, AT&T Labs servers use custom animation software and text-to-speech technology to render RealPlayer videos of the model reading your message.
Sun Microsystems and Intel, two technology companies that have rarely found themselves on the same side of the aisle, announced a deal on Monday for Sun to use Intel chips in some of its computer servers, a setback for the rival chip maker Advanced Micro Devices.
Joan Solotar, an analyst at Credit Suisse First Boston, said an easing of interest rates by the Fed would provide an almost immediate lift to underwriting and trading, and Goldman and Morgan Stanley would be among the main beneficiaries.
Electronic Arts then cut its prices nearly in half, to $29.95, to compete.
Certification may also enable the plaintiffs to demand additional documents from Wal-Mart.
Investigating Merck Drug
''We are, quite honestly, disappointed in the sales performance of Wal-Mart U.S.,'' the chief executive, H. Lee Scott Jr., said in a prerecorded conference call for investors.
Shares of Qwest fell 4 cents, to $3.68, while Verizon's stock rose 10 cents, to $35.01.
Indeed, issues raised by Aetna's accounting methods in the Prudential deal were discussed in a Market Place column in The New York Times in July.
The Clorox Company in Oakland, Calif., has awarded the account of the Black Flag line of insecticides, which Clorox recently purchased from Reckitt & Colman, to the San Francisco office of Young & Rubicam Inc.
Boeing and the Air Force are seeking approval of a plan to replace Vietnam-era refueling tankers with specially outfitted 767's.
In the latest jousting between China and Japan over Russia's energy riches, China is talking with the Exxon Mobil Corporation about buying gas from the Sakhalin Island field, which many Japanese assumed would power their nation for decades to come.
The knots that bind the biggest media companies were poised to pull tighter yesterday with Comcast's $54 billion bid for the Walt Disney Company.
Boeing said it had reached an agreement with three airlines, American, Delta and United, to provide passengers with two-way broadband Internet connections, including access to e-mail, live television, shopping and travel information, and news.
2 company, behind General Motors, in the American car market, a position Ford has held since the 1920s, according to internal Ford projections.
According to people involved in the talks, an indication of Verizon's handling of the negotiations came in the minutes leading up to the deadline.
Chevron's new bid is now worth $63 a share, or $17 billion, and includes more cash than its original offer.
Also, there are increasing indications that the latest Interpublic financial results, scheduled to be released on Thursday or Friday, will disappoint Wall Street considerably.
''It was like all our beliefs in the Netflix growth strategy were shattered.''
In the Intel case, the basic facts are not in dispute.
Microsoft has posted information about the problem with Outlook Express at www.microsoft.com/ie/security.
The virus affects computers running the Microsoft Windows operating system, though users of all operating systems have been annoyed by the flood of e-mail messages generated by the program.
''We could not find any poison; there was no proof that it was linked to Coca-Cola,'' the official said.
AT&T announced on Friday that it had negotiated its way out of a deal that would have required it to pay $2.96 billion in AT&T stock for 60.4 million shares of At Home, an Internet company.
IBM reports solid gains in quarterly profit and modest growth in revenue, as company's strategic shift toward higher-margin software and services makes gradual progress; sales in Americas grew only 1 percent, to $9.1 billion; quarterly revenue rose 7 percent, to $22 billion, but increase was only 4 percent in constant currency after adjusting for weakness of dollar; EMC reports its quarterly revenue rose 17 percent, to $2.98 billion, and its earnings rose 36 percent (M)
In Target stores that sold cigarettes, the packs were often at the end of aisle displays where shoppers had access.
But Mr. Scheinman said Cisco had been in talks with Airespace since last August, before the company reached out to Aruba a second time.
Microsoft had no representative on the Auletta panel.
The information is being withheld, Mr. Dooner said in a conference call, because of the delay in completing an investigation started three months ago to determine the charges that would be required to rectify accounting irregularities at the European operations of the McCann-Erickson World Group, Interpublic's largest division.
So does Nike.
Sony just introduced several new 900-MHz digital phones, for slightly more money, that match some of the more appealing features of the Microsoft phone, without the new for a PC.
If that happens, we think it will bring more business opportunities to I.B.M.''
Celgene Corp wins patent for Thalidomide derivatives that it says enhance drug's power to suppress overreaction of immune system that can cause inflammations; changes name of its family of Thalidomide drugs to Selcid; wheelchair whose seat can be raised and lowered is patented by five inventors in Louisiana; Jennifer Daniello patents container lid for spice jars that measures out the exact amount required (M)
Four-year-old Vivisimo plans to start Clusty, a free, consumer search service based on results from Yahoo's Overture engine, Thursday.
will either become a public company or the partnership's rules say that AT&T can require AOL to buy out as much of AT&T's stake as Bank of America determines the public would buy.
''The fact that Kodak could essentially double the number of people being laid off here without directly contacting the community's leadership, except by press release, is inappropriate,'' he said in a statement.
A spokeswoman for General Mills, Marybeth Thorsgard, declined to comment on the Institute of Medicine's report, saying that the company had not had a chance to read through the 600-page document.
While the restructuring charge is sharply lower than the $500 million that some stock analysts had forecast, Nike's news was not all so comforting.
In June, Mr. Carp promised investors that Kodak's revenue, which was $14 billion last year, would hit $24 billion in 2005.
The numbers from the Center for Responsive Politics show that through July of this year -- more than a year before the next national election -- Microsoft has already donated $700,000 to federal candidates or parties.
Officials thought they had a similar rescue arranged for Hynix, and they have not given up on the Micron deal.
Richard Aboulafia, a military analyst with the Teal Group, an aerospace consulting firm in Fairfax, Va., said that it was imperative for Boeing to clean its own house, especially as it competed for more military contracts.
The result was chaos in trading of Wells Fargo, and substantial disruption in the trading of two other companies that Berkshire had appeared to have also sold: General Dynamics, the military contractor, and Torchmark, an insurer.
City-politics mavens said Time Warner was afraid to anger Mayor Giuliani, who could make life difficult for the company when its city cable franchise license comes up for renewal the year after Mr. Giuliani's presumed re-election.
The Discovery Times Channel was a joint venture with The New York Times Company until last April when the newspaper company sold its interest in the channel back to Discovery Communications.
Analyst Leaves Wells Fargo
The far-flung family that controls Dow Jones & Company met by phone yesterday to discuss a pledge by Rupert Murdoch to give them a seat on the board of his News Corporation if it buys Dow Jones, and to guard the independence of the Dow Jones trophy property, The Wall Street Journal.
to respond to questions about whether the agency had ever scrutinized five companies -- Tyco International, WorldCom, Global Crossing, Qwest Communications and Xerox -- before problems like accounting irregularities and other disclosures surfaced in the past year, costing each company's shareholders billions of dollars.
Express Scripts is now fighting the clock as well as Caremark, which has pressed its shareholders to support the CVS bid at an investors' meeting on March 16.
The Boeing Company dismissed its chief financial officer and a vice president yesterday for what it called ethical misconduct in the hiring of the vice president, a former Pentagon official who had been involved in contract negotiations with the company.
AT&T's withdrawal came against the backdrop of an extended Telecom Italia shareholders' meeting on Monday, called to elect a new board and approve last year's financial results.
Xerox shares fell 40 cents, to $7.59.
When he was on Wyeth's board, Mr. Seidenberg helped set the pay of one member of Verizon's compensation committee, John L. Stafford, previously the chairman and chief executive of Wyeth.
Micron said that it did not believe it had broken any laws and that it was cooperating fully.
Time Warner was an early player in interactive television, through the Full Service Network, an expensive prototype it introduced in Orlando, Fla. And its Pathfinder service, one of the pioneering sites on the World Wide Web, was never able to turn the company's substantial brands like Time and Sports Illustrated into a major force.
The trouble is, PeopleSoft's release is months behind the Internet-centric releases of its competitors and the industry's market share leaders, Oracle and SAP.
In trading yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange, as the Dow Jones industrial average dropped 1.6 percent, Interpublic shares, which started at $12.19, fluctuated, falling at one point to as low as $11.98, down 1.7 percent, or 21 cents, before closing down 0.25 percent, or 3 cents, at $12.16.
The Coca-Cola Company is again seeking ideas for its Diet Coke soft drink beyond the brand's agency of record, Lowe & Partners/SMS in New York, by naming Wieden & Kennedy in Portland, Ore., to handle undisclosed creative television assignments.
But Cisco does not disclose the value of those bookings, she said.
But Frits Bolkestein, the commissioner for the internal market, warned Mr. Monti not to infringe Microsoft's intellectual property in the part of the ruling that concerns interoperability, or making the software compatible with rival programs and servers, the person close to the case said.
Those low rates have become the flashpoint in a war of words between AT&T and Frontier.
He maintains that to this day lawyers working for Morgan Stanley are seeking to pressure or cajole him to keep silent in the matter.
When the tournament begins on Monday, Maria Sharapova will still wear clothes by Nike, for which she appears in ads, but the outfits have been designed just for her, with a day-to-evening wardrobe.
One formerly competitive sector of the computer industry that appears to have been overlooked by the government proposal is programming languages, a field that Microsoft also dominates.
National Transportation Safety Board probe of January 31 crash of Alaska Airlines MD-80 into Pacific off Los Angeles with loss of 88 lives points up flaws in quality control system used by Federal Aviation Administration in monitoring design of aircraft parts; design of acme nut, part of jackscrew assembly that controls horizontal rudders which failed sending plane spiraling out of control, received little attention from FAA; agency also seems to have paid scant attention to airlines' decision to increase number of hours between tests to measure ear on part (M)
Both Intel and the Federal Trade Commission, according to industry executives and antitrust experts, seem to have emerged with partial victories.
It will compete against new consoles from Microsoft and Nintendo.
Richard Doherty, a computer industry consultant and president of Envisioneering, said the dispute between Apple and RealNetworks intensified the debate about control over the sale and downloading of music.
But Mr. Brown of Dataquest contends that if AT&T, Sony and General Magic are willing to stay the course, the market will develop.
Hughes is 70 percent owned by the public and 30 percent owned by General Motors.
Even at that ratio, the Comcast shareholders would own just half the combined company.
Still, the situation was embarrassing to Microsoft, in part because the company also announced today the introduction of a so-called firewall software program that is intended to help stop such intrusions.
In 1964, when I.B.M.
An alliance of technology companies said today that it had filed a new complaint with European antitrust regulators about the Windows XP operating system of Microsoft, just as the regulators were nearing the end of an investigation into earlier versions of Windows.
A large part of his appeal is his record at General Electric: in 20 years at the helm, he increased the market capitalization by $400 billion.
Still, who lives in Seligman, Mo., and who herself works at a Wal-Mart, was looking through a rack of men's golf shirts recently at a Dollar General store in Pea Ridge, Ark.
American Express survey shows corporate travel departments are finding or demanding access to lower airfares, which sometimes are available only on airline or travel Web booking sites; finds two-thirds of corporate travel executives say they encourage booking advance-purchase nonrefundable tickets; Expedia.com is introducing page that lists many hotels offering high-speed Internet access in top 10 domestic business-travel cities; aviation consultant Michael Boyd says former Vice Pres Al Gore, who was searched at Reagan National Airport last week and searched again in Milwaukee before his return trip, is not only ex-vice president to receive full security treatment at airport; says former Vice Pres Dan Quayle has said he has been selected on several occasions for full treatment; business consultant Mark Ellwood has written book called Cut the Glut of E-Mail (Memo Pad column) (M)
After leaving Xerox in 1981, Dr. Kay directed long-term research at the Atari Corporation, the video game maker, and then went to Apple Computer, where he worked as a research fellow before joining Disney in 1996.
On Tuesday, many Japanese were shocked to learn that Lee R. Raymond, Exxon Mobil's chairman, sketched out the Chinese option during a meeting here Monday with Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi and Shoichi Nakagawa, minister of economy, trade and industry.
The American card accounts for about 3 percent of Citigroup's annual earnings per share, according to a report issued yesterday by Jon Balkind, a banking analyst for Fox-Pitt, Kelton.
A spokeswoman for Merck said yesterday that the company ''acted appropriately and responsibly in our development and marketing of Vioxx'' and would cooperate with the investigation.
European regulators let it be known last week that EMI posed the biggest obstacle to approval of the acquisition of Time Warner by AOL.
Just what Google or eBay's systems will save advertisers is the question.
In the last three years, Oracle spent more than $20 billion on acquisitions, including buying two of its most formidable competitors, PeopleSoft and Siebel.
(The smell of Starbucks coffee was deemed too difficult to duplicate.)
In declining the mediator's invitation to resume talks, Boeing said it had done ''everything possible and within reason to craft an offer that is fair, competitive and respectful'' to employees.
Like I.B.M.
Hoping to match its rivals in forming global alliances, the AT&T Corporation said today that it had teamed up with the telephone companies of Switzerland, Sweden and the Netherlands to provide advanced communication services to multinational corporations.
Intel has not suggested that manufacturers leave the switch turned off.
Apple Computer adopts an 'open source' policy and releases its source code, original instructions written by programmer, for server computers; says its Mac OS X Server will enable company to compete in hot market for small servers priced below $5,000; open source movement has been gathering momentum in corporate markets for several reasons; in addition to being easy to adapt and modify, it has reputation for being more stable than traditional software because growing number of programmers, many of who are developers, are continually fixing flaws they discover; open source has also developed reputation for being more secure than commercial software because its can be examined for loopholes by independent programmers (M)
AMG 162, which works through a new mechanism discovered by Amgen, would be given by injection once every six months.
A former bond trader for the Goldman Sachs Group contends in a lawsuit that the investment bank fired him last year because he was having an extramarital affair with a co-worker, and his boss had religious objections to the relationship.
TKT won a patent fight in Europe, where Amgen's patent protection was weaker.
They said that Coca-Cola, on average, paid its black employees nearly $27,000 a year less than it paid white employees.
And the Internet will continue to provide the ties that bind these various products into a Microsoftian whole -- but only, the memo warns, if the company continues to ward off the threats posed by the perceived nemeses of I.B.M., Netscape Communications, Oracle and Sun Microsystems, all of which the memo cites by name.
Under assault as never before, Wal-Mart is increasingly looking beyond the mainstream media and working directly with bloggers, feeding them exclusive nuggets of news, suggesting topics for postings and even inviting them to visit its corporate headquarters.
''Intel is playing the frequency hand,'' said Kevin Krewell, a senior analyst with The Microprocessor Report, a trade publication.
Comcast would also hope to get the video-on-demand rights to popular children's shows like ''Bob the Builder,'' ''Barney and Friends'' and ''Angelina Ballerina.''
Microsoft Corp's Windows 98, first major upgrade of its operating system software in three years, does not include revolutionary changes, as did Windows 95; new system, set for release in June, contains some new features already released, other features that will work only on newest computers and others that will not be useful until later in year, when new generation of peripheral devices begins to emerge; many users will have to upgrade computers and software; table; drawing (L)
The former Treasury secretary, Robert E. Rubin, who was named to a nonexecutive, senior position at Citigroup late last year reiterated that he would not be a candidate for the job.
Mr. Gagliardi said that as the acquisition goes forward, Texaco employees might have a difficult time adjusting to Chevron's methods.
In a telephone interview yesterday, Governor Rendell defended the prospective tax break, saying that a new Comcast headquarters ''could do for Philadelphia what Coca-Cola did for Atlanta'' decades ago by serving as a magnet for other corporate headquarters.
Ms. Johnson also pointed out that investors had enjoyed ample gains on Citigroup's shares, which have risen more than 40 percent in the last year alone.
However, Merck has never disclosed how extensively it planned that study, which was known inside the company as the Valor trial, or how close it came to starting it.
Weakened by a long slump in new orders, two large companies that manufacture satellites, Loral Space and Communications and Boeing, released bitter financial news yesterday.
But he seemed to contradict what he had said on Tuesday by stating in his letter that Morgan Stanley ''agrees the allegations are a matter of concern to retail investors.''
''The question is not whether Verizon is a larger, more financially sound company that possesses assets, such as wireless, that Qwest lacks,'' Bill Miller, the chief investment officer at Legg Mason, wrote in an angry letter to MCI.
Now Morgan Stanley owns her story.
''I'm kind of in shock that all these things are happening simultaneously,'' said Caroline Levy, a beverage analyst for Schroder & Company, who lowered her second-quarter earnings estimates for Coca-Cola to 39 cents yesterday from 41 cents.
Pfizer owns two buildings nearby on 42nd Street between Second and Third Avenues, one its world headquarters at 235 East 42nd Street and the other at No.219.
But they also indicate that Citigroup, itself a product of the brave new world of 1990's financial deregulation, is an unwieldy juggernaut.
TeleGeography, a research company, says AT&T and Verizon each handle 26 percent of the international calls in the United States, followed by IDT, with 17 percent, and Sprint, with 13 percent.
Stanley Works in New Britain, Conn., named Mullen to handle its account, which had been handled for nine years by Ammirati Puris Lintas in New York, a unit of the Interpublic Group of Companies.
Intel plans to introduce a simple digital camera that will sell for $149.95.
Indeed, some analysts say Microsoft may have a difficult time in court explaining the case for the overriding benefits of being an integrated company.
But Mr. Otellini defended the inventory levels, contending that Intel needed to build inventory so it could avoid the trouble it has had in the past with meeting customer demand.
''It really was a fire drill,'' said Gerard J. Lewis, Comcast's chief privacy officer.
Microsoft also warned today that the era of ''open computing,'' the free exchange of digital information that has defined the personal computer industry, is ending.
Analysts said the Travelers management had instilled a cost-cutting discipline that has Citigroup on track to surpass its stated goal of reducing annual expenses by $2 billion by the end of the year.
Kodak readily concedes that it will take at least three years for the printer to be profitable.
Greta McCaughrin, a professor of Russian at Washington and Lee University in Lexington, Va., said she sent a letter in 1999 to David Glass, the company's chief executive at the time, complaining that immigrant janitors from Russia were being mistreated at a nearby Wal-Mart.
calls ''conquest owners,'' people who own a Ford Taurus, Toyota Camry or other non-General Motors vehicle that is ripe for replacement.
The problems at Bristol-Myers Squibb now appear to extend beyond its partnership with ImClone and the expiration of patents on several top-selling drugs.
Even as Microsoft prepares to face penalties from the European Union, which accuses the company of abusing the Windows monopoly, new details about the tactics Microsoft used to secure a dominant position in software markets for nearly two decades are emerging in a state courthouse in Minneapolis.
''While the evidence does not prove that they would have succeeded absent Microsoft's actions, it does reveal that Microsoft placed an oppressive thumb on the scale of competitive fortune, thereby effectively guaranteeing its continued dominance in the relevant market.
For the 2007 fiscal year, which ends in June, Microsoft said its revenue would reach $50.2 billion to $50.7 billion, while profit would be $1.45 to $1.47 a share.
Space in Manhattan that was leased a while back for an annual rent of $40 a square foot may reasonably be said to be worth $70 a square foot in today's market, said Mr. Duca at Moody's Investors Service.
Symantec's stock price has risen more than 90 percent this year.
First Atlantic Capital sells Berry Plastics for $837.5 million to private equity arm of Goldman Sachs; board of First Atlantic and biggest investors, J P Morgan Partners and Aetna Life Insurance, approve transaction (M)
The decision came after a three-month review that had narrowed to DarkGrey and two other finalists: the Playa del Rey, Calif., office of TBWA/Chiat/Day, part of the TBWA Worldwide unit of the Omnicom Group, and JWT & Tonic in San Francisco, part of the J. Walter Thompson division of WPP Group.
Today, as a new witness took the stand, Microsoft played a new tape showing that the company is allowing computer manufacturers to customize the Windows desktop, the computer screen that users see when turning on the computer.
Mr. Hodgson acknowledged that Citigroup executives have already been somewhat penalized by the downturn in the company's stock price that began after last week's Argentina announcement and gained momentum with yesterday's WorldCom announcement.
Microsoft announced the concession at a federal court hearing in Washington, in which Justice Department lawyers said that delays by Microsoft in making the software code available were shortening the effective duration of agreement.
Besides being rivals, the companies have a deal for Google to sell ads on eBay sites overseas.
The boards of Hynix and Micron still must act on the terms of the memorandum before going into a final round of negotiations similar to the talks that G.M.
The benefits are substantial, says Lynn Fournier, director of tax credit investments for Kimberly-Clark.
He notes, for example, that the corn-based propane diol, a product used in carpet fibers that DuPont will begin selling this spring, offers better dye absorption and stain resistance than the petrochemical version DuPont now sells.
Cummins's revived local factory, for instance, will make light-duty engines for as-yet-unspecified new Chrysler vehicles -- probably light trucks, maybe sport utility vehicles.
The Express Scripts power play was testimony to the pressures drug-insurance middlemen like Express Scripts and Caremark are feeling as the $200 billion pharmacy benefits business changes around them.
Joanne Davis, president at Joanne Davis Consulting in New York, which is managing the review, identified the finalists as Cramer-Krasselt in Chicago; Martin/Williams Advertising in Minneapolis, part of the Omnicom Group; and Saatchi & Saatchi in New York, part of the Publicis Groupe.
And it tracks well with one of Apple's peripheral products, AirPort Express, which makes it possible to stream digital audio wirelessly to speakers in different rooms of a home.
US Appeals Court that will next hear appeal of government's antitrust case against Microsoft Corp has dealt with some of legal arguments in the past, handing company its most significant victory; seven judges who will be hearing case are Harry T Edwards, Stephen F Williams, Douglas H Ginsburg, David B Sentelle, A Raymond Randolph, Judith W Rogers and David S Tatel; photos (M)
began last May when Samuel J. Palmisano, I.B.M.
Citigroup, which neither admitted nor denied wrongdoing, will pay $128 million in ill-gotten gains with interest and $80 million in penalties.
Drug companies Gilead Sciences and Roche are fighting over rights to Tamiflu, influenza drug that is viewed as best hope for slowing possible global pandemic of bird flu; Gilead, which invented drug, says it wants to take back rights to drug from Roche, which makes and sells it; Gilead says Roche has not done enough to manufacture and promote drug, thereby violating 1996 contract between companies (M)
But now, bumping up against three other big players with a combined 40 percent market share, growth at Cintas has slowed, prompting the company to offer business services like document storage and to sell washroom and safety supplies and uniforms.
Technology Briefing
Barrage of lawsuits is filed against mutual funds, contending that they did not claim money due their investors from settlements of securities class-action lawsuits; complaints name more than 40 fund managers, including Merrill Lynch, Vanguard, Wells Fargo, Janus and Dreyfus, accusing them of violating their fiduciary duty to investors by failing to file claims for money from settlements of shareholder lawsuits (M)
And it says that Target, with its designer-inspired clothing and furniture, feels ''like the 'new and improved,' while Wal-Mart often feels like the 'old and outdated.'
Boeing's stock price, which at first plunged, has since recovered, rising 36 percent this year.
Starbucks will be selling ''For One More Day'' in about 5,400 stores in the United States, giving the publisher a way to get the book in front of new eyeballs.
He noted that Xerox hired independent investigators in Mexico only after its own investigation had confirmed that accounting fraud was taking place and that Xerox promptly fired the Mexican executives who had committed the fraud.
Nike, with $10.7 billion in sales, has carved out a profitable niche by lining up some of sport's biggest stars, among them LeBron James for $90 million; churning out sports shoes that can cost up to $150 a pair; and starting a chain of slick Niketown stores selling shoes, equipment and apparel.
MCI's board is likely to decide as early as next week whether to reject Qwest's bid outright, suggest to Qwest how to improve its bid or decide that Qwest's bid is superior and give Verizon time to revise its original offer.
At a time when few new carriers have emerged worldwide and several in the United States have gone bankrupt, Mr. Abed, who is now 40, has built an airline called Taesa into Mexico's third largest, after Aeromexico and Mexicana Airlines.
Susan Benedetto, 47, of Middletown, N.Y., who was shopping at the mall for school supplies at an Apple store for a son in college, said that she had bought only T-shirts from the Gap in recent seasons.
And they pointed out that Mr. Levin and Mr. Murdoch were joined at lunch by Richard D. Parsons, the president of Time Warner and a former Giuliani campaign official, but not by Ted Turner, Time Warner's vice chairman and the founder of CNN, who had most bitterly opposed granting access to Mr. Murdoch's news channel.
The letter will say that if MCI passed on any cost savings to the government from avoiding the access charges, Verizon could have claims against the government, the executive said, adding that if MCI did not pass on the savings, the government might itself have been defrauded by MCI.
Any change in direction by Apple means his company has to scramble.
By combining with the Boeing Company, McDonnell Douglas, which is based in St. Louis, will end its rich but troubled history as an independent company that played a vital role in making the United States a powerhouse in military and commercial aircraft.
''The big question is: Can Delphi get business from other auto companies in volumes to offset the loss of business from General Motors?''
The biggest obstacle to a settlement is the issue concerning the bundling of Microsoft's audio and video playing program, Media Player, into its Windows operating system.
Analysis of first week of trial in which Merck is being sued by widow and children of Robert Ernst, Texas man who died after taking company's presciption painkiller Vioxx; says plaintiffs' lawyer's questioning of Dr Nancy Santanello, senior Merck scientist, as adverse witness produced some cracks in Merck's defense, but left it standing (M)
Boeing has recently completed the design of new versions of its 737, 757 and 777 jetliners, leaving room for cuts in the development teams that worked on those projects.
EBay and Yahoo have already faced legal disputes in France.
''Nike has done the predictable thing, which is to ambush this event,'' said Scott Lange, executive vice president and chief marketing officer for the New York Road Runners Club.
Taubman Centers gained an important ally yesterday in its effort to thwart a hostile takeover bid from the Simon Property Group.
''Wal-Mart and Limited have a plausible argument, but it is really a jump ball case,'' said Donald I. Baker, the former head of the antitrust unit of the Justice Department.
The final price is expected to be around $5.3 billion because Cisco expects to acquire a cash balance of approximately $1.7 billion from Scientific-Atlanta.
Mr. Moss said the unionized Verizon workers, many of them schooled in strike tactics through years of employment at AT&T and Nynex (which merged with Verizon's predecessor, Bell Atlantic in 1997), hold a particularly potent weapon in New York because of their knowledge of the intricacies the city's telecommunications wiring -- and because of the wide publicity they are assured if the network is disrupted.
The technology-heavy Nasdaq composite index fell 34.20 points, or 2 percent, to 1,638.80, weighed down in part by losses in Intel and Microsoft, which are also among the 30 stocks in the Dow Jones industrial average.
The department sued the Microsoft Corporation last October, contending that one of the company's marketing practices violated its 1995 consent decree with the Government.
Advertising, said the agency has had ''extreme success with the Campbell brands'' it handles.
Amgen, a big biotechnology company based in Thousand Oaks, Calif., could pay Guilford up to $392 million in additional payments if the drugs are successful in 10 diseases specified in the agreement.
The chief executive of AT&T, Edward Whitacre, told Business Week last year that his company (then called SBC Communications) wanted some way to charge major Internet concerns like Google and Vonage for the bandwidth they use.
Mr. Frank said nothing had changed since last week, when Microsoft changed its mind and called off a hearing with European regulators and the complainants in the case.
''It's a sign of good faith to Honeywell shareholders.
The ranking of the firms most active in managing securities issues for the third quarter was led by Merrill Lynch & Company, which raised $59 billion, followed by Goldman, Sachs & Company, Salomon Smith Barney, Morgan Stanley Dean Witter and Lehman Brothers.
''These results are clearly disappointing,'' said Warren Jenson, chief financial officer for Electronic Arts, based in Redwood City, Calif. ''We missed our plan and we missed our forecast.''
Analysts have been monitoring the performance of Sky Italia, the satellite company of which News Corporation owns 80.1 percent.
In fact, a video clip  available on YouTube shows Boeing's test of the wing of a 777; using cables, the wing is bent upward about 24 feet at the tip before it breaks.
A computer science expert sparred with a Microsoft lawyer today over one of the central questions in the antitrust hearing: What should Microsoft be required to disclose about its Windows operating system to rival software developers, and when should it disclose it?
Many eBay users typically search by subjects, like country music or television shows, not names.
In a sense then, Apple's Mac Mini, which was introduced in January, is something of a return to the past.
The commission's majority also dismissed arguments from consumer groups that the merged company, to be known as AT&T Comcast, would have too much power over the market for television programming and other content.
Still Microsoft's version of P3P lacks the broad range and fine-tuning that Ms. Cranor's version of P3P contains, privacy advocates say.
I.B.M.
I.B.M.
Shares of Microsoft, which reported its results after the close of regular trading, rose 10 cents, to close at $26.11, then rose as high as $26.60 in after-hours trading.
Cisco had revenue of $5.9 billion, compared with $4.7 billion in the period a year earlier and $5.62 billion in the previous quarter.
In previous status reports, the Justice Department had complained that Microsoft's server licenses were focused on specialized tasks rather than the development of general-purpose server products.
Comcast also expanded its video-on-demand services and digital video recorder rentals.
He said the Cingular service would eventually be faster than what Verizon would offer.
With his elevation to chief executive, Mr. Bell became only the sixth chief executive at McDonald's, the youngest person ever to lead the company and the first non-American.
Netflix allows subscribers to rent an unlimited number of titles each month for $20, and customers can hold three DVD's at a time.
Among Google's clients are AOL Properties, Ask Jeeves, Netscape and here is where things get interesting Yahoo itself.
The ratings on CBS's prime-time shows could also slip, as network television's audience slowly drifts away to the Internet and other forms of entertainment.
But CBS moved the show from its established slot on Tuesdays at 9 p.m. to the 10 p.m. hour, where it lost more viewers, and weeks later, to Wednesdays at 8 p.m., where it has sunk even further.
Airbus's parent companies receive more in defense revenue than Boeing, according to American negotiators.
might not be able to maintain its growth in the face of Intel's arsenal of new products.
AOL has been discussing the possible merger of its cable operations with AT&T Broadband since July, when the Comcast Corporation made a unsolicited offer for AT&T Broadband that was rejected.
Iridium LLC, bankrupt global satellite telephone company, will begin sending 88 giant satellites spiraling toward Earth, ending one of the clossal corporate failures in recent memory; after spending more than $5 billion on system that promised to communicate with everyone, anytime, Iridium could muster only about 55,000 subscribers, not enough even to pay interest on its startup costs; company's shares plummeted months ago, and banks, bondholders and investors are left to wince at their staggering losses; Motorola, which started company, has written off more than $2.5 billion; Iridium is still holding out hope that someone will buy satellite network before complete shutdown; photo (M)
He has also insisted that his administration would not give companies tax incentives simply to stay in the city, and maintained that position in the case of Verizon, said Edward Skyler, the mayor's press secretary.
Russian Scientists for A.T.& T. and Corning
Aetna, which has grown rapidly through acquisitions of troubled companies that remained troubled, has gone through some wrenching changes.
''The notion that we need to misappropriate Intel's technology to compete is nonsense,'' Henry T. Nicholas, Broadcom's president and chief executive, said in the statement.
Verizon, the nation's largest telecommunications company, said the two sides were exchanging contractual language and completing documents.
Executives close to AT&T said this week that exploratory discussions were continuing with British Telecommunications about merging the business-services units of the two companies, though no deal was imminent.
Then Mr. Boies offered another Microsoft document showing that Netcom was actually able to control the browser choice of only a small percentage of the people who signed up for its service; most customers were handed to Netcom by computer makers, or by Netscape.
Two years ago, Mr. Oldham and his family sold their manufacturing operation and many of their trademarks and headed into mass retail with Target.
Even doing that, however, would make it impossible to use some on-line services like Prodigy, AT&T's Worldnet and Microsoft's MSN, Mr. Neukom said.
Such ''court shopping'' gives Intel the ability to select the appeals circuit with the least stringent interpretation of antitrust law.
According to the American Express survey, 44 percent of leisure travelers plan to spend more this year than last, and 39 percent said they expected to spend about the same amount.
It may be the clearest sign to date of the company's efforts to extend its advertising platform beyond the panoply of Yahoo sites.
The goal of Microsoft's ''Windows Media Everywhere'' strategy is to insinuate Media 9 Series technology into car sound systems, radios, DVD players, home stereos, portable music players, cellphones and other wireless devices, hand-held organizers and even cable set-top boxes.
Michael E. Kolowich, president of AT&T New Media Services, will join the company as vice president of business operations.
Omnicom Group acquires significant minority stake in Organic Online, which creates interactive advertising (S)
''That is roughly one Medco share for every eight Merck shares,'' Mr.
''Apple is one of the biggest brands in the world,'' Mr. Jobs replied.
BarnesandNoble.com, the second-largest online bookstore, and Borders's online store immediately matched Amazon.com's prices.
Both Omnicom and WPP have already reported results for those periods, which were robust.
The same logic helps to explain why an Internet access provider like America Online would want to merge with a traditional media conglomerate like Time Warner.
Ms. Buckley acknowledged that this arrangement was sure to cause some consternation among Nike's other retailers.
Indeed, analysts wondered if I.B.M.
Among them, a few attorneys general want to ''fence in'' Microsoft's cash reserve, $17.8 billion, to prevent the company from using it to buy other software companies and fold their products into the Windows operating system.
Microsoft lost the case, but a federal appeals court said the charge that the company engaged in anticompetitive tying should be reconsidered.
Thanks in part to its April 2004 acquisition of the FleetBoston Financial Corporation, Bank of America reported growth in both consumer and business loans and overall deposits.
ChevronTexaco, the second-largest American oil company after Exxon Mobil, will pay $4.4 billion in cash and issue 210 million shares for Unocal, valuing the company at $62 a share, which is only slightly lower than its closing price on Friday.
In particular, Microsoft officials expressed satisfaction with advances in their share of several markets and with sales of Windows 98, which they said was on track to match the first three months' sales of Windows 95, the best-selling software ever.
I.B.M.
''If you look at Boeing, the picture that you have is of a company that is generating a flood of cash,'' said Wolfgang Demisch, an investment banker at Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein, who has followed Boeing for years.
Wal-Mart and Home Depot Are Able to Increase Profits
AT&T, the country's largest phone company, still embraces that strategy.
Morgan Stanley Creates Fund Tied to Internet Index
Interpublic Group of Companies and Marvin Sloves, former top agency executive, say they have settled long and bitter series of legal disputes; settlement comes almost two months after panel from American Arbitration Association ruled against Interpublic in contract dispute with Sloves (S)
And I.B.M.
CBS executives promised lots of emotion.
Apple says it now expects earnings of 30 to 33 cents a share in the fourth quarter, well below the consensus estimate of 45 cents, according to First Call/Thomson Financial, which tracks company earnings.
While second-generation networks might deliver about 150 kilobits of data per second, Verizon's new system, which uses a third-generation CDMA add-on called EV-DO, delivers 300 kilobits or more of digital information.
Another element that lifted Bank of America to the upper deck of baseball marketing was its $48 billion acquisition of FleetBoston Financial on April 1.
But while the combined marketing push may help Johnson & Johnson protect a few hundred million dollars in sales, Mr. Lemaitre said he remained convinced that Boston Scientific would eventually seize the bulk of the American market.
Silver Spring, Md, once-ailing suburb that abuts District of Columbia and is linked to downtown Washington by subway, is enjoying renaissance, result of public involvement and private investment that is turning it into arts and entertainment center; center is anchored by Discovery Channel and American Film Institute and including new offices, hotels, theaters, restaurants and housing; Douglas M Duncan, former Montgomery County executive and now vice president for administrative affairs at University of Maryland in College Park, comments on negative reaction he received in mid-1990s when he pledged to revitalize area; photo (L)
I.B.M.
Intel said it notified A.M.D.
asserts that the company should have recognized a gain by accounting for the transaction at fair value,'' according to the Motorola filing.
Sanford I. Weill told Citigroup employees yesterday that he now planned to stay on as chairman until his scheduled retirement next April, ending an internal debate that spilled outside the bank over his plans to leave and start a private equity fund.
While the merger provides an added measure of long-term job security for workers, at least some of the deep roots of the company in those cities will be cut under the ownership of Boeing.
In addition to its traditional sales prowess, Dell has some new arrows in its quiver, thanks to its technology and services deals with I.B.M.
His Goodyear pay let him build a comfortable home for his wife and five children, with a new  computer in the dining room.
Joseph A Fried, lawyer who obtained numerous internal Ford Motor Co documents as part of civil suit, says Ford Mustang repeatedly failed Ford's internal crash tests for fuel tank integrity while it was being redesigned in early 1990's, but it met broader company guidelines and production version later passed government tests; although Ford officials acknowledge that Mustang did fail some tests, they strongly disagree there are any problems with Mustang's design, pointing out that it passed 1996 test conducted by National Highway Traffic Safety Administration; Fried has filed suit for family of Daniele Wright, who died from burn injuries suffered after collision involving her 1996 Mustang convertible (M)
Craig R. Barrett, the company's chief executive, told 5,000 people at the semiannual Intel Developer Forum here that he had seen a sharp slowdown in American manufacturing.
She was also one of 10 employees honored with a framed share of Fifth Third stock at a gala bank ceremony.
Advertising industry analysts and experts inside and outside advertising industry report that Interpublic Group of Companies has come a long way since executive shake-up on Feb 27, 2003, but that there is still much to be done before company can fully repair damage and move forward; say David A Bell, chairman and chief executive, has been able to strengthen Interpublic's balance sheet in last year (M)
Google also continued to expand the number of sites that display advertising it sells, while Yahoo is still absorbing the loss of its largest advertising client, MSN from Microsoft, which is selling its own advertising.
Editorial says Microsoft Corp is facing tough inquiry from European regulators who are concerned that company may use its Windows monopoly to control important new parts of tech world; says European Union has responsibility to prevent Microsoft from unfairly leveraging its monopoly; says ultimate goal is for US and Europe to develop global standards
Whirlwind of deals surrounding AT&T Corp's cable television ambitions raises concerns in Washington and in many high-technology quarters about prospects for competition in fast-growing communications industry; AT&T, having cleared way to become nation's biggest cable television company by acquiring Mediaone Group Inc, on May 5 also moves to brink of partnership with Microsoft Corp to increase Microsoft's role as supplier to AT&T's cable systems; AT&T, which two years ago seemed crippled giant losing ground to smaller, more nimble competitors, is poised to once again stand astride communications world; partnership between AT&T and Microsoft, which is still being negotiated, could appear as frightening as it is formidable to regulators and competitors; Senate antitrust subcommittee says that it will hold hearings into AT&T's acquisition of Mediaone; photo (M)
Mr. Kumar added, however, that it was possible Intel could recover fairly quickly from the inventory problem.
Intel did not forecast earnings, but predicted that its gross margins would probably slip to around 55 percent for the quarter before improving later in the year.
Berlin Cameron also creates campaigns for Coca-Cola brands like Dasani, Mello Yello and Nestea.
Ouster of American International Group's chief executive Maurice R Greenberg amid several regulatory inquiries brings to seven number of high-profile executives who have been replaced, mostly against their will, in last three months; corporate upheaval is strongest sign yet that boards are reacting forcefully to changes in governance put in place to clean up scandal-ridden landscape of last few years (M)
And for the next year or so, analysts say, Intel must revamp its manufacturing operations to produce a higher volume of chips, each of which will bring less profit for Intel as prices continue to fall.
Dell also said it would work with Microsoft on developing new servers that use InfiniBand technology, which supporters say moves data through computers more quickly.
But this time around, Kodak is steadily losing market share to Fuji, which has been undercutting Kodak's prices.
Mr. Bell joined Interpublic in 2001 when the agency he led, True North Communications, was acquired by Interpublic for $2.1 billion.
There, in November 1993, the chairman of Intel cut a fateful deal with his counterpart at a small but leading  maker of highly specialized computer work stations, the Intergraph Corporation.
The State of Virginia delayed the closing of a $767 million tobacco bond sale yesterday after the ratings on $18 billion in similar bonds were cut by Moody's Investors Service.
Exxon Mobil's reluctance to invest may simply reflect its conviction that the current high oil prices cannot last, that they are sure to come down soon.
Texas business climate has been lucrative for both Gov George W Bush and his running mate, Dick Cheney; Cheney, Halliburton Co chief executive since 1995, has gotten annual salary and bonus of $1.3 million to $3 million, along with stock options and stock (M)
Two economists, Mark Zandi and Juan Manuel Licari of Moody's Economy.com, detailed the dangers recently.
Global Crossing guaranteed them $63 worth of stock for each of their Frontier shares, but only so long as Global Crossing's shares stayed above $34.56.
Motorola still expects most of its businesses to have healthy growth prospects ''over the next several years,'' he said, but the company is less certain of its previous predictions that the economy will steadily improve over the next year and a half.
John S. Reed, co-chief executive of the financial services giant Citigroup, said yesterday that he planned to retire on April 18 after the company's annual meeting.
And CNN hopes to eventually create new types of business news reports exclusively for AT&T, and to deliver them directly to computers, telephones, televisions or interactive pagers.
Amazon shares fell as much as $5.23 in after-hours trading.
Ali Rausche, an intern at Hugo Boss, flounced down Madison Avenue last week in the $60 prairie skirt she had found at Urban Outfitters.
''The one thing they can't do is try to knock Wal-Mart out.''
Any problems with torcetrapib would be a serious setback for Pfizer, the world's largest drug company.
The Interpublic turnaround ''is a process, and every once in a while you get a surprise,'' he said, adding: ''My job is to make sure there are fewer surprises.
Boeing dismissed the EADS overture -- outlined in a letter to the European Union trade commissioner, Peter Mandelson -- as old news.
But at the same time, these countries could be making themselves independent of Microsoft with free software.''
At the same time, ''Verizon Wireless and Cingular have all sorts of other opportunities for buying other companies.''
The Rockwell deal made Boeing one of the top manufacturers of satellite components, while McDonnell Douglas had long been one of the leading makers of big rockets.
In a confidential written response to the European Commission's allegations that the company had abused Windows' market dominance, Microsoft wrote that imposing compulsory licensing would violate international copyright law, according to a person with a copy of the response.
Multibillion-dollar setttlement of asbestos-related health claims that Halliburton inherited when it bought Dresser Industries in 1998 hinges on idea of contained bankruptcy and, if it works, may offer way out labyrinth of litigation that has hounded dozens of companies, sometimes for decades, while delaying payouts to claimants who have been disabled or killed by asbestos; was driven by three developments: growing fear of asbestos liability, which if not dealt with quickly has had devastating consequences for companies, interest of claimants to receive compensation quickly, ideally from solvent companies, and claimant lawyers' fear that legislation might be enacted limiting corporate liability; lawyers describe how they reached settlement, which calls for Halliburton subsidiaries, but not Halliburton itself, to file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy and for Halliburton and subsidiaries to contribute to trust to pay claimants; photo (M)
New program Amazon Connect features author blogs and extended personal profile pages on company's online bookstore site; Amazon hopes to enhance connections between authors and fans and in turn sell more books; is one of many players in publishing business trying to find new ways to increase visibilty of authors amid flat book sales; photo (M)
Lawyers now estimate that Merck will face 35,000 to 40,000 lawsuits, rather than the 100,000 that were initially forecast, and investors have lowered their estimates of the company's overall liability in the litigation to $10 billion or less, rather than the $20 billion or more initially forecast.
The Microsoft Corporation, which was forced to scramble to catch up after a sluggish start on the Internet a few years ago, is moving to insure that it is at the forefront of Internet research.
European antitrust regulators meet in Brussels to decide whether concessions submitted by Time Warner and its proposed partners, America Online and the EMI Music Group, are sufficient to allay European concerns that planned deals will choke competition in Internet distribution of music (S)
In exchange for giving up control of the .net and .org registries earlier than required in its original contract, VeriSign would not be required to sell its lucrative business registering domain names for consumers.
On pages that display registration data for domain names that are already taken -- including names that have expired and are awaiting a renewal payment -- VeriSign offers visitors the opportunity to make a bid for those names through its GreatDomains service.
Mr. Wyman said Mr. Galvin intended to sell the remaining 200,000 shares if Motorola's share price was within certain parameters, which Mr. Wyman declined to discuss.
Beating out a competing bid by the General Motors Corporation, the Honda Motor Company announced today that it had won the right to manufacture passenger cars at a plant in southern China.
The moves undo part of a realignment Kellogg made in May that gave Thompson, part of the WPP Group, worldwide responsibilities for brands like Corn Flakes and Special K.
Several industry analysts have predicted that the loss of subscribers to some of the six major carriers -- Nextel, Verizon Wireless, T-Mobile, AT&T Wireless, Sprint PCS and Cingular Wireless -- could turn the weaker providers into acquisition targets now that customers can more easily vote with their feet.
Investment bank W R Hambrecht & Co uses method it calls OpenIPO to use auctions to sell initial public offering of stock; Google used system when search company went public 18 months ago; Dutch auction process collects bids from interested investors and groups them by how much each is willing to pay until it reaches highest price company can sell all shares; Hambrecht worked with Morgan Stanley and Credit Suisse to manage Google's IPO; popularity of auction method has grown since success of sale; photos (M)
The rivals said that during court hearings that will be required on the proposed settlement, they intended to provide evidence of what they say was an improper discussion between a senior aide to Attorney General John Ashcroft who had been a top official in the Republican Party and a Republican lobbyist for AOL-Time Warner that demonstrated Microsoft's political muscle.
Given the Justice Department's antitrust investigation, and all the resulting public attention, the Microsoft staff refers jokingly to the Washington office as ''ground zero.''
Motorola also said that it expected some car manufacturers to begin supplying Symphony-equipped radios in new cars in 2004.
Internal Revenue Service memo written in September 1998 by C Ashley Bullard, IRS district director in Cincinnati, states that one cash-balance pension plan may violate age-discrimination laws; name of company that was subject of memo was blacked out, but according to people close to matter, it refers to Onan Corp, subsidiary of Cummins Engine Co; memo is released by Rep Bernard Sanders; cash-balance pension plans have become popular with employers because they are cheaper and can offer better benefits to young workers unlikely to spend their career in one place; but middle-aged employees at number of companies that have converted to cash-balance plans have complained about benefit reductions that they say can take away up to 50 percent of value of their pensions (M)
Honeywell's board recessed until 5 p.m. on Saturday to give Mr. Bonsignore and Mr. Welch time to negotiate.
One executive close to Pfizer said, ''This is getting more press than Viagra.''
Floyd Norris assesses Citigroup's announcement that it plans to sell 20 percent stake in its Travelers Property Casualty unit to public next year and then spin off rest to its shareholders; notes that this is not first time that Sanford Weill, chief exec of Citigroup, has traded this stock, and he must be given credit for excellent timing (M)
AOL Time Warner, Yahoo and the Microsoft Network voiced support for the Internet Content Ratings Association, which promotes the worldwide adoption of tools for blocking sites that are included in the major Internet browser programs.
APRIL 3, 2000 -- Judge Jackson finds that Microsoft violated the Sherman Antitrust Act, ''maintained its monopoly power by anti-competitive means,'' and tried to monopolize the browser market.
The new millennium story for Microsoft, which is in Redmond, Wash., is that the company that once had a laser focus on the personal computer desktop has now decided to place ambitious bets across the length and breadth of the computer industry.
The Intel Corporation said today that its sales would remain on target for the third quarter, signaling that the industry continues to bump along the bottom of the sharpest decline in its history.
The current proposals related to America Online are significantly narrower than those under discussion earlier this year, which began when Microsoft bid to become the provider of Web search on AOL, displacing Google.
Mr. Soriani defended the payments for a backup software system, which he called ''an insurance policy'' in case I.B.M.
Because the first signs of trouble came from sensor readings in Columbia's left wing, the Boeing reports are now under intense scrutiny by NASA and the accident investigation board.
Last year, according to International Data Corporation estimates, Microsoft sold 5.9 million copies of Windows 3.11 (the big-fix version of 3.1).
Just days after it announced deep job cuts in Europe, the General Motors Corporation is battling a wildcat strike at one of its biggest German auto plants, and a threat of wider disruptions.
Excerpts from European Union's statement on its finding that Microsoft broke European Union copetition law, and comments from Microsoft chief executive Steven A Ballmer and general counsel Brad Smith (M)
Now, Mr. Case says, he wants to evolve once more as chairman of Time Warner: ''I hope my personal legacy is not about making money.
''The settlement with the commission effectively resolves Xerox's outstanding issues with the S.E.C.,'' Anne M. Mulcahy, the Xerox chairwoman, said in a statement.
Shares of Morgan Stanley fell 65 cents yesterday, to $51.75.
Microsoft's Internet Explorer 4.5 browser for the Mac featured many technogoodies, like a page-print preview option, that were not included in the concurrent Windows versions, and Internet Explorer 5 for Mac has even more.
In response to a question, Mr. Allen said A.T.&T.
Such a step would be particularly risky, Microsoft insists, because it is ''legally baseless'' -- out of all proportion to the evidence in the antitrust trial and even to Judge Jackson's ruling that Microsoft is a monopoly that illegally used its market power.
Even Motorola plans to begin routing some inquiries from the United States to the Philippines later this year.
The companies have headquarters just 15 miles apart -- Hologic in Bedford, Mass., and Cytyc in Marlborough, Mass.
The service, which is known as BET.Com, is scheduled to be introduced on Nov. 1 and will replace the company's existing joint venture with Microsoft, MSBET.
Six female employees sue Wal-Mart Stores charging widespread bias against women workers, Federal court; suit, which seeks class-action status on behalf of some 700,000 current and former female workers, charges chain has two work forces, with women predominantly assigned to lowest-paying posts with least chance of promotion; involves three private law firms and three nonprofit legal groups that have worked together to interview dozens of women across nation; holds women represent only third of Wal-Mart managers, compared with 56 percent of managers at largest competitors; Wal-Mart denies systemic discrimination (M)
The marketing alliance came as Home Depot diversified geographically and demographically.
While Biogen's data appear strong enough for the drug to gain marketing approval from the Food and Drug Administration, Chiron and its marketing partner, the Berlex unit of Schering A.G., will have the market to themselves for the 18 months to 2 years that the approval process will require.
Microsoft researchers are exploring other ways to exploit clues about the context of a search as well as conversational-style interfaces that will be more powerful than the way users now enter and modify search terms, Ms. Dumais said.
So it hit me hard when Amazon.com recently announced a change in its privacy policy.
American Airlines begins seeking commitments for up to $2 billion in financing should it decide to seek bankruptcy protection; financing would be led by Citigroup; Association of Professional Flight Attendants president John Ward says Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing could come in near future (M)
The deal increases Marsh & McLennan's business with the largest corporations in Europe and with midsized companies in the United States, the two main areas that Sedgwick had developed.
''Let them know that you are troubled that the CSX-Conrail plan could be pushed through, depriving Conrail shareholders of the best offer,'' David R. Goodes, Norfolk Southern's chairman, told investors and analysts yesterday at a conference sponsored by Salomon Brothers.
At the time, publishers grumbled and started to think about alternate ways, like FedEx, to deliver their magazines to subscribers.
American Express Co, General Electric and ProAssurance are among companies that plan huge write-offs in second quarter because of exposure to WorldCom; American Express will write down about $90 million; General Electric write off $110 million (M)
For example, Microsoft has asserted that the government proposal made expansive claims for the increased competition it says would come from a breakup.
Her style signatures -- hippie beads, peasant skirts and bare feet -- ''communicate individuality in a very casual, cool, soulful sexy way we see as quintessential Gap,'' Mr. Jones said.
Chocolate boutiques have cropped up, Starbucks-like, on every corner.
Both bidders are racing against an Aug. 10 deadline, when Unocal's shareholders will be asked to approve or reject Chevron's offer.
AOL, in fact, has pounded Microsoft's MSN Web network at every opportunity.
Amazon is increasingly trying to replicate the success of eBay, an online marketplace that is growing faster and more profitably than Amazon.
's latest proposal is dependent on an agreement with regulators that would permit it to divest itself of less of Honeywell's avionics business, the executives said.
Microsoft had originally projected sales as high as 6.5 million for the year, but the system has so far done poorly, particularly in Europe and Japan.
Boeing, for its part, is basing its long-term long-haul strategy on nonstop, point-to-point flights (not just to huge hubs but to smaller ones) that offer greater frequency than the A380 will.
On the sprawling Nike campus just outside of town, company officials recently watched Tiger Woods hit golf balls across a green the size of a football field.
But, in remarks that suggest an upturn is not imminent, Cisco's chief executive said customers had grown even more cautious about spending.
In a later ruling, in November 2000, Judge Gomez concluded that available technology would allow Yahoo to take reasonable steps to identify and block the disputed material from French eyes -- thus allowing American users, for example, to continue to view the content.
American Express, another client of Ogilvy & Mather, is adapting its campaign featuring celebrity card holders for the Open.
In addition to obtaining the colon cancer drug, Amgen will be relieved of having to pay Abgenix future royalties on sales of another drug, denosumab, a treatment for osteoporosis that is now in clinical trials.
The announcement was sketchy on details, but industry analysts said the agreement was a significant endorsement for I.B.M.
Once again, Microsoft promises that this upgrade will provide greater stability, better Internet integration, better plug-and-play connection to a new generation of peripheral devices, a better help system and what the company calls ''fit and finish work, including fixing the top issues and bugs currently in Windows 95.''
But Ms. Oliver said that Time Warner's lawyers had made it clear that they were disinclined to allow Mr. Garbus in the case.
''Everyone has been talking to everyone since AOL-Time Warner,'' said an investment banker actively involved in the media industry.
Communications Workers of America and International Brotherhood Electrical Workers at Verizon Communications announce that more than 75,000 workers have voted overwhelmingly to authorize strike if no contract is reached by Aug 2; Verizon spokesman Eric Rabe says votes do not mean that strike will take place; Verizon is seeking more flexibility to lay off and transfer workers; also wants workers to pay higher share of health care costs; CWA is asking that Verizon agree to ways of making it easier to form union for almost 20,000 workers at Verizon Wireless (M)
World Business Briefing
The witnesses have departed, but the paper wars began today in the Microsoft antitrust trial as both sides presented the court with book-sized documents detailing what each camp believes are the facts of the case.
Yahoo Japan's earnings for second quarter more than doubled, to 1.1 billion yen, while sales soared 84 percent, to 4.9 billion yen ($39.2 million), from year ago (S)
One big difference between Amazon and traditional grocers, of course, is that grocery stores can sell perishables.
Intel, Already With Operations in China, Appears Ready to Build a Chip Plant There
The chairman of a young, fast-growing software company testified at a Senate hearing today that the Microsoft Corporation had introduced a competing product that crippled his company's most recent technology.
WITHOUT any fanfare or hoopla, Wal-Mart rolled out its redesigned Internet site on Jan. 1.
A federal judge ruled last spring that Microsoft held a competition-stifling monopoly in personal computer operating systems with a market share of roughly 85 percent.
Currently, 78 Boeing Business Jets, which cost about $40 million each, not including custom interiors, are in service.
Intel had been betting that it could break the chip market into two incompatible segments, one for 32-bit designs and one for 64-bit designs.
Pfizer will hold a meeting with analysts today to review drugs it is working on.
Adelphia Communications and more than 200 of its subsidiaries file for bankruptcy protection; company, which has been under investigation by Securities and Exchange Commission and two federal grand juries, says it will continue to provide cable service to more than 3,500 towns and cities and that employees will continue to be paid; arranges loan of $1.5 billion to help it reorganize with J P Morgan Chase and Citigroup as lead banks (M)
Their reasoning is that the market has already rendered obsolete whatever anticompetitive tactics Intel may have employed in the past.
In 1980 a jury awarded MCI millions of dollarsin damages for its suit against A.T.& T., which was settled five years later for an undisclosed sum.
Mr. Waxman and Representative John D. Dingell, Democrat of Michigan, asked that special attention be paid to ''allegations that Halliburton has received special treatment from the administration.''
Who, after witnessing what Intel did to Compaq and friends, would lend anybody the hundreds of millions of dollars, if not billions, to take on Intel?
Besides, companies like United Airlines, American Express and General Motors -- each with millions of customers, and each determined to exploit Internet commerce itself -- were simply not going to relinquish their customer data to another company operating an online identity system, and certainly not to Microsoft.
AT&T said it would make the phones available later this year to corporate buyers and beginning selling them commercially in the first quarter of 1997.
Previously, General Mills had paid its agencies using a mix of methods, which included commissions based on the amount of money spent on ads regardless of their effectiveness, performance incentives and the results of annual evaluations.
''We have studied Honeywell and about every other company in the world till the cows come home,'' a high-spirited Mr. Welch said in a telephone interview late Sunday afternoon.
In the lobby of the high-rise building that houses hundreds of Intel engineers, Mr. Prasad's photograph hangs on Intel's wall of fame with pictures of a dozen other company engineers who have filed for patents from India.
General Mills-Pillsbury Deal Includes Culture and History
The tempest over Mr. Weill's desire to depart early sank Citigroup's shares in a week already filled with bad news for the bank.
Lenovo's intention to move its headquarters to New York was announced when I.B.M.
Documents from lawsuits against Johnson & Johnson show that the company did not conduct safety studies urged by federal regulators and their own consultants that could have revealed Propulsid's danger early on.
With the number of Vioxx-related lawsuits soaring, the drug maker Merck may consider offering settlements to plaintiffs in a few cases, the company's general counsel suggested yesterday.
Microsoft said it had 500,000 to 770,000 D.S.L.
Microsoft's internal data load quadruples about every 18 months, Mr. Atkins said.
While eBay will acquire Skype's 54 million users in 225 countries and territories, the company said it was not interested in becoming a telecommunications provider or challenging traditional phone providers.
screen and is powered by a 1.2-gigahertz Intel Centrino processor, 256 megabytes of memory and a 20-gigabyte hard drive.
''There will be three -- four, max -- global, comprehensive Web on-line services,'' said Jeffrey Mallett, the chief operating officer of Yahoo.
Despite the slowdown, China propelled General Motors' Asian operations to earn more than G.M.
Back at the table, he lifted his soda for a toast; Taesa had just gotten permission to fly another route in Mexico, giving the airline more than 30 destinations there.
The Boeing Company stunned Wall Street yesterday by announcing that unexpected production delays in the booming market for its commercial planes will cost $2.6 billion and erase a good portion of the company's profits.
Wal-Mart plans to begin selling the brand in July.
Compaq Computer, the Intel Corporation and the Microsoft Corporation, three titans of the personal computer world, announced the group's formation in January along with the nation's six largest local telephone companies.
Shareholders of the troubled General Motors approved two proposals on Tuesday aimed at giving them more influence over the way directors are elected, the first time they have defied G.M.
Nike's total sales dropped from $9.6 billion in fiscal 1998 to $8.8 billion in fiscal 1999.
While some earlier editions of Visionaire have run to what Fernanda Kellogg, Tiffany's executive vice president, deemed themes ''more outrageous than anything we would be a part of,'' the love edition was a natural for the company, whose engagement rings support the bottom line.
Mattel, which has said the suit is baseless, will now have to battle in court.
Merck recently withdrew Vioxx, a drug similar to Bextra, after a longer and better-controlled study showed that it doubled the risk of heart attack and stroke.
Bank of America, which is based in Charlotte, N.C., but has a strong California franchise, will pay an estimated $48 billion in stock for FleetBoston's robust presence in the Northeast and for access to some of the wealthiest households in the country.
Xerox, which said last week that it had agreed to pay a $10 million fine, the largest ever in an S.E.C.
GlaxoSmithKline and Bristol-Myers Squibb have held preliminary talks about possibility of merger; executives say negotiations have been exploratory only, considering whether GlaxoSmithKline purchase of Bristol-Myers would work rather than details of how to execute it (M)
The Northrop Grumman Corporation, the nation's third-largest military contractor, agreed to buy TRW Inc. for $7.8 billion in stock yesterday, in a deal that will make Northrop almost as large as the Lockheed Martin Corporation and the Boeing Company.
International Data has not yet published its summary of last year, I.B.M.
The News Corporation's A.D.R.
Submarine operated by remote control retrieves flight data recorder of Egyptair Boeing 767, which crashed inbto Atlantic off Nantucket Island shortly after leaving Kennedy International Airport on November 1; National Transportation Safety Board investigators begins evaluation; black box was discovered in 245 feet of water (M)
Instead, you must rely on what the buyers at Costco deem staples, and those staples, interestingly, say a lot about what ingredients are now ''normal'' needs for the average shopper.
Though online advertising has slowed, Yahoo Japan started charging for its market-leading auction site and provides high-speed Internet access.
This is full-powered software for professionals; weekend hobbyists may be happy to stick with Adobe Elements 2.0 ($99), which will probably include some of this new technology in a year or so.
The judge cited evidence that Microsoft had charged I.B.M.
Microsoft's operating system software provides the basic instructions on nearly 9 of every 10 PC's sold.
The Walt Disney Company is not having the brightest of summers.
The news, announced after the close of trading, caused shares of Electronic Arts to fall as much as 13 percent in after-hours trading, after closing down 38 cents at $66.35.
The company also had sizable losses from such new activities as the Fox News cable channel, satellite operations in Latin America and various Internet ventures.
Rather, he said, such information could be made available to law enforcement, say, by subpoena, under circumstances Comcast could not control.
Shares of Adobe Systems Inc slide 13.3 percent after it warns that it will miss its earnings and sales forecasts this quarter (S)
And though Microsoft denies it, many analysts say they think the company hopes a Republican administration will drop the breakup idea.
To smaller software companies, Google's strategy appears to have the same competitive impact as Microsoft's tried-and-true practice of bundling more software programs and features into its Windows operating system.
Mr. Buffett said he thought that by seeking bids, Coke would assure that its valuation was fair.
Some Wal-Mart employees said workers might be afraid to speak up because they have seen coworkers retaliated against -- for instance, transferred to worse shifts when they voiced their complaints.
The I.B.M.
He said AT&T's complaint was part of a broader campaign to influence the outcome of Federal communications legislation.
NEC has been losing ground to Fujitsu in the battle to expand its Internet services business, and the partnership with eAccess, a start-up backed by Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Company and Goldman, Sachs & Company, is aimed at regaining momentum, company officials said.
Yet marketing experts say Microsoft should watch for any hint of declining support.
In a research note dated Oct. 21, Steven Kent, an analyst at Goldman, Sachs, wrote that with CBM, Marriott may be setting itself up ''to take a charge down the road.''
A company spokesman, Michael Sullivan, said the moves were routine cuts that were part of Intel's pricing strategy.
But David R. Stewart, deputy general counsel for RealNetworks, said Tuesday that Microsoft was still not ready to comply with the European ruling.
But after several months, Boeing announced that it would add the jet to its product line and christened it the 717.
New Director May Shake Up Meeting of Mattel's Board
The Federal Trade Commission said yesterday that it was investigating whether Bristol-Myers Squibb and a small California company called American Bioscience might have illegally colluded to keep the lower-cost, generic version of Bristol's top-selling cancer drug, Taxol, off the market.
Investors had already been concerned about Aon because it has been struggling with a sweeping reorganization that, contrary to expectations, has increased expenses.
It came minutes before a lawyer for the agency would have switched on a projector and laid out the statistical evidence against the firm, and it averted the possibility that a jury could find Morgan Stanley, one of the most prestigious firms on Wall Street, guilty of sex discrimination.
But the model that Intel showed today to demonstrate its contentions offers processing power of only 500 megahertz on house current or 300 megahertz on battery power.
The recent Xerox decision involved complaints that the company was paying lump sums that were smaller than the real value of the benefits the retirees had earned.
Marsh & McLennan bought Kroll in July.
Still, left to my own devices I would have made a choice based solely on price, flipping a coin between Amazon.com and BN.com, both of which were discounting the hardcover book by 40 percent, to $17.99.
She said the company had had ''no interaction'' with the S.E.C., although the purchase did require approvals by the Justice Department and regulators in states where either Aetna or Prucare does business.
Paul S. Ottelini, the president and chief operating officer, said Intel would ship more than a million Centrino chips in this quarter.
As is typical in such settlements, Citigroup denied that it violated any laws and said it agreed to the arrangement to eliminate the uncertainties, burden and expense of litigation.
The Starbucks Coffee Company and the Microsoft Corporation said yesterday that they would join forces to offer wireless access to the Internet from Starbucks coffeehouses.
Given the financial tumult engulfing the company, Moody's officials asked for a face-to-face meeting, Ms. Chrosniak said.
Shares of General Motors fall to 12-year low as company's annual meeting with labor leaders yields little hope that workers might take on significantly greater share of health care costs; company also spends day dismissing rumors of bankruptcy filing and playing down subpoena from Securities and Exchange Commission related to probe of its largest supplier, Delphi; United Auto Workers' leaders squelch speculation that they might agree to reopen negotiations and offer GM's management relief before contract expires in 2007 (M)
To protect against that risk, the three companies and a group of policyholders asked Pennsylvania regulators for public hearings and full disclosure of details in the Cigna plan.
AT&T's Operating Profit Rose 12% in Third Quarter
The earthquake in Seattle last week may have set the computers at Boeing shaking like Jell-O, but that will probably not delay the company's souped-up Boeing 747X, designed to be the world's longest-range airplane when it has its debut four years from now.
Shares of Intel declined 24 cents, to $20.06 on Tuesday, while A.M.D.
Analysts say, however, that some revisions Xerox made to first-quarter numbers added $50 million to net worth, so few analysts expect the reduction to jeopardize Xerox's loan standing.
Federal antitrust prosecutors propose schedule for remaining proceedings in Microsoft Corp antitrust case that by taking years to conclude could have limited effect on company's new operating system, Windows XP; prosecutors ask that hearings to determine how to penalize Microsoft begin in February, more than three months after introduction of Windows XP; Microsoft has denied accusations by rivals and critics that Windows XP, by integrating many different computer applications, presents even more antitrust problems than earlier versions of operating system that were at issue in lawsuit (M)
If you are still having problems printing documents from Word, Microsoft has a lengthy page of tips for troubleshooting printing problems with its Office software on its Web site at support.microsoft.com/kb/870622.
Yahoo Inc., the leading Internet search company, said today that it would take a pretax charge of $21.2 million against its second-quarter earnings, reflecting its decision to buy its way out of a joint venture with Visa International.
SINCE last month, shoppers browsing the seafood counter at Whole Foods markets nationwide have been greeted by banners proclaiming: ''Welcome back Chilean sea bass!''
In fact, Verizon is complaining that the transition has sharply increased its workload.
Late Tuesday, the union extended the Ford Motor Company contract for an indefinite time.
Amgen's shares, after initially falling, closed at $66.92, up 17 cents.
engineers have been assigned to the unit since it quietly began operating in June, and that total is expected to top 1,000 by next spring, said Pat Toole, general manager of the unit, which is named IBM Engineering and Technology Services.
But Lucent has made great strides closing the gap, and yesterday, as Ciena was disclosing its deal, Lucent announced a trial in which the Microsoft Corporation had agreed to outfit its internal network with Lucent's version of the sort of gear made by Ciena.
Newsroom employees at Dow Jones have hoped for a rival bidder, predicting that Rupert Murdoch, who controls the News Corporation, would not invest in the serious journalism that The Journal and the company's other properties have been known for.
Shares of Tyson Foods, which has a large beef-packing plant in Alberta, dropped 4.9 percent, to $9.01.
Treasury securities rose for the second consecutive session yesterday, as the pricing of a huge debt issue by Wal-Mart Stores Inc. failed to hurt the sale of United States Government paper.
These are crucial technologies in the emerging markets for online media and Internet commerce, where Microsoft, not yet dominant, has many rivals.
"It's not something I would consider at this point in my career," Mr. Shay remarked confidently as he walked from the giant building that houses 4,000 employees, part of the more than 50,000 AT&T workers in New Jersey alone.
The Aetna U.S. Healthcare operating earnings, before Year 2000 costs, were $127.1 million, up from $112.9 million in the 1998 quarter.
Nokia and I.B.M.
I.B.M.
The General Electric Company announced another round of promotions yesterday in preparation for the retirement next April of its chairman, John F. Welch Jr.
Accounts and employees of Jack Levy Associates are moving to K&R/MARC as Levy closes its doors; Zenith Worldwide is opening Zenith Interactive Services unit; names Bryan McCarter to head unit as managing director; Bozell Kamstra Advertising & Public Relations forms strategic alliance with Origin Communications; Interpublic Group of Cos acquires minority stake in Oak Lawn Marketing, Japanese company (M)
Sales of acai berries to US is offering security to farmers in Brazilian Amazon; California-based Sambazon offers guaranteed contracts that allow hundreds of peasant families to lock in price for bulk of their crop before harvest; map; photos (M)
Sister Eisner said the agreement barred Merck from conducting research on the Emmanuel campus using stem cells from ''electively aborted fetuses'' and allows college officials to bring up any objections they might have to any future research.
Indeed, the size of the deal underscored just how rapidly the office-supply business had grown in the last decade, when companies like Staples, Office Depot and Officemax began catering to the growing home-office and small-business markets, slashing prices on products that used to be the province of mom and pop stationery stores.
Market Place column examines Northrop Grumman Corp's hostile $2.1 billion bid for Newport News Shipbuilding, trying to wrest company away from General Dynamics (M)
Led by the government-owned Korea Development Bank, creditors holding 77.3 percent of Hynix's debts voted on Monday to approve the deal with Micron.
Chase had begun issuing credit cards five months after the Bank of America's introduction in Fresno in 1958.
In the release Apple stated that it now planned to give Macintosh software developers a test version of the program when they attend the company's Worldwide Developers Conference in early June and that the final software would ship in October.
At the core of the case is a contention that Coca-Cola Enterprises tried to take over Miller's customers, which include vending machines and small stores.
Andrew Butcher, a spokesman for News Corporation, said the stadium issue had nothing to do with the deal.
Coca-Cola executives acknowledge the risks they are taking with the pricing strategy and the departure from Coca-Cola norms, but they said they believe the risks are necessary to achieve the desired growth.
The Justice Department and 19 states assert that Microsoft did precisely that by bundling its Internet Explorer browser with its Windows operating system.
New Motorola cellphone opens to provide keyboard and color screen for e-mail, instant messaging and text; photo (S)
Amazon.com, the No.
Instead, the company said it would develop, for the same use, a longer-lasting form of G-CSF, a protein already sold as Neupogen by Amgen.
RealNetworks plans to announce on Tuesday that it is putting its digital music offerings on sale at half price as part of an aggressive strategy to force its way onto Apple Computer's popular iPod digital music player.
General Electric Co is close to selling its satellite services unit to Societe Europenne des Satellites of Luxembourg for about $5 billion in cash and stock; satellite unit has 15 satellites in orbit that provide television and radio service nationwide (M)
The I.B.M.
Out of the 60,000 titles in Netflix's inventory, I ask, how many do you think are rented at least once on a typical day?
Revenue from eBay's marketplaces, which include auctions and storefronts, rose to $1.028 billion in the quarter, a 22 percent increase.
MediaTalk; Amazon's Chairman Tries the Literary Life
Analysts had expected Chevron to report earnings of $2.21 a share.
The optimistic signal came as Apple reported quarterly results that underlined the challenge the company faces.
I.B.M.
The development of Core chips is the first in a series of bet-the-company moves that Mr. Otellini is making to stave off the challenge posed by Intel's rival, Advanced Micro Devices.
Group of technology companies, led by Cisco Systems Inc and Motorola Inc, says it will form alliance to create products that will allow consumers to get high-speed Internet access through wireless system within next year; consortium is essentially backing alternative to delivering broadband Internet access through underground cables and wires (M)
Maybe Microsoft's new Windows XP operating system really is better than the Windows version you might currently be using.
Microsoft made the disclosure before it was presented in the trial of the antitrust case brought by the Justice Department to contest the Oracle Corporation's hostile $7.7 billion bid for PeopleSoft.
Jones, on the other hand, is still involved in a messy divorce with Polo Ralph Lauren.
Christian Morales, 47, was named earlier this month as co-general manager of European operations for Intel.
The Microsoft Corporation warned computer users today that someone posing electronically as a company executive had fooled VeriSign Inc, a provider of digital signatures, into issuing fraudulent electronic certificates in Microsoft's name.
Shareholders of AMR, the parent company of American Airlines, rejected at the annual meeting on Wednesday two proposals aimed at setting controls on executive pay.
Intel did not say which companies were using the chip, but it said cellphones with the chip would be available in the latter half of the year.
The new study, which covered 34,000 patients, shows that Arcoxia's risks are comparable to the older painkiller, diclofenac, Merck officials said.
It ties in with Passport, Microsoft's e-wallet.
Microsoft and other major software developers have indicated that they are adapting their programs for the new operating system.
Analysis of possible steps court could take if Microsoft Corp loses antitrust case; says if US wins suit, which is expected, remedies range from full breakup of company to 'behaviorial modification'--prohibiting Microsoft from writing exclusive contracts, requiring it to publicly disclose software specifications for Windows, forcing it to publish Windows pricing list for major manufacturers, and requiring antitrust training for all Microsoft managers (M)
Asked whether Firestone had made any quality-related production decisions in order to bid lower than Goodyear, Ms. Karbowiak, the Firestone spokeswoman, responded in a statement that ''we would never take any steps that would impair the safety of those tires.''
Instead of floating bonds, Marriott and the G.S.A.
Supported by the city of Berlin, Southern won a court injunction that blocked the Vattenfall deal.
SEARCH engines like Yahoo and Google have spawned bidding wars among a growing number of marketers who want to place their ads next to search results.
Boeing's results and the guidance it offered for next year helped convince investors that the company is not likely to cash in on the current boom in commercial aircraft sales because of its high costs and stiff price competition from Airbus Industrie, the European consortium that is Boeing's main rival.
After older I.B.M.
A Verizon spokeswoman said yesterday that her company was hoping to refile for Massachusetts early next year.
With the new policy, though, employees ''are confused,'' said a former Wal-Mart employee who worked in the loss prevention department at a store outside San Jose, Calif..
Cablevision Systems is in advanced talks to join private equity firms Kohlberg Kravis Roberts and Providence Equity Partners that are bidding for Adelphia Communications, adding 11th-hour twist to auction that seemed certain to be won by team comprised of Time Warner and Comcast; Kohlberg Kravis and Providence have already submitted all-cash bid worth about $15 billion for Adelphia and would submit 'substantially higher' offer if Cablevision decided to join them; Time Warner-Comcast team has offered $18 billion in stock; photo (M)
''While this is a great contract, our work is far from done,'' said Bill Johnson, the president of the Seattle-area local that represents 31,000 Boeing workers.
So it is now discussing a new rule that would force companies with very close ties to consolidate even when there is a minority ownership -- a rule that would apparently force Coca-Cola's hand.
The Carnival Corporation is examining ways to eliminate some of the conditions attached to its hostile offer for P&O Princess Cruises, people close to the company said today.
Motorola says it has sold millions of them.
Disk Maker's Shares Climb On Microsoft Connection
Texas Instruments  shares surged nearly 11 percent today, rising $7, to $70.75, even amid a sharp downturn in the stock market.
With cellular telephone sales slackening amid fierce competition and semiconductor demand slowing sharply in Asia, some analysts said it was surprising that Motorola's revenue was down just 3 percent from a year ago.
forces Pfizer to stop selling Celebrex and Bextra entirely, he said, Pfizer shares have fallen too far.
Interpublic will rank No.
General Dynamics made an unsolicited offer to acquire Newport News in 1999.
AFTER more than a year of mopping up a mess of regulatory scandals, Citigroup said yesterday that the Federal Reserve had cleared it to pursue big deals.
Last week, Johnson & Johnson announced that it had agreed with the Food and Drug Administration to revise labeling for Natrecor to include data showing a slightly increased risk of mortality within 30 days for Natrecor patients compared with patients taking placebo or alternative treatments.
As it continues to play down its trademark swoosh, Nike will introduce its Alpha program later this year, under which its most expensive apparel, sporting goods and sneakers will be marketed as a unit, using a swooshless five-dot logo.
The lawyer, Jonathan G. Polak, said in a telephone interview that News Corporation executives agreed to consider the possibility of giving the material to the estates.
Some even prefer Qwest because it is easier to hedge the value of a stock that does not pay a dividend -- like Qwest -- than one that pays a good one, like Verizon.
Gus Whitcomb, a Wal-Mart spokesman, said the company was cooperating with prosecutors.
IBM computer scientists Rakesh Agrawal and Ramakrishnan Srikant develop software that helps companies explore raw demographics data; it is well known that people completing on-line surveys often give false information; new software uses statistical analysis and series of mathematical guesses to reconstruct realistic distribution of data using survey data to develop truer picture of responses while still safeguarding privacy; photo (M)
Until today, Boeing and the European Commission had made virtually no progress toward a settlement and appeared on track for a politically loaded trade battle.
Cisco Recovers, Reporting Profit in Quarter
Pressplay, a joint venture of Sony Music Entertainment and Universal Music Group, two of the major record companies, announced a partnership today with MSN, Microsoft's online unit.
Last Thursday, Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson of Federal District Court in Washington ordered that Microsoft not force PC makers to bundle Internet Explorer with Windows and that the company offer an alternative to the bundled product.
Cisco announced after the close of the stock market that it had posted net income of $772 million, or 10 cents a share, for the quarter ended July 27, compared with net income of $7 million for the same quarter a year ago.
''This is pure speculation about where business will be done,'' said David R. Whitwam, chief executive at Whirlpool, based in Benton Harbor, Mich. ''And if people want to buy in different formats in the future, we'll be there.''
They represent a significant shift from the cookie-cutter standardization that built Marriott into one of the world's largest hotel companies, to a new emphasis on aesthetics and personalization.
The Roundup Ready crops, the linchpin of Monsanto's agricultural biotechnology business, had revenue of roughly $470 million last year, Bear, Stearns said.
The result is not just a population boom, but also a shift from the simple country style that once defined Wal-Mart and Bentonville to something sleeker, spiffier and more, well, suburban.
''After the court rules, the administration will take a look at it,'' said Mr. Gray, who filed a brief on behalf of the Association for Competitive Technology, a pro-Microsoft trade group.
Debora S. Foster, a spokeswoman for Heinz, declined to comment on Campbell's allegations.
Cleansing tools and instructions are available at http://www.microsoft .com/security/incident/blast.asp, as well as at numerous Internet security and antivirus Web sites.
(A list of compatible cameras can be found by clicking on the camera connector link at www.apple.com/ipodphoto/accessories.html.)
A local radio station, KIRO-AM, linking Boeing's possible relocation to Dallas with the move of the baseball superstar Alex Rodriguez from the Seattle Mariners to the Texas Rangers, played the country song, ''All My Ex's Live in Texas.''
AT&T Expected to Buy Stake In an Internet Access Provider
Netscape once threatened Microsoft with a software browser that promised to be an alternative to its overwhelmingly dominant computer operating system.
The brokerage firm, one of the largest on Wall Street, reported robust first-quarter earnings yesterday, with stronger-than-expected trading results that bring it more in line with peers like Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley.
AT&T and Cingular will offer Nokia 6682 phone that combines look and feel of ordinary handset with software that imitates popular features on BlackBerry and Treo handheld devices; users can share photos and e-mail through personalized Yahoo Web page that can be accessed through phone or computer; monthly data plans costing as much as $19.99 must be purchased to use services; photo (M)
Motorola Corp and Cisco Systems Inc plan to form alliance that would build world's largest wireless Internet system; project is most ambitious effort yet to build global netowrk that would enable businesses and consumers to have high-speed Internet access to E-mail and faxes without burden of wires, cables or even walls; this is latest in series of alliances and mergers in race to transform communications through Internet (M)
Church & Dwight, the marketer of Arm & Hammer baking soda products, will move its account in-house, effective on Jan. 1, after 13 years at Partners & Shevack in New York and a predecessor shop, Kornhauser & Calene.
Monday's announcement comes less than a week after three senior Citigroup executives in New York were forced to resign because of the problems at the private banking operation in Japan.
After Ford Motor backed out of a deal to buy Daewoo Motor in September, creditors scrambled to open new negotiations with General Motors and Fiat of Italy.
''Bertrand is wicked smart,'' said Dan'l Lewin, a Microsoft corporate vice president who worked with Mr. Serlet at Next.
In a letter to customers, the company said that it would not transfer any personal information to Amazon.com.
Skittish investors sent shares of Waste Management Inc., the nation's largest trash hauler, into free fall yesterday, a day after the company warned analysts that revenue and earnings for the second quarter were much lower than anyone had expected.
''He can take advantage of the fact that we might be able to think about him representing the history of the Ford Motor Company, and that might make him a more trustworthy source than any other Ford C.E.O.,'' Mr. Gershoff said.
But these efforts have not yet transformed Yahoo's overall service into the kind of booming social network that has powered the growth of MySpace and Facebook.
Mr. Deutschman, a reporter who has worked for Fortune and GQ and is now a contributing editor at Vanity Fair, says that Mr. Jobs took delight in humiliating Apple employees.
In a 12-page security bulletin on its Web site, Microsoft urged customers to be on the alert for programs that displayed a security warning on the user's screen asking if they wanted to install and run a particular program distributed by Microsoft and verified by VeriSign.
Part of the explanation is that Microsoft's business is a money machine that piles up cash far faster than the company spends it.
Gap to Return To TV Ads, Emphasizing Back to Basics
Oracle Profit Flat in First Quarter; Database Business Slowed
Until now, Boeing had said it expects to deliver 275 to 300 planes next year.
What Microsoft did not get, though, may eventually prove more important.
''It gives ING and other would-be acquirers of Aetna's financial services a psychological edge,'' Mr. Denton said.
License revenue from Oracle's flagship database and middleware rose only 1 percent, to $502 million, from $492 million, with growth in the middleware unit offset by the sluggishness in databases.
Boeing, Jolting Seattle, Will Move Headquarters
Stephen Labaton analysis holds that Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson, in ruling that Microsoft Corp violated nation's antitrust laws, constructed cautious argument aimed at surviving Supreme Court review (M)
That night, Mr. Dimon flew to Midland, Mich., where Dow Chemical is based, to have dinner on the second floor of the Midland Country Club, known as the Dow Club, with Mr. Liveris.
; AT&T; AT&T Wireless; and Marriott International.
When Kodak offers photo services on its Web site or invests in photo-services start-ups, it is competing with its retail customers.
Aetna said rising medical costs absorbed 83.1 percent of revenue at the Aetna U.S. Healthcare H.M.O.
In an effort to expand more systematically into the online world, CBS said yesterday that it had hired Quincy Smith, formerly of Allen & Company, to oversee its interactive strategy.
Paul Maritz, Microsoft Corp's general manager in charge of dealing with software developers, says company is 'absolutely' going to support Java and will continue to do so as long as there is a desire for it; announcement comes in wake of Federal court ruling that ordered company to change its Java software; in that ruling the court found Microsoft had violated its licensing contract with Sun Microsystems, inventor of Java language, by altering it so it was tailored for Microsoft's Windows and incompatible with Sun's Java technology (M)
I.B.M.
's executive vice president for legal affairs, said the ruling in Japan added credibility to its complaints about Intel's practices in other global markets, including the United States.
In that sense, Sam's Club is an oasis within the harsh climate of Wal-Mart.
What they have come up with is a brand transformation program that encompasses not just advertising, but also product design, public relations, ''pretty much everything Kodak,'' as Mr. Gustin put it.
Motorola added that the charges were ''largely offset'' by the sale of securities.
Of course, this kind of growth is nothing like the geyser of profits America Online appeared to have tapped in 1999, before it acquired Time Warner for stock.
''We have nothing to do with the design of clinical studies,'' said Pat Sloan, an Omnicom spokeswoman.
It has its own e-mail address (like yourname@skytel.net), but a $30 Windows program called MyMail Desktop, new this week, can automatically forward mail from your existing Microsoft Outlook account to the pager.
Apple already dominates the online music and movie industry, leaving a sliver for everyone else to fight over.
Boeing also said it would sell its Rocketdyne Propulsion and Power unit to Pratt & Whitney, owned by United Technologies, for $700 million.
Interpublic Group of Companies, Grey Advertising and Leo Burnett Co are expanding in interactive marketing and media services, sign of growing importance of operations outside realm of traditional advertising; Interpublic is forming alliance with Icon Medialab International AB, Internet services and consulting company, including $20 million investment in exchange for initial equity stake in Icon of just under 20 percent; alliance will make Icon preferred provider of interactive services to Interpublic agencies; APL Digital, interactive division of Interpublic's Ammirati Puris, is being rocked by defections of top personnel in wake of resignation of president Brian Cauley; Grey Interactive acquires majority ownership of Module Communications Ltd; Burnett is consolidating media planning and buying operations in autonomous unit, Starcom; Jack Klues will be Starcom chief executive (M)
With its captive, Wells Fargo will be setting the rates and paying itself.
For Yahoo shareholders, Mr. Semel's tenure, which began in 2001, has been a mixed bag.
For Mr. Whitney, Wal-Mart illustrates a weakness in Norway's screening process: with few resources and thousands of companies to cover, it will choose to screen those from countries with freer flows of information.
In some ways, yesterday's resignations may be the most painful yet for Philip J. Purcell, Morgan Stanley's embattled chief executive.
Microsoft Corp is developing software meant to shield people from electronic and voice mail, appointment requests, Internet information and other electronic distractions while they are working; many computer-design experts believe restricting such interruptions to only the most urgent ones has become a pressing necessity in the Internet age; research on software, called Attention User Interface, is led by Eric Horvitz, and his work makes use of statistical techniques developed by Thomas Bayes in 18th century; photo (M)
Stepping up the competition to define a standard format for electronic publishing, Microsoft and Adobe Systems both announced rival alliances intended to strengthen their respective positions in the growing market.
apparently wants to avoid any heavy-handed intervention that would threaten the industry's brisk trade in intellectual property.
With Be, Apple may have the opportunity, for the first time since it announced the Macintosh in 1984, to make that break.
Also yesterday, Boeing reported a second-quarter net loss of $192 million, or 24 cents a share, on revenue of $12.8 billion.
The ad was intended to introduce a remodeled Gap store, but it may be a fitting metaphor for the retailer itself.
Microsoft said in court today that it understood its agreement with Sun to mean Microsoft would be allowed to create two versions of Java, one that passes Sun's test for widespread compatibility and one intended for use with Windows 98.
CVS stressed yesterday that its offer had already passed regulatory muster.
Xerox has only $600 million left in a $7 billion line of credit and, thus, could soon be out of money.
Even studio executives, known for their lavish spending, winced at Microsoft's demands, including a $10 million upfront fee for rights, approval over the cast and director, and 60 first-class plane tickets for Microsoft representatives and their guests to the movie's premiere.
Intel made plans last month to start cutting production levels, which should solve the oversupply problem by the end of the year.
And now Microsoft is going after the cordless phone business, which says a lot about the company's vision for the future.
I was the first public investor in Microsoft, Cisco, AOL, you name it.
Last year, I.B.M.
On the other side of the Merck building is Harvard Medical School's 525,000-square-foot research building, which opened last week, the first of several medical research buildings planned for Longwood.
Icahn Expected to Step Up Time Warner Campaign
J P Morgan Chase hires Gordon A Smith from American Express to head its credit card unit, succeeding Richard J Srednicki, who plans to retire next quarter (S)
Moreover, a technical analysis by AOL engineers two weeks ago raised questions about Microsoft's advertising software and argued that the software that AOL had purchased from DoubleClick, the marketing software company, was better.
Comcast wants to pay a fee for each subscriber based on its agreement with Liberty, which calls for a lower fee than the deal that Liberty reached with the AT&T systems that Comcast bought.
A Presidential task force that includes human rights groups, labor unions and apparel industry giants like Nike Inc., Reebok International Ltd. and L.L.
In the late 1990's, technologists at Intel were in conflict over which wireless standard would emerge.
Apple, based in Cupertino, Calif., had been hoping for strong holiday sales, but the announcement on Friday suggested that a yearlong turnaround effort by the company's chairman, Gilbert F. Amelio, may be falling short.
According to published reports, Apple is considering offering $6 billion for the music company.
The job cuts -- including 360 in Hartford, Middletown and Windsor, Conn.; 444 in New Jersey; and 659 in Pennsylvania -- reflect Aetna's dwindling enrollment.
David A. Balto, an antitrust lawyer with Robins Kaplan Miller & Ciresi, said Intel's strongly worded response indicated the company considered the suit a real threat.
Citigroup reported net income of $4.76 billion for the quarter, or 91 cents a share, up 96 percent from $2.43 billion, or 47 cents a share, in the same period a year earlier.
In the lawsuit, the overseas workers asserted that Wal-Mart had violated its contractual obligations to them by failing to ensure that the contractors they worked for complied with Wal-Mart's code of conduct.
The Bristol-Myers Squibb Company agreed yesterday to acquire the drug business of DuPont for $7.8 billion in cash, bolstering the Bristol-Myers line of AIDS drugs.
The Eastman Kodak Company, hurt by a strong dollar, a price war on film, and mounting losses on its digital and Advantix cameras, announced yesterday that its second-quarter earnings fell 16.4 percent from a year ago.
Since then, Apple has grabbed a considerable share of the Wi-Fi market and has led a trend that shows no signs of slowing.
Yesterday's advance was probably tied to investors' buying back Treasuries that had been sold ahead of the Wal-Mart deal.
''For people who work at Wal-Mart, you do what you're told, when you're told, or you're out of there,'' Mr. Fraser said.
Disney accused Time Warner of shortchanging it on its valuable ABC programming.
Union Pacific is currently investing about $2 billion a year in new equipment to try to become a more efficient competitor.
Lockheed Martin is already a major contractor for the F.A.A.
The Boeing Company is close to settling a racial discrimination suit brought by hundreds of its workers, most of them African-American, two people close to the negotiations said yesterday.
The newly merged bank will take the Wells Fargo name, and be based in San Francisco.
Richard McGinn, who leads AT&T's network systems business, will become its president and chief operating officer.
But Netscape Navigator -- software that primarily allows people to browse the World Wide Web -- is not an operating system, and the appeals judges said that Netscape had no interest and little capacity to supplant Microsoft in the market for operating systems.
Intel's strategy, based on a new generation of multimedia platforms and chips, will be unveiled next week at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas.
Moody's sent a survey to several hundred companies worldwide beginning in December, asking them what they thought of these trigger clauses, Mr. Mahoney said.
Each was asked to submit a new play or musical in an annual contest AT&T calls OnStage.
Mr. Ballmer dropped out of business school at Stanford University to join Mr. Gates at Microsoft in 1980 and has played a variety of roles at the company, frequently driving its marketing and sales efforts.
The deal would have made Cardinal Health the nation's largest drug wholesaler, surpassing its archrival, the McKesson Corporation of San Francisco.
After it bought Compaq this year, the combined company became the largest single buyer of Windows for personal computers and data-serving computers, and thus more dependent on Microsoft.
EBay has already run into problems in China from not being a Chinese company.
Dress worn by Elizabeth Taylor to 1969 Academy Awards is bought by Mattel Inc for $150,000 at Christie's auction; it is second highest price ever paid for dress at auction; dress worn by late Princess Diana sold for $222,500 at Diana auction; Home Shopping Network buys dress worn by Madonna to 1997 Academy Awards for $70,000; proceeds from sale of 56 dresses worn to Academy Awards over four decades--total of $786,120--will go to American Foundation for AIDS Research; photos (M)
Computer Associates' stock plunged yesterday after Moody's Investors Service said it might lower the rating of the company's bonds because its cash flow is falling.
Yahoo is betting it can fight back because about three-quarters of Google's users visit Yahoo in a given month, Mr. Weiner said.
Latin American Coca-Cola Bottlers in Giant Merger
McDonald's And Nintendo In Wi-Fi Deal
But analysts said that the transaction would most likely be similar to the At Home Corporation's recent agreement to buy Excite, one of Yahoo's chief competitors.
Amazon Reports
Don Wolfe, the vice president of computing and information services at Brown University, said that when Intel computer specialists visited Brown to describe the grants, ''their marketing thrust was not to get kids to use Intel desktops, but to get researchers to look at Intel'' for high-level computing needs.
As in the acquisition of the Equitable of New York by AXA, the acquisition some years ago of Equitable of Iowa by ING, the Dutch insurer, and ING's more recent purchases of Reliastar and parts of Aetna, Prudential intends to simply expand the role of Robert M. Devlin, the chief executive of American General, to oversee all its United States operations.
At Wyeth meetings, Mr. Seidenberg encounters Mr. Shipley, who is the chairman of Verizon's compensation committee and who is a member of Wyeth's committee, sitting with Mr. Carrión, at least until 2006.
Ogilvy & Mather Officer To Interpublic Unit
His complaint was that Microsoft was going to place its new on-line service, Microsoft Network, a direct competitor to America Online, prominently on the desktop screen of Windows 95, which was introduced in August.
Rather than pass the discounts to the funds' shareholders, Citigroup reaped $128 million in profits over five years.
Sun Microsystems announces upgrade to several server computers in bid to overtake IBM and Hewlett-Packard, its rivals in market for powerful Unix systems sold to large corporations (S)
Microsoft was not aware of the Xerox  research, Mr. Brass said.
Given Intel's standing as a technology bellwether, analysts were bracing for a rocky trading session when the stock markets open today.
Novell has responded to Microsoft's relentless advance by moving more of its business to Linux.
Morgan Stanley officials say that if investment management results were included in the group, the loss would disappear.
He won't say how much McDonald's pays him, but he says the money is not why he's doing it.
Shareholders are to receive about 0.3433 Comcast share for each AT&T share they hold, subject to some limitations.
What is plain from the district court's June 8, 2000 opinion is that the most draconian aspect of this decree, the breakup of Microsoft into two companies, was motivated by an illegitimate desire to punish Microsoft.
In Canada, McDonald's said sales increased a few percentage points at its restaurants on Wednesday, the day after the announcement.
Advertisers begin to see benefit of social networking sites that attract millions of young people who increasingly avoid television commercials; large companies like Procter & Gamble and J P Morgan Chase are changing Web strategies to find ways to integrate into online communities; Google, which just purchased YouTube for $1.65 billion, agrees to pay News Corp $900 million to sell advertising on MySpace; Microsoft sells ads for second-largest social networking site Facebook and its own blogging service Live Spaces; users accept advertisers as long as they continue to be relevant and fit in with culture of Web site; advertisers do best online when they accept certain level of unpredictability and allow less control; photos (M)
Just last week, at the annual shareholders meeting, the chairman, Gilbert F. Amelio, had indicated that Apple might become profitable by its fiscal fourth quarter.
asked Randy Baseler, vice president for marketing at Boeing's commercial aircraft unit.
Mr. Guarini acknowledged that ''there will be some people cynical about this campaign, who see this as reactive'' to Merck's problems with Vioxx.
AT&T's decision to discontinue a venture that linked users of Lotus Notes software over AT&T phone lines was widely seen as a setback for Notes.
Correction:  May 12, 2007, Saturday  An article in Business Day on Wednesday about a Hong Kong couple accused of insider trading in connection with a bid for Dow Jones & Company by the News Corporation referred imprecisely to the actions taken by Dow Jones.
The shift in strategy for Apple, which has traditionally protected its software under proprietary licensing, was applauded by some of the leading figures in the open source movement, a number of whom sat in the front row during the presentation by Mr. Jobs.
Still, other union applications are pending or under appeal, and a Canadian appeals court has ordered Wal-Mart to give the union some documents, including a copy of its handbook, ''Wal-Mart: A Manager's Toolbox for Remaining Union-Free.''
2 at Citigroup Share Duties And, So Far, Stay Friends
Advertising drive for Coca-Cola Co's Sprite soft drink is taking another new turn through stories of real young people; drive is tied to several promotions; is latest effort by Sprite to boost slumping sales and market share; photo (M)
Mr. Breen also said that cost-cutting efforts, which have already eliminated 48,000 jobs, or nearly one-third of Motorola's work force, would continue in the current quarter with a goal of cutting operating costs by another $200 million.
College Sports Television, a seven-month-old, 24-hour college sports channel, has struck a marketing agreement with Nike that will include not just ad time and promotions for the company, but a regular half-hour program called ''Nike Training Camp.''
''This was fundamentally a tying case,'' said Richard Schmalensee, the dean of the Sloan School of Management at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and an economist who testified as an expert witness on Microsoft's behalf in the antitrust trial.
Last week, Intertainer filed a broad lawsuit asserting that Apple, Google and Napster are infringing on a 2005 patent that covers the commercial distribution of audio and video over the Internet.
Such musings hardly provide a legal justification for ripping Microsoft apart.
''They are in many ways interchangeable,'' said Andrew R. Taussig, managing director of Credit Suisse First Boston, Home Depot's investment bank.
A spokeswoman for the commission, Amelia Torres, declined to comment on what regulators told General Electric today.
He acknowledged that coming off developing ABC programs like ''Lost'' and ''Desperate Housewives,'' he had overly grand expectations for what he should do at Yahoo.
General Motors Corp will begin producing small car in China in December, first of several such offerings planned by some of world's largest automakers; car will be based on Opel Corsa that GM makes in Brazil, will be sold under Buick brand and will be called Sail in English, transliteration of its Chinese name, Sai Ou, which means roughly 'compete with Europe'; Volkswagen, Toyota and Ford are expected to enter Chinese market; graph; photo (M)
But one person familiar with the situation said that in the last two weeks Apple board members, led by the vice chairman A. C. Markkula Jr., an original backer of Apple and major shareholder, met to discuss Apple's problems without Mr. Amelio present.
A spokesman for Microsoft, Lou Gellos, said Microsoft had not seen the Web consortium's filing.
At Coke alone last year, had the company treated its options as an expense, its profits would have been reduced by $202 million.
Other semiconductor makers, including I.B.M., have produced these so-called systems on a chip, analysts said, but Intel says it has done so without sacrificing computing speed.
Microsoft has said the judge's comments, which were critical of the company, its lawyers and one of its founders, William H. Gates, showed the judge was biased and provided a reasonable ground for vacating his judgment.
Mr. Gates was on the defensive in the wake of the Justice Department's petitioning a Federal court on Monday to bar Microsoft from requiring personal computer makers to include its Internet browser software when they install its Windows 95 operating system.
But Mr. Shaffer said he would not expect Mr. Jobs ever to risk being directly associated with the final collapse of Apple, the company he founded in that legendary Los Altos, Calif., garage in 1976.
But since the Vioxx withdrawal, questions have swirled about whether Merck knew the risks of Vioxx several years ago but had covered them up.
Representatives of Commerce Department meet with VeriSign Inc and Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers to revise agreement that would change contract that governs VeriSign's contract over Internet address system (S)
One reason for the weak support among nonvoting shareholders is speculation that Ian Molson, the brewery's former deputy chairman, is planning a counteroffer.
Unexpectedly sluggish post-Thanksgiving sales led Wal-Mart to reduce prices sharply on a small assortment of goods and to take out newspaper ads -- both unusual moves for it.
David Adelman, an analyst at Morgan Stanley, said tobacco regulation could also help Altria and its competitors when they inevitably wind up back in court.
The International Business Machines Corporation plans to announce a new semiconductor design today that it asserts could greatly improve the performance or reduce the power consumption of wireless devices like cellphones compared with today's technology.
In a statement to the São Paulo stock exchange, Citigroup said that a federal court in New York had temporarily halted the sale of Telemig Celular and Tele Norte Celular, also known as Amazônia Celular, until a hearing tomorrow.
They include allowing computer makers to remove Microsoft programs like the media player and Web browser from Windows, auctioning off the right to develop a version of its popular Office software to run on an alternate operating system and publishing information that would enable rivals to develop programs that work as well with Windows as Microsoft's own programs do.
''The reality is that the mainframe is old technology and all I.B.M.
Wall Street started battering Ford Motor shares after reports over the weekend that a profit warning was imminent.
To that end, he said he supported requiring Microsoft to release the source code to its Internet Explorer browser and to license its popular word processing and spreadsheet programs to run on other operating systems like Linux.
Apple Computer's co-founder and chief executive, Steven P. Jobs, once said that one was the obvious answer because that made it impossible to push the wrong button.
''Wal-Mart can spread out fuel and labor costs over a dense volume of merchandise because they are more efficient,'' said Burt Flickinger III, managing director of Reach Marketing, a marketing consulting firm in Westport, Conn. ''It could be a critical competitive advantage.''
Data for 2002 from TNS Media Intelligence/CMR, as analyzed by the trade publication Brandweek to separate wireless brands from other telecommunications brands, showed that Verizon Wireless was the biggest-spending brand of the year, at $661 million, up 30.2 percent from $507.5 million in 2001.
Amy Hoffar, a spokeswoman for DDB Chicago, attributed those layoffs to ''the loss of the General Mills and Energizer accounts, reduced spending from a number of clients and the effect of a weakening economy.''
Citigroup has remained focused, in geography and demographics, throughout its expansion.
A few blocks south at Urban Outfitters, part of a youth-oriented chain that sells T-shirts along with shag rugs, coffee mugs and multitiered hippie skirts, Jurek Grapentin, visiting from Germany, looked on as a young friend of his examined a shirt printed with a rosary entwined with the words ''Everybody Loves a Catholic Girl.''
The 121.6 million public shares are expected to be priced from $17.50 to $19.50 and, until the spinoff is completed, the class of shares Motorola retains will have five times the voting power of the public shares -- in effect, giving Motorola 92 percent of the votes.
Agouron was later acquired by Warner-Lambert, which in turn was bought by Pfizer.
Intel Corp engineers make chip that combines central functions of next generation of wireless devices onto one piece of silicon, advancement that Intel says will lead to smaller and faster consumer products; Intel says new technology unites microprocessor with communication and flash memory circuits without sacrificing computer speed (M)
The deal is an effort by the two companies to break into a market that has been tightly controlled by Scientific Atlanta and Motorola, which both make boxes and other equipment used in cable systems.
Shares of Verizon rose 11 cents, to $34.13.
And Microsoft finds the upcoming testimony even more offensive.
Yahoo also increased slightly its revenue and cash-flow forecasts for the fourth quarter and issued a very bullish projection for 2003.
Also, during Super Bowl XLI, on CBS on Feb. 4, three advertisers ran four spots that were created by consumers or based on consumer ideas.
''Wal-Mart's attraction, based on price, isn't as important,'' he said.
AT&T is seeking at least $1 billion in cash from AOL Time Warner as a condition for accepting AOL's plan for dissolving the Time Warner Entertainment joint venture, according to people close to the negotiations.
The commission is deciding whether to file suit against the firm on behalf of Allison K. Schieffelin, who sold bonds for Morgan Stanley until she was fired last month.
The deal would significantly increase Aetna's market share in metropolitan New York, in the Washington-Baltimore area and in Texas.
And while Verizon has worked almost around the clock the last month to restore operations at 140 West Street and service to its customers, the company has indicated that significantly reducing the building's network vulnerabilities would require more time or money than Verizon is willing to expend.
The lobbying effort also included representatives of Boeing's unionized work force, and the mayor of Long Beach, who met with Mr. Wynne, the Air Force secretary, earlier this year.
The warnings yesterday were the most recent in a skein dating to August 2002, when Interpublic, which owns agencies like Deutsch, McCann Erickson and Weber Shandwick, initially discovered accounting irregularities centered on transactions among its agencies, principally units based in Europe of the McCann Worldgroup, the largest Interpublic division.
Piece by piece, at 47th Street and Broadway, the Coca-Cola Company is erecting a 30-ton, $6.5-million advertising sign, traditionally called a spectacular on the Great White Way.
Excluding one-time charges and the cost of expensing stock options, Cisco's profit for the second quarter this year was 22 cents a share.
Xerox also seeks buyers for its European paper operations, and for its share of ContentGuard, Inxight and other software companies it helped to create.
Previously undisclosed Merck & Co documents show drug maker was poised to begin major cardiovascular study of Vioxx in 2002, and abruptly dropped project before it was set to start; trial was scheduled to produce data by March 2004 but may have provided answers about Vioxx's risks even earlier if patients had shown ill effects; Merck halted separate private study in September 2004 when patients from trial experienced heart attacks and strokes at twice rate of those receiving placebo; Merck withdraw Vioxx from market at same time; Merck says it decided not to do the study because, among other things, it would have involved 'high-risk' patients; test in question would have involved patients with acute coronary syndrome (M)
EBay has been a major customer of a Microsoft competitor, Sun Microsystems.
WHEN Stephanie Kwolek went to work for the DuPont Company in 1946, it was the dawning of a synthetic era.
The agency complaint is based in large part on pricing studies and econometric models that officials say demonstrate that Staples, Office Depot and the only other company in the superstore business, Officemax Inc., compete only against each other, and not against other suppliers of office goods.
When the News Corporation came under scrutiny by the Federal Communications Commission for foreign ownership of television stations, HarperCollins, another Murdoch baby, gave then-House Speaker Newt Gingrich a $4.5 million book advance.
During the conference call this morning, David Boies, the government's lead trial lawyer in the case, told the judge that the Justice Department had found at least a few useful comments among the dozens of proposed revisions in the Microsoft brief.
The defense ministry said Lockheed Martin's Aegis system, on the basis of field tests, was viewed as superior to a system offered by Thales of the Netherlands.
Walt Disney Co quarterly financial results, helped by cost-cutting, slightly exceed modest expectations; revenue of $5.98 billion generates earnings of 23 cents a share; company plans to lay off 4,000 (M)
In contrast, Apple has encouraged a free-for-all, and its own share of the accessories market remains small.
But those plans could be short-circuited by Internet giants like Yahoo and Google, as well as by established players in the online jobs and dating categories, whose turf most social networking sites seek to occupy.
Bank of America disputes this analysis, saying its customer research shows that consumers favor branches that offer enhanced services and a wide choice of financial products.
The family that controls Dow Jones & Company has rejected a proposed plan prepared by its lawyers, asking them instead to seek stronger guarantees of editorial independence as a condition of selling the company to Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation.
The SA302 is available at Wal-Mart, Target, Sears and other stores for $29.99.
Before and after the settlement's details were announced, Morgan Stanley sought to establish a public perception that it had behaved better than other major investment banking firms, even though it was required to pay $125 million in the settlement.
Plans by Texas Instruments to sell its defense electronics business and concentrate on making chips would bring higher but more volatile profits, analysts said today.
Built from a series of acquisitions by Sanford I. Weill, the company's former chairman, Citigroup has since encompassed both retail and investment banking operations, credit card businesses, wealth management and a host of other services.
Hill, Holliday created the humorous commercials for Priceline featuring the actor William Shatner, who will continue to appear in the campaign, Mr. Ek said.
In the case of Pfizer, whose purchase of Pharmacia would create a giant with nearly $50 billion in annual revenue, Mr. Isaly was not concerned about the effect on research and development, saying the company knew how to manage size.
Floyd Norris column on revival of importance of corporate valuation; says this week's debacle in Procter & Gamble, in which moderate profit shortfall caused company to shed $40 million in market value, may be precursor to what will happen as other beloved stocks fall by wayside; graph (M)
''I don't think they really thought through the whole darn thing,'' Dr. Virginia Walbot, a professor of biological sciences at Stanford University, said of Monsanto's decision to market products that benefited farmers rather than general consumers.
''The global Yahoo franchise is stronger today than ever before,'' said Tim Koogle, Yahoo's chairman and chief executive.
A Time Warner executive who was there recalls a teasing exchange between Mr. Case and Mr. Turner, when the two found themselves stranded in the rain outside the Great Hall of the People.
But Microsoft was keen to point out that the Mono project is only a subset of the complete .Net framework.
As for the advantages of software from a single source, Mr. Vinje said, obliging Microsoft to unbundle its programs and sell them as separate products would not impede computer manufacturers from installing all of Microsoft's offerings on their products if they chose.
Fox, an analyst at Merrill Lynch who has a buy recommendation on Corning's stock.
''We look forward to working constructively with him,'' Microsoft's associate general counsel for Europe, Horacio Gutiérrez, said in a statement.
Yesterday, AT&T's shares rose 26 cents, to $34.02, while BellSouth's stock increased 45 cents, to $44.65.
For Motorola, which has $29 billion in revenues and is rebounding from a sharp slump, the new division and emphasis on the Internet is expected to be a growth area that will complement its strong positions in semiconductors and cellular telephones.
Despite all those changes, Kodak had just over 90,000 employees at the end of last year, according to Paul Allen, a Kodak spokesman.
As part of an initiative to help end the so-called digital divide, Microsoft Corporation will give $88 million in software and $12.3 million in cash to the Boys and Girls Clubs of America over the next five years, William H. Gates, the company's chairman, and a phalanx of politicians announced in Harlem yesterday.
Michael J Castelli, former comptroller who was appointed chief administrative officer and senior vice president at American International Group in January, is put on leave amid sweeping investigation into company's accounting (M)
Honeywell would almost certainly remain a takeover target, but there might well be a long period where it must go it alone.
While Pfizer ''really values our partnership with Cline Davis & Mann,'' Mr. Ewing said, since the Viagra introduction ''our ongoing mission has been to continue to ensure we're using the best insights available to break through the barriers and motivate consumer action.''
Microsoft is also playing me-too in the increasingly popular field of local search with a feature called Near Me, which provides results tailored to a Web surfer's geographic locale.
Technology Briefing
Though far smaller than I.B.M., the Indian services companies are growing rapidly.
Analysts had expected Microsoft to earn 32 cents a share, according to the First Call Corporation, which tracks company earnings.
''We just sneak in the Amex message,'' Mr. Seinfeld said, laughing, referring to a brief comic role that his American Express card plays in the Webisode.
Still, even with American Express's history of marketing the ''privileges'' and ''rewards'' of its membership, some recipients clearly did not want to join.
It was a civil case; the jury found the drug maker, Merck, liable and awarded damages of $253.5 million; the company was not found guilty.
Microsoft insists that its browser, the Internet Explorer, is not a separate product, as Washington contends, but an inseparable feature of the Windows operating system -- especially in Windows 98, its next-generation product.
They were in favor of waiting for Micron to make a better offer.
The last is a realm McDonald's has for too long ignored, according to James R. Cantalupo, named chief executive in January in a management shake-up.
Because of the ship date, the third quarter will reflect only partial revenues from Windows 2000, John Connors, Microsoft's new chief financial officer, said in a telephone interview.
Lockheed and BAE Protest Boeing Contract
For longtime industry watchers, the fight between Airbus and Boeing over state subsidies is both familiar and a distraction from the real show: the looming competition between the A380 and the 7E7.
My main concern was about which user name would work, but I couldn't get through to Comcast to ask.
Vicki L. Sato, the top research manager at Biogen Inc., has resigned to take a similar job at Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc., a start-up company just down the street from the Cambridge, Mass., biotechnology pioneer.
Intel then began supplying the technical information once again, the suit says.
Before the market can stabilize, he said, some of the big technology companies, like Microsoft and Cisco Systems, have to be able to hold their ground in the face of disappointing earnings news.
Grand plans that were supposed to carry General Motors and Ford Motor into their second centuries crumble with sales and stock prices as companies continue losing sales to perennial competitors like Toyota and newer rivals like Hyundai; offers of free loans and big rebates are offset by rivals' consistent quality, reliability and intangible appeal; two companies now get third of sales from own employees and families, rental companies and corporate fleets, at razor-thin margins; they have also lost safety net of SUVs and pickup trucks now that Asian makers are entrenched in that market; photo; graphs; both companies occupy 'dreaded middle,' offering neither compelling value nor compelling beauty; they command about 45 percent of domestic market, core profit center, down from 58.4 percent decade ago, despite having acquired European brands like Saab, Volvo and Jaguar; several consumers offer opinions (M)
The sale will bring in more than $2.2 billion, but the unit was one of Kodak's most profitable, contributing $157 million to earnings last year.
The states pursuing stiff antitrust sanctions against the Microsoft Corporation are preparing to rest their case today, clearing the way for what is expected to be a month of testimony by Microsoft witnesses who will urge a federal judge to apply a lighter touch.
In 1999, Amazon's net loss was double the adjusted loss it emphasized.
Yesterday the jury hearing the case weighed in, ordering Morgan Stanley to pay Mr. Perelman $604 million in damages.
The qualifier about AT&T referred to the woes the brand suffered in its final years as an independent company, tarnished by problems like customer losses and a plunging stock price.
Intel Corp and Sun Microsystems Inc will announce broad cross-licensing agreement that will permit Sun's software to run on Intel's new family of 64-bit chips, Merced; agreement will cover microprocessors, computer systems and software (M)
This concession by Verizon could have far-reaching industry implications, coming from the company that is both the nation's largest wireless carrier and the largest local telephone company.
CBS reality series The Amazing Race worked its way up from underdog, to cult hit to mainstream success last season, attracting 16 million viewers for its finale; CBS broke show into two separate series for current season, but has not had same success; family edition of show proved to be big flop and traditional version has suffered from change to new time slot; photo (M)
The announcement, made by Myriad Genetics Inc., Hitachi Ltd. and the Oracle Corporation, is the latest sign that the biotechnology industry's love affair with genomics -- the study of genes -- is giving way to proteomics, the study of proteins.
Yesterday, he said that the lure of Bank of America was too hard to resist, although he admitted to feeling ''a lot of emotion'' about FleetBoston giving up its independence.
On the eve of the filing deadline, many of the 19 state attorneys general who are part of the antitrust suit against the Microsoft Corporation were lobbying and cajoling a handful of their colleagues today to join the majority and ask the court to break Microsoft into two parts.
At the Paris show, a global weapons bazaar, Boeing has been proclaiming the wonders of its new plane to anyone within earshot and has brought in members of the Italian Air Force to help it tell its story.
Marriott Hotel in Jakarta, security experts consider Indonesia as dangerous as ever.
Airbus is actually aiming at two Boeing jets with the A350: the 787 and the 777, which is larger and can fly very long routes -- between Los Angeles and Singapore, for example.
The first Dover store, about 20 percent smaller than the old Staples prototype, opened last year in Dover, N.H., and removed much of the warehouse atmosphere that Staples has long had.
The merger talks began late last year, the terse statement explained, but Microsoft broke off the negotiations after weighing the ''complexity of the potential transaction'' and the management headaches of trying to put together two huge software companies.
Merck has been offering free medicines to the poor and uninsured under its patient assistance program for almost 50 years.
Even better from Comcast's point of view, Disney is a less leveraged company.
I don't understand why Boeing doesn't say, 'Let's work together to solve this.'
But when Microsoft announces in New York today that machines using its Tablet PC software will be introduced on Nov. 7, the emphasis will be on using pen-based features to enhance conventional notebook computers.
The company said that it had benefited from increased affiliate rates and new subscribers for DirecTV, the satellite service in which News Corporation now has a controlling interest, but those increases had been somewhat offset by higher costs for various sporting events.
Mr. Weill may want to hold onto the cash for the time being, said Thomas Finucane, who co-manages the John Hancock Regional Bank Fund, noting that Citigroup shares are down 9 percent so far this year.
Business Travel column says controversy over loss of use Ritz-Carlton name by hotels in New York, Washington, Houston and Aspen, Colo, appears to be unresolved as lawyers are still wrangling over it; notes owners of four hotels have filed $250 million lawsuit in New York State Supreme Court against Marriott International and Ritz-Carlton, charging fraudulent conveyance in connection with Mariott's 49 percent acquisiton of hotel chain's assets in 1995; in separate news, column notes National Business Travel Assn finds that while business travelers are not happy about taxes and fees imposed on air fares, neither are they outraged; says American Express finds air fares for business travelers have risen substantially this year, with typical business air fare for more than 215 point-to-point routes from 40 major US cities up 24 percent from Jan to June; says most airlines are offering fares over Labor Day holiday as low as $158 round trip between Newark and Los Angeles but that seats and travel times are limited (M)
Last month, Yahoo completed its acquisition of Inktomi, a company with a rival index of the billions of Web pages and one whose results are every bit as good as those of Google, Yahoo says.
One Case Wraps Up for Microsoft, But Problems in Europe Still Exist
''We believe we have established a framework that addresses all the major issues, including job security,'' said Peter Thonis, a Verizon spokesman.
In January, more AMD-based PC's were sold at retail than Intel-based PC's, the first time that had happened.
He also advocated a ''parity principle'' that would require Microsoft to publish information about Windows that would ensure that rivals in new technologies can develop software that works as well with Microsoft's operating system as the company's own programs.
An Intel spokesman, Robert Manetta, said the company believed that the Itanium would find a place in high-performance computing tasks that require specialized functions and are not readily served by the commodity computing market.
The latest offer from Qwest came a week after the board of MCI voted to accept a $6.75 billion takeover proposal from Verizon, despite receiving a higher offer from Qwest that was worth about $8 billion in cash and stock.
Texas Instruments said that it earned $117 million, or 7 cents a share, a penny better than Wall Street expected, on revenue of $2.19 billion.
Excluding a revamping charge of 34 cents and a tax-related benefit of 11 cents, Xerox's earnings would have been 24 cents a share.
I.B.M., however, must find work to keep its chip factories, like the new one in East Fishkill, N.Y., busy.
He said that in conversations, Ms. Deng indicated that she was not only familiar with the News Corporation's operations in Asia, but also with its rivals' Asian businesses.
means the consulting partners around the world will become employees of I.B.M., which has both its working and tax headquarters in Armonk, N.Y.
Yahoo's Chief Resigns, and a Founder Takes Over
He said that CBS was also developing a TV network for next-generation phones that would allow full streaming of live television.
For investors willing to differentiate among semiconductor stocks, Texas Instruments appears to be better poised to resist the industry's afflictions.
Yet even brushing away all the one-time charges, Microsoft's profits were flat compared with a year ago, though revenue was 16 percent higher this year.
In October, a Citigroup spokesman, John Morris, said that the bank planned no further job cuts beyond the several thousand that the company had announced in September.
Trends for the fall include much more denim than in past seasons, which could help the Gap.
Intel officials emphasized their Speed Step technology, which continually turns the processor on and off as power is needed.
With the presidential election this year, they say Boeing is using the potent issue of American jobs to press the Bush administration in hopes of winning a lucrative contract to supply 100 aerial refueling tankers to the Air Force.
Almost six months later, Pfizer has failed to provide specifics of where the cuts will come.
PeopleSoft executives reiterated that the better-than-expected earnings were an indication that customers supported its bid to stay independent of Oracle, with corporate customers signing and renewing large contracts despite the uncertainty.
Or you can go to www.microsoft.com for a trial version of the new Windows Media Technology software.
But the Corporate Library study concurred with Mr. Foley in questioning Verizon's practice of paying bonuses even when the company's performance lags well behind that of most companies in its comparison groups.
Cingular, Sprint and Verizon cover most of the country with their second-generation networks, and T-Mobile is working to expand its own Edge system.
Boeing has said that it has enough engineers who are not on strike to complete the certifications.
The complaint also challenged the deal in Texas on the ground that it would give Aetna too much control over many physicians, leaving them highly vulnerable in the event they became embroiled in a dispute with the insurer.
Exxon Mobil Corp names DDB Worldwide to handle account for what company calls its global fuels marketing portfolio, which includes service stations and convenience stories; billings estimated at $100 million (Advertising column) (S)
Merck & Co plans to proceed with pricing and initial public offering of its Medco Health Solutions shares despite series of surprising disclosures about way it accounts for billions of dollars in revenue from managed health care unit; Merck says Medco filings were 'thoroughly reviewed' by Securities and Exchange Commission; Standard & Poor's affirms Merck's top-rank AAA credit rating; Merck's advisers, Goldman, Sachs and J P Morgan Chase, are planning to price Medco at $20 to $22, retreat from their original hopes for $22 to $24; photo (Market Place column) (M)
Halliburton remained unaware of the problem until 2003.
Saturn division of General Motors Corp withdraws advertisements featuring a woman described as hearing-impaired Saturn owner after allegations appeared in publications for deaf that her hearing is normal; print and television ads, created by Hal Riney & Partners, have featured Holly Daniel, a woman from Baton Rouge, La, as part of series that centers on satisfied Saturn owners (S)
Mr. Murdoch's News Corporation has teamed up with Mr. Malone's Liberty Media to make another attempt at buying DirecTV, according to people close to the talks.
Elsewhere in its brief, Microsoft seeks to draw a fundamental distinction with AT&T by arguing that ''Microsoft is a unitary company,'' not ''an agglomeration of separate operating companies.''
When Verizon Wireless began the review, Lowe New York said it would not take part and turned over the responsibility for the account to an Interpublic sibling, McCann-Erickson Worldwide Advertising in New York.
By contrast, the cardiac segment in which Boston Scientific has been the industry leader -- devices called stents that prop open the arteries that supply blood to the heart -- is expected by most analysts to grow slowly once it passes the $6 billion level in the next year or two.
Quebec's labor relations board has rejected Wal-Mart Canada's claim that it closed a unionized store in that province for economic reasons, saying instead that there was evidence the store might reopen.
The first quarter is typically Intel's weakest as demand for computers and electronics softens after the holiday rush.
If Comcast Buys AT&T Cable, Efficiency Is Likely to Improve
Merck said at a hearing before Judge Fallon in New Orleans yesterday that as of Aug. 15, it faced 4,951 lawsuits from people who claim that they suffered heart damage after taking the drug, or from the families of people who died after taking it.
Hasbro Consolidates Another Assignment
AEA will pay Corning $975 million in cash for 89 percent of the Corning Consumer Products Company.
Analysis of abrupt dismissal of Gilbert F Amelio as chairman and chief executive of Apple Computer Inc; says dismissal leaves an opening unlikely to attract many resumes for the job at the deeply troubled personal computer company (L)
Dan Leach, a Microsoft spokesman, said the company was ''disappointed'' by the Supreme Court's decision, which returns the case to a federal trial judge to determine exactly how much the company owes.
In the second round of grants being announced today, I.B.M.
''As he came into power Intel tried to become a more aggressive marketing company,'' he said.
Since the beginning of the year, Apple has introduced a number of powerful new Macintosh machines, including the world's fastest laptop computer, which have helped put the sheen back on the company's hardware.
But behind the scenes, senior General Mills executives have reportedly been upset about the considerable attention that the fight had attracted even before the lawsuit was filed.
A day after the riot police dislodged hundreds of striking workers at a Daewoo Motor plant in Inchon, questions remained today  about whether General Motors would now come to the rescue.
And while the Z5 can't play songs from Apple's iTunes Music Store, it can play songs from Rhapsody, Napster, Musicmatch, MSN Music, Wal-Mart, AOL Music Now, Yahoo Music and other members of the ''MMS-MMS'' consortium (Microsoft-based Music Stores with Minuscule Market Share).
Vornado is in the midst of several large projects, including the construction of two major skyscrapers, one over the Port Authority Bus Terminal and one on the East Side of Manhattan.
Shares of Biogen Inc. fell sharply again today after the company's presentation of data on its proposed drug for multiple sclerosis at a conference here on Monday.
The plaintiffs' allegation in the suit was that Microsoft illegally appropriated their technology, so it was not Microsoft's to contribute to an open standard.
''They wondered why Comcast would put money in a goofy business,'' like Disney, that executive said.
Five former Xerox executives -- including the former chairman, Paul A. Allaire, and the former chief financial officer, Barry D. Romeril, both of whom retired Dec. 31; and the former chief executive, G. Richard Thoman, who was ousted in May 2000 -- have also been asked by the S.E.C.
Most can be found in the frozen-food section of supermarkets, like Whole Foods, which has freezers dedicated to baby food in some of its stores.
Nordstrom said it hired a national search firm before settling on Blake Nordstrom to take the role of president.
But comScore Media Metrix, an online research firm, said that Verizon SuperPages drew 20.1 percent of all searches on Internet yellow page sites in July, second only to Yahoo.
AT&T's broadband cable television revenue rose 10.9 percent, to $2.5 billion.
Microsoft, in fact, had used Yahoo to sell search-related advertising on its MSN service, but is shifting to its own system.
The trade group, whose members include the nation's leading software companies -- including Microsoft -- is expected to argue in its brief that Microsoft has a monopoly in the market for personal computer operating systems and that the company should not be permitted to use its market power to protect its monopoly or to give it an edge in new markets, according to the lawyer.
EBay says it is picking up the costs of managing the auction, which is being set up for the designers by an outside group, and plans to charge commissions of 3 percent to 10 percent, depending on an item's cost.
Nor have they laid out their views on the kind of antitrust issues that the Microsoft case and the yearlong trial have raised.
Citigroup shares fell 21 cents, to $49.29.
Edelman also helped Wal-Mart develop a political-style war room, staffed by former political operatives, which monitors and responds to the retailer's critics, and helped create Working Families for Wal-Mart, a new group that is trying to build support for the company in cities across the country.
Hotels are opening up lobbies for business travelers to hold meetings even if they are not guests; offer amenities such as free Wi-Fi connections and wine and cheese to encourage growing trend; hotel managers see opportunity to lure customers who may not be familiar with location; chains such as Starwood Hotels and Resorts and Marriott International are redesigning lobbies to accomodate impromptu meetings; photo (M)
In what may be the worst timing of the year, the deal is expected just days after a Merrill Lynch analyst downgraded the entire semiconductor sector and Intel, the world's leading chip maker, reported second-quarter earnings that disappointed investors.
And Express Scripts has been criticized for loading itself up with debt to make an offer that may not receive the F.T.C.
In the end, Apple gave in and made Microsoft's Internet Explorer the default browser and agreed not to promote Navigator, which had been the default browser on Macintosh computers.
Microsoft, the government said, has already had ''ample time to formulate its position.''
They differ with the Government, however, in asserting that they had every right to take the actions they took against Compaq, Digital and Intergraph, and they say that Intel will take similar actions again if the need arises.
Wieden & Kennedy, best known for its clever campaigns for Nike Inc., had once been Microsoft's principal American agency.
I.B.M.
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission released Sunday evening, the company said that it had received a subpoena on April 10 from the United States attorney's office for the Southern District of New York seeking information about the votes of Deutsche Bank and Northern Trust in connection with the proposed merger.
Other competitors are crowding Xerox, too.
Last September, for instance, on the eve of an Apple announcement, Belkin's lead designer was dispatched to China.
When a user types in keywords on Yahoo or another search engine, the chances are that they will click on one of the first links they see.
Intel asserts that the Government has no business intruding on this negotiation.
Alliance Pharmaceutical says researchers investigating why patients receiving Oxygent, its blood substitute, have more strokes and other adverse reactions during heart surgery than those in control group who did not get Oxygent have concluded that flawed surgery preparation procedures are to blame, not product itself; Alliance plans to resume clinical testing of Oxygent and will receive $15 million investment in May from Baxter International under agreement that gives Baxter right to manufacture Oxygent if it gains regulatory approval and to sell it in US, Canada and Europe (M)
There is no escaping the fact that Microsoft has now finally and resoundingly crossed the Rubicon.
They may not nab aisle seats, but by the end of February, passengers on Alaska Airlines will be able to dodge lines and check in for their flights with their Palm organizers or wireless phones on the day of departure.
Recent adoptees of Coca-Cola Light include Mexico, Turkey and Peru.
Jury in San Bernardino County, Calif, Superior Court awards $116 million in punitive damages to David Goodrich's widow, Teresa, who contends her husband died after subsidiary of Aetna Inc, nation's largest health insurer, delayed approving treatment for stomach cancer that its own doctors had recommended; lawyers on both sides call it largest such verdict against health maintenance organization; Aetna says it is confident that damages will be overturned on appeal, as will finding by jury, which awarded $4.5 million in actual damages in 1995 death (M)
Board of Hynix Semiconductor, in startling defiance of company's creditors, its own management and South Korean government, votes unanimously to reject takeover of most of its assets by Micron Technology, saying price is too low; board says it is determined to keep Hynix alive on its own; photo (M)
The company's position drew some support from the North American Electric Reliability Council, a group created by utilities to set standards for reducing the risks of disruption, which had called public attention to FirstEnergy's problems over the weekend.
Wal-Mart officials said Mr. Lynn was not fired for being a forceful monitor, but for violating rules against fraternization.
The deal comes a month after the 3Com Corporation's $6.6 billion acquisition of the U.S. Robotics Corporation, and like that deal is intended to broaden Ascend's arsenal in the battle with Cisco Systems Inc., the market leader in the fast-growing networking business.
In 2006, Exxon's spending on exploration and development projects was $19.9 billion, 12 percent more than in 2005.
As for Wal-Mart, it ''hit an apparel iceberg'' last year, Mr. Slater of Lazard said.
Adobe Acrobat 6.0 will come in three versions, each designed for users with specific needs and ways of using files.
Citigroup dealt with controversy over the umbrella from the start of the merger.
Hiring Citigroup would probably have to be disclosed in the S.E.C.
But he did give interviews beforehand with The New York Times, which Microsoft cited in the filing.
The critical product development function for search, will report to Jeff Weiner, Yahoo's senior vice president for search.
After trying but failing to sell its $1-billion-a-year PC sales unit to focus on its Web site operating business, Micron Electronics said that the Gores Technology Group would acquire the assets and liabilities of the money-losing unit, Micron PC.
Phone calls were not answered at the press office of the police division known as Department K, which had previously notified Motorola that the 50,000 phones had been destroyed.
Colgate-Palmolive Sweeps Awards
Draft Worldwide, part of Interpublic Group of Companies, expands its direct marketing operation in Germany by agreeing to acquire M & V Gmbh, which has billings estimated at $78 million; Herbert Schneider and Bernhard Voigtlander will continue to head agency as managing directors; Common Health, part of WPP Group, acquires Gowers Advertising in London; billings estimated at $18.6 million (S)
Corning had been negotiating to do so by acquiring
Executives of Cisco pointed to several examples of large purchases of such equipment: a New Zealand government agency that had purchased 8,000 of the new Internet telephone handsets and associated switching gear and the Dow Chemical Company, which has purchased 40,000 phones.
The Xerox software works in a four-step process.
By late March, Humana said it had whittled the backlog down to a mere $73 million.
Judge Michael E Ballachey orders Ford Motor Co to recall and repair nearly two million cars and trucks after concluding that automaker knowingly installed defective ignitiion systems in as many as 22 million vehicles nationwide and concealed defects from consumers and regulators; order is first recall imposed on carmaker by a judge in US history; case affects vehicles that were made between 1983 and 1995 and registered in California (M)
MANAGEMENT: THE BOSS Michael R. Bonsignore, 58, is chairman of Honeywell Inc., which is merging with Allied Signal Inc., a diversified manufacturer in Morristown, N.J.
Hoping to snuff speculation that Citigroup has a bigger stake in Brasil Telecom than it has disclosed, Ms. Cico said in a phone interview that she would reassure Brazil's telecommunications agency, Anatel, that control of the company rests with a consortium of investors in which Citigroup has a minority stake.
Verizon Communications, the No.
Under the Nynex proposal, A.T.& T. might pay only $1.50 in the city but a higher amount -- some $8.50 -- elsewhere in the state.
But when the sole-supplier agreement expires around the year 2018 and Delta's fleet is filled with Boeing jets, the upper hand in negotiations may then belong to Boeing, which will be keenly aware of the additional costs to Delta -- such as filling warehouses of spare parts -- if the airline were to buy Airbus planes.
Best Buy will feature Napster products in its brick-and-mortar stores and demonstrate the service through interactive kiosks.
There is no question that the deal proposed on Monday by America Online Inc. and Time Warner Inc. would be the biggest corporate combination in American history.
To run the low-end Vista Home Basic version of the system, Microsoft states that a compatible PC needs to have at least an 800-megahertz processor, 512 megabytes of system memory and a graphics processor that can run the DirectX 9 multimedia software and has at least 32 megabytes of graphics memory.
''Oracle saved $1 billion in 1 year,'' the ad states.
The job of steering Intel falls to Craig R. Barrett, who took over the chief executive's job from longtime leader Andrew S. Grove, just last week.
I.B.M.
And though prepared foods have long been part of Whole Foods' draw, it has upped the ante downtown, with two stand-alone restaurants, seemingly countless salad and coffee bars, and a French fry operation called Pommes Frites.
Near the end of its first research report on the company in April, US Bancorp Piper Jaffray, which helped underwrite Selectica's offering, tried to quantify the effect of the Cisco warrants, along with other, smaller sweeteners that Selectica offered Intel, Dell and Samsung.
''Wal-Mart took a rational view of the whole process, and they're getting hammered for it,'' said Eric Beder, a retail analyst with JB Hanauer in New York.
The deal is the second step to expand Con Edison's reach.
Butterfly.net Inc plans to announce its Butterfly Grid, software development tools and network for so-called massively multiplayer video games, which can be played by thousands of people at same time; IBM will supply most of underlying technology for game grid; Butterfly chief executive David Levine comments (S)
J. W. Marriott Jr., the soft-spoken chief executive of Marriott International, the hotel company founded in 1957 by his parents, winced when asked why during a recent lunch in New York.
Halliburton Co, two days before issuing its second-quarter results, warns investors that it will have to take several one-time charges that will result in loss for quarter; news touches off drop of nearly 14 percent in company's stock; charges total about $236 million so far and stem from losses incurred at offshore oil drilling project, write-downs from layoffs and costs related to sale of certain businesses (M)
Certainly, in the markets where Microsoft has engineered come-from-behind winners, the company has followed a formula: make competitive products, but also change the economics of the target market.
The most popular eight-bit computers are the Commodore 64, of which 20 million units were sold from 1982 to 1992; the Sinclair ZX Spectrum, which was the most popular computer in Britain in the mid-1980's, and the Apple II line, which went on the market in 1977 and became immensely popular for its educational software.
Verizon Directories publishes in 35 states, primarily in the Northeast and Midwest, but also in California, Florida and Texas.
Amazon.com removes from its British site jacket of Arabic book about Riyadh skyscraper that shows face of Saudi Prince Alwaleed bin Talal bin Abdul Aziz al-Saud in traditional attire and image of plane flying through opening in skyscraper; holds it would be offensive to some people in wake of World Trade Center attacks; will continue to sell book; photo (M)
In an interview, Apple's chairman, Steven P. Jobs, called the transition ''the best and smoothest one we've ever seen in the whole history of the industry.''
While each paper has written things that might be considered unflattering about both Mr. O'Reilly and his accuser, The Post has tended to paint Ms. Mackris in a more negative light than The News has.
''I think the Merck bombshell has certainly superseded anything else we might have gotten today,'' said Bryan Piskorowski, market analyst at Wachovia Securities.
Recently, I.B.M.
United Video will pay the News Corporation $800 million in cash and $1.2 billion in United Video stock.
''It's like suing your family,'' said Edwin Rice, chief executive of Ozarks Coca-Cola Bottling in Springfield, Mo.
Mr. Albert said the concept, known as ''click to call,'' was an important example of combining eBay's expertise in online sales with Skype's capacity to allow people to make inexpensive calls.
Yahoo is set to introduce its first subscription video service, with programming that includes college basketball, investment news and CBS's Survivor (M)
I.B.M.
He said that while many people may thumb their noses at McDonald's, they still line up for fries and Big Macs.
Interpublic has also been grappling with financial and operational problems that have led it to restate earnings and delay its most recent quarterly reports.
At stake is a growing product category in which Listerine, part of Pfizer, sold $82.1 million worth of Pocket Paks in the 52 weeks ending April 20, according to Information Resources Inc. in Chicago.
But McDonald's remains far and away the biggest fast-food advertiser.
Shares in Blue Martini rise 16 percent after e-commerce software company announces that it signed agreement under which it would work more closely with Intel; graph (S)
Apple sold slightly more than a million computers in the quarter, 26 percent more than the same quarter last year.
After Netscape declined Microsoft's offer to divide the Internet browser market, the Government contends, Microsoft embarked on a pattern of anticompetitive behavior intended to thwart the challenge posed by Netscape.
He was a chain smoker for much of his life, and the best way to find him in the I.B.M.
Morgan Stanley spent tens of millions of dollars promoting the Discover brokerage business on television, in print and on line in recent years.
ALLEN LEAVES MICROSOFT BOARD
Yet Robert Westmoreland of Wal-Mart Stores Inc., has been the driving force behind the phenomenal success of computer hunting games, led by Deer Hunter and Cabela's Big Game Hunter.
Patty Smith, an Amazon spokeswoman, declined to answer the question.
In interviews, half a dozen Wal-Mart workers said there was a growing perception within the company that managers did not respond to employees' ideas and complaints.
''If, say, in the next six months or thereabouts Microsoft is able to update I.E.
But after the Microsoft Office onslaught, Lotus sought refuge by selling itself to I.B.M.
Mr. Bell has also worked for McDonald's development company in Germany and in operations in Belgium, the Netherlands, Norway and Sweden.
However, one analyst who requested anonymity was less enthusiastic, saying that the News Corporation was effectively paying a high price for Liberty's 21 percent stake in Gemstar.
Nike, based in Beaverton, Ore., markets shoes and other products under different brand names.
Ellen Turner, recruited by Mr. Knight in 1999 from Kinko's to become Nike's chief marketing officer, lasted six months.
Joseph D. France, an analyst at Credit Suisse First Boston, projects that 15 to 20 cents will be added to Aetna's earnings per share in 2000.
News Corp promotes Peter Chernin, chairman of 20th Century Fox unit, to newly created position of president of News Corp; company names Chernin and Chase Carey, chairman of Fox Television Group, as co-chief operating officers of News Corp; both men are named to board, along with Rupert Murdoch's son, Lachlan Murdoch, who is managing director of News Ltd of Australia; Chernin and Carey are also appointed to newly created office of chairman, which has been established to oversee worldwide operations and will include Murdoch, David F DeVoe, chief financial officer, and Arthur M Siskind, the general counsel (L)
This Oct. 3 discussion is central to Microsoft's assertion that America Online, Netscape and the Government plotted, in essence, to keep the proposed deal from Microsoft and the judge until the other companies' witnesses had testified.
Microsoft has doggedly resisted giving any ground in the case, arguing that its software integration approach serves its customers well.
Research in Motion says it will use new chip from Intel for its next generation of BlackBerry wireless e-mail devices and phones (S)
Farzad Nazem, the chief technical officer, will head a new technology group, and Yahoo said it would run an external search for an executive to lead its audience group, as well as for a new chief financial officer.
In something of a surprise embrace, Time Warner Cable and the CBS Corporation announced yesterday that they had signed an agreement for Time Warner's cable systems to carry the digital television signals of CBS's 15 television stations, by adding extra channels to the cable systems.
The sponsors, which include General Electric, I.B.M., McDonald's and Sears, Roebuck, will begin promoting the low-cost plans in April and May to 3 million eligible workers, about 7 percent of the 45 million uninsured Americans.
''Microsoft is trying to change the face of corporate computing over the next three or four years,'' said George F. Colony, president of Forrester Research Inc.
Aetna said it would add $15, on average, to a doctor's $40 fee for a routine visit, when physicians use the screening questionnaire.
AT&T's name, they say, lacks the luster it had before the company was broken up in 1984.
Mrs. Welch's subsequent divorce court filing detailed a way of living partly underwritten by General Electric, which provided Mr. Welch with an apartment in Trump Tower in Manhattan and agreed to pay for such services there as flowers, a chef and laundry bills.
Glenn Kramon, business editor of The Times, said that a reporter who owned 1,000 shares of Citigroup would not have been allowed to conduct The Times's interview with Mr. Weill that resulted in a front-page article on July 17.
An earlier brief, filed on May 10, laid out Microsoft's broad objections to the remedy proposal.
Last August, for instance, Mr. Jager suggested that Procter was becoming more astute, boasting that it took the company only two months to negotiate the $2.3 billion acquisition of the Iams Company, the pet food maker.
Intel, world's leading maker of computer chips, will try to spend its way through troubled economic times; chief executive Craig R Barrett tells semiannual Intel Developer Forum in San Jose that he has seen sharp slowdown in American manufacturing, but he rebuts report from Salomon Smith Barney analyst saying that Intel will reduce its spending budget, which calls for $12 billion investment in research, development and production this year; Intel executives say they have no plans to slow their pace of acquisitions; photo (M)
George Strachan, a retail analyst for Goldman, Sachs, called Wal-Mart's income statement solid but added, ''We continue to regard Wal-Mart stock as fully valued, selling at 25.2 times our fiscal 2004 estimate.''
The investigative piece about the antitrust lawsuit against the Microsoft Corporation, ''Hard Core'' by Ken Auletta, was the longest by far published under David Remnick, the editor who took over from Ms. Brown last July.
Coca-Cola will be the sole sponsor of the international broadcast of the Super Bowl on Sunday.
Mac OS X users have the option of Apple's Keynote 2 program for presentations and slideshows.
U.S. May Seek to Expand Evidence in Microsoft Case
Those questions came to mind in the wake of Exxon Mobil's report last week that in 2005 it spent more money buying back stock than it did on capital spending, exploration and research and development.
This provision therefore would permit OEMs to pre-install such operating systems on their computers if they do not like the features and functionality of Microsoft's new operating systems.
PeopleSoft warned investors on Wednesday that its second-quarter earnings would be worse than it expected, blaming Oracle's relentless takeover bid for damage to its business.
A top Time Warner corporate executive said it would probably publish short offerings of digital nonfiction and fiction from established authors like David Baldacci and Walter Mosley.
As a settlement in a lawsuit brought by other investors against the validity of the pill, News Corporation has agreed to put the pill to a vote at its annual meeting on Oct. 20.
Analysts said that while Johnson might increase its $63.08 bid, it was not likely to match the Boston Scientific offer.
Second, the elaborate Web portal built by Excite@Home appears to have done little to differentiate Comcast's service.
Both Barnesandnoble.com and Amazon.com offer gift certificates up to $500.
By the end of the year, there will be 59 clinics, a Wal-Mart spokeswoman, Mona Williams, said.
Morgan Stanley also declined to comment.
Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley agree to pay $40 million each to settle allegations that they sought commitments from customers to buy shares after initial public offering in move to support price after stock began trading; Securities and Exchange Commission complaints against Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley accused them of violating rule that prohibits offering underwriters from trying to induce investors to buy shares after trading begins; two firms settle complaints without admitting or denying wrongdoing (M)
Apple has long been a significant player in the education market for computers, though its share has been shrinking in recent years.
The aide to Mr. Ashcroft, David Israelite, had been the political director of the Republican National Committee, which received hundreds of thousands of dollars from Microsoft during the 2000 presidential campaign.
The joint state-federal plan calls for breaking Microsoft roughly in half.
At a special meeting tomorrow, True North shareholders are expected to approve the proposed acquisition of their company by Interpublic.
Loan Unit Drags Down H&R Block
The latest sign of this shift occurred Thursday, when the Ford Motor Company confirmed that it would not meet its widely publicized goal of selling 250,000 hybrid vehicles a year by 2010, a goal set last fall when energy prices spiked after Hurricane Katrina.
So far, Taesa, which stands for Transportes Aereos Ejecutivos S.A., has mainly been a charter airline, with flights linking American and Canadian cities with Mexican destinations like Cancun, Mexico City, Acapulco and Puerto Vallarta.
Boeing says there is not enough demand from the world's airlines to justify the cost of building a new superjumbo jet.
Invading the world of Jell-O and Miracle Whip to revive its battered toy business, Mattel Inc. announced yesterday that it had named Robert A. Eckert, the chief executive of Kraft Foods, as its new chairman and chief executive.
Prince, saying in a statement that ''their status as company insiders raises questions about the independence and objectivity of Citigroup's board of directors.''
1 maker of advanced data networking equipment, speaking yesterday from Phoenix, where he had just finished speaking to more than 300 senior Comcast executives.
Third Agency Cuts Credit Rating Of Ford Motor, but Not to Junk
Those two businesses accounted for most of Microsoft's revenue growth in the quarter, the first in the company's 2007 fiscal year.
Comcast's shares fell 27 cents, or 1 percent, to close yesterday at $27.87.
Hallmark Cards Inc and Amazon.com are being named to Marketing Hall of Fame by New York chapter of American Marketing Association (S)
American International Group severs all ties with Maurice R Greenberg, executive who had built company into global giant over four decades; Greenberg informs board that, upon his return from Europe, he will retire as nonexecutive chairman of board after being stripped of his chief executive title two weeks ago; will not run for re-election as director after his current term expires in May; Frank Zarb, lead director, will assume duties of chairman as company considers who to elect (M)
KPMG is censured by Securities and Exchange Commission, which says firm helped executives at Xerox Corp manipulate and distort financial statements from 1997 through 2000 by issuing audits stating that Xerox's reports were consistent with accounting rules when they were not; accounting firm also agrees to make extensive changes to its business practices to prevent future securities law violations; one measure requires that chairman of KPMG to certify to SEC that mandated overhaul has been put in place and to provide commission with evidence that firm is conforming to changes; KPMG also says it will pay almost $22.5 million in settlement, including $10 million civil penalty, repayment of $9.8 million it earned by auditing Xerox's books during period, and $2.7 million in interest; neither admits nor denies any wrongdoing (M)
Microsoft's Hometown Sees Cause for Optimism
Verizon has 1.4 million D.S.L.
The new software -- which Microsoft hopes to use in commercial products within the year -- would act as a combination secretary and traffic cop to hold back the torrents of electronic and voice mail, appointment requests and Internet information that increasingly threaten to overwhelm today's office workers.
NORTHWEST AND 787'S -- Northwest Airlines said it expected to take delivery of its first Boeing 787 Dreamliner in the third quarter of 2008, becoming the first North American airline to fly the new long-haul aircraft.
That had been the original intention of AT&T's chairman, C. Michael Armstrong, before Comcast shook up the plan last summer by making an unsolicited hostile offer for the unit, AT&T Broadband.
In 1990, he was made vice president for regional marketing and was named managing director of McDonald's Australia in 1993.
But company officials say that Ford Motor has stood by its main commitments, including a pledge in 2000 to improve the fuel economy of its S.U.V.
Pfizer's shares, which had recently been battered, rose 42 cents on Thursday, the day Merck said it would withdraw its drug, and 37 cents more on Friday, closing at $30.97.
Microsoft contends that the European order amounts to an unwarranted and sweeping grab of its intellectual property rights.
''The biggest hurdle for General Mills would be convincing investors that it could accelerate top-line growth,'' said Andrew Lazar of Lehman Brothers.
Last week, the News Corporation's plan for a new television channel to be co-owned with a Chinese company was quashed by the government.
But Cordis, the Johnson & Johnson subsidiary that makes Cypher, is busy pointing out -- and some doctors are agreeing -- that the early comparison data consistently favors Cypher.
Johnson & Johnson shares closed yesterday at $62.97, down 3 cents.
Officials familiar with the government position say Microsoft has known since abortive settlement talks in March 1999 that the government might seek to break up the company.
''Copier and printer markets are healthy, so Xerox may have pulled these stocks down,'' said B. Alexander Henderson, an analyst with Prudential Securities Research.
Everett H Ortner letter, in light of Time Warner-American Online merger, comments on poor service he receives from AOL (Jan 11 article)
He asserted that the states' study of the proposed settlement found flaws that made his decision to oppose it ''a no-brainer,'' particularly in light of ''Microsoft's repeated history of violating court orders and rules.''
Intel will also begin selling components called chip sets, which allow the processor to talk to other parts of a PC, to accompany the Xeon.
NBC Universal yesterday named Michael Pilot, a General Electric executive since 2002, as president of its advertising sales division.
Floyd Norris column on whether Airbus' A380 jetliner will be bust for company; says unscientific poll of frequent fliers shows significant hostility to A380, plane few have seen; says there is widespread doubt that airlines will choose spacious 550-seat version that Airbus is publicizing, rather than opt for one with something closer to 800 seats; adds there is fear of big delays getting onto and off plane, and at customs; notes Boeing Co's new 787 plane is selling well at Paris Air Show; graph (M)
Though America Online was the clear leader in the on-line services business, it had ample reason to worry about an all-out assault by a rival as rich and aggressive as Microsoft.
This requirement, which Microsoft abandoned before the trial even started, is important to the case because the opening screen serves as a gateway to the Internet and to the tremendous profit potential in steering consumers to specific Internet service providers and Web sites.
So why has I.B.M.
They worry that Honeywell managers paid little attention to calculating next year's operating budgets or setting short-term strategies.
Time Warner and CBS in Pact on Digital TV
Procter is teaming up with popular Web sites, like iVillage.com and Women.com, to promote its beauty and health care products.
Net income in the quarter a year earlier included charges related to Motorola's investment in the Iridium satellite system and gains from the sale of businesses.
Allied is a leading supplier of safety instruments to airlines, while Honeywell is a leader in cockpit displays for aircraft manufacturers.
Adjusting for the rise of the Consumer Price Index, I.B.M.
If I.B.M.
The Interpublic Group of Companies said yesterday that it had acquired DeVries Public Relations in New York, which specializes in public relations for marketing companies.
Mr. Simeon told Wal-Mart to get a new supplier.
Eight of the nation's largest technology companies, including I.B.M., Microsoft and Oracle, have agreed to embrace open, nonproprietary technology standards as the software building blocks for a national health information network.
The unit has nine brands with more than $100 million in annual sales, according to Pfizer.
EBay selects BBDO Worldwide, part of Omnicom Group, to replace Goodby, Silverstein & Partners, another Omnicom agency, which EBay unexpectedly dismissed on March 29; EBay spent estimated $80 million last year on advertising (S)
''Maybe that's why Boeing said, 'I'll launch these babies and I'll be a contract-for-hire here.'
Intel fell $1.81, to $30.50, in extended trading before rising to $32.63.
will probably buy $1 billion in displays from Acer, using technology licensed from I.B.M.
Still, he argued, Microsoft had behaved and spent research and development money as if it did face competitive threats, particularly from the International Business Machines Corporation, which introduced the unsuccessful OS/2 operating system almost 10 years ago.
The spicy dishes were a hit, and the Marriotts quickly opened more Hot Shoppes.
Ron Gettelfinger, the president of the United Automobile Workers union, and William Clay Ford Jr., executive chairman of the Ford Motor Company, told Michigan business leaders that cutting emissions and raising fuel economy standards are critical to the future of the industry and that of Michigan.
WCBS News said last week that it would soon open five bureaus in Marriott hotels in the metropolitan area.
''I feel like I just crossed the finish line of the New York Marathon,'' Steven S. Reinemund, PepsiCo's chief executive, said in an interview, adding that the purchase should be completed in a matter of days.
Partly as a show of self-confidence, Aetna has bought back 2.5 million shares in the last quarter.
Essex County (NJ) reports that county's short-term bonds have received highest rating from Moody's Investors Service; Moody's cites county's newly stabilized finances under County Exec James W Treffinger (S) (New Jersey Daily Briefing)
All 10 directors seeking re-election to the Interpublic board, including Mr. Bell, were successful.
At a Wal-Mart store in suburban Rio de Janeiro the other day, Ana Paula Cunha de Almeida, a 26-year-old housewife, had loaded her shopping cart with rice, beans and flour.
The Microsoft story is that contrary to the Government's allegations, it has not illegally used the market muscle derived from its control of desktop personal computer software to stifle the challenge from Internet software.
''It looks like offering tax incentives to Wal-Mart is a jackpot investment for local governments,'' she said.
The deal with Microsoft values Sky Global at about $30 billion, partly because technology stocks have slumped recently.
What is more, AT&T accused Frontier of playing dirty pool.
Gregory B. Maffei, the chief financial officer and a co-president of the Oracle Corporation, resigned unexpectedly yesterday, less than five months after he joined the company.
Though noticeably smaller than its squat black predecessor, the console houses three 3.2-gigahertz I.B.M.
Boeing seemed unruffled by the A350, noting it would not enter service until 2012, four years after the 787.
Kodak is no exception -- although health imaging provided $1.6 billion, or about 10 percent, of Kodak's revenues last year, analysts say it provided a lower percentage of profits.
New York State reaches deal with International Paper to protect more than quarter million acres of spruce forest and waterways in Adirondack Mountains from development and open it up to recreation; International Paper, which owns land, will be able to use sustainable methods to harvest wood, in largest land protection deal in state history; map; photo (M)
Merck spun off Medco in August.
''What happened here is that Wal-Mart didn't make a single payment for 2001 and 2002 and only started paying in 2003 after we asked for permission to go forward as a class action,'' Ms. Grant said.
Instead, Mr. Gilmartin said, Merck would use the money from the sale to pay for small acquisitions and licensing deals, and he dismissed suggestions by analysts that the company would enter into any large transactions.
This represents a credible competitor to Intel's new Pentium II, said Charles Piller, executive editor at PC World, which is based in San Francisco.
Walter Isaacson, Time Inc editorial director, lobbies Chinese officials at AOL Time Warner's Fortune Global Forum, Hong Kong, to lift ban on newsstand sales of Time imposed after magazine's Asian edition carried article on outlawed Falun Gong sect; Chinese reportedly signal ban will be lifted this week; News Corp official James Murdoch comments at forum panel discussion on how company deals with Chinese curbs on press freedom; photo (M)
''Comcast does not have the same record.''
EBay Forecast Misses by a Bit, And Shares Fall
Unlike Mr. Nagel, though, he was eager to see Cisco's results, hoping to get a sense of the market's direction from the giant maker of Internet networking equipment.
Of course, Intel has never been accused of being unresponsive.
I.B.M.
''There is no indication that competitive pricing pressures are easing,'' Ed Gams, head of investor relations for Motorola, said.
Ford Motor said it would miss its forecast of 10 cents a share in the third quarter.
That was nowhere near the 25 cents a share Xerox earned in the first quarter of last year, yet it was better than the penny-a-share loss that analysts had predicted.
Instead, cancer researchers have retrieved reams of data from Amgen and Johnson & Johnson and will soon develop a computer simulation of the trial to help determine the best trial design.
''We started 1999 with a strong quarter,'' Louis V. Gerstner Jr., I.B.M.
William Clay Ford Jr. was recently asked if it was fair to call him, as many have, a reluctant chief executive of the Ford Motor Company.
''Every replicator wants to be a Microsoft-designated supplier,'' he said.
a huge advantage against the company that buys Honeywell.''
The two banks pressed hard to reach a settlement ahead of Wednesday's shareholder vote on Bank of America's proposed $48 billion acquisition of FleetBoston, people briefed on the investigation said.
Yahoo's sites rose to 27 percent, from 25 percent a year ago.
Both Mr. Gordon's division and the bank's private banking group, which caters to wealthy individuals, report to Richard DeMartini, head of asset management for Bank of America.
In addition, the union reiterated concern over Verizon's move to expand in the high-speed Internet access business by acquiring NorthPoint Communications.
Just this week, Mr. Morgenthau's office announced the indictment of five people accused of using inside information from Morgan Stanley -- and before that, Smith Barney -- that Ms. Baridis was said to have passed along.
Instead, the analysts say, the lingering issue about I.B.M.
''There will be a fire sale of Boeing's investments and then someone will take over this niche market.''
The authority's decision yesterday came after some high drama, brinksmanship and the authority's decision to extend their deadline by five days  to try to get a contract with Vornado.
India's government said tests of samples of Coca-Cola and PepsiCo products showed that they conformed to safety standards.
''Given their profit-and-loss swings, they were taking on huge positions,'' said Robert Litzenberger, the former head of risk management at Goldman Sachs.
Loews Entertainment, which has expanded its Reel Moms program to 24 theaters in 20 cities in the last two years, has shown romantic comedies like ''Along Came Polly,'' action films like ''Hidalgo'' and the thriller ''Spartan.''
Microsoft's lawyers will call Peter Prescott, another lawyer well known in the area of intellectual property, as a witness to support its argument that the commission's order to reveal Windows code violates the company's intellectual property rights.
Analysts said that Mr. Zuendt's departure only added to the considerable uncertainty about Wells Fargo, once among Wall Street's darlings.
In 2001, Advanced Micro and another chip maker, VIA Technologies of Taiwan, complained about what they contended were anti-competitive practices by Intel in Europe.
the right to make chips based on Intel's x86 design for computers running Windows and Linux.
''I would not be training if I didn't have this job; it's too much of a struggle,'' said Julia Chilicki, 28, a rower who was in the 1996 Olympics and recently transferred from a Home Depot in Massachusetts to one in South Carolina so she could train with her team.
For every Boeing accusation, Airbus has a riposte.
Boeing acceded to European demands that the exclusivity clauses be dropped so that Airbus Industrie, the European consortium that is Boeing's biggest rival, would not be frozen out of competition for new orders for so many years.
There are two types: OLS, online services like America Online, Prodigy and the Microsoft Network, which offer Internet access, various services and proprietary content; and ISP, Internet service providers like MindSpring and Netcom, which offer few services apart from Internet access and relatively little of their own content.
Pierre Chao, an analyst who covers Boeing for Morgan Stanley Dean Witter, said that Boeing's move should benefit investors.
Microsoft is now the only technology company in Fidelity's top five.
General Motors reported a decline in first-quarter profit on Tuesday, but the results were better than expected, driven by a record performance in its financing business, surging Asian auto sales and a shrinking tax bill in the United States.
The chip technology could be used to run both Microsoft's existing Xbox software and newer applications at high speed.
Mr. Scott, referring to Wal-Mart workers on Medicaid, said: ''Do we want more of our associates' kids on our health plans?
Adobe Systems Inc shares plunge after software publisher warns of slowing quarterly sales; graph (S)l
Microsoft Makes Another Interactive TV Investment
Shares of Yahoo closed down $38.6875, to $397.375, at the close of regular trading.
''I don't know if I blame management, but the problem certainly isn't the people who are putting the machines together,'' said Gary Bonadonna, director of the Rochester joint board of the Union of Needle Trades, Industrial and Textile Employees, which represents Xerox employees.
Investors seeking more for their MCI shares are not the only ones opposed to Verizon's purchase.
Before the announcement, Time Warner's shares had roughly the same volatility as the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index.
Russia had evaded American export laws by buying the I.B.M.
A T Kearney consulting firm says many of Wal-Mart's suppliers have not budgeted for marking their products with radio-frequency identification tags; Wal-Mart, while strongly committed to technology, reportedly told suppliers and technology vendors that it will confine initial rollout to three distribution centers and 150 Texas stores and weighs stressing few product categories (M)
Suing Wal-Mart but Still Hoping to Move Up
At Cisco, which makes much of the equipment that routes data on the Internet, earnings estimates for the year ending in July 2002 have fallen to 18 cents a share from about $1 a share in January.
A woman in her mid-40's, she had worked for other retailers and had shopped at the Wal-Mart store in her community.
Apple introduces MacBooks, new line of laptops with bright, glossy wide-screen display and built-in camera for video chats on the go; photo (S)
In a tacit acknowledgment that it was charging too much, A.T.& T. said yesterday that it planned to cut the price of its Videophone 2500 by a third, to $1,000, and would send $500 rebates to customers who had already bought the phone.
Since Comcast made its $54.1 billion offer for Disney, its shares have been clobbered.
At Yahoo.com's Shopping site, I browsed a list of dozens of retailers who were offering free shipping in the spirit of the season.
Ford Motor and the Chrysler Group, a division of DaimlerChrysler, responded with similar deals last month.
Johnson & Johnson, in 1994, pioneered the stent, a meshlike device inserted in coronary arteries that serves as scaffolding to help overcome the constrictions that cause heart attacks.
Key Division To Be Sold By Corning
Still, Ms. Rembert's union has filed a shareholder's resolution asking Wells Fargo to specify how it is addressing both the risks and market opportunities presented by global warming.
The $1.1 million prize fund will be put up by I.B.M., perhaps a measure of the company's confidence, with $700,000 earmarked for the winner.
The TOM Online alliance could help eBay move more quickly, as Mr. Wang has a reputation for decisiveness and blunt words.
With the concentration of power by Marsh and Aon in the arena of big corporate insurance, Mr. Equale said, ''the free market becomes an old-boys' network.''
Finally, Mr. Manetta said, Intel will delay its effort to provide each of its employees with a free personal computer and Internet access until 2002.
But Microsoft gave permission to a dozen companies that asked to make the changes, and Mr. Kempin insisted the same permission would be given to any others that came forward.
Ever since Cisco went from being a router manufacturer to a company offering a full line of networking devices, mostly by acquiring several concerns, competitors have struggled to keep up.
JetBlue Airways will announce plans to start service on March 24 between New York and Bob Hope Airport in Burbank, Calif; Southwest Airlines is dominant carrier at Burbank; graph; photo (M)
Thus, many Xerox invoices went unpaid, while the sales representatives had to cope with new clients even as they fielded irate calls from old ones.
Union Pacific Railroad, seeking to fend off demands for tougher Federal regulation, says congestion on its tracks is easing, capacity is expanding and competition from rival carriers is intensifying; says whole railroad is now using single computer system for first time; Surface Transportation Board is accepting public comment on whether Government should do more to clean up railroad congestion around Houston area and Gulf of Mexico coast; is also set to weigh broader forms of relief for railroad's customers and tighter control over rail industry (M)
European Commission stops clock in its probe into planned acquisition by General Electric of Finnish medical equipment company Instrumentarium, pushing back Aug 18 deadline for ruling on deal; GE says it still expects to close deal by end of September; deal is also under examination in US (M)
But certain companies whose debt is rated by Moody's ''would probably prefer that we did not move ratings more frequently,'' Mr. Mahoney said.
Yet Goldman's rating for the Gap's stock has remained at hold.
Still, the case can be made that Wal-Mart's dogged low-price model helps it run counter to economic cycles -- making it a more compelling spending destination for consumers with tight budgets.
In the battle between Apple and Microsoft, Bertrand Serlet and Steven Sinofsky are the field generals in charge of competing efforts to ensure that the PC's basic software stays relevant in an increasingly Web-centered world.
The company, the world's largest aerospace company, called Harry C. Stonecipher, who led the McDonnell Douglas Corporation into a merger with Boeing six years ago, out of retirement to become its new chief executive.
On Tuesday, in Federal court in San Jose, Calif., Mr. Gates's Internet strategy of ''embrace and extend'' -- in other words, to add Microsoft-specific features to industry-standard software -- suffered a stinging defeat.
Oracle representatives declined to comment on whether the company had received one.
He added in the report that the reduction in the market value of Vodafone from the forced sale of its stake in Verizon Wireless, capital gains tax and a bid premium would be about 9 pence a share, or $11.2 billion.
General Mills Is in Talks to Buy Pillsbury Division of Diageo
Under that plan, if a competitor determined that Microsoft was violating the terms of the settlement, its only recourse would have been to complain to the government, which could choose to take Microsoft back to court.
Ms. Schieffelin, 42, was a successful bond saleswoman for Morgan Stanley, earning more than $1.3 million a year, when she first complained that she had been denied a promotion to managing director because of her sex.
Ford and Firestone have each submitted reports to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration asserting that the Explorer tire failures were the result of underinflation, a tire design flaw and tire manufacturing problems.
Robert L. Ehrlich, was a response to growing criticism that Wal-Mart, the nation's largest private employer, has skimped on benefits and shifted health costs to state governments.
The deal was given the code name Project Mountain, while AT&T was referred to as Aspen, BellSouth was called Birch and Cingular Cedar.
Wall Street and unusually nervous invididual investors will look to flood of earnings reports this week to see how optimistic corporate America is in its outlook for economy following last week's market plunge; almost third of companies in Standard & Poor's 500-stock index and half of 30 companies making up Dow Jones industrial average are to report earnings for first three months of year; many will comment on financial quarters ahead and could either counter or reinforce current pessimism about economy; early earnings warnings from companies like General Motors and Ford have already discouraged investors; earnings growth for quarter is likely to be well below pace of last year; sharp fall in market attributed to investors' sudden realization that high crude oil and gasoline prices are curtailing consumer spending, slowing economic growth and cutting into corporate earnings; shift in mood and economic outlook seems to take Federal Reserve by surprise; at its Mar 22 meeting, there was talk of solid job growth and capital spending, with some concern about inflationary pressures; next reading of Fed's views on strength of economy will come after May 3 meeting (M)
Some restaurant analsysts say McDonald's Corp is going to be forced to deal with who is heir apparent after chief executive Charles H Bell underwent successful surgery for colorectal cancer; Bell was appointed chief executive when James R Cantalupo died of heart attack on April 19; photo (M)
If approved by regulators and the Defense Department, a merger of General Dynamics and Newport News would combine the Navy's only two nuclear shipyards, leaving the company the only maker of submarines and aircraft carriers.
Mr. Glaser's appearance before the committee included a computer demonstration of how the latest version of Microsoft's software for receiving streaming media, Windows Media Player, cannot play Internet multimedia programming that is based on the latest Real Networks technology.
Mattel is confident its Tucson presentation will win over reluctant buyers.
The main worry is that after the merger, the unit will buy only Honeywell avionics, just as it buys only General Electric engines at present.
US attorney's office and FBI are looking into actions of computer technician at Wal-Mart Stores who, over period of several months, intercepted pager and text messages and also secretly taped telephone conversations between Wal-Mart employees and New York Times reporter Michael Barbaro; attorney's office and FBI are trying to determine whether federal and state laws were broken and whether they have jurisdiction in matter; Wal-Mart says technician was not authorized to monitor and tape conversations between members of its media relations staff and Barbaro; company does not say what led technician to make recordings or why Barbaro's conversations were target; Wal-Mart spokeswoman Mona Williams say company fired technician and supervisor; third manager has been disciplined; Wal-Mart's chief executive H Lee Scott Jr calls New York Times chief executive Janet L Robinson to explain situation and apologize; Williams adds she contacted Barbaro and personally apologized to him; monitored calls occurred from September 2006 to mid-January 2007 (M)
Frank Lowe, 56, chairman and chief executive at Lowe Group, one of Interpublic's worldwide agencies, was named to the additional position of chairman and chief executive at Octagon.
''We were hopeful Microsoft could support A.M.D.
The old standby Apple Menu is gone, as is the Chooser.
The stores are crucial to Apple's future.
Sony Corp cuts price of its PlayStation 2 video game machine to $150 to match competition from Microsoft Corp's Xbox as it moves ahead with its plans to challenge Nintendo as maker of handheld game players; announcement comes on ever of Electronic Entertainment Expo, annual computer and video game convention, in Los Angeles; photos (M)
They included NHK; the General Instrument Corporation, a manufacturer of cable and satellite equipment; the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and a partnership of Zenith Electronics Inc. and A.T.& T. The fifth was a consortium including the David Sarnoff Research Center of Princeton, N.J., NBC, the North American Philips Corporation and Thomson Consumer Electronics.
In the strongest show of support to date for the embattled Microsoft Corporation, 26 computer industry executives have written to the Justice Department saying that any delay in the introduction of Windows 98 will harm the computer industry.
Revenue from I.B.M.
Despite the declining prices, Intel said it profited from a low-double-digit increase in unit sales of microprocessors, as well as a 16 percent cut in operating expenses from the fourth quarter of 2000.
Heeere's Bill Maher, Live on Amazon
''In defense of Pfizer, I don't think I would want him representing me in the marketplace,'' said John Putzier, president of FirStep, a human resources consulting firm based in Prospect, Pa.
Jacques A Nasser, ousted chief executive of Ford Motor Co, received compensation package worth $23 million as part of his 2001 pay and retirement; company lost $5.5 billion last year, its worst performance since 1992; Nasser received $1.75 million in base pay and no bonus, compared with $1.63 million in base pay and $7.7 million bonus in 2000; photo (M)
Sales at the Marshall Fields department store division of the Target Corporation fell 7.2 percent in July, while shoppers flocked to the company's Target and Mervyn's discount stores.
Profit at News Corporation's cable network unit -- which includes Fox News, FX, regional sports networks and the Speed Channel -- jumped 51 percent, to $143 million, driven in large part by operating income more than doubling at Fox News.
But licenses and acquisitions are expensive and risky, and Pfizer's recent history of deal-making has been less than spectacular.
Clinical Trials of Pfizer Heart Medication Confirm Major Side Effect
Intel said that it planned $5.4 billion to $5.8 billion in capital spending in 2005, up from its earlier projection of $4.9 billion to $5.3 billion.
Procter & Gamble consists of 23 different mathematical and statistical tools that predict why an assembly line would fail and how those breakdowns can be minimized.
''We don't have any idea what radical remedies the government is kicking around,'' said Mark Murray, a Microsoft spokesman.
Abroad, Exxon is facing tough negotiations with Venezuela, which is seeking to gain more control over its energy sector.
AT&T Network Notes was designed to operate on a special communications network designed by AT&T.
Market research companies data show Pfizer Inc's painkillers Celebrex and Bextra experienced jump in sales immediately after rival Merck & Co's Vioxx was pulled from market in late September, but gains appear to be short-lived; doctors appear to be avoiding putting new patients on Bextra, which some studies suggest might have some of same heart risks as Vioxx; doctors are instead turning to older anti-inflammatory drugs like ibuprofen and naproxen and to Mobic, drug made by Boehringer Ingelheim that might end up being biggest winner from Vioxx withdrawal; graph (M)
Sun Is Ready To Push Linux As Alternative To Microsoft
Ms. Needham and other analysts said they were pleasantly surprised with General Motors' performance in Latin America, Africa and the Middle East, where the company recorded a profit of $31 million.
And the savings would disappear if the government insisted that none of Chevron's output was coming from the two leases, but from the four not eligible for the break.
''The last major makeover for the PC happened in the early 90's,'' said William M. Siu, general manager of Intel's desktop platforms group.
They may want more assurances from United Healthcare or get more considerations from them in the deal.''
VeriSign Inc's deal with Icann extending at least through 2007 its control of database that stores Internet's .com addresses is raising concerns among rivals and critics, who say company may have unfair edge in increasingly lucrative market for reselling Internet addresses; deal lets VeriSign keep its separate business of registering and selling Internet addresses; people who have tried to register expired domain names say process is unnecessarily vague, spurring speculation that VeriSign holds onto expired names for longer than necessary; photos (M)
I.B.M.
You might not know this from recent news reports, which have questioned the viability of Priceline's approach to business after the company disclosed a third-quarter revenue shortfall.
A strong January for McCann-Erickson Worldwide continued yesterday as AT&T Wireless Services named the McCann San Francisco office to handle its consolidated national and local advertising and direct marketing accounts, with  billings estimated at more than $40 million.
For example, if a consumer bought an I.B.M.
The Intel Corporation plans to announce on Monday that it has shipped the first server-computer chips based on its Pentium 4 line of microprocessors.
''There was no pressure from Time Warner to refer to it as one thing or another,'' Mr. Pearlstine said.
Ms. Gingras of Procter said that Rochas was the only fashion business in the company and that it did not have the resources or skills required to continue producing ready-to-wear.
The Canadian apparel maker Roots may have had better hats, but Nike scored perfect marks for effectively returning to its own roots.
Patty Smith, an Amazon spokeswoman, said there was no intent by the company to offer biased search results.
Had Netscape accepted Microsoft's offer, it would have had Microsoft's money and its endorsement.
Coke's biggest rival, Pepsi, has similar arrangements with schools.
Europe Goes On Offensive In the Case Of Microsoft
Insurance costs for major firms with exposure to the subprime market, like Lehman Brothers, Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs and Merrill Lynch increased similarly.
Marriott International is putting self-service business centers, jointly operated by Mail Boxes Etc.
Yahoo's new functionality could significantly increase user exposure to this type of service, which has until now struggled to attract attention.
''It's much easier for people like us to get the case set for trial and step on Halliburton's throat at the courthouse and extract more favorable settlements for our serious plaintiffs,'' said Peter Kraus, a Dallas lawyer who represents claimants suffering from mesothelioma, a type of cancer associated with exposure to asbestos fibers.
Leland Rockoff, director of marketing and planning for the Tablet PC at Microsoft, said, ''Our aspiration is that in three to five years, input with pen or with speech will be as ubiquitous as a keyboard and mouse are today.''
At Netscape's headquarters in Silicon Valley, the strategy today is one of avoiding head-to-head competition with Microsoft whenever possible.
In addition, AT&T is expected to increase the use of Notes within its own organization -- doubling the number of Notes users to 40,000, according to one executive familiar with the company's plans.
In an effort to re-establish a presence in laptop computers, Advanced Micro Devices Inc. introduced a new line of mobile microprocessors today, using a name that takes advantage of the branding strength of its biggest rival, the Intel Corporation.
''The tea leaves were pretty clear on the breakup issue in the appeals court decision,'' said A. Douglas Melamed, a partner at Wilmer, Cutler & Pickering, who was a senior official in the Justice Department's antitrust division during the Microsoft trial.
XEROX SAYS S.E.C.
Two of Excite's biggest shareholders, Intuit Inc., the software outfit, and Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, a venture capital firm in Menlo Park, Calif., were also not taking the offer seriously.
The eBay listing, designed by the boyfriend of a sophomore swim team member, was intended to bring attention to the plight of Dartmouth swimmers and maybe raise some money.
The I.B.M.
''It's a matter that is likely to become increasingly prominent as Google encroaches more directly on eBay's business.''
What makes his choice awkward is Mr. Friedman's relationship with Mr. Rubin as co-chairman of Goldman Sachs for two years.
JULIE PFEFFER, who has traveled on business to more than 55 countries, was among many female business travelers not impressed with the announcement by American Airlines last week that it had started a Web site just for its female travelers, www.AA.com/women.
Technology Briefing
The European Union endorsed the takeover of the bankrupt Daewoo Motor by General Motors, saying it would have no anti-competitive effect in Europe.
Cisco Sees No Upturn Soon for Technology Spending
The company will now have the ability to put its engineering resources into technology platforms that could be used across the entire Yahoo network, he added.
Apple's financial woes have diverted attention from the company's surprise acquisition of Next Software Inc. and the return of a co-founder, Steven P. Jobs.
But the bill's opponents say that Altria, which makes the world's most popular cigarette, Marlboro, has more mercenary motives, namely locking up its 51 percent market share of the cigarette business.
''If there is a contract up for award, which is designed to fundamentally re-architect the air traffic control system of the United States, it ought to be done in a competitive environment,'' said John B. Hayhurst, president of Boeing's air traffic management division.
Two recent acquisitions, Deekay Enterprises, which runs the National Blind and Wallpaper Factory chain and provides mail-order services, and Maintenance Warehouses, also a direct-mail company, indicate that Mr. Blank aims to extend Home Depot's tentacles outside the retail box.
He told the story during a recent panel discussion about monopolies, a forum whose unstated question for debate seemed to be: If Bill Gates worries the government, then shouldn't the cable guy -- in the form of a merged AOL-Time Warner -- drive the antitrust people absolutely nuts?
The department put $100 million into research and development for the new design; General Electric says it spent another $200 million.
Some analysts said Mr. Stein could be taking the blame for Mattel's recent problems, including the earnings disappointments.
Cisco made its biggest push into the retail market so far in 2003, when it acquired Linksys, a big maker of Internet routers for the home, for $500 million.
''As Microsoft gets better, the market will get better,'' said Jeff Grant, 27, a Web site administrator here who has been a contract employee at several local companies over the last five years, who is to be laid off from his job next month.
Intel said its profit margins would likely fall to about 53 percent, from 59 percent in the fourth quarter of last year, mainly because revenue has fallen off but its expenses have not.
Baxter International says it will buy Immuno Intenrnational AG, Swiss blood-products company, for $715 million; Baxter says acquisition would help it catch up to world's biggest maker of blood products, Centeon, a joint venture recently formed by Rhone-Poulenc Rorer Inc and Hoechst AG (M)
State Department, yielding to pressure from Rep Frank Wolf and responding to fears that its security might be breached by secretly placed device or hidden software, agrees to keep personal computers made by Lenovo of China off its networks that handle classified government messages and documents; Lenovo executive Jeffrey Carlisle dismisses fears, saying machines will be made in Mexico and North Carolina at plants purchased from IBM; photo (M)
Exxon Mobil now joins Royal Dutch/Shell, Chevron and Unocal, all of them facing litigation in American courts on accusations they abetted and benefited from human rights abuses by state security forces in nations like Nigeria and Burma.
Motorola is aiming to raise as much as $2.2 billion when it sells 121.6 million shares of the unit, Freescale Semiconductor, in the initial public offering.
Target stores were singled out as among the easiest places for teen-agers to buy or steal cigarettes in Minneapolis by undercover buying operations in 1992.
Oracle executives said they had expected the agency's request, because of the size of the deal and because PeopleSoft's proposed acquisition of J. D. Edwards, a smaller software maker, is also being reviewed by regulators.
DaimlerChrysler says its sales increased 9 perent in January compared with year earlier; Nissan's sales rose 25 percent, while Toyota sold 143,729 vehicles, its best January ever, and increase of 15.8 percent compared with year ago; General Motors' overall sales dropped 2 percent, as 17 percent decline in car sales overshadowed 13 percent increase in truck sales; market share slipped to 26 percent, well below 28 percent it had for all of 2003; Ford Motor Co's overall sales dropped 9 percent; sold 14 percent few cars than in January 2003; chart (M)
American Express attributes any increases next year to upward pressure on airlines' labor costs; it expects carriers' capacity growth to be a minimal 3.5 percent, with demand growing similarly.
News Corporation raised its earnings guidelines for the year, expecting operating income to grow 17 to 19 percent, compared with its earlier estimate of ''low double-digit growth.''
Intel researchers have devised novel method for housing microprocessors that Intel hopes will speed development of high-performance microchips with over billion transistors; say such chips could be available in five or six years (M)
With those findings, everyone involved with the case realized that his final judgment -- which would be called a verdict in a criminal case -- was likely to fall heavily against Microsoft, as it did today.
After news reports last year detailing Mr. Rubin's call, some Republicans in Congress demanded that his actions be investigated, suggesting that his contact with Mr. Fisher was an improper attempt to press his former agency to help Citigroup avoid a huge loss from its exposure to Enron.
If approved, the acquisition would be Lockheed Martin's latest in a string of deals intended to increase its share of the government's business.
Motorola said it had expanded its market-leading position in China during the quarter.
Amazon said that its gross profit margin -- sales minus cost of products sold -- fell to 13 percent from 21 percent a year ago.
''Doug has seen the ads and likes them,'' Mr. Fingerman said, meaning Douglas Conant, the new chief executive at Campbell.
The prophets will be distinguishable for their Nike attire as well.
Rumors circulated last month that Highbridge, which was acquired by J.P. Morgan Chase last year, was nursing losses after the downgrade of General Motors' debt last month.
And, like Mr. McGuire, Mr. Topper is leaving Morgan Stanley for a financial conglomerate, J.P. Morgan, which has been working to break away from its stodgy lending business and gain market share in more lucrative businesses like mergers and acquisitions and underwriting.
For the quarter ended Dec. 31, Apple reported a loss of $120 million, compared with a loss of $69 million in the period a year earlier.
The European Commission said yesterday that although it had talked informally with Microsoft about its latest operating platform, XP, the agency was not conducting a formal investigation.
''We continue to expect full-year volume in North America to be flat to up 1 percent versus the prior year,'' said John R. Alm, Coca-Cola Enterprises' president and chief operating officer.
Shares of Coca-Cola Beverages fell 6 pence, to 131 pence ($2.04), on the London Stock Exchange.
The official, who bristled at the characterization of the action as a ''concession to Microsoft,'' said it was particularly important to move swiftly because ''we have an industry here that is rapidly evolving.''
To counter as closely  as possible AT&T's offer of a full year free to current long-distance customers, Netcom is offering the first month for only $5 and unlimited access for only $19.95 monthly after that.
Mr. Nazem, who is responsible for the operation of the Yahoo Web site and for product development, was popular among the company's technology ranks, whom he largely helped hire.
The Microsoft Corporation yesterday reported second-quarter earnings that exceeded Wall Street analysts' expectations, but was punished by after-hours traders for having missed more optimistic ''whisper numbers.''
''The court's decision has troubling ramifications for consumers, service providers and the growth of the Internet,'' said Sara Deutsch, vice president and associate general counsel for Verizon.
Shares of Morgan Stanley fell 2.5 percent yesterday, or $1.35, to $53.13.
Bank of America's $48 billion acquisition of FleetBoston Financial is most brazen move yet by Bank of America chief executive Kenneth D Lewis; Bank of America's stock price has lagged that of its peers over concerns that Lewis is overpaying for FleetBoston and because of bank's role in series of financial scandals; Lewis takes step to restore credibility by announcing two banks will jointly pay $675 million to resolve probe into trading in their mutual funds, eliminating one cloud over merger; Lewis must prove FleetBoston is worth price; Bank of America is paying 40 percent premium to FleetBoston's price before merger was announced; graph; photo (M)
Polo Ralph Lauren Corp names DDB Needham New York as first agency to handle worldwide brand strategy as well as international and regional domestic media placement; billings estimated at $40 million; Long Distance International names Lieber Levett Koenig Farese Babcock as its first agency; billings estimated at $10 million; Triton PCS Inc names West & Vaughan to introduce wireless digital telephone network in Southeast; billings estimated at $7 million (S)
But a person who had been briefed on the negotiations but was not authorized to comment on them publicly said AT&T had been dissuaded by the intense political pressure in Italy against a sale to a foreign company.
The lock that Xerox once had on document reproduction has been jimmied by the tools of digital computing -- printers, faxes and even E-mail.
Mr. Rand's former colleagues at Xerox are pretty sure he can pull it off.
Carnival is expected to announce the sweetened offer as early as Thursday, these people said.
Esther Lee, longtime New York agency executive, is joining Coca-Cola Co in new post of chief creative officer for North America (S)
Comcast and Cox did better, contracting for service until Feb. 28, to ease customers' transitions.
At the same time EMC was issuing its warning, Motorola was telling analysts in a conference call that it would lose even more money in the second quarter than the $206 million operating loss it reported Tuesday night for the first three months of the year.
And the Web company also came away with a 50 percent stake in the Health Channel, a cable television property that News Corporation owned.
Hollywood Hardball; Microsoft Finds It's Tough to Sell a Video Game as a Film
And competitors of Monsanto have seen an opportunity to push their own products as alternatives to Monsanto's.
''Individuals 50 plus are very home-oriented,'' said John Costello, Home Depot's executive vice president for merchandising.
Neither company would say how much Overture is paying Yahoo, but analysts think that it will be more than $50 million a year.
READY ACCESS MEMORY: www.raminc  .com/  A specialist in Apple II and Macintosh hardware and accessories.
While several of the state officials said in interviews that they would rather act in conjunction with the United States Justice Department, which has been pressing its own antitrust suit against Microsoft, they are prepared to proceed without the Justice Department.
Target stores is rolling out David Kirk's Sunny Patch line of children's gardening implements, home furnishings including stepstools and hampers, and apparel; photos (S)
Rick Sherlund, the analyst at the Goldman Sachs Group who follows Microsoft, warned,  too, that the company's viability depends in part on how well it delivers on the next generation of Windows products.
McDonald's Commands a Real Estate Empire in Russia
In the fall of 1994, William H. Gates, the chairman of the Microsoft Corporation, was upset about the Compaq Computer Corporation's software plans.
''That's 4,096 possible mutant versions of Microsoft operating system products,'' said Mr. Webb, Microsoft's lawyer.
Those deals have challenged I.B.M.
It's not that they have abandoned consumers -- indeed, all three still offer back-to-school sales, and both Staples and Office Depot are opening stores within supermarkets.
Coca-Cola Company executives have summoned Wall Street analysts for a hastily scheduled meeting tomorrow morning in New York, suggesting that the leading soft-drink company is about to deliver ominous news about earnings.
Some earlier BlackBerry models used Intel processors, but they were modified versions of obsolete personal computer chips.
Every October, some 50 former Home Depot managers, calling themselves the Former Orange-Blooded Executives, after the home-improvement chain's trademark bright orange color, gather in Atlanta to reminisce, chat about new jobs and pass around pictures of their children.
''People want to work at Wal-Mart because we offer competitive wages, affordable health benefits and real career opportunities,'' Mr. Tovar said.
Loudcloud Inc is expected to offer shares to public in what seems like throwback to dot-com glory days; chairman, Marc Andreessen, who co-founded Netscape Communications, aims to build and automate corporate Internet systems, posing threat to consultants who maintain these systems, like IBM and Electronic Data Systems, as well as hosting companies, like Exodus Communications; has attracted a few big names like Ford Motor and Nike Inc, but its technology is still in gestational phase; company has signed contracts for $120 million over next two years; graphs (Market Place column) (M)
Boeing, McDonnell Douglas and Airbus Industrie use similar participation agreements in building commercial airliners, but this is the first time the approach has been adopted to this extent in business aviation.
Apple Says Shortage of Chips Will Weaken Results for Quarter
For each, it seems, the other passes what Andrew S. Grove, a founder and former chairman of Intel, calls the ''silver bullet test'' of strategic competition.
Some analysts comment on some public companies that may succumb to offers from buyout firms; focuses on Home Depot, Barnes & Noble, Motorola and Kimberly-Clark (special section, DealBook) (M)
Some Asda campaigns might seem shocking to Wal-Mart shoppers in the United States.
Now the smaller bottle -- with the word ''Coca-Cola'' embossed in glass again -- will play an even more prominent role to help prod sales.
Venezuela's consumer protection agency asks nation's prosecutor to bring criminal charges against Ford Motor Co and Bridgestone/Firestone, accusing both companies of conspiring to hide tire defects that caused dozens of deaths; tires involved in Venezuela are similar to those being recalled in US in that they are suspected of tearing apart at highway speeds and causing Ford Explorers to roll over; Ford's president, Jacques A Nasser, defends company's actions in Venezuela and denies any attempt to mislead authorities; US National Highway Traffic Safety Administration increases by 26 the number of deaths in US that have been linked to recalled Firestone tires; that brings to 88 the number of deaths being investigated by agency, along with 250 injuries in 1,400 complaints it has received concerning tire separations on popular Ford sport utility vehicles; photo (M)
A mostly dispassionate but occasionally testy William H. Gates faced a sometimes skeptical computer industry audience here today and declared that no magic antitrust line divided the Microsoft Corporation's market-dominating Windows 95 software operating system from competitors' programs.
Speaking to a Defense Department procurement conference in 1999, Mr. Stonecipher said he would never protest if Boeing lost out fairly to a competitor on a military contract.
I.B.M.
But David Stutz, a lead engineer in Microsoft's .Net efforts, said the company was glad to see Mr. de Icaza's project grow as a way to help fill the marketplace with .Net-based programs.
Today, Microsoft executives refused to comment on the new device, the Xbox 2, which is not expected to reach the market until late next year at the earliest.
For example, the News Corporation just announced a $3 billion share repurchase, which is twice as large as its 2001 program, and Viacom's current $8 billion buyback plan dwarfs former programs.
Staff lawyers at Justice Department are recommending that agency seek to block Oracle Corp's $9.4 billion hostile takeover of PeopleSoft Inc on grounds that deal would be anticompetitive (M)
''The big guns behind eBay are trying to weaken the power of a patent and lessen the ability of a patent holder to obtain an injunction.''
Apple shares, which had closed at $53.50, up $4.56 on Nasdaq, dropped as low as $28.25 in after-hours trading.
Yahoo has hired Spencer Stuart, a leading executive recruiting firm, to help find its new chief executive.
Analysts have also focused on the possible role of Nancy Heinen, Apple's former general counsel, in the options grants.
It is unclear whether Blockbuster's growth has been at the expense of Netflix, though a first glimpse into that may be offered next week, when Netflix reports fourth-quarter earnings.
To gain access to computing's most coveted real estate, America Online agreed to make Microsoft's Internet Explorer the main browser for its on-line subscribers, who now number more than 13 million.
Many online travel agencies have refused to let Kayak, Mobissimo and Farechase from Yahoo conduct similar searches.
Such passages seemed clearly intended to warn Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson that splitting up Microsoft would be a dangerous gamble to take with a pillar of the nation's high-technology economy.
The test, to begin between April and June, will involve 1,000 subscribers to Time Warner's Roadrunner cable modem service in San Diego.
But sales problems and hardware changes left Nvidia with piles of unsold and unusable chips, putting it in a position where it could have lost money on the console if it had not submitted the Microsoft contract to arbitration.
Joe Sharkey column on increasing availability of high-speed Internet access on airliners and in hotels; reports on use of laptop aboard British Airways flight, using Connextion by Boeing service; drawing (M)
Citigroup Global Markets.
Priceline.com purchases trademarks and registered domain names of Lowestfare.com, discount online travel seller, and is already marketing its 'name your own price' services on Lowestfare Web site (S)
Mr. Betty said that Earthlink would have a higher gross margin in dollars, after paying Time Warner for the telecommunication services, than it did with its current service.
WebSphere is a layer of software above the operating system, but as a technology platform it competes with Microsoft's Windows and .Net technology.
But according to first-quarter earnings reports, Comcast signed 417,000 subscribers in January through March of this year, only slightly less than SBC and Verizon combined.
Mr. Cobb, whose Web site was introduced last year with fewer than half the 150 brands the site now features, speculated that some brands might have been waiting to see Piperlime in action before committing to the new site -- a notion that Mr. Lenk, of Gap, confirmed.
''The plan is in place, locked and loaded,'' said Jeffrey Simek, a Xerox spokesman.
''With respect to the committee's specific question -- whether mergers and acquisitions in our industry have contributed to higher prices at the pump -- my answer is no,'' Rex W. Tillerson, Exxon Mobil's chairman and chief executive since January, said in response to Senator Specter.
In the California case, Superior Court Judge Stuart R. Pollak said an unspecified number of California consumers could be represented in one trial to determine whether they were forced to pay unreasonably high prices for Microsoft Windows, Word and other products.
For example, the net price after rebates for a Motorola P280 phone in the same T-Mobile plan was different at four online stores.
I.B.M.
Verizon to Extend Fiber Optics To Parts of Six Eastern States
No sooner had investors received word of that deal than General Electric's medical systems' unit said that it would buy Marquette Medical Systems Inc., a maker of heart monitoring machines, for about $808 million in stock.
Under yesterday's deal, Cox and Comcast each won the right to sell their stakes to AT&T for at least $48 a share at any time between January and June 2002.
Increasingly vigorous retail scene on Harlem's main commercial street, 125th Street corridor from Second Avenue to Amsterdam Avenue in northern Manhattan, is likely to gain further headway in next five years as four parcels are set for development into offices and shops geared to residential population that is becoming more prosperous; each of projects includes two or more floors of retailing aimed to attract high-profiles and high-fashion national chains that historically been absent from mix in Harlem; 30,000-square-foot three-story retail complex next to Apollo Theater is being developed by Grid Properties in partnership with Gotham Organization; Wharton Realty is developing 33,000-square-foot parcel on corner of West 125th Street and Lenox Avenue; Vornado Realty Trust will be developing southwest corner of Park Avenue and East 125th Street; proposed development involves three contiguous parcels owned by New York City on East 125th Street between Second and Third Avenues; photos (M)
An article in Business Day yesterday about a settlement of breast implant litigation proposed by Dow Corning referred incorrectly in some copies to a professor at George Mason University School of Law who commented.
''What they were just looking for was a common thread of women being discriminated against at Morgan Stanley,'' Mr. Morelli said.
AT&T Acquisition, Soon to Be Spun Off, Regains NCR Name
There was also a reduction of 2 cents a share in earnings related to new accounting practices for employee stock options; this change will continue to affect Microsoft earnings.
If British Airways takes delivery of all 259 planes, Airbus would be likely to outstrip Boeing as the carrier's leading provider of aircraft.
Asked in an interview, Jeff Bewkes, chairman of Time Warner's Entertainment and Network Groups, called the probability of a buyback high.
Last spring Mr. Rasulo oversaw the opening of the $538 million Walt Disney Studios, the newest addition to the Disneyland resort outside Paris.
Mr. Mehdi said Microsoft was hoping that the new software capabilities would encourage consumers to buy new personal computers that have such added hardware, instead of updating their existing machines.
For Bay Networks, which, like Intel, is based in Santa Clara, Calif., the arrival of Mr. House is well timed.
The Boeing Company, which manufactures the 767, itself advised its customers on Thursday to conduct the inspection; the F.A.A.
Kineret, a drug for rheumatoid arthritis introduced this year, is Amgen's first really new drug, and analysts expect it to have only modest sales.
In April of this year, the Computer History Museum in San Jose, Calif., celebrated the 40th anniversary of the I.B.M.
The runner-up in market share is H&R Block's  personal tax software, Kiplinger's TaxCut.
IBM, Sony and Toshiba are expected to announce four-year agreement to develop materials and manufacturing technology for new generation of semiconductor chips intended to deliver high performanc e with low power consumption; companies will invest estimated $500 million (S)
After spending years trying to fashion its own proprietary information service like America Online, Compuserve and Prodigy, AT&T made an about-face in the last six months, embracing the "open" Internet approach.
This one will be taxable, meaning that AT&T will get a $3.43 billion income tax deduction, saving $1.2 billion in taxes at current tax rates.
But Comcast's initial bid may not be enough to draw Disney to the bargaining table, investors and analysts said.
An Amazon spokesman said that the company was considering using blank boxes when it shipped products purchased on other sites.
The agreement, the first of its kind between Oracle and Microsoft, could lead to further cooperation, executives at both companies said yesterday.
Merrill Lynch, American Express and Lehman Brothers could not recreate the campus-like arrangements they had in the World Financial Center, across the street from the twin towers, any time soon -- even if they wanted to.
''This represents a big paradigm shift for microscopy,'' said Dr. Philip Batson, the lead scientist working on the project at I.B.M.
In the early 1990's, Mr. Noorda joined the Justice Department's battle against Microsoft, a fight that would become a personal crusade, but that proved a fruitless and costly distraction for Novell as the case stretched on for years.
That is a good thing for them, since the long-term outlook for Amazon remains dubious.
Amazon executives said the company had started a major initiative to make sure its fulfillment and inventory costs fall as a percentage of sales.
Chief of Mattel Steps Down After Reporting Loss in 1999
"People said A.T.& T. is so smart and so loved and so big," he recalled in an interview with Fortune magazine.
Amazon To Curtail Its Spending
IBM, trying to capitalize on latest technical trends in telecommunications industry, plans to announce alliance intended to help communications carriers expand and revamp their networks; intends to announce that Alcatel of France, Lucent Technologies, Nortel Networks of Canada, Telcordia Technologies and Ulticom Inc have joined new initiative (M)
Last August, Amazon reduced the minimum for free shipping in the United States to $25 from $49, a move that continues to have a direct cost.
WILL consumers be as ardent about the first coordinated worldwide campaign for McDonald's as the company, struggling to turn around its lagging sales and reputation, demonstrated itself to be yesterday?
STAPLES AND OFFICE DEPOT CLOSER TO MERGER
Apple Finds a Route For Online Music Sales
Amazon, he added, does ''disproportionately well'' with obscure titles.
Rupert Murdoch's announcement that his News Corp will take full control of Fox Entertainment Group sends signal that he does not feel pressured to resolve his dispute with John C Malone's Liberty Media Corp before pushing ahead with other deals; many analysts and investors had expected that Murdoch would settle conflict over Liberty's voting interest in News Corp before buying out Fox; Murdoch will buy 18 percent of Fox that his company does not own, in deal worth about $6 billion (M)
''They are also telling us, the associates, that our schedules will be drastically changed,'' the employees, known as associates at Wal-Mart, wrote.
Intel Corp plans to start shipping new computer chip called Manitoba for use in cellular phones, move company hopes will provide strong presence in growing wireless communications industry (M)
Senator Slade Gorton, a Washington Republican and a staunch defender of Microsoft, stepped into the debate.
Oracle defies wisdom by using itself to pitch its software products.
Lockheed Martin announced on Monday that the Government ''fundamentally opposed'' its $9 billion purchase of Northrop.
MORE than a decade ago, Wal-Mart set its sights on conquering the globe with a mix of cheaply produced goods, discount prices and aggressive store growth.
Boeing already works with two foreign companies -- Mitsubishi Heavy Industries in Japan and Israel Aircraft Industries -- on military research and missile development, but those partnerships are small compared with the potential size of the new European alliances.
*At the high end of the computer industry, the Windows 2000 server edition, introduced during the summer, for the first time gave Microsoft an entry into the big-systems software market dominated by I.B.M., Sun Microsystems, Hewlett-Packard and Compaq.
''There's a question, and a very valid question, that investors are asking about whether our investments will pay off,'' said Sallie L. Krawcheck, Citigroup's chief financial officer.
The change came as Microsoft, which is already fighting a federal court ruling that it violated antitrust law, confirmed that the Justice Department had opened a new inquiry into the company's investments.
On Dec. 23, Judge J. Frederick Motz of Federal District Court in Baltimore issued the ''must carry'' order, ruling that Microsoft had to include the Java programming language and related technology for its anticompetitive behavior.
IBM will stop selling its personal computers in retail outlets in North America and sell them only on Internet after Christmas; Thinkpad laptops will still be available in stores, and corporate computers will be sold through dealers, as well as directly from company; IBM is abandoning retail stores because it has been losing ground to companies that sell directly to customers, like Dell Computer Corp and Gateway Inc; IBM's personal computer division lost $1 billion last year and $240 million in first half of this year (M)
One spokesman from Pfizer said yesterday that the two companies' Lipitor agreement had been so successful there was no reason for Warner-Lambert to end it out of spite.
In the quarter that ended Aug. 31, Morgan Stanley said, it earned $611 million, or 55 cents a share, down from $705 million, or 62 cents a share, in the period a year ago.
But he said Aetna lagged in promptly getting information to corporate headquarters so changes could be made to adjust as costs rose.
''Our founding team was very young and very enamored with all the attention they were getting from the likes of Cisco,'' he said.
''Yahoo may now have no more employees who ever uttered the phrase 'you just don't get it,' '' said Lanny Baker, an analyst with Salomon Smith Barney referring to the rallying cry of Internet revolutionaries.
In this case, jurors can award punitive damages only if they find that Merck withheld information from the Food and Drug Administration about Vioxx's heart risks.
Mr. Steinberg is an intellectual-property expert who wrote the patent for data-compression technology that became the center of a legal dispute between Microsoft and Stac Electronics Inc., which Mr. Steinberg represented.
And, in the United States, Canon, Ricoh and others are still chipping away at Xerox's most lucrative product line: very fast black-and-white copiers.
While the earlier site mainly focused on links to programming on BET's Black Entertainment Television network, the new site will have a broader range of offerings including news, E-mail, shopping and -- most important -- chat rooms and other features to help build a community within the World Wide Web site.
And as Wal-Mart finds itself off to a disappointing start of the holiday sales season, it is still not clear whether $4 drugs are indeed disrupting drug retailing and helping generate significant new consumer traffic -- or instead mainly giving a break to people who are already Wal-Mart customers and can spend their pharmacy savings in the stores' many other aisles.
The proposal, however, was dependent on an agreement with regulators that would permit General Electric to sell less of Honeywell's avionics business than it had offered earlier, executives close to the talks between the company and the commission said.
They think Comcast was disciplined to pull out, noted Matthew Harrigan, a cable analyst at Janco Partners.
New York State Attorney General Eliot Spitzer raises unprecedented $19 million in campaign funds despite high-profile investigations into dealings at New York Stock Exchange and investment banks; Kenneth G Langone, former New York Stock Exchange director and co-founder of Home Depot, criticizes Spitzer's motives as political and discusses his support of Democrat Thomas R Suozzi in Democratic gubernatorial primary (M)
Microsoft was hoping to make a bigger splash this time, not just because of the market's size here but also because of Japan's importance as a proving ground for new products.
Starting tomorrow, users will be able to upload photos and videos to a section of Yahoo called You Witness News (news.yahoo.com/page/youwitnessnews).
Mr. Murdoch's notoriety as the force behind the politically barbed Fox News Channel, the racy Sun in London and the populist Post precedes him and is part of the reason for the opposition against him among the Bancroft family and some Journal employees.
And big corporate customers -- burdened with debt, weak share prices and slow revenue growth -- are in no position to transact the kind of deals that fueled the bull market and kept the cash rolling in for Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs.
I.B.M.
Boeing Co says it will stop producing MD-11 wide-body jet late next year and lay off some workers because of slumping demand for aircraft (M)
''We are fully committed to this project,'' said Todd Martin, a spokesman for I.B.M., which has reduced its work force here to 1,700 from a peak of 12,000 in the mid-1970's through the 80's.
Shares of AT&T Corp plunge 19.1 percent after company says it does not expect dismal telecommunications market to improve significantly in 2003; reports revenue in its consumer unit fell to $2.7 billion in fourth quarter, down 20 percent from year ago; consumer revenue fell by 22.3 percent, to $11.5 billion, for all of 2002; reports loss from continuing operations of $611 million compared with loss of $216 million year ago; overall revenue dropped to $9.3 billion, down 8.6 percent from about $10.2 billion in comparable quarter last year; David W Dorman makes his first financial report as chairman-chief executive; photo (M)
Aetna Says First-Quarter Profit Will Fall Far Short of Expectations
Just last week, Ford Motor announced that 30,000 workers had opted for deals worth up to $140,00 to leave.
and Xerox salespeople will visit large accounts together, but customers must pay separately for the copiers and the software.
Recapturing the contract that it lost 10 years ago, the Coca-Cola Company is expected to announce today that it has reached an agreement to become the exclusive soft drink of the nation's largest airports.
With aggressive promotion of a new service called Total Access, which costs the same as Netflix's service for three movies, and allows subscribers to exchange movies in stores, Blockbuster has added a staggering 700,000 subscribers since Nov. 1.
''I find it is not really a Home Depot,'' said Winston Thornhill, a contractor renovating a house in the Bedford-Stuyvesant section of Brooklyn, who was eyeing a display of plumbing fixtures in the new store.
In its motion to the Luxembourg court, Microsoft argued that to impose the commission's sanctions against the company before its lengthy legal appeal had concluded was unfair and would inflict ''irreparable damage'' on Microsoft.
While that would still be $3 a share below Boston Scientific's bid, Johnson & Johnson's proposal has already undergone regulatory review and such a deal could be closed more quickly.
But several industry executives said they viewed Mr. Jobs's comments as an effort to deflect blame from Apple and onto the record companies for the incompatibility of various digital music devices and services.
Besides, Mr. Litan says he hassaid he had doubts about how well the private litigants will do against Microsoft.
Regardless, Boeing has to do something to spruce up its model range.
Also, Mr. Semel said Yahoo would incorporate Overture's paid-search method in its various channels, thereby giving small and midsize advertisers -- Overture's chief clients -- the chance to compete against national advertisers.
By using its market power to prod computer makers and Internet access suppliers into exclusionary deals, the Government asserts, Microsoft succeeded in sufficiently limiting Netscape's distribution and blunting its challenge to Windows.
Saying that its 200 inspectors made 12,000 monitoring visits last year, Wal-Mart said: ''If a violation is observed, Wal-Mart works constructively with suppliers so their factories correct the problems.
Under the agreement, Amazon is making a $35 million investment in the Manhattan auction house.
Work stations and servers based on 64-bit processors represent only a fraction of systems in use in corporations today, and those run either Linux, Unix or a version of Windows that Microsoft released last year for Intel's Itanium chip.
That is crucial to I.B.M.
A.T.& T.'s contract expired May 30, but the unions agreed to continue to work under the terms of the contract.
Verizon could feel compelled to raise its bid by Friday.
''Pretexting is a valuable investigative tool in its natural form,'' said Charles Mittelstadt, a security consultant in Atlanta who has worked with H.P., I.B.M.
The trouble is, AT&T says that once it pays marketing costs, it cannot match or beat Frontier's retail rates -- and still make a profit.
Bank of America also gained market share in the corporate bond market.
An e-mail message circulating on the Internet last week gave recipients a jolt when they clicked on the Web link in the text of the message, which took them to a book for sale on Amazon.com's British site.
AT&T executives acknowledged that they were aware of Bell Atlantic's complaints but said that they were were optimistic that the difficulties could be worked out.
That adds up to about 188 million shoppers in the United States browsing the aisles of discount chains like Wal-Mart.
Playboy's Web site, Playboy.com, is inviting women who work for Wal-Mart to pose nude for a feature called ''Women of Wal-Mart.''
Apple Computer moves to turn back Microsoft and other rivals on horizon to its iTunes music service; is focusing on making srevice as much an experience as a store and enhancing features to turn casual browers into repeat customers; perhaps most significant feature is iMix, which lets iTunes users post their favorite play lists for others to see and copy; iTunes Original allows users to download tracks that artist records specifically for Apple; Apple also assembles collection of artist's singles into four- or five-track minialbums; Apple's rivals see iTunes mostly as service created to sell iPods; Apple now enjoys 70 percent of market for legal music downloads and 45 percent of market for portable music players; photo (M)
The European Commission is also investigating allegations of Intel misconduct there, and in July European regulators raided the offices of Intel and some of its customers in four countries, seeking evidence of illegal activity.
CVS raises its offer for Caremark Rx to $26 billion, less than one day after rival suitor Express Scripts sweetened its proposal; Caremark values cash part of CVS's new offer at $3.2 billion (M)
Johnson & Johnson's stock has fallen 4.4 percent since Boston Scientific first entered the bidding war, including a decline yesterday of 86 cents, to $58.50.
As Google kept inventing computer algorithms that allowed it to earn more money from each search, Yahoo kept Overture's aging system in place.
Whatever the case, several doctors said in recent interviews that they were pleased with how Medtronic handled the issue.
''We hope they will see this as a real buying opportunity,'' he said of shareholders in an interview, adding that ''the fundamentals of the Coca-Cola business will always be the same.''
The filmmakers acknowledge that the company is a virtual stand-in for Halliburton, the multinational formerly run by Vice President Dick Cheney, though the script was written before Halliburton became a focus of criticism.
Much of the drop was attributed to a one-time charge related to Boeing satellite and rocket businesses.
games on a hand-held pager that Motorola sells.
For Yahoo, an acquisition of Facebook would solve many problems.
and the Walt Disney Company as well as to private equity firms, these people said.
Or the wardrobes of Citigroup executives, which are heavy on umbrella-embroidered gear?
The 5,000 I.B.M.
A fourth executive mentioned in the complaint, Richard DeMartini, who oversees asset-management, is still at the bank, a Bank of America spokesman confirmed yesterday.
Cable companies like Comcast and Cox have been in a battle with phone companies for high-speed Internet customers because people who subscribe to one service are more likely to buy other services as well.
''My reading is that as long as the design allows users to delete a feature that Microsoft has integrated in Windows, it's all right,'' said George L. Priest, a professor at Yale Law School.
Then, as today, users browse the Netflix site and select DVD's they want to view.
''Novartis had the best financial offer and overall contract terms for our shareholders and our employees,'' a spokesman for Merck, John Doorley, said.
For instance, Citigroup sold its Travelers Life & Annuity group to MetLife this year for $11.8 billion.
In a suit filed Tuesday in Federal District Court in Trenton, N.J., Johnson & Johnson said Amgen was bundling sales of its drugs in a way that forces cancer clinics to buy Amgen's Aranesp at the expense of Procrit.
Microsoft's last-minute gesture toward Justice Department speaks volumes about the company; Microsoft may have take-no-prisoners corporate culture and antagonism toward Washington, but company is ultimately guided by pure logic of business; Microsoft's strategy of fiercely resisting accommodation with Government and then finally coming to negotiating table is precisely approach it took when it reached earlier settlement with Justice Dept, in 1994; Microsoft is apparently willing to agree to some restrictions if that will persuade Government not to intervene further; fact that both sides are now seeking to reach settlement without going to court does not mean accord will in fact be reached (M)
Remicade is sold by Centocor, a unit of Johnson & Johnson, and Rituxan by Idec Pharmaceuticals and Genentech.
Standard & Poor's downgrades debt of Omnicom Group by one level in ratings, but removes it from Credit Watch (S)
British Airways, in a blow to the Boeing Company, is expected to announce its first purchase from the rival Airbus Industrie, awarding a contract this week for as many as 259 medium-range, single-aisle planes worth $11 billion, managers at one of the companies said.
Shares of Bank of America fell 23 cents, to $43.96.
Mr. Matthews and Microsoft received patent 5,600,368.
The annual Airbus 20-year Global Market Forecast was far more enthusiastic about the future of huge aircraft -- planes with 450 or more seats -- than Boeing's forecasts.
Based on 200 deaths, Aon said it expected to pay $55 million in claims.
On April 5, I.B.M.
Years After Being Bought by I.B.M., Lotus Links Its Products
In fact, Mr. Koppel wrote that he understood the motivation behind Walt Disney's  pursuit of Mr. Letterman.
Echoing other industry watchers, Mr. Hill said that General Motors was ''the likely initial target.''
Under cross-examination, Mr. Eubanks said that he agreed to testify on Microsoft's behalf after he was asked to by William H. Gates, the Microsoft chairman.
Antitrust experts say that the government accusation that is most vulnerable is the contention that Microsoft illegally tied its Internet browser to a separate product, its industry-standard Windows operating system.
Cisco executives said large corporate networks, its traditional market, now accounted for slightly less than half of revenue.
But unlike General Dynamics, Northrop is unwilling to pay all cash.
''Although it initially appeared that Halliburton was gouging only American taxpayers,'' the lawmakers said in the letter to Lt. Gen. Robert B.
Audience for online news continues to grow as readers, particularly younger ones, increasingly look to Internet for quick dose of news; beneficiaries of growth continue to be largest and best-known national news organizations, especially those with focus on national and international events; largest news audience on Web still gravitates to Yahoo, which is portal to material from other news organizations; graph of top five news sites (M)
''I am absolutely keeping my day job,'' Mr. Deutsch said of his posts at Deutsch, part of the Partnership division of the Interpublic Group of Companies.
But he said he was pleased Apple was able to achieve a strong quarter despite the problem.
Prince, who took the helm in 2003, went on a campaign last year to improve Citigroup's financial controls and its reputation.
''In the San Francisco Bay area, where we've had overnight delivery for the past two years, 3 percent of all households subscribe to Netflix,'' Reed Hastings, the chief executive, said.
Neither company disclosed the terms of the agreement, but media experts said a 65-35 split in Viacom's favor would be reasonable.
Just how much Oracle will have to spend, Mr. Broder said, ''will depend on how hard they want to play.''
GE Capital, which consists of 29 businesses ranging from credit cards to truck leasing, provided about 40 percent of General Electric's profits last year.
The year that Mr. Lewis took over, Bank of America was losing customers, with a 163,000 decline in new savings accounts.
Whatever happens next, there is a good chance that Microsoft may end up with a bigger stake in AT&T's cable business.
Amazon's stock, which had fallen from a high of $113 a share in late 1999 to a low of $8.10 last week, rallied to close at $11.18, up $2.81, or 34 percent.
The stock tumbled $19.625, or 36.6 percent, to $33.9375, its lowest price since the company was formed last July when USA Waste Services acquired Waste Management Inc.
The two companies agreed to work on antipiracy technology for delivering Disney movies and television programming on all kinds of digital devices, including a hand-held device Microsoft plans to introduce this year.
''We feel better about exiting the quarter than we did coming in,'' Bob Swan, eBay's chief financial officer, said in an interview.
The Boeing Company emerged today as the likely winner of a fiercely contested $4 billion contract to supply the South Korean military with 40 new fighter jets.
Wal-Mart has said that its own analysis has found that just 0.04 percent of customers have stopped shopping at Wal-Mart because of its reputation.
''The appeal of McDonald's and the appeal of DreamWorks is very broad,'' said Walt Riker, a spokesman for McDonald's.
Software for that system is being developed by General Magic, a company in Mountain View, Calif., that is financed by AT&T, Apple, Motorola, Sony and other companies.
IT WAS last December, and Robert A. Wyatt, a managing partner in the creative department of the New York office of Young & Rubicam Advertising was walking through Grand Central Terminal obsessing -- as he had for months -- on his latest project: how to persuade the world that Xerox, a name synonymous with pricey corporate copiers, also stood for low-priced home printers.
But under the agreement, A.T.& T. will supply 13 large electronic switches that it said were worth "in the tens of millions of dollars."
Mr. Negroponte also accused Intel of marketing its strategy to the developing world.
Now, a handful of giant media companies, like NBC Universal, the News Corporation, Viacom and possibly CBS, are close to announcing a new Web site that will feature some of their best-known television programming and other clips in an attempt to build a business for distributing video on the Internet to rival YouTube.
Q. I have both Microsoft Word and Adobe Acrobat.
Verizon Wireless and YouTube said the service would be available early next month.
American Express Co reteams Superman with Jerry Seinfeld for Web-only ads; agency is Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide; movie-director Barry Levison makes his advertising debut directing two Superman-Seinfeld shorts; photo (M)
Managers, employees and directors of Molson will be permitted to use their stock options to vote on the company's proposed merger with the Adolph Coors Company, according to a proxy statement filed late last week.
Intel also said its lower-heat, lower-energy 0.13 micron chip would be available then.
That said, Mr. Reed leaves Citigroup after a 35-year career in which he wore and bore the mantle of a wunderkind after becoming Citicorp's chief executive in 1984 when he was just 45.
Mr. Burgum, who runs the Microsoft Business Solutions division, said Microsoft determined it would take ''years and years and years'' for the company to create products and train a sales force focused on the enterprise market.
In the fourth quarter, I.B.M.
One was that Johnson & Johnson stopped using human serum albumin, a blood protein, as a stabilizer in vials of the drug because European regulators were concerned about the risk of mad cow disease.
The Interpublic interactive alliances are in addition to Internet operations at the worldwide agencies owned by Interpublic, including Ammirati Puris Lintas and McCann-Erickson World Group.
Officials of Verizon Wireless, the nation's biggest wireless company, said there were still many details to be clarified about the status of the NextWave licenses by the F.C.C.
I.B.M.
Mr. Nielsen of Microsoft said there were no current plans for cloning Java, and he described that option as a ''long-term technical issue.''
Chambers said that Cisco's investment in advanced technology areas like Internet telephony and home networking was finally paying off.
As a global services manager for Wal-Mart, Mr. Lynn was based in Costa Rica and responsible for easing shipments and inspecting factories for workplace violations and product quality.
''There are ways to make it more difficult for Microsoft to leverage its Windows monopoly without crippling Microsoft,'' said Michael A. Cusumano, a professor at the Sloan School of Management of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Defense Department, arguing that increasingly popular form of wireless Internet access could interfere with military radar, is seeking new limits on technology, which is seen as rare bright spot for communications industry; industry executives, including representatives from Microsoft Corp and Intel Corp, meet with Defense Department officials to try to stave off that effort, which includes government proposal before global overseer of radio frequencies; military officials say technical restrictions they are seeking are necessary for national security; industry executives say they would threaten expansion of technology like so-called WiFi systems being used for wireless Internet in American airports, coffee shops, homes and offices; WiFi use is increasingly heavy in major American metropolitan areas, and similar systems are becoming popular in Europe and Asia; industry executives say new types of frequency spectrum sharing techniques could keep civilian users from interfering with radar systems; debate, which involves low-power radio emissions that Defense Department says may jam as many as 10 types of radar systems in use by US military forces, presents thorny policy problem for Bush administration (M)
Unlike the Google service, Yahoo's offering will let users watch 60-second video clips.
Microsoft acknowledged last month that a vulnerability in Windows XP could allow hackers to tamper with or destroy users' data files via the Internet, implant rogue software on PC's and even seize control of a user's operating system.
The article also misstated the frequency of B. Smith Style, a competiting magazine published by American Express Publishing.
Unocal's board voted to accept Chevron's increased offer worth $17 billion, or $63 a share in cash and stock, and rejected a still higher all-cash offer from Cnooc worth $67 a share as too politically risky, the executives said.
Pfizer Continues to Be Hit With String of Bad News
In its filing, Visto contends that Microsoft's software violates three patents that deal more with synchronizing data and security than directly with wireless e-mail, the crucial element of NTP's patents.
It affirmed a decision last fall that a 1965 Canada-United States auto pact violated free trade rules by giving subsidies to American manufacturers, including Ford and General Motors.
In a situation that has become more common recently on Wall Street, Citigroup served as both the sole financial adviser to the whiskey company, Whyte & Mackay, and a major lender to its buyer, United Spirits.
When Mr. Weill does step down, the chairman title is expected to be given to Citigroup's chief executive, Charles O.
In a joint statement today, AOL and Time Warner insisted that they remained confident about winning approval for their deal.
Only a handful of cases have appeared in patients using other brands of the drug, including Procrit, Johnson & Johnson's name for the EPO drug it sells in the United States.
Microsoft has a head start.
The commission ruling resulted in a fine of 497 million euros against Microsoft and an order to change the way it sells software in Europe.
Because Microsoft's operating system was the least expensive option, it became a standard, attracting the widest selection of software applications.
As part of the agreements, Electronic Arts is renewing its licenses to publish N.B.A.
The chief executive and chairman of the Marsh & McLennan Companies, the world's biggest broker of insurance, resigned yesterday, less than two weeks after his company was accused of cheating customers.
Pfizer sought ideas from ''several'' roster agencies, including Cline Davis, she said, declining to be more specific.
This is a necessary precursor if AOL Time Warner is to make a firm bid for AT&T's cable operation, the nation's biggest, with about 14.4 million subscribers.
The departure of Mr. Jordan, president of eBay's PayPal unit, is the latest in a string of departures among high-level executives.
For example, in an effort to revive CBSNews.com, it is introducing a Web log to provide commentary on CBS newscasts.
It was a coup for Wal-Mart: hiring away a top marketing executive whose envelope-pushing advertising campaigns -- like a lingerie-filled mock football game -- generated big business and big buzz.
Microsoft's chief executive, Steven A. Ballmer, flew to Portugal yesterday to announce that his company had found a customer for its interactive television service.
said it had won commitments from United Healthcare and ITT Hartford to employ many of the 3,500 people who will lose their jobs at Prudential, The Associated Press reported.
Production techniques will be refined there, then applied at I.B.M.
Justice Department and Securities and Exchange Commission are investigating Merck & Co in connection with Vioxx, painkiller that was withdrawn from market in late September because it increased risk of heart attacks in long-term users; Justice Department issues subpoena requesting information related to company's research, marketing and selling activities with respect to Vioxx; SEC has begun informal inquiry (M)
Moreover, Yahoo is trying to distinguish its search results by including information from its array of other services, many of them not offered by Google.
Many Wal-Mart customers do not have bank accounts, and Ms. Thompson said a Wal-Mart bank would be committed to aiding what she called the ''unbanked'' in America.
Intel, which fell to a 52-week low of $24.50 on Tuesday, closed yesterday at $28.69, while Dell Computer rose to $26.25 from $24.44 on Tuesday.
AT&T's magnetic tape is made of barium ferrite particles, similar to those found in ordinary household magnets.
Federal Communications Commission blocks merger of satellite television broadcasters EchoStar Communications and DirecTV unit of General Motors' Hughes Electronics, first time in 36 years that agency has challenged large corporate deal for being anticompetitive and against public interest; companies' executives say they remain committed to deal and will soon propose substantial revisions to satisfy regulators; Rupert Murdoch's News Corp, which lost to EchoStar last year in bidding war for Hughes Electronics and DirecTV, is expected to make another bid for DirecTV if EchoStar deal eventually collapses; photo (M)
Icahn Sells Entire General Motors Stake a Month After Purchase
Home Depot to Buy Distributor of Construction Products
For instance, the News Corporation also owns both the Fox television network and the popular MySpace social networking Web site.
''If the commission's remedy allows Microsoft to sell the two versions of Windows at the same price, then that's a problem,'' said Thomas Vinje, a competition lawyer in Brussels with the law firm of Clifford Chance, who represents one of Microsoft's strongest adversaries on both sides of the Atlantic, the Computer and Communications Industry Association.
ConAgra Foods chief executive Gary M Rodkin introduces new variations of some old products Wall Street analysts; products include Healthy Choice panini sandwich, Healthy Choice dinners that do not get mushy when microwaved because sauce is cooked in separate container, Orville Redenbacher popcorn that is low in sodium but retains salty taste and Chef Boyardee microwave-ready macaroni and cheese that does not require addition of water or cheese powder; photos (M)
Oracle Parries Criticism on Database Contracts
Organized by advocates of Linux, a free operating system, the first March on Microsoft focused on a clause in the Windows license included with the software that comes installed on personal computers.
Frontier, the nation's fifth-largest long distance telephone company, said it would invest $500 million in the project.
When the suit was filed by the Justice Department and state attorneys general in May 1998, it spoke of Microsoft's tactics against Netscape as part of a ''pattern of practices.''
The Goldman Sachs proposal would increase the size of 55 Water Street to 3.18 million square feet from 2.91 million square feet.
The Justice Department accused Microsoft yesterday of ''disobedience'' and of ''jerry-rigging its own products'' in response to a Federal judge's order to allow the makers of personal computers to license Microsoft's Windows operating system without being forced to also load its Internet browsing software.
Microsoft's MSN Network teams up with singing group 'N Sync on elaborate marketing campaign aimed at younger consumers (S)
While the appeals court found little merit in Microsoft's arguments for bundling its browser with Windows, the court did not say that the company was prohibited from adding new features to its operating system.
More than 16,000 engineers and technical workers at the Boeing Company went on strike yesterday after contract negotiations broke down over wages and health care coverage.
In the most recent incident, Citigroup executives say the box containing the tapes was handed over to U.P.S., along with other items for shipping, on May 2, under ''special security procedures'' that the bank required of the courier.
NEWS CORPORATION TO TAKE CHARGE RELATED TO GEMSTAR
Ed Kilroy, I.B.M.
Mr. Miller holds a conference call every Monday with some of the other attorneys general or their assistants to discuss developments in the Microsoft case.
In a nationwide telephone survey two weeks ago, 60 percent of the people who use a computer at work or at home said that they had a favorable opinion of Microsoft.
Many of the new rising stars inside Citigroup who now make up Mr.
Boeing and Airbus now employ hundreds of Indians in challenging tasks like writing software for next-generation cockpits and building systems to prevent airborne collisions.
panel, said he began talks with Pfizer last summer to coordinate the trial, which will involve study sites around the world.
Micron Electronics, promoting its 'New Rules, New Tools' campaign with sponsorship of Micron Bowl in Miami, collegiate football championship game, is trying to persuade officials to replace coin toss with game of paper, scissors, stone; drawing (S)
In a one-hour test flight today, a mostly empty Boeing 747-400 took off from Dulles International Airport and made a 300-mile loop around Virginia, as technicians in the main cabin read computer displays that measured the air in the tank.
Shares of Gap rose 3.8 percent, or 46 cents yesterday, to $12.45.
''Microsoft has made something like 31 technology investments, almost all in the U.S. Now it's the time for Europe.''
According to Thomson Financial, six of the nine analysts following Kodak rate it a sell.
But it has made scant progress in loosening Microsoft's grip on the market for PC operating systems, where Microsoft enjoys a monopoly.
Mr. Maritz's comment on Tuesday, Mr. Nielsen said, was intended as one of a number of ''hypothetical options'' available to Microsoft in the aftermath of the judge's ruling.
With sales shrinking slightly in Japan last year, Toyota plans a 60 percent increase next year in sales in China, a large market for General Motors.
Coalition of leading health insurers, including Oxford Health Plans, Cigna HealthCare, Aetna/US Healthcare and Prudential HealthCare, decided in recent weeks to pay for experimental treatments for cancer, but only for policyholders who participate in clinical trials sanctioned by Federal health agencies; until now, virtually all insurance companies routinely refused to pay for care of patients in clinical research; they argued that experimental drugs and procedures were not covered by their policies because they had not been deemed effective; insurance industry has begun to signal willingness to finance medical research, change that would have seemed improbable just few years ago; new programs are limited in scope, restricted to single state or adopted on test basis; most prominent effort is expected to be announced by New Jersey Gov Christine Todd Whitman; insurers, members of New Jersey Association of Health Plans, include most health insurance companies in state, paying or administering benefits for 60 percent of New Jersey residents, or 4.8 million people (M)
In a bid to stem what it called "a rapidly growing criminal enterprise" and make money as well, A.T.& T. said it would introduce a service for corporate customers called Net Protect this summer.
''What Microsoft did today was certainly not overwhelming,'' said Richard Blumenthal, the attorney general for Connecticut, one of the states that sued the company.
The work on Viagra for the United States will be led by McCann HumanCare, a recently formed health care marketing division of McCann, part of the McCann Worldgroup of the Interpublic Group of Companies.
''My plan was to come in here and get trained and then use my on-the-job training skills and get a job because I would have had like three and a half years' experience to go out somewhere like I.B.M.
The Intel advance involves a type of chip, known as flash memory, that already has broad applications in the computer and consumer electronics markets.
The thought of attempting a link with Sidekick or some other non-Microsoft contact-management software was truly odious.
With such a large class, any settlement by Wal-Mart could ultimately cost the company billions of dollars, even if individual awards are small, analysts and industry experts said.
Like Mr. Beller, of Crazy Politico, Mr. Pickrell had criticized the Maryland legislature over its health care law before Wal-Mart contacted him.
The Labor Department opened its investigation in response to an article in The New York Times about the complaints of a group of several hundred former Halliburton employees who contended that Halliburton had wrongly deprived them of part of their pensions.
In a conference call with industry analysts, Yahoo officials today expressed acute awareness of investors' concern over the slide of advertising by dot-coms.
Microsoft sees a pattern in Mr. Robertson's past, regarding him as a serial opportunist who is trying to exploit the intellectual property rights of others once again.
The Intel Corporation is expected to announce today that it has begun selling a computer chip designed to pick up long-range high-speed wireless Internet signals.
Indeed, investors are confronting the reality that Amazon's expansion might not be all they had hoped for.
Cisco Systems selects New York and San Francisco offices of DarkGrey, technology unit of Grey Global Group, to handle its advertising account, with spending estimated at $50 million to $60 million; account was handled by Hill, Holliday, Connors, Cosmopulos (S)
Coca-Cola Enterprises has acquired dozens of smaller bottlers in the last few years, and now Pepsi is seeking to match the Coke system.
J. Patrick Kelly, a vice president of Pfizer, said the existing card ''has not had a material impact'' on the company's earnings.
Theater chains like Loews Entertainment, Showcase Cinemas and the Madstone group and some individually owned theaters have begun holding weekly showings for parents and babies, usually 2 and younger.
Dr. Sidney Wolfe, the director of health research for the consumer advocacy group Public Citizen, said Merck needed to provide much more information about the results of the trial.
Hasbro reported yesterday that it lost $25 million in its most recent quarter as it struggled to manage the decline in popularity of the Pokémon trading card without a hot toy to replace it.
''The free software companies are the last competitors that have a chance to compete with Microsoft in the server software market,'' said Volker Lendecke, a co-founder of SerNet, a German company that supports free software like Linux.
Apple Computer is getting Emmy award for FireWire, advanced data-transport technology that has many uses but is used in television production to connect digital cameras and video-editing equipment to computer, and then shuttle images quickly and flawlessly back and forth (M)
Josh Silver, executive director of Free Press, a nonprofit organization working to increase public participation in media policy, said, ''You have the largest radio giant now running the news provided by one of the largest media empires, Exhibit A of what's wrong with media consolidation.''
A year ago, General Motors acquired the rights to the Hummer, a civilian version of the military's Humvee.
Apple Corps contends that the use of the logo infringes on a 1991 agreement, which it says barred Apple Computer from using the logo in connection with the sale of music.
In addition to canceling ''Smith,'' CBS pulled out of another planned Warner Brothers series, ''Waterfront.''
Apple Shrinks Its iMac To Size of a Notebook
Since the early spring of 2004, the company has spent more than $4 million to hire some of the nation's premier lobbyists to counter a savvy campaign conducted by Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation, a team of longtime Clinton strategists hired by the media conglomerate, and a coalition of black and Hispanic community leaders.
The success of the states hinges largely on whether they can convince Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly of United States District Court that the penalties should seek to modify Microsoft's conduct with regard to current and future products that were not a part of the original case.
Boeing Co, mainstay of Seattle economy and virtual emblem of Pacific Northwest, stuns its hometown by announcing it is moving its corporate headquarters out of region; Philip M Condit, chairman and chief executive, says top company officials could function more effectively in global marketplace out of one of three cities under consideration, Chicago, Denver and Dallas, which are all major international air hubs; Boeing is diversified aerospace giant with $51 billion in sales last year; move will involve about 500 jobs, but many people fear it could be precursor to larger scaling back by company in Settle; photo (M)
Shares of Procter & Gamble drop nearly 31 percent, dragging Dow Jones industrial average and other makers of consumer products down with it, after company warns that it will not meet earnings estimates in third quarter; stock falls $27.0625, to $60.375; it accounted for about third of point decline in Dow; company says it expects its profits to drop 10 percent to 11 percent in quarter ended March 31, compared with results in period a year earlier, well off Wall Street's forecast earnings 7 percent to 9 percent higher; graph; chart (M)
didn't manage to win over the national regulators, so I doubt Microsoft can,'' said Thomas Vinje, a competition and intellectual property lawyer in Brussels and a vocal critic of Microsoft.
Amazon shares have fallen 53 percent more since then.
The Canadian union has its biggest differences with the General Motors Corporation, but talks with G.M.
In addition to his wife, he is survived by a brother, David R. Clare, a former president of Johnson & Johnson, of West Palm Beach, Fla.; four sons from his first marriage, Robert L. Clare III of New York; Mark J. Clare of Murrels Inlet, S.C.; Timothy C. Clare of Nepean, Ontario; and Michael K. Clare of Bridgewater, N.J.; two daughters, also from his first marriage, Kathleen C. Clare of Bridgewater, and Patricia C. O'Brien of Medford, N.J.; 23 grandchildren; and 8 great-grandchildren.
Wal-Mart, citing high oil prices, announces its smallest quarterly profit growth in four years and warns that its third-quarter earnings will fall short of analyst estimates, disappointing Wall Street; says second-quarter earnings rose 5.8 percent, to $2.8 billion, compared with $2.7 billion year earlier; sales for period ended July 31 rose 10.2 percent, to $76.8 billion; Wal-Mart shares drop $1.53, to $47.57 (M)
Microsoft deserves some credit for trying to shake up the status quo.
Neil Barrett, a computer scientist at Cranfield University in Britain, will monitor Microsoft's compliance and report directly to the competition commissioner, Neelie Kroes, Ms. Kroes said at a news conference.
All told, Coke paid $1.1 billion to Coca-Cola Enterprises, about 8.3 percent less than the $1.2 billion it gave the bottler in 1998.
''There are hundreds of companies providing consultative services and support,'' Mr. Gordon of I.B.M.
After taking one unusual step last week by suggesting that most of the highly paid employees at the Goldman Sachs Group seemed expendable, Henry M. Paulson Jr. took another one Sunday night: he apologized to the firm's staff.
Boeing said yesterday that it would sell three commercial aircraft parts factories in Kansas and Oklahoma to a group that includes their managers and the Onex Corporation, an investment company based in Toronto.
Warnings about treating young people with antidepressants by Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency, Britain's equivalent of Food and Drug Administration, have left doctors in Britain uncertain whether rules protect patients from suicide or limit physicians' ability to treat them; agency exempts Eli Lilly's drug Prozac; British regulations, which were phased in from June to December 2003, do not ban other antidepressants outright; leaves decision to specialists in child psychiatry, who are deemed able to assess whether antidepressants increase risk of suicide or self-harm; drugs are sold in US under names Paxil, from GlaxoSmithKline, Zoloft, from Pfizer Inc, Effexor, from Wyeth, Celexa, and Lexapro, from Forest Laboratories, and Luvox, from Solvay (M)
The top five in familiarity were: Amazon.com, Microsoft.com, AOL.com, Netscape.com and eBay.com.
The developer is Ferry Building Investors, a venture of Equity Office Properties Trust, the principal investor, which is based in Chicago; Wilson Meany Sullivan, a local investor; the Primus Infrastructure Company, another local concern, which is also the construction manager; and Banc of America Historical Capital Assets.
Ever since Cisco went from being a router company to a company that offered a full line of networking devices, mostly by acquiring a string of companies, competitors have struggled to keep up.
In its suit, A.M.D., based in Sunnyvale, Calif., contends that its share of x86 unit sales peaked in 2001 at 20.8 percent and then declined to 15.8 percent by 2004 despite its technical advances, because of Intel's unfair business practices.
Some members of panel on monopolies warn that planned merger of America Online and Time Warner could turn Internet from open prairie into collection of fenced and gated estates; spokesman for Disney's ABC network use Time Warner's recent ABC blackout as evidence of why merger would be dangerous; Lawrence Lessig of Harvard Law School claims that as Internet service progresses from narrow to broadband, it would be easier for those providing service to favor some forms of content--theirs--over others; surprisingly, AOL-Time Warner merger is not opposed by Joel Klein, Justice Dept official leading government's antitrust case against Microsoft Corp; Klein says technology is so powerful that there will be alternative mechanisms into the home, while in Microsoft case, company was able to restrict access to personal computers; drawing (M)
A bill to overturn that 1956 law, which would allow Citigroup to be created with very few divestitures, is now wending its way through Congress.
But yesterday's verdict highlights the risks of Merck's strategy.
Yesterday, Guidant's shares rose $6.16, or 10 percent, to $67.98, indicating that investors had struck a middle ground between Boston Scientific's offer and a potential new offer from Johnson & Johnson.
Windows ME is scheduled for release later this year, a Microsoft product manager said, and will replace Windows 98 as the basic operating system on millions of new personal computers.
In addition, Xerox ended the quarter with $4.7 billion in cash and debt of $12.3 billion, a 17 percent reduction from debt in the first quarter of 2001.
In his ruling, Judge Jackson found that Microsoft had used the special deals to reward cooperative companies and punish others that did not follow Microsoft's directions on issues of importance to the company.
Waste Management Inc shares fall 36 percent a day after company warns analysts that revenue and earnings for second quarter will be much lower than expected (M)
But Netflix now faces a bruising challenge from Wal-Mart Stores, the $244 billion-a-year retailing monolith that has recently started a competing rental business with nearly identical offerings.
Mr. Monti also accused General Electric of ''misinforming the public'' after Harry C. Stonecipher, the vice chairman of Boeing, told the French newspaper Le Monde that opposition from Airbus Industrie was the reason European antitrust regulators at the European Commission were opposing the Honeywell deal.
About 20 years ago the building was transformed again, this time into an office and showroom for Hasbro, the toy company.
Microsoft's current operating system is Windows XP, but the company also sells networking kits that will work with Windows 98.
Coca-Cola Shifts Duties for Classic
Some of the changes at Wal-Mart have worked.
The industry's critics, he said, ignore the fact that over the last generation, Pfizer and other drug companies have saved millions of lives with new medicines for cancer, heart disease and H.I.V.
The Justice Department proposal on the table, people close to the discussions said, would have modified a range of Microsoft's business activities, from its contract deals to sharing information about its technology more openly with personal computer makers and software makers.
In the time it would have taken an aspiring entrant to launch a serious effort to compete against Internet Explorer, Microsoft could have erected the same type of barrier that protects its existing monopoly power by adding proprietary extensions to the browsing software under its control and by extracting commitments from OEM's, IAP's and others similar to the ones discussed in Section I.A.2, supra.
Initially, when reviewing the licensing deals, Apple had not intended to end cloning, Mr. Jobs said.
Microsoft's merger talks with SAP, the largest maker of enterprise applications software, with revenue of $8.6 billion last year, strongly suggest that Microsoft's ambition is to become the leader in the corporate software market and climb to the top as quickly as possible.
''It's important to understand that the Internet cannot change what is going on in the marketplace,'' said Susan L. Bostrom, senior vice president of Cisco's Internet business solutions group.
In recent months, shares of on-line stores other than Amazon, have fallen.
''Vornado is very difficult to deal with,'' said one top executive at the authority.
Under a new policy Citigroup initiated in August, no such financing will be approved without meaningful disclosure of its impact on a company's financial condition.''
The remedy proposed by the states would also prohibit Microsoft from using the market power of Windows to strike deals that would limit competitors in other areas, like instant-messaging software.
Without that charge, the executives said, Chubb would have shown a profit for the quarter.
Next has reportedly been working on a version of Java, but at the Friday evening news conference convened to announce the merger, Gilbert F. Amelio, Apple's chairman, said he would defer disclosing specific details of the new Macintosh operating system until Jan. 7 at the Macworld trade show in San Francisco.
Mr. Matz said that while Clorox was "keeping an eye on the marketplace," the company believed that Scotch Brite's "very strong introductory plan" had "tailed off very radically."
Merck continued to sell Vioxx for four more years, until another trial confirmed Vioxx's dangers, before withdrawing the drug.
Although both Microsoft and Intel are conspicuous supporters of the competing Bluetooth wireless standard, they have simultaneously backed Wi-Fi.
Net income at Cisco fell in the quarter, to $724 million, or 10 cents a share, from $991 million, or 14 cents a share, a year earlier.
What is less clear is what effect the decision will have on a bitter rivalry between Microsoft and Liberate Technologies, the two preferred software providers for AT&T's interactive cable network.
Procter's sales of Pringles have fallen about 11 percent, to $245 million, I.R.I.
Many economic analysts say that breaking up Microsoft is not at all analogous to the dividing of Standard Oil or AT&T, two other companies that lost epic antitrust battles with the government but also saw the values of their divided parts soar.
Automatic doubling or tripling of new Internet stock appears to be over; shares of Ziplink Inc and Juno Online Services finish at less than their initial offering prices, and those of Edgar Online gain mere pennies; underwriters of upcoming deal, for Private Business Inc, respond to softening market by cutting price and reducing number of shares to be issued; Neil Barsky, co-founder of hedge fund Midtown Research Group, predicts tailpin for Internet stocks will worsen; Morgan Stanley Dean Witter analyst Mary Meeker says Internet stock prices, already down 46 percent from their highs of last year, could well skid 20 percent more; chart; photo (Market Place column) (M)
The Pepperidge Farm unit of Campbell Soup has asked BrightHouse Live in Atlanta to develop concepts for advertising the Goldfish line of crackers, pretzels and other snacks, which Y.&R.
In 1995, the European Commission and the United States Justice Department cooperated in an antitrust investigation that Microsoft settled by changing contracts with personal computer producers and eliminating some restrictions on software makers.
Analysts said the I.B.M.
According to the American Express Business Travel Monitor, which tracks business air fares in 215 domestic city pairs each month, while typical business air fares remain at record high levels and have shot up 77 percent since 1996, they stayed flat in March and February at about an average of $1,158 for a round-trip ticket.
Prince forced him to resign in October after an internal review concluded that Mr. Jones and two other senior bank executives were responsible for a breakdown in oversight at Citigroup's private banking operations in Japan.
Just before the legislation was signed, Verizon removed a potential sticking point by agreeing not to block an effort already under way by the city of Philadelphia to build its own wireless high-speed network.
''Before any group of defendants can be tried together, there must be a determination that the claims are sufficiently common and that they can be tried together without prejudice,'' said Walter Dellinger, a lawyer at O'Melveny & Myers in Washington, which is representing Exxon Mobil.
Last year, I.B.M.
European regulators are considering approving proposed $20 billion combination of music division of Time Warner Inc and EMI Group into joint venture, development that would remove last major barrier in Europe to acquisition of Time Warner by America Online; change of view among regulators comes in wake of new concessions proposed by Time Warner and EMI, which include offer to sell Virgin record label (M)
Morgan Stanley's net earnings were down 16 percent in the fourth quarter, compared with the period in 2001.
But the sniping has become particularly pointed in recent months, as Boeing revived assertions that Airbus competes unfairly, having received some $15 billion in government aid over the last three decades.
Two managed care companies, Oxford Health Plans and Aetna Inc., reported weak financial results for the third quarter yesterday, providing new signs of trouble in the industry, especially in the Northeast.
Mr. Remnick, asked for a response, replied in an e-mail message, ''Ads are ads, and I have no problem at all with Target's advertising a lot, all at once, or a page at a time.''
Feisty and combative, Mr. Gates says he finds I.B.M.
Mr. Murdoch actually considered joining forces with Cablevision early this year, according to people close to the News Corporation, but decided that it would be too difficult to build a new satellite-television operation from scratch.
For the fiscal year that ended on June 30, 1996, the United States units generated 72 percent of the News Corporation's $1.2 billion in operating income.
Microsoft has not said how much those products would cost.
and a setback for Intel, Microsoft's longtime ally in the personal computer industry.
He also dismissed the protests as a campaign orchestrated by the News Corporation's Fox television stations group and the public relations firms it has hired; the revised ratings are most likely to hurt the shows on the company's stations in New York.
Differences between Microsoft Corp's Windows 95 personal computer operating system and its Windows CE discussed; Windows CE runs on computers with no moving parts, including new PC companions, and is showing up inside things other than computers (M)
Holding up a Stanley Works saw, he said anyone thinking about buying Stanley Works tools should consider that the company is ''evading U.S. taxes and making profits off the taxes of middle-class Americans who are paying their taxes honestly.''
''The question is whether Pfizer or Warner-Lambert should be able to say'' it works for unapproved, or off-label, uses, he added.
Kodak's name is nowhere on those items now.
In May and July 2003, Halliburton paid the $1.9 million to the retirees who were supposed to get it, and in April 2004 it distributed the stock to three employee pension funds, including one run by another company, Ingersoll-Rand, which had bought out Halliburton's stake in a Dresser joint venture, Dresser-Rand.
Microsoft advisers say the effort to put additional evidence into the case shortly before the trial shows that the Government and states are desperately scrambling to strengthen their case.
In fact, Microsoft's technical support staff would routinely tie personally identifiable information to the user's sign-in history, and hold on to that data for months.
The arrangement merges Amazon's on-line expertise and broad customer reach with Sotheby's reputation as an authority in the business of selling fine and decorative arts.
That is the message from Morgan Stanley & Company and Lehman Brothers Inc., which posted record earnings for the fourth quarter and year yesterday.
Host Marriott owns controlling interests in 83 upscale and luxury hotel properties.
The conditions, which include winning approval from antitrust regulators in the United States and Europe, access to financing and the dissolution of a venture between P&O and Royal Caribbean in Southern Europe, have thwarted Carnival's efforts to convince P&O that its offer is superior.
In his written direct testimony, which was made public today, he defends Microsoft's contract requiring America Online to switch its customers to Internet Explorer.
Justice Department accuses Microsoft Corp of 'disobedience' and of 'jerry-rigging its own products' in response to Federal judge's order to allow makers of personal computers to license Microsoft's Windows operating system without being forced to also load its Internet browsing software; comments are made in filing in US District Court in Washington, as antitrust battle between Government and Microsoft intensifies (L)
Some drug industry analysts say, however, that even by limiting the program to the cheapest generics, Wal-Mart might be able to declare the overall program profitable only by spreading the costs well beyond its pharmacy ledger.
The quarter reflected mixed results for Oracle's two main software businesses, database and applications.
The advantage appears to lie with CVS.
Maurice R Greenberg, chief executive at American International group, is leading charge by insurance industry, which lost billions of dollars in September 11 terrorist attacks, for federal government to serve as insurer of last resort in any future catastrophe; has met with Pres Bush and lobbied members of Congress since attacks, which will cost company about $820 million in payments on claims; strategy is to emphasize role insurance plays in underpinning vital industries, stressing that government help for insurers is really help for economy as whole; photo (M)
But while praising the company's improved management and new products, analysts generally retained a cautious outlook on Adobe's stock.
Judge Gives Wal-Mart Reprieve on Benefits
Intel is already suffering from razor-thin profit margins on low-cost chips.
Gates Appears in Microsoft Television Ad
Andrew Bryant, Intel's chief financial officer, said that Intel was ''slightly encouraged'' that demand from businesses had been at the upper end of seasonal patterns for the last two quarters.
But not all portable music players support Microsoft's format.
I.B.M.
The commission's court filing makes clear that Morgan Stanley objected to the commission's subpoena on grounds that it was overly broad in seeking more information than might be necessary to determine whether the firm discriminated against Ms. Schieffelin.
The commission, Novell, the Computer and Communications Industry Association, RealNetworks and others argued at a court hearing last month that suspending the orders would allow Microsoft to continue strengthening its dominant position in software, to the detriment of competitors and ultimately, the consumer.
Yahoo's lawyers in France said they regretted the decision.
The studio would have to pay to fly a Microsoft representative to watch all cuts of the movie, and the studio would forgo merchandising rights.
The walk-up assistance has existed since the first Apple Store opened in 2001, in Washington.
In an effort to build a nationwide wireless communications company to match those envisioned by companies like AT&T, the Bell Atlantic and Nynex Corporations plan to merge their cellular companies into a single business that will operate from Maine to Virginia.
The major military contractors working with Boeing on the Future Combat Systems program include SAIC, Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman, General Dynamics, BAE Systems, Raytheon and Honeywell International.
The five KPMG partners on the Xerox audit that remain subject to the S.E.C.
Amazon.com has more than three times the customers of Barnesandnoble.com, the second largest online bookseller, and most of Amazon's customers come directly to its own Web site.
The Northrop Grumman Corporation made an unsolicited bid yesterday to buy Newport News Shipbuilding Inc., an effort intended to undercut a deal struck last month between Newport News and the General Dynamics Corporation.
Wal-Mart hired Draft FCB last October, then dismissed it two months later, citing what Wal-Mart described as improper conduct by two of its own executives who had been involved in a long search for a new creative agency that concluded with the selection of Draft FCB.
Secondly, we have never seen a cable company the size of Comcast, with 22 million subscribers, provide size and scale without precedent.
As the foregoing discussion illustrates, Microsoft's campaign to protect the applications barrier from erosion by network-centric middleware can be broken down into discrete categories of activity, several of which on their own independently satisfy the second element of a Section 2 monopoly maintenance claim.
Verizon customers who sign up directly with MSN for D.S.L.
Cisco said its pro forma net income, which excludes the effects of acquisition charges, payroll tax on stock option exercises and net gains realized on minority investments, was $1.20 billion, or 16 cents a diluted share, for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2000, compared with $710 million, or 10 cents a share, for the fourth quarter of fiscal 1999, increases of 69 percent and 60 percent, respectively.
Coca-Cola Gives Sprite Can a New Look
Novartis AG says it will acquire Merck & Co's crop protection business for $910 million; Novartis has world's largest agribusiness (S)
In waltzed its crosstown rival, Bank of America, which consummated the merger and strengthened its position in the Northeast.
Under increasing pressure, Time Warner restored the signals of ABC television stations to 3.5 million homes yesterday afternoon after agreeing to a temporary truce in its contractual impasse with the Walt Disney Company.
But this AOL-Time Warner deal may free Microsoft up to be more aggressive, just to keep up.''
Analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call forecast that I.B.M.
To keep generic competitors from eating into the blockbusters' profits, companies like Pfizer and GlaxoSmithKline have also been patenting the component chemicals and processes in addition to the drug itself.
announced a long-anticipated deal to sell a majority stake in its financing arm, the General Motors Acceptance Corporation, for $7.4 billion.
European officials object that a deal between EMI and Time Warner would reduce the number of worldwide music distributors to four from five, and they are pushing for divestitures that the companies are loath to offer.
Both Morgan Stanley and Mr. Curry found themselves in legal trouble.
United Healthcare Corp outbids Prudential Insurance Co to win $4 billion health insurance business of American Assn of Retired Persons; deal to take effect in 1998; bulk of AARP contracts is for supplemental medical or drug benefits for 5.7 million people on Medicare; it also includes hospital coverage and nursing-home insurance; development is big blow to Prudential, which is projecting $3.8 billion in 1996 premium revenue for AARP business; ITT Hartford Group will take over from Prudential marketing and handling of insurance customers' complaints, and Metropolitan Life Insurance Co will provide long-term-care insurance; Wayne F Haefer of AARP says United Healthcare offered lower-cost coverage of prescription drugs for Medicare recipients, and several new services and products (M)
But more recently, I.B.M.
''WebSphere is a marketing term for I.B.M.
Microsoft's actions to counter the Java threat went far beyond the development of an attractive alternative to Sun's implementation of the technology.
Although the map includes terrorism alerts in its monthly updates, a separate Aon unit produces another map devoted to terrorism risks.
Or Carolyn Helmke, a transportation planner in Palo Alto, Calif.: ''I am convinced that Starbucks has made a conscious decision that it doesn't matter how bad their food is because people will buy it anyway,'' she said.
The new technique, which he said would be added to Microsoft's Windows operating system next year, is known as Cleartype, and it makes text on a portable computer almost as readable as a newspaper or a book, Mr. Gates asserted.
''Builders use stores as secondary or tertiary suppliers, but with Hughes, Home Depot can be the primary supplier,'' said Matthew J. Fassler, an analyst at Goldman Sachs who has an outperform rating on Home Depot shares.
For the newly offered securities would provide a tax break for General Motors.
South Africa's flagship airline, state-controlled South African Airways, will spend about $770 million on new aircraft from Boeing Co and make American company sole supplier of planes for its fleet (S)
Citigroup chief executive Sanford I Weill will resign from boards of AT&T Corp and United Technologies, whose chief executives sit on board of Citigroup; announcement is latest effort by Weill to raise business standards at Citigroup at time when regulators are investigating possible conflicts of interest at company's investment bank Salomon Smith Barney; company names Michael T Masin, president of Verizon Communications, as chief operating officer of Citigroup; will take over responsibilities given by Charles O Prince III, when he became chief executive of Salomon (M)
He told investors in a conference call that the company might use Web search software provided by other companies or developed by Yahoo itself instead of or in addition to Google.
Jim Bennett, vice president of recommendation systems at Netflix, said that he knew little about the Hungarians but noted they have a knack for pulling ahead when behind.
That court challenge, though, focused on Windows 95 and Microsoft's Internet Explorer browsing program.
The new Adobe reader has borrowed some tricks from printer software to improve the appearance of on-screen typefaces, but Mr. Looney said an improved version would be released ''very, very soon'' containing CoolType, a system that Adobe says will improve readability.
Comcast did agree to let America Online offer its broadband service on about one-third of Comcast systems as part of a broader negotiation that dissolved a joint venture AT&T had with AOL Time Warner.
Together, Chase and Morgan would have more than $650 billion in assets, ranking second to Citigroup's $800 billion.
Software industry is going through period of consolidation with big mergers; Oracle has announced its acquisition of PeopleSoft for $10.3 billion; Symantec is expected to announce deal to buy Veritas for more than $14 billion in stock; corporate customers are driving new trend; after Internet bubble burst, balance of power in technology marketplace shifted sharply toward corporate customers, and that trend shows no signs of reversing soon; analysts say business buyers want their technology to cost less and be less complicated to use; add software mergers are driven by companies' needs to cut costs and assemble larger bundles of products they can sell to corporate customers (M)
Microsoft Names a New Chief Executive
In its first 10 years here, Wal-Mart stepped cautiously, opening just 25 stores in four of Brazil's 27 states.
He discounted the widely held notion that Microsoft, which fought a bitter federal antitrust battle as a result of its actions against Netscape, had similar aggressive designs on the market for Internet search.
Insurance regulators in New York and Illinois participated in the talks and are expected to be given the task of making sure that Aon complies with the terms of the agreement.
The village is now dotted with 342 wells, paid for by I.B.M., that monitor or extract groundwater.
Netflix's most popular feature may be the fact that it has no late fees.
Robert Bolte, vice president for corporate marketing at Clorox in Oakland, Calif., said the change was prompted by a decision last month by a rival, S. C.  Johnson & Son Inc., to consolidate its worldwide business, with billings estimated at $300 million to $350 million, at the Chicago office of Foote, Cone, a unit of True North Communications.
It is Paper Partners L.L.C., not Procter & Gamble.
That is difficult because Microsoft is, after all, only 24 years old.
Bank of America has recently been among the leaders in performance among banks because of its focus on consumer rather than corporate and commercial services.
The deal, to be announced today, is part of I.B.M.
Following are the details of the companies' results: A.T.& T.
For those worried that The New Yorker may be blurring the line between editorial content and commercialism, executives of the magazine and Target offered reassurances that there would be no equivalent of The New Yorker mascot, Eustace Tilley, staring at a butterfly through a monocle covered with a Target bull's-eye.
''It may be difficult for the present Government or possible future governments to balance conflicting policy objectives of the long run to achieve a durable recovery in economic growth, to relieve the fiscal burden of the Government and to restore solvency and vitality to the financial sector,'' Moody's said.
The region's storied innovation still has a strong pulse as evidenced by a spate of new products that include advanced wireless phones, next-generation data equipment and the iMac pedestal computer, which Apple Computer introduced last week.
The temporary restraining order also requires General Electric to return any Dow documents that it may have.
In December, Oracle posted strong earnings growth for its second fiscal quarter, but its growth in license sales disappointed investors.
Mr. Parsons said that issues over Time Warner Entertainment -- which holds Warner Brothers, Home Box Office and the bulk of the company's cable systems -- came up during routine conversations about operating issues.
The Dow Jones industrial average, in which Wal-Mart is a large component, closed lower for the fifth straight day.
Kodak's black cartridge costs $10 and prints 350 pages (of an industry-standard test document).
Similarly, labor leaders accuse Verizon of exaggerating workers' pay levels.
Barely two weeks ago, the Eastman Kodak Company introduced the first digital copier fast enough to compete with the Xerox Corporation's most sophisticated products.
That division had earlier been identified as a prime culprit for the subpar recent performance of Interpublic.
For now, no money is changing hands between Yahoo and Reuters, but if Reuters is able to create a separate news service with the user-created material, it will split the revenue with Yahoo.
Earlier this year, General Mills tried to provide more nutrition information by displaying icons in a product's ''Goodness Corner.''
Johnson & Johnson reported higher profits for the quarter, but its shares fell nearly 3 percent on news of an overall decline in revenue, caused mainly by lower drug sales in the United States that reflected generic competition.
For example, the Kodak is the new all-in-one on the block, so it doesn't offer as many features as some of its rivals.
But Mr. Winer has grown alarmed in recent weeks by what he sees as Microsoft's attempt to make subtle changes in SOAP that would make it unusable by anyone except Microsoft developers.
American Express said it would ensure that its corporate clients were able to book the best available rates at thousands of hotels, without restrictions associated with the Web-only booking sites.
J P Morgan Chase agrees to pay $2.2 billion to Enron investors who accused bank of participating in accounting scandal that led to Enron's collapse; agreement comes just days after Citigroup reached $2 billion settlement; pool available to compensate investors who lost billions as Enron went into bankruptcy in 2001 has grown to $4.7 billion and could eventually surpass $6.13 billion that Wall Street firms have agreed to pay WorldCom investors; J P Morgan Chase says it will take $2 billion charge before taxes, or $1.25 billion after taxes, in second quarter, in part to cover costs associated with settlement as well as other potential lawsuits (M)
There they served him a court summons and a lawsuit accusing him, his Web site and 50 unnamed customers of violating state and federal law -- including the year-old federal Can Spam Act -- by flooding Microsoft's internal and customer e-mail networks with illegal spam, among other charges.
Black, president of the Computer and Communications Industry Association, which backs Microsoft's corporate adversaries.
Two decades later it was a factor in the role the I.B.M.
Vornado is apparently not liable for any damages that might arise if Mr. Trump is able to prove any improprieties against his partners, ''other than claims relating to the sale price,'' according to a document filed on March 15 with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
MR. HASTINGS, a friendly, goateed 45-year-old who fits the image of a California entrepreneur, founded Netflix in 1997 after running up late fees on a video rental.
Mr. Zumwinkel, a former partner at McKinsey & Company who sits on the board of Morgan Stanley, said Deutsche Post would be flexible about pursuing an offering, based on changing market conditions.
Microsoft was down 35 cents, to $24.15, in trading in New York yesterday, leaving it up just 10 percent from where it was when the stock market hit bottom on Oct. 9, 2002.
Citigroup's total return to shareholders fell short of the returns of many of its peers in 2006, according to the compensation committee of the company's board, but the year was financially rewarding nonetheless for Charles O.
In recent months, I.B.M.
Bell, Interpublic's chief executive, said during the conference call.
Securities and Exchange Commission is generally examining whether corporations alter projections for health care costs, pension plan returns and other factors as way of manipulating earnings; agency is looking at automakers like GM and Ford Motor because they have some of largest pension plans and offer medical benefits to huge number of retirees; Northwest Airlines appears to be under scrutiny because of unusual actuarial assumptions that it has factored into its pension calculations; graph; photo (Market Place column) (M)
Profile of rei.com, Internet division of outdoor gear and apparel retailer Recreational Equipment Inc; rei, like far larger Amazon.com, dominates its niche, but unlike Amazon, rei.com turns profit; REI also runs retail stores, giving it basis for comparing on-line and old-line business models; says running stores has turned out to be advantage, not liability; says Web site operating costs have consistently risen; cites daunting technical challenges it faces; Matt Hyde, vice president for on-line sales, comments; photos (M)
A lawsuit was filed in federal court Tuesday accusing I.B.M.
Claire Giannini Hoffman, first woman to sit on board of Bank of America, which her father founded, and Sears Roebuck, dies at age 92 (S)
''People really shouldn't be too concerned about the airplane having difficulty in turbulence -- it's designed for turbulence,'' said Jeff Bland, senior manager for commercial airplane loads and dynamics at Boeing, adding that structural failures because of turbulence are rare.
Ford Motor Co to eliminate 1,000 jobs at plants in Britain through voluntary reductions and early retirements; move is part of effort to make plants competitive globally (S)
Intel does not typically forecast earnings.
In New York, Aetna U.S. Healthcare eliminated drug coverage last year.
He is also bothered by the use of brown Amazon.com boxes for the merchandise he sells on the other e-commerce sites.
As the National Transportation Safety Board began investigating the fire aboard a Carnival cruise ship on Monday, some passengers said today that they had smelled smoke long before the crew told them of the fire.
Intel, which is based in Santa Clara, Calif., said the chip would officially start shipping Thursday although some companies have already been designing products that use Manitoba.
Thank you for your Nov. 12 front-page article ''Wal-Mart's CD Standards Are Changing Pop Music.''
Marathon officials negotiated with Nike for three months earlier this year after the company's four-year sponsorship contract came up for renewal, but the two sides were unable to reach an agreement.
Last week, Saatchi New York hired Joe Belmonte, a former executive at Amster Yard and DDB Worldwide in New York, as senior group account director for General Mills, reporting to Mary Baglivo, the chief executive at Saatchi New York.
The semiconductor unit, which earned $190 million on sales of $2.1 billion in the third quarter, would undoubtedly be faring better if Motorola's phone business were living up to expectations.
Earlier this month, Boeing said it would shift some finishing work on some 737's to its Douglas Products Division in Long Beach, Calif.
Article on prospects for Google's initial public offering; focuses other companies, including Apple Computer, whose share prices started out strong but later faltered; photos (M)
And the states' concerns go beyond the integration into Windows 98 of Microsoft's Internet Explorer software for navigating the World Wide Web -- which has been one of the issues for the Justice Department.
But the initiative to be announced today may be the most aggressive move yet in I.B.M.
Brian O'Shaughnessy, a spokesman for VeriSign, who has described Site Finder as a tool to help users surf the Net more effectively, did not return a telephone call for comment.
Now I.B.M.
Caldera filed its antitrust suit against Microsoft on July 24, 1996, the same day it completed the acquisition of the DR-DOS product from Novell Inc. (Novell had acquired the program's creator, Digital Research Inc., in 1991.)
''When you lose your files, you lose a piece of yourself,'' said James Druckrey, the senior vice president in charge of Seagate's branding efforts.
A WCBS spokeswoman said the arrangement with Marriott had no significance beyond the fact that the hotels were centrally located and that leasing space from one management company was easier and ''a better deal'' than from several.
Another survey by American Express found that 69 percent wanted to give money and gift certificates, up from 41 percent five years ago, and that 72 percent wanted to receive them.
Three weeks ago, Procter & Gamble's New Orleans coffee operations came to a halt, shutting down four sites that account for production and storage of well over 70 percent of its Folgers and Millstone brands.
The volume of mortgages financed by Citigroup doubled in the second quarter, to $23.5 billion, the company said.
Oracle said currency effects shaved 6 percent from revenue growth.
Officials of VeriSign, which is based in Mountain View, Calif., took responsibility for issuing two fraudulent digital certificates on Jan. 30 and 31 via an automatic Internet-based system.
Time Warner's systems reach only about a fifth of the nation's homes -- roughly 21 million households -- but Monday's deal may well set off a chain reaction among local phone companies, long-distance giants, other cable providers and wireless carriers to step up their high-speed Internet strategies.
With his computer and files destroyed, there was not much Mr. Cohen could do to help Penney with its insurance coverage, which had been arranged by a team of brokers from his company, the Aon Corporation.
The Nike commercial features Suzy Hamilton, an American competing in Olympic track events, as a terrified woman under attack from a hulking masked man who wields a chain saw.
Billions of dollars in life insurance policies used as compensation for hundreds of top executives -- including Martha Stewart, Ralph Lauren and Ted Turner -- are in jeopardy, largely because of the recently enacted corporate responsibility law.
Burger King and Ernst & Young are among Cisco's corporate customers for the systems, and Cisco has struck alliances with the phone companies AT&T, SBC Communications and Sprint to offer packages of equipment and service for the corporate market.
''Nordstrom is still a company in search of an identity.''
Microsoft says that nasty little surprise was necessary because the player technologies are no longer just a bunch of programs but a ''platform'' -- which Microsoft is calling Media 9 Series -- fully integrated into the operating system.
And he was blindsided by the economy's downturn, its damaging effect on Honeywell's business and that company's desperation to complete the deal.
Following is the text of the letter from John T. Lampe, the chairman and chief executive of Bridgestone/Firestone, that was sent yesterday to Jacques Nasser, the chief executive of Ford Motor:
John Patrick, the retired vice president for Internet technology at I.B.M.
Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson, meeting with Justice Department and Microsoft lawyers, proposes expedited remedy phase following his ruling in antitrust case, and encourages direct review in Supreme Court; judge lays out tight schedule for filings, in hopes of concluding remedy phase within 60 days to avoid disrupting economy; Microsoft may also face raft of suits from private sector over verdict that company is 'predatory' monopolist that repeatedly violated antitrust laws; many of Jackson's findings may be accepted as proof by other courts, and judgments could yield many millions of dollars for each of computer makers that use Windows (M)
Joel Brinkley article on his allegiance to WordPerfect in a word-processing world in which Microsoft Word's dominance now hovers between 93 percent and 95 percent; notes that Corel Corp, WordPerfect's owner, has had to make its software as compatible as it can with Word in order to survive; notes a few nice WordPerfect features, especially Reveal Codes button; drawing (M)
Standard & Poor's affirmed Merck's top-rank AAA credit rating yesterday.
The worry of some state prosecutors mirrors concerns by industry executives and Microsoft rivals that the settlement was shaped too much by Microsoft.
Most of General Motors' support goes to organizations in Detroit, like the Detroit Opera, Detroit Symphony Orchestra and Detroit Institute of the Arts, which opened the General Motors Center for African-American Art in 2000.
And if AT&T decides instead to proceed with a spinoff of the cable business, Microsoft has indicated that it would be willing to pay AT&T billions of dollars directly to increase its stake in the unit, according to people close to the negotiations.
Quarterly Profits Rise for Cox and Comcast
''Shipping is an incredibly important part of trading on eBay,'' said Meg Whitman as she introduced Mr. Potter at the Las Vegas conference.
Looking ahead, Amazon.com expects sales between $1.675 billion and $1.825 billion, an increase of 21 percent to 32 percent, compared with the second quarter of 2004.
Joan Steel, an Aon spokeswoman in Chicago, declined to comment on whether the company had been interested in buying Sedgwick.
The two companies will market the drug together in the United States while Pfizer will handle sales in other countries.
Every now and then, Daniel Ibrahim fills up at McDonald's.
At the same time, the print campaign, by the Leo Burnett USA unit of the Leo Burnett Company in Chicago, comes as Kellogg and other cereal makers try to lure back consumers who defected to breakfast bars, bagels and other alternatives.
Motorola Inc predicts resumed semiconductor industry growth next year; plans fourth quarter charge related to job cuts and other cost-cutting moves; Semiconductor Industry Association reports book-to-bill ratio rose to 0.99 in Sept from revised 0.93 in Aug as computer makers raised orders 9 percent (M)
Investigators in New York State Atty Gen Eliot Spitzer's office have learned that offshore insurers Munich Reinsurance Co and Richmond Insurance Co that appeared to have no affiliation with American International Group were secretly backed by global insurance giant through complex agreements; AIG affiliate secretly guaranteed investments that other companies made in offshore insurers, effectively making those insurers' operations part of AIG (M)
In addition, the commission could choose other competing media players, with Microsoft having to include those on a compact disc shipped with Windows.
But the European Commission, the executive unit of the European Union, has kept a careful eye on Microsoft's practices, working with the Justice Department in some instances to curb the software giant's behavior.
The Dow Jones industrial average leaped 2.7 percent -- and would have been up 3.7 percent had it not been weighed down by the changes Dow Jones made last November, when it added Microsoft and Intel to the list.
''My guess is that the Northrop Grumman bid will add great complexity to the situation,'' said Jacques S. Gansler, a former under secretary for acquisition, technology and logistics at the Defense Department and now a professor at the School of Public Affairs at the University of Maryland.
This week's party will be held at Les Halles, a large, boisterous French-bistro-style restaurant on Pennsylvania Avenue, a street that holds some significance for Microsoft.
Some big insurers, alarmed by research showing that sport utility vehicles and pickup trucks are inflicting unusually costly harm to cars and their occupants in collisions, are raising liability rates on oversize vehicles in what could amount to largest overhaul of liability coverage since rise of no-fault laws; insurers are also bankrolling new studies and planning series of crash tests to convince auto makers that such vehicles must be modified to make them less dangerous; effects of overhaul could prove startling for motorists: liability rate increase of up to 20 percent for drivers of sport utility vehicles and pickups over next several years and cut of up to 10 percent for car owners; Farmers Insurance Group and Progressive Corp, two of nation's largest insurers, have already begun changing way they calculate their rates; graph (M)
Yahoo's lawyers contended that the company was helpless and that it was technically impossible to identify Web users by national origin and block their access to sites.
Starting at 10 p.m. Wednesday, customers were able to receive e-mail messages intermittently, but by noon yesterday, they were unable to receive them at all, said Dave Watson, executive vice president for marketing at Comcast.
Yahoo would not make Mr. Nazem or any other executive available to discuss his departure.
Nestlé eliminated Interpublic's Universal McCann media agency from its roster last October.
''I feel like we're being slowly yet consistently effective,'' said Dr. Dennis M. Bier, director of the Children's Research Center at Baylor College of Medicine and a member of the McDonald's council.
The News Corporation's last federal filing shows an 11 percent stake, but a spokesman said the corporation's share in EchoStar was now down to 6 percent.
Salomon relationship bankers say they often make two or three times as much money each year as their Citibank counterparts -- a disparity that becomes more glaring as the two gain the right to offer clients the same full line of Citigroup banking products.
Its reputation tarnished and its share of the world aircraft market falling, Boeing announced on Monday that its chief executive, Philip M. Condit, had resigned.
(Apple now works with TBWA/Chiat/Day.)
Antitrust experts say that while Intel was aggressive in cutting off the three customers, the chip maker's use of its intellectual property as a negotiating tool was common in the industry.
Pharmacia and Pfizer selected the New York office of J. Walter Thompson, part of the WPP Group, to handle so-called direct-to-consumer campaigns for Celebrex, an arthritis pain medication.
''The market is really struggling now to figure out just what Motorola's earning power will be over the next two years,'' Lior Bregman, who follows the company for Oppenheimer & Company, said.
and no change in the accounting, which Merck asserted was not material because the revenues in question ''were less than 5 percent of Merck's consolidated sales'' at the time, according to SEC Insight, a research firm that obtained the documents.
Citigroup benefited from a 44 percent increase in profits at its Salomon Smith Barney brokerage division, where overseas acquisitions pushed investment banking revenue to almost $1 billion, a record.
Both Mr. Skinner and Mr. Bell started their McDonald's careers in the 1970's by working at franchises, Mr. Skinner in a small town outside Chicago and Mr. Bell in Sydney, Australia.
The only reference to Hewitt Associates in any Verizon filing, for instance, is a letter sent by the company to institutional shareholders and attached to a 2004 proxy filing.
Using such techniques saved about 9 percent of construction costs, Pfizer estimated, dropping to $172 a square foot from the typical $188.
It will have to pass the same test all services do at WalMart.com: to lure customers into Wal-Mart's 4,000 stores, to buy groceries, electronics and clothing.
The other campaign, a series of quirky spots with no theme, was introduced in February by Wieden & Kennedy in Portland, Ore., which works for Coca-Cola on sports marketing and Barq's root beer in addition to Diet Coke.
The issue for Intel is its strategy for moving to 64-bit computing.
continues to be the largest client for Interpublic advertising agencies, which create campaigns for the G.M.
Both Dell and Apple are banking on what some analysts say will be a consumer upgrade cycle in 2002 as PC users buy new machines to run Microsoft's latest operating system software, Windows XP, and Apple's own new OS X operating system.
Intel's first dual-core chip, on the other hand, is for use in high-end desktop machines, typically the kind used by game enthusiasts and graphic designers.
Boeing's centerpiece at the Paris Air Show here is not one of its famous wide-body jumbo jets but the newest and smallest member of its fleet, a stub-nosed little passenger jet called the 717.
After the Internet stock crash ended hopes of a successful offering, Staples decided on March 8 to buy back those shares for $7 each, more than twice what the insiders had paid.
Newmont Mining Corp announces agreement to acquire Santa Fe Pacific Gold Corp for $2.43 billion in stock, securing position as the top gold-mining company in North America; Newmont outbids rival Homestake Mining Co; analysts expect more mergers in rapidly consolidating industry (L)
Motorola Inc., the wireless communications and semiconductor company that has been stumbling for about two years, said late today that its third-quarter earnings were better than expected, largely because of an aggressive restructuring and cost-cutting effort.
Mr. Ivester said that production would resume immediately and that he expected Coca-Cola products to be back in Belgian stores within two weeks.
Such attitudes may partly reflect the institutional arrogance that helped land Microsoft in court.
Amazon.com, the biggest online seller of CDs, is joining the movement against copy-protection software for digital music.
Silicon Graphics also said that it had an agreement with Intel intended to advance the graphics performance of the Intel design.
Two independent Morgan Stanley directors interview number of senior executives, in effort to gauge sentiment at divided Wall Street firm; talks signal growing concern on part of board that it needs to become more involved as discontent over Philip J Purcell's leadership shows little sign of waning; discussions come as Morgan Stanley's largest shareholders continue to put pressure on board; group of eight retired Morgan Stanley executives who have mounted campaign to oust Purcell, and are still seeking meeting with directors, have focused much of their criticism on board governance issues (M)
General Motors lost $154 million in Europe, a sharp deterioration from the $166 million in earnings reported a year earlier.
Microsoft said yesterday that it had licensed I.B.M.
Procter & Gamble Shake-Up Follows Poor Profit Outlook
To increase sales in Europe, McDonald's has been promoting more chicken and pork products in several countries affected by mad cow disease, including France, Germany, Spain, Portugal and Greece.
The vulnerable include many people who might not be aware they are running the software, including some users who run Microsoft's Windows 2000 or Windows NT operating systems and also have IIS Web server software on their machines, the program that is the worm's target.
Time Warner Cable will make 80 to 100 films available to be viewed at any time.
The International Lease Finance Corporation, the world's biggest airline leasing company, ordered 50 of the Boeing Company's 737 jets and tentatively ordered 50 more.
Mr. Reed is now co-chief executive of Citigroup, the country's largest financial services concern and the creation of last year's merger of Citicorp and Travelers Group.
''It has been very clear to us that the two issues are linked,'' Michael Luftman, the vice president of corporate communications for Time Warner, said.
Mr. Seuberling, 50, said he had pushed his route's revenue to $14,000 a week, from $9,000, by convincing customers for uniforms to buy added services like floor mats and jackets from the Cintas catalog.
The directories group would be an independent and publicly traded company after it was spun off, and Verizon stockholders would receive shares in the company tax-free.
I.S.S., along with Glass Lewis and Proxy Governance, criticized the compensation committee for awarding bonus and retention pay in the form of 6.8 million stock options to Terry S. Semel, Yahoo's chief executive, in a year when the company's shares dropped nearly 35 percent.
Bristol-Myers Squibb will acquire Redmond Products Inc for undisclosed terms (S)
Microsoft Network works out some glitches that recently prevented prospective members from signing and deterred existing members from upgrading their on-line service and checking their accounts (S)
Frank Lanza, founder and chief executive of L-3 Communications, one of US's largest military contractors, dies at age 74, setting off speculation over company's future; board meets but names no successor; shares of company rise as many on Wall Street surmise that company might become vulnerable to takeover without Lanza; photo (M)
For instance, since Jan. 9 shares of Intel had risen 31 percent before yesterday's decline, while shares of Dell Computer had jumped 68 percent.
Several hours later, Ford Motor said it, too, would begin selling most of its vehicles at the reduced employee rate.
The tapes were backup files maintained by a data management firm, Iron Mountain Inc., based in Boston.
Microsoft makes no money from its Reader software but receives an undisclosed ''single digit'' commission on the sale of electronic books for its software format.
UBS Warburg, a division of the Swiss banking giant UBS A.G., took another step toward raising the profile of its United States investment banking business yesterday, hiring a key executive from Morgan Stanley.
Moving up are Guerrino De Luca, previously the head of Apple's successful Claris software unit, who will now be in charge of all worldwide marketing, and George Scalise, Apple's chief administrative officer, who will now also lead operations.
IBM is introducing lines of data center computers based on its new Power 5 microprocessor, and industry analysts say products will put futher pressure on its rivals Sun Microsystems and Hewlett-Packard (M)
In granting a preliminary injunction sought by Sun, the judge forced Microsoft to confront what would be perhaps the most intrusive penalty yet to stem from court rulings that it broke federal antitrust laws.
Thus, users of Microsoft's new instant message system can communicate only with each other and not with the far larger number of instant messengers on America Online's networks.
Richard Whittington, an analyst with Caris & Co., said in a report last week that the new technology had the potential to help Intel win back some major ground in its biggest market, chips for desktop computers.
Since the drug's introduction in 1999, Pfizer has been in a marketing partnership to sell Celebrex with Pharmacia, which discovered the drug.
Not surprisingly, Josh Herst, Microsoft's group product manager for Passport, is quick to dismiss any suggestion that the arrangement could pose security problems.
Mr. Abramowitz said Aetna would have to raise its rates by 12 percent or more next year to fix its problems, even if resistance to the increase by customers stalled the growth of its membership.
As chief executive, he was responsible for making General Mills one of the first large manufacturers to pay attention to what consumers thought of its products.
Competing drug benefit managers and other critics have accused Medco of favoring Merck products like Zocor, the cholesterol treatment, over other companies' lower-price drugs.
All of Cintas's new ventures involve a common theme: delivering a service using a truck.
Microsoft said yesterday that it was issuing a software patch for a troubling security flaw in its Windows NT 4.0 and Windows 2000 server operating system programs.
Microsoft's growth taught many investors that technology could be enormously profitable.
In some offices, Winquote, Microsoft's securities monitoring technology, also displayed the ups and downs of the company's shares -- and thus the value of employees' stock options.
had given a Liberty spinoff its tax-free blessing and that AT&T still intended to go ahead with the deal.
But within hours of announcing that deal, Pfizer, the maker of Viagra and other drugs, began its own $80 billion hostile bid, an uncharacteristic move that rocked the usually genteel pharmaceutical industry and was rebuffed by Warner-Lambert.
In the newly created position, Mr. Coleman will be responsible for sales, marketing and client service, as well as Yahoo's consumer and programming initiatives.
''The move underscores the simplification process: Mr. Murdoch's drive to make News Corporation a simpler and more shareholder-friendly U.S. company,'' said Mario Gabelli, chief investment officer of Gabelli Asset Management, whose fund owns shares of both News Corporation and Fox Entertainment.
because it was clearly noted in the original contract, which was approved by Steve Lew, manager for systems integration at IBM Latin America, who reviews the technical details of all contracts.
''Starbucks can put a Kozmo logo on coffee cups that 10 million customers a week will buy,'' Mr. Vroom said.
Correction of Sept 24 article on Bank of America's conversion of Fleet branches in New York, regarding rankings of all bank branches in New York area
AT&T Cultural Foundation invites 68 of country's better-known theater companies to submit new play or musical in annual contest called AT&T OnStage and, after winnowing process, selects seven companies for grants of up to $85,000 to help put plays into production; Cleveland Play House is one of companies invited and wins grant for its entry, Bright Ideas, dark comedy by Eric Coble; photos (M) (Special section, Giving)
After Christmas, the International Business Machines Corporation will sell its Aptiva line of consumer desktop computers only on the World Wide Web.
Later this year, a Marriott executive is to make a presentation at the University of Michigan, where researchers are analyzing Marriott's move to waive co-payments for generic drugs related to heart disease, diabetes and asthma.
Sean McManus, the new president of CBS News, said here Wednesday that he expected to name a new anchor for ''CBS Evening News'' within a year; that it would be a solo anchor, not a team; and that the person he selected would come from outside CBS News.
Xerox may also farm out many of its manufacturing operations, a move that would enable it to sell some huge plants -- including its mainstay plant in Webster, N.Y.
''If you are an investor in Yahoo, you have to take it for what it is,'' he said.
But on McDonald's home turf, he is a relative unknown.
''I perceive and look at Zocor as a competitor,'' said Adam H. Schechter, general manager of Merck/Schering-Plough Pharmaceuticals, the equally owned venture that will sell Vytorin.
WHAT -- Earlier this spring, ''what'' was exactly what Microsoft wanted people to buzz about.
Safa Rashtchy, an analyst with Piper Jaffray, estimates that this paid-inclusion program will produce $100 million a year in revenue for Yahoo.
And Xerox has told customers that it will include some more rigorous terms and conditions in future leases, which could make finance companies more eager to hold the paper on those leases.
When the News Corporation's directors announced the pill last October, they said they had a policy allowing them to keep the pill in place for no more than a year without either letting it expire or putting it to a shareholder vote.
Morgan Stanley had intended to syndicate the bank loan to other institutions, but it was not able to do so, and says it lost $300 million on the deal.
Mr. Dooner's re-election to the Interpublic board was one of the three instances of significant shareholder dissension from management.
John M O'Quinn, high-flying lawyer who played central role in turning plaintiffs' lawsuits involving silicone breast implants into a flourishing cottage industry, may face prickly set of problems over operation of his tax-exempt private foundation; over last four years, public documents and interviews indicate, foundation funds were used to underwrite college educations of two children of expert witness, T Gerald Treece, who testified on fee O'Quinn deserved for his work on breast implant case involving Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing Co; O'Quinn has asserted allegations against him are the work of corporate adversaries like Dow Corning, implant maker that plantiffs' lawyers like O'Quinn helped drive into bankruptcy; Federal tax rules bar use of a foundation's assets for benefit of a trustee or other insider; Treece insists that funds given by the foundation to Pepperdine University were for general scholarships, not earmarked to pay tuition for his son and daughter; photo (L)
Finally, if medical claims turn out to exceed Prucare's reserves in the first nine months, Aetna will charge the excess to Prudential.
Amazon Prime gives subscribers unlimited two-day shipping for a fee of $79 a year.
They include a list of corporate perks including lifetime use of a palatial Manhattan apartment complete with wine, flowers, cook, housekeeper and other amenities, as well as access to General Electric's Boeing 737 jets, helicopters and a car and driver for Mr. Welch and his wife.
Abbott dropped 12 cents, to $41.07, after agreeing to help Boston Scientific by buying $1.4 billion of Boston Scientific shares; increasing the price it will pay for two of Guidant's divisions by $300 million, to $4.1 billion; and raising the amount it will lend to Boston Scientific $200 million, to $900 million.
Time Warner's cable systems cross the nation, but New York City appears set to become a prime battleground.
Just 70,000 of Verizon's 42 million subscribers have signed up for its high-speed data service.
Microsoft's rivals hope that, having had Microsoft declared a monopolist, the Justice Department can still establish restrictions that will foster competition.
Whole Foods declined to comment on the lawsuit, but Kate Lowery, a company spokeswoman, confirmed its ultimatum to Grimaud.
For premium-service seats, the top five domestic carriers were Hawaiian Airlines, Alaska Airlines, Continental Airlines, American Airlines and United Airlines.
At the J. Walter Thompson Company in New York, part of the WPP Group, Roger Rowe was named executive vice president and worldwide creative director for the Warner-Lambert consumer group account, now part of Pfizer.
Citigroup said in a statement that was wrong, and that the company was dedicated ''to implementing enhanced practices, procedures and compliance not only within former Associates operations but throughout our entire consumer finance business.''
This year, Starbucks expects its sales per store to drop by 6 percent, to about $1.3 million.
The seventh man to lead Boeing in its 80 years, Mr. Condit is known inside and outside the company for his exuberance, energy and a willingness to make big decisions.
Microsoft's campaign succeeded in preventing -- for several years, and perhaps permanently -- Navigator and Java from fulfilling their potential to open the market for Intel-compatible PC operating systems to competition on the merits.
A spokesman for Microsoft, Rick Miller, said, ''The claims are totally unfounded.''
Some analysts said Pfizer would probably close Warner-Lambert's headquarters in Morris Plains, N.J., and cut other jobs from the company's confectionary or manufacturing divisions.
The course of the Intel campaign will be particularly important for two other companies -- Hewlett-Packard, which jointly developed the Itanium chip with Intel, and Sun Microsystems, the company with the most to lose if the Itanium technology prevails.
''We remain fully committed to Harmony and to giving millions of consumers who own portable music devices, including the Apple iPod, choice and compatibility,'' RealNetworks said.
McDonald's executives said it was too early to discuss any other pending changes within senior management.
General Motors Corp will combine its domestic and international automotive operations; company is expected to announce shakeup on Oct 6; combined automotive operations will be led by G Richard Wagoner Jr,, president of North American operations, who is expected to become GM's chief operating officer and possibly its president; this would make him likely successor to John F Smith Jr, GM's chairman, chief executive and president; Wagoner has been unable to reverse erosion of GM's market share in North America since he took post four years ago; GM's domestic and foreign design engineers have been collaborating for years on new sedan design that would be manufactured worldwide; consolidation of management responsibility at top would partly reflect this new effort (M)
Exxon Mobil projected only 3 percent growth this year, and Royal Dutch/ Shell, 5 percent.
''One of the key things in connection with VeriSign's mass-marketing activities, and similar actions by other companies, is how did they get the data?''
Mr. Lubars and Apple executives said, however, that the review involved only the domestic duties, though they differed on the billings; Mr. Lubars estimated them at $45 million.
Microsoft said in a statement that it was ''building Windows Vista to provide the most secure personal computing environment and to provide unprecedented opportunities for other companies throughout the industry.''
Andrew Pelletier, a spokesman for Wal-Mart Canada, said the company was surprised by the decision.
's redesign focused not just on the ''Shop I.B.M.''
Microsoft, in contrast, has made no secret of wanting to establish the Windows 95 and Windows NT operating systems as the dominant platforms for the Internet era, displacing such rivals as Unix, the Macintosh OS and the OS/2 by I.B.M.
Apple has also added a feature that Mr. Joswiak said is unique to the cordless mouse world: an on-off switch.
Record number of mergers of large companies in 1998 raises concerns at many arts organizations and other nonprofit groups that they face decline in corporate donations; several of merging companies say they will maintain their contributions, but recipient organizations fear that corporate giving will change because of shifts in corporate philosphy, overlapping contributions among newly merged companies or the closing of headquarters in cities where a merged partner has long had a presence; some local arts groups say that even loss of a modest grant could be detrimental because contributions from blue-chip companies serve as marks of an organization's value to other potential donors; chart shows Exxon Corp's arts donations in Texas, and elsewhere; photo of Exxon and Mobil corporate logos (L)
''It does have huge financial implications for them,'' said Emme P. Kozloff, a retail analyst with Sanford C. Bernstein, who reduced her price target for Wal-Mart's stock by 20 percent as a result.
Martin Borghetto, an aviation analyst with Morgan Stanley in London, said the agreement was ''a first step in the right direction'' to creating a single aviation market for the European Union.
In a surprising courtroom demonstration on Friday, Judge Jackson, armed with no more than a layman's grasp of personal computers, erased Microsoft's Internet Explorer browser from the screen of a new machine running Windows -- apparently doing in a few minutes what Microsoft insisted its legions of programming wizards back at the corporate campus in Redmond, Wash., could not accomplish.
I.B.M., not surprisingly, wants a ''balanced'' intellectual property policy intended to maintain incentives for inventors and to foster open technical standards so collaboration can flourish.
But Ms. Toben said Verizon was not selling assets with such an acquisition in mind.
American International Group, the insurance giant under scrutiny for using transactions to improve its financial condition, has uncovered at least $1 billion more in accounting problems, people briefed on the company's investigation said yesterday.
On the West Coast, United Airlines decided two years ago that to hang onto its business travelers in the face of competition from low-cost Southwest Airlines, it had to go beyond saturation scheduling and create a true shuttle.
They said that Kodak will earn $200 million to $300 million from its growing portfolio of digital products in 2007.
Profit at Xerox Fell 11% in Third Quarter
London Electricity said yesterday that it would not comment on a report that the Entergy Corporation of New Orleans was planning a takeover bid of $:1.2 billion ($2 billion).
He has also shown impatience with Microsoft's long and often tedious cross-examination of Government witnesses.
Mr. Black argues that before and during World War II, I.B.M.
Retail sales in November, including bellwether Thanksgiving weekend, failed to rise to analysts' expectations, suggesting Christmas season may not be as good as some retailers hoped month or two ago; season still looks upbeat for luxury retailers; Wal-Mart reports 3.9 percent increase in sales at stores that have been open for at least year, figure in line with company forecasts; Kohl's says same-store sales fell 4.4 percent, more than 3.1 percent predicted by analysts; Sears, Roebuck says sales were down 3.6 percent; analysts anticipated 1 percent increase; high-end department stores like Saks, Neiman Marcus and Nordstrom fared better, as did Target, which says sales rose 6.2 percent; graph (M)
To match the services of competitors, though, Amazon would likely have to open distribution centers throughout the United States -- a strategy it has largely eschewed since early 2001, when it began shutting huge warehouses filled with goods it owned and started relying more on retailers and distributors to ship products on its behalf.
A.T.& T. cited the persistent recession both in the national economy and the computer business.
Alluding to Microsoft's long and bitter struggle against antitrust regulators, Mr. Smith said that its cooperation with the Federal Trade Commission in this case represented ''a more constructive public dialogue with government.''
International Business Machines Corp will buy PricewaterhouseCoopers' consulting unit for $3.5 billion in move that will speed IBM's shift from selling just computers and software toward future of providing information technology to corporate customers as utility-like service; PricewaterhouseCoopers, which has been exploring ways to spin off unit for two years, drops earlier plan to sell shares in consulting firm to public; planned sale leaves just one big accounting firm, Deloitte & Touche, with large consulting operation, which Deloitte plans to spin off by end of year; photo (M)
''If you slapped the Yahoo logo on the Google results, a lot of people wouldn't know the difference,'' Mr. Sullivan said.
Marriott also pointed out that in the lean years, the company deferred many of the management fees the partnerships were supposed to pay.
Johnson & Johnson was not talking yesterday, but some analysts say the company's tough bargaining last fall resulted not only in the company's losing Guidant, but a certain amount of corporate luster as well.
When he was at Microsoft, Mr. Silverberg favored making the company's Internet Explorer browser compatible with all computers, not just those running Windows.
But the states have suggested that Microsoft already makes a modular version of the operating system in Windows XP Embedded, currently licensed only for use on special-purpose devices.
Ford Motor's Legs Are Wobbly Under Finance Unit's Debt Load
Intel has engaged Advanced Micro in a price war in the desktop chip market, even as it extends its lead in clock speed.
Emboldened by a rise in global chip prices, Hynix Semiconductor, the large maker of memory chips, said Tuesday that it had ended talks to sell its nonmemory assets to a Citigroup unit.
From the rooftop terrace of the soon-to-open Courtyard by Marriott -- the first new hotel built downtown here in three decades -- a visitor can see the expansive waterfront, which is now a thriving arts and cultural center.
The recent introduction of the American Express blue card, which comes with an embedded computer chip, is an example of both efforts.
The advantage, of course, is that games written for the Dreamcast system will be much easier to adapt for use on personal computers than those written for any other console, said Harel Kodesh, general manager of the consumer appliance group at Microsoft.
It has annual  sales of about $300 million, less than 1 percent of the $75 billion in 1994 sales for AT&T.
His laptop bag for Target ($14.99) comes with oodles of pockets and zippers and in four duotone color combinations.
On a strict market-value basis AOL actually overpaid for Time Warner -- that is, its share of the merged company is less than its share of the pre-deal stock valuations.
The Federal Aviation Administration also sent inspectors to locations throughout Taesa's system.
But the commission evidently did not object to accounting arrangements that softened the impact on earnings after Aetna bought Prudential Healthcare last summer.
Does that mean that Amazon is losing market share?
Microsoft lawyers conducted today's deposition, and their questions suggested that I.B.M.
I.B.M.
Circumstances beyond Intel's control -- a sharp drop in demand for personal computers, turmoil in Asian economies, a sharp increase in competition from other chip makers -- pose serious threats to Intel's hegemony and to its shares.
A Misinterpretation Of a Buffett Filing Stings Wells Fargo
Worse case, you could see something develop like what McDonald's Japan is battling.''
The Softbank Corporation, trying to meet its debt payments and to expand its broadband business, sold part of its stakes in Yahoo and UTStarcom Inc. Softbank sold 5 percent of both companies, leaving it with 9 percent of Yahoo, the American Internet search company, and 26 percent of UTStarcom, a telecommunications equipment maker.
The price, which Mr. Jobs announced yesterday in his keynote speech at the Apple Expo in Paris, may come as a surprise to those hoping to download the code free from the Web.
It is unclear whether any of Verizon's regional telephone peers will make similar efforts.
FEDEX EXPANDS IN CHINA -- Underscoring the sharp growth in demand for business travel and cargo services in China, FedEx Express said yesterday that it would add 12 weekly flights to the 11 it currently operates to Beijing, Shanghai and Shenzhen.
Employers are beginning to call for ways to deal with problem of uninsured with rising health costs squeezing profits, and growing number of people without insurance pushing costs even higher; some executives and benefits specialists have come to realize that 41 million Americans without insurance are costing them money as hospitals and doctors raise rates to cover cost of such care; employers and managed care companies paid $1.5 billion to $3 billion through higher rates to cover part of $24 billion hospitals spent caring for patients who could not pay their bills in 2001; survey by researchers at Kaiser Family Foundation and Harvard School of Public Health finds number of people who say they are 'very worried' about rising health costs has risen sharply in last 14 months; WellChoice chief executive Michael A Stocker and Bruce E Bradley, director of health plan strategy at General Motors, comment; photos (M)
Time Warner Inc chairman Gerald M Levin names Barry M Meyer chairman and chief executive and Alan Horn president and chief operating officer of Warner Brothers studio; they replace Robert A Daly and Terry Semel, who will retire (M)
Frank Quattrone, head of DMG Technology Group, technology arm of Deutsche Bank AG, denies rumors that he is shopping around his group to Goldman, Sachs, Union Bank of Switzerland and Credit Suisse First Boston; Quattrone squelches another rumor that Deutsche Bank has forced him to renegotiate his lucrative contract; Quattrone, who left Morgan Stanley Dean Witter two years ago, promised then that with his considerable talents and German bank's capital, DMG Technology would become pre-eminent technology bank, knocking Morgan Stanley and Goldman, Sachs, & Co out of their top spots; while DMG Technology ranked fifth in technology mergers and acquisitions last year, it has not supplanted either of two most powerful contenders (L)
The Justice Department also had difficulty responding to the possibility that computer operating systems by their nature might have to be standardized, and that therefore a monopoly was inevitable -- that if a monopoly was not Microsoft's, it would be someone else's.
The message is less about selling telecommunications services than it is to show that AT&T is a huge company.
Wal-Mart's fiscal year, like many retailers, ran to the end of January.
official faulted his agency's performance in overseeing Alaska Airlines before the crash of one of its MD-80 jets in January, and said that F.A.A.
Prominent auto industry see gloom around General Motors Corp and Ford Motor Co, last of independent automobile companies; Merrill Lynch analyst John Casesa says without 'material change' in industry's business model, GM and Ford face crisis that 'will involve restructuring, consolidation, or possibly even mergers with other partners'; Goldman Sachs analyst Gary Lapidus says status quo may be untenable, while credit rating agency Egan-Jones says Ford would be bankrupt if not for its blue-chip brand name; latest sign of economic trouble comes from Ford, which says it will cut second-quarter production 17 percent; war worries appear to be halting years of booming North American sales; rising gas prices are also wearing on Detroit's SUV sales; graph; photo (M)
Goldman's trading revenue slumped 34 percent in the most recent three months compared with the previous quarter, while Morgan Stanley said its debt-trading revenue slipped 16 percent and equity-trading revenue dropped 41 percent.
In addition, Merck will soon face low-price generic competition in the United States on Zocor, a cholesterol-lowering drug that is its best-selling medicine, with $3.3 billion in sales so far this year.
The results were presented at the San Antonio conference, which added a special session at the last minute as Merck hurried to get the data ready.
On Monday, Honeywell's board reaffirmed its commitment to the deal.
Johnson & Johnson division that sells Tylenol line of pain relievers dismisses brand's US creative ad agency of 28 years, Saatchi & Saatchi, by eliminating agency from review for assignment; billings estimated at $115 million (S)
Unlike investors in some other partnerships, the Marriott investors have not actually lost their capital.
Significantly, it would remain a partner with General Dynamics in the construction of nuclear submarines.
Over the years, Microsoft has often been portrayed by its rivals and critics as a greedy giant, trying to bundle all kinds of products into Windows and stifling consumer choice.
Microsoft says it plans to change way it distributes its flagship Windows XP operating system software, in response to malicious software 'worm' that has spread over Internet in recent days attacking tens of thousands of personal computers by exploiting vulnerabilities in Windows; dissemination of worm slows as network administrators and individual computer users around world take steps to protect their machines, even as Microsoft's critics step up their complaints that company's software puts its customers at risk of such outbreaks; Microsoft says it will begin shipping consumer and business versions of Windows XP with protective network firewall completely activated, to make personal computers less vulnerable to attacks (M)
The Intel Corporation said on Thursday that it was canceling its plans to market a faster version of its Pentium 4 chip for personal computers to focus on products with ''more bang for the buck.''
Motorola is also developing a separate satellite network, known as Iridium, for providing mobile telephone and paging services anywhere on the globe.
Moreover, in recent years the growing perception in Silicon Valley has been that Interval is not able to make the kinds of big breakthroughs that were the trademark of Xerox's  PARC in the 1970's and of SRI International in the previous decade.
After its own investigation late last year, Apple acknowledged improper dating of options grants to Steven P. Jobs, its chief executive, and others.
's use of its compulsory powers mean that PC makers, who depend heavily on Intel, must comply with the Government requests for information -- mainly covering the years from 1994, but for some inquiries going back to 1992.
A dollar invested in Commercial Credit that year would have been worth $29.58 in Citigroup stock at the end of 2003, she said.
Louis V. Gerstner Jr., I.B.M.
Comment on performasnce of General Electric in 2000 and outlook for 2001; appointment of Jeffrey R Immelt to succeed John F Welch Jr noted (Special section); photo (S)
In the current case, the appeals court found that Microsoft had illegally maintained its Windows operating system monopoly by engaging in a number of tactics designed to crush the rival Netscape Navigator browser, which could have become a threat to Windows.
Professor Farber said VeriSign's service was akin to running a dead- letter office for profit.
Staples, office supply retailer, unexpectedly places in review its television creative account that has been handled by Martin/Williams (M)
But executives of both companies said that toward the end of the deal, Dell's purchases from I.B.M.
In fact, Microsoft's interest in cracking the consumer electronics market is adding to the strains in the Wintel alliance, as the software maker quietly but actively courts new would-be competitors of Intel.
The deal, which Nippon valued at $1 billion based on the engine's list price, is a setback for General Electric, which was competing to supply engines for the 7E7, a medium-range jet.
Dragonflies also appealed to Tiffany's French rival, Rene Lalique.
In a letter to Citigroup Monday, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York said the bank had made ''significant progress'' in improving its compliance and risk management programs, leading the regulator to remove a March 2005 order discouraging major acquisitions.
Diane Zoi, director of Amazon's Advantage programs, said that there had been several hundred applications since the service was announced on July 8.
That may help explain why Day 2 of the America Online-Time Warner deal sent stock prices of both companies tumbling, with each down $5 or more a share.
Advertising Age also mentioned the TBWA Chiat/Day unit of Omnicom in Venice, Calif. That shop is the successor to Chiat/Day, which created the spectacular, successful spot for Apple titled ''1984'' but stumbled the next year with a dour commercial called ''Lemmings'' and lost Apple to BBDO West in 1986.
From the first day it acquired Travelers, Citigroup has flaunted the umbrella logo.
Shares of Kodak declined 25 cents, to $73.
Apple said 28 percent of the consumer-oriented iMacs sold in the quarter went to first-time computer buyers, and 17 percent to buyers converting from Windows-based machines.
If MCI's board decides that Qwest's new bid is superior to Verizon's offer, Verizon will be given time to respond.
Then an American jury ruled that Microsoft had failed to pay another MP3 patent holder, and slapped it with a $1.52 billion judgment.
MSN Explorer has a new look-and-feel, or user interface, he said, based on an internal Microsoft effort code-named Mars, which will also guide design of other Microsoft products.
Apple's new movies are delivered in a higher-resolution format than the television shows it now sells.
Apple Computer is seeking to burnish its results by finding a new agency for its domestic account.
Yet in the online business, Microsoft is in the unfamiliar position of playing David to America Online's Goliath.
Companies like Wal-Mart, Microsoft, Philips Electronics, Home Depot and Hewlett-Packard hired eBay in May to develop an online marketplace where they can buy offline ads.
''We've pretty much abandoned our plans to buy a house,'' Ms. Firestone said as the couple ushered their three children into a Wal-Mart store here in this classic midsize American city with a mix of basic industries and white-collar services.
Mr. Granetz, who advised General Electric on its acquisition of Vivendi Universal's entertainment assets last fall, will succeed Donald Meltzer and George Boutros, who had jointly run the group.
The quarter will also reflect increased losses from Motorola's communications satellite venture, Iridium, and increased costs associated with the development of flat panel video displays, the company said.
Leaders of computing industry say that Justice Department's decision to abandon its effort to break up Microsoft Corp will leave company little constrained by any resulting restrictions; Microsoft's rivals hope that, having had Microsoft declared monopolist, department can still establish restrictions that will foster competition (M)
The card will be issued by the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, a government-owned commercial bank, and customers will be able to pay for transactions in either Chinese currency or United States dollars, said Kenneth I. Chenault, the chairman and chief executive of American Express.
There had been speculation that such a post might be created after recent discussions by Mr. Dooner and the Interpublic board about trying to bolster Interpublic's operational and financial systems and controls.
''Finally, Xerox has lost its disastrous not-invented-here syndrome,'' said B. Alexander Henderson, an analyst with Prudential Securities.
But he said Sun had no immediate plans to try to compete with Microsoft for the heart of its user base: white-collar workers and managers.
It is believed that Oracle made the higher offer for PeopleSoft now to get more speculators to buy PeopleSoft shares in the next few days so that they can be in a position to influence the vote.
If consumers balk at spending more for the extra convenience, they are unlikely to buy as many of Motorola's high-end phones, said Edward Snyder, an analyst with Charter Equity Research, who has a buy rating on the stock.
On Friday, Coca-Cola's shares closed at $58.50, down 43.75 cents, on the New York Stock Exchange.
Since the value of the euro fell in the quarter, Amazon will need fewer dollars to repay the debt, and the accountants forced the company to record a gain.
But this time, Amazon is discounting the book by about 40 percent and barely broke even on it, Amazon's chief financial officer, Tom Szkutak, told investors on a conference call.
Dow Jones announces it is dropping AT&T, Eastman Kodak and International Paper from its list of 30 industrial stocks, and adding Pfizer, American International Group and Verizon Communications; last time Dow was changed was on Nov 1, 1999; graph (M)
President Set to Step Down at Microsoft
Wayport's plan for profitability envisions forming alliances with large phone companies like Verizon and AT&T that might bundle Wayport into their own networks or sign roaming agreements to share customers, said Daniel J. Lowden, the company's vice president for marketing.
On the matter of a lawsuit brought by Ronald O. Perelman over Morgan Stanley's role in the collapse of Sunbeam, it asked whether the case could have been settled for far less than the $360 million that Morgan Stanley has already put aside.
A.T.& T. Discount
In AT&T's cable television business, which the company intends to sell to Comcast, AT&T said revenue grew 9.8 percent in the quarter.
Chevron said its ad was shown earlier in other countries and broadcast as part of a worldwide campaign to encourage debate about energy issues.
Vivismo plans to start Clusty, free, Internet consumer search service based on results from Yahoo's Overture engine; already offers search service for corporate customers, which clusters results into categories to make them easier to sort through; Clusty, which will be supported by advertising revenue, uses similar organizational structure; also presents series of tabs enabling user to see results from sources besides general Web; many search experts say clustering offers better way of looking at data than Google's page-ranking system (M)
George Bodenheimer, president of ESPN and ABC Sports, said the agreement, which surprised analysts, who were not expecting it so soon, was not driven by the recent bid from Comcast.
Q. I want to buy a new iMac now, but was wondering if I should wait until the new Intel-based versions appear.
That would let AOL regain sole control of HBO and Warner Brothers and part with AT&T without using any cash.
Can Yahoo find the ground it lost in the search business?
Account Review Is Set For Coke's Powerade
By 1989, Mr. Ivester was heading Coca-Cola's operations in Europe, just in time for the fall of the Berlin Wall and the company's push into Eastern Europe with $450 million in investments.
Microsoft bristles at being cast as a laggard.
Investors seemed pleased with the promotion, sending Xerox's stock up 41 cents, to $8.
The European Commission went on the offensive today in its antitrust case against Microsoft, saying in a preliminary ruling that the company continues to abuse its dominance in operating systems.
General Mills has also extended its product lines with Frosted Cheerios and Honey Nut Cheerios as well as Go-Gurt, a squeezable tubed yogurt product designed for children.
The ARCO and Time Warner cases have not been resolved.
Wal-Mart also completed a study of Seiyu's operations and will work with the Japanese company to improve procurement, store design and supply chain management.
For example, the forecast for Cisco's earnings has dropped 82 percent since last fall while the company's stock is down about two-thirds.
Initially, the three retailers were slow to react after Wal-Mart barreled into an industry that had been characterized by genteel rivalry among four companies founded by Spanish immigrant families.
Bruce Kelley has joined one agency unit of the Partnership division of Interpublic after leaving another.
They ruled that Judge Jackson was wrong on the law when he ordered Microsoft to immediately unbundle its Windows operating system and its Internet Explorer Web browser.
I.B.M.
But the mystery of what they were up to did not become clear until yesterday: Mr. Hammonds and his colleagues, who returned to work and a series of marathon conference calls only 24 hours after the accident, were scrambling to sell their company, ultimately reaching a deal with Bank of America for $35 billion.
In the Nike campaign, the curly-haired Stiller portrays Lombardi's ghost materializing in today's National Football League, wearing a fedora, long stadium coat and Packers turtleneck and sweater.
In a move that underscores the growing importance of film and television programming at the News Corporation, the company yesterday promoted Peter Chernin, the chairman of the 20th Century Fox unit, to the newly created position of president of the News Corporation.
''I was one of the penguins,'' said Derek L. Brown, an analyst with Pacific Growth Equities who downgraded Netflix from ''overweight'' to ''equal weight.''
A federal court yesterday ordered the Vonage Holdings Corporation, the Internet phone provider, to pay $58 million for infringing Verizon's patents, dealing a blow to a company already showing signs of stress.
Apple has also increased its cash hoard to $4.52 billion.
Shares of eBay fell nearly 12 percent, as much as $12, in after-hours trading on Wednesday because its quarterly earnings missed Wall Street's expectations by a penny a share -- this despite profits that were up 44 percent.
Marty Markowitz, the Brooklyn borough president, lobbied Allstate officials last month to retain policyholders.
Comcast is set to announce details of new 24-hour digital cable channel for preschoolers which will feature PBS programs like Barney and Friends and Bob the Builder and include commercials; some public television station managers worry that deal represents protential threat to essential ingredient of PBS's shows for young children: a commercial-free environment; photos (M)
Insurers, performing similar calculations to those Progressive has made, are likely to make comparable rate adjustments, as Farmers has already done in Pennsylvania.
That opinion, which also ordered Intel to resume supplying technical information to Intergraph, is now on appeal.
The new building gives Merck, which has been expanding rapidly in recent years, its first research laboratory in New England and proximity to several prestigious hospitals and research institutions.
Toyota has not yet passed General Motors to become the world's biggest carmaker, but Robert A. Lutz, G.M.
But she did say that ''the allegations seem similar'' to the ones the computer and communications alliance made against Microsoft in the United States.
I.B.M.
That's what scientists at Xerox Research Center Europe in Grenoble, France, envisioned when they developed mobile document imaging software, which should reach the market later this year.
The 747-8 is even being sold and outfitted by Boeing as a private jet much like Air Force One, which is a 747.
That innovation accompanied the ''Always Coca-Cola'' campaign that the company introduced in February 1993.
Correction:  January 6, 1999, Wednesday  A chart yesterday with an article in the arts pages about fears that corporate mergers will lead to a reduction in total corporate donations misstated the year in which Exxon made the contributions shown.
A.T.& T. BLOCKED FROM McCAW DEAL
In 1949 Mrs. Hoffman became a director of the Bank of America, succeeding her father, A.P.
But under Mr. Amelio, Apple had failed to post improved financial results to the increasing distress of shareholders.
In 2006, McDonald's also rolled out a darker-roast arabica coffee line nationwide, replacing the 60 different blends that the chain used to brew.
Boeing, which normally relishes the missteps of its rival, is trying to avoid taking potshots this time.
Windows XP, Microsoft's newest operating system, now tries to steer users toward Media Player when they try to use the RealNetworks program, Mr. Richards said.
In addition to absorbing McDonnell Douglas, Boeing bought Rockwell International's aerospace and military business for $3.2 billion last year, acquisitions requiring a lot of management attention.
Strong Credit Card Portfolio Helps Spur Citigroup Profit
Yesterday, Qwest was close to a partnership worth as much as $1 billion with Cisco Systems Inc., the leading maker of data communications gear.
Former Qwest Executive Will Head Consumer Unit at AT&T
Without a cash component, Microsoft was sought out to give G.M.
Wal-Mart also plans to include the scholarship students at next year's annual shareholder meeting, Ms. Williams said.
''This is a good time for Oracle to have this happen,'' Roger McNamee, a director of Integral Capital Partners in Menlo Park, Calif., said of Mr. Lane's resignation.
Xerox shares closed at $9.70, down 24 cents.
The case began in 2001 with Medtronic suing Dr. Michelson over obligations under contracts in the early 1990's covering the licensing and sale of his inventions to Sofamor Danek, based in Memphis.
At that time, when many big corporations were being assailed politically and in the news media over a wave of downsizings, Aetna's chairman, Ronald E. Compton, suggested that the number of jobs lost in the merger would probably be minimal, though he allowed that ''as we streamline, there are bound to be some.''
Motorola Inc. warned late today that earnings during the current quarter would fall well below Wall Street's expectations, another jolt for investors in technology stocks who were already alarmed by the Intel Corporation's similar announcement on Wednesday.
But most important, Humana and United Healthcare would have had a significant advantage in controlling costs.
But on Wednesday, the Intel Corporation plans to announce a technology breakthrough that throws Moore's Law out the window.
Coke might have missed its goals altogether, analysts argued, without the unexpectedly high income it earned off investments or the lower taxes it expects to pay on its global operations.
Yahoo's difficulty in gaining traction in social networking is especially troublesome for the company, because it has made a big bet that contributions from users would help differentiate its offerings from those of Google.
''Out on the Internet, there is a lot of mudslinging going on,'' Holly Campbell, a spokeswoman for Adobe, said.
Group of Western investors, including Wilbur L Ross, a specialist in corporate rescues, and the American International Group, plan to increase their investment in three financial affiliates of the Hyundai Group to $1 billion so as to gain a firmer hold on Hyundai Securities, South Korea's largest brokerage house (M)
Mr. Greenwald, who kept ''Outfoxed'' secret from the Fox network until just before its release, said he had kept his Wal-Mart project under wraps until now, and would not reveal details about his project until it is finished in a few months, lest Wal-Mart try to interfere through litigation or by intimidating workers from cooperating.
At Microsoft, researchers are working on the idea of ''predestination.''
These creations extend a long list of sites that include Yahooligans, for children, and regional sites like Yahoo Boston and Yahoo Japan.
Unexpected death of United Auto Workers vice president Jack Laskowski on Aug 8, apparently of heart attack, makes it likely that Ford Motor Co will be lead company in labor negotiations covering auto industry's 405,000 blue-collar workers; Laskowski led labor team negotiating with DaimlerChrysler AG; three-year labor contracts with DaimlerChrysler, Ford and General Motors Corp expire on Sept 14 (M)
In 1951, the company changed its name to Texas Instruments, retaining the Geophysical Service name for a subsidiary.
I.B.M.
Tom Higgins, a senior vice president of Edison International, the parent company of Southern California Edison, said a bankruptcy would be disruptive for customers and for the state's economy.
Nike, which gives $1 from each sale of its 10/2 products to Armstrong's foundation, has a marketing model in Jordan, whose products are still successful.
Analysis of corporate armistice between Microsoft and AOL Time Warner in light of Microsoft's accord to pay AOL $750 million to settle antitrust suit; focuses on provision that will let AOL license Microsoft's Windows Media software and key role such software will play in digital media (M)
The institute says Microsoft has a subscription to the Independent Review but does not contribute money to the organization.
At least three of them would be Microsoft offerings.
''This smoking gun turns out to be a water pistol,'' said Mark Murray, a Microsoft spokesman.
The battle between two of the top gold mining companies in North America continued yesterday as the Newmont Mining Corporation raised its offer for the Santa Fe Pacific Gold Corporation to $2.15 billion in an attempt to break up the merger agreement between Santa Fe and the Homestake Mining Company.
During the call, Motorola officials stressed that earnings would be hurt in the next few quarters by its heavy investments in new technology, especially flat-panel displays and the Iridium satellite system for worldwide wireless communications.
MySpace, which was purchased by the News Corporation in July, is aggressively trying to move into overseas markets, and is expected to announce today that it is expanding into Japan in a possible joint venture.
AngloGold adds cash component to its stock-based takeover offer for Normandy Mining, lifting value by $231 million, to $1.9 billion, and topping offer of Newmont Mining Corp (S)
''Plaintiffs have not shown by a preponderance of the evidence that the merger of Oracle and PeopleSoft is likely to substantially lessen competition in a relevant product and geographic market,'' he wrote in a 164-page ruling.
In meetings with several hundred other past and present Coke employees, Mr. Phillips said, a similar sentiment has emerged: ''They feel like we've been had.''
Apple introduced point-and-click graphical computing with the Macintosh in 1984, but Microsoft caught up and became dominant on the desktop with Windows.
But that is not the case at Viacom -- which owns media properties including MTV, Paramount Pictures and DreamWorks -- says Sumner M. Redstone, the company's billionaire chairman.
Electronic Arts previews new video game based on The Godfather book and movies; actors James Caan and Robert Duvall reprise several of their famous conversations from movie in game; photo (M)
Christopher Ma, named last week as a vice president of the Washington Post Company in charge of business development, agreed that ''the AOL-Time Warner deal really underscores in a dramatic way that, even as big as AOL and Time Warner are separately, neither felt that they had all the pieces necessary to get the job done.''
''We now think it's legitimate to openly question whether Merck is adequately disclosing all the information that investors need.''
Unfortunately for Kodak, it has also spawned new competitors.
Citigroup set up paper companies, the first in August 2000 and three more in May 2001, that offered five-year notes.
Two of the campaigns, for Gillette and I.B.M., began during Super Bowl XXXVIII on Feb. 1; the third, for Adidas, started four days later.
Coca-Cola Co says second-quarter profits increased 11 percent, largely on strong sales of is noncarbonated drinks; net income rose to $1.36 billion compared with $1.22 billion year earlier; revenue rose 6 percent, to $5.69 billion, from $5.37 billion in quarter year ago; photo (M)
A merger with AT&T would make sense, analysts said yesterday.
Over the last year, Boeing has gained ground against Airbus, thanks to strong orders for its new 787 Dreamliner longhaul jets.
Vaporware -- A Microsoft classic, dating back to at least the early 90's) and now escaped into the world at large.
Analysts said the strategic relationship was the first of a series of deals by Microsoft as it tried to start its Internet initiative, .Net.
In return for a $5 billion stake, AT&T has warily agreed to license a minimum of five million copies of Microsoft's Windows CE operating system and engage in several showcase tryouts of the software, the consumer-electronics version of Microsoft's industry-dominating Windows software for PC's.
Claudette J Sortino letter on Nov 14 article questions Citigroup's stand that Jack B Grubman's upgrade of AT&T stock was not linked to Citigroup chairman Sanford I Weill's aid in getting Grubman's twins into exclusive school; drawing
But that has done little to crack Microsoft's powerful position within the industry.
If a large number of Comcast broadband customers become Rhapsody users, it would be an enormous boon to RealNetworks, which has about 250,000 subscribers for its digital music services.
''The person who should never have taken Vioxx and should have been warned by Merck, the person with multiple risks of cardiac problems, may not make the best client, because it may be harder to prove that Vioxx caused the heart attack,'' said Cynthia Anne Solomon, a lawyer in Mount Pleasant, S.C.
In response to a question as to whether Merck would settle cases, Mr. Frazier said, ''We would look at the facts of the case and make reasonable decisions.''
Johnson & Johnson's original stent revolutionized angioplasty, a procedure that involves threading a catheter through a clogged artery and then inflating a balloon to unblock the vessel.
Frontier, based in Rochester and formerly called the Rochester Telephone Company, has moved from its roots as an independent local phone company to offer an integrated package of communications services.
''After a detailed review of the business of Dow Jones and the evolving competitive environment in which it operates, the family has reached consensus that the mission of Dow Jones may be better accomplished in combination or collaboration with another organization, which may include News Corporation,'' a statement from the family said.
Goodby, widely known for its ''Got Milk'' work, has handled advertising for Nike's F.I.T.
Generally, he said, Priceline's consumers of air tickets, hotel rooms and car rentals are college students, retired people or parents of large families -- ''people who have time they are willing to trade, if they can get deep discounts.''
's well over 130,'' said Douglas Coupland, whose novel ''Microserfs'' satirized Microsoft's geeky culture.
Xerox tried unsuccessfully to commercialize the technology.
Bank of America and J. P. Morgan Chase reported strong second-quarter earnings yesterday as both banks benefited from unusually low credit losses.
And Apple still faces skeptics who say that the company has only a slim chance of reversing the erosion of its markets by Intel-based computers that run Microsoft's Windows operating system.
Ed White, Alaska Airlines' vice president for customer service, said the main benefit of checking in on line would be convenience.
That outcome represents a huge improvement from the gains Abbott could have expected if Johnson & Johnson had acquired Guidant.
Pfizer's bid leaves American Home Products in a potentially vulnerable position.
FleetBoston announces ambitious reorganization strategy, one that intends to refocus company's business on its core commercial and retail banking operations; central to its operations is plan to sell Robertson Stephens, investment bank that specializes in deals for moribund technology industry; FleetBoston's decision to announce planned sale of Robertson Stephens goes against typical advice of any good banker: never publicize sale of company that nobody wants to buy; FleetBoston has aggressively cut jobs at Robertson Stephens over last two years because market rebound, particularly in technology industry, never materialized; FleetBoston hopes to sell firm in next three to six months for as much as $600 million and has hired Goldman Sachs to help drum up interest; BankBoston bought Robertson Stephens for $800 million in 1998 (M)
Indeed, Amgen recently announced that a drug for Parkinson's disease it had highlighted at the analysts' meeting had not worked in a clinical trial.
asked Michael Kuremsky, general manager for the North American skin-care business at Procter & Gamble in Cincinnati, who oversees the Olay and Noxzema product lines.
American International Group says Justice Department is probing its AIG Financial Products Corp unit for possible securities law violations; believes probe involves unit's dealings with PNC Financial Services Group that enabled PNC, bank holding company, to shift $762 million in loans from its balance sheet; PNC agreed last year to pay $115 million in fine and restitution in connection with its accounting practices (M)
In the tradition of some of McDonald's most-revered leaders, Mr. Bell began his career at the age of 15, in the back of a restaurant in Sydney, flipping burgers, mopping floors and making fries.
Siebel Chief Steps Down; I.B.M.
In an early effort to combine banking and brokerage services, Nationsbank started a securities business in 1993 with the firm now known as Morgan Stanley Dean Witter; the brokers worked side by side with the bank's own employees.
In a lengthy e-mail message yesterday morning to Microsoft employees titled ''Bullish About the Future,'' Steven Ballmer, the president and chief executive, expressed unabashed enthusiasm for his company's business prospects.
Several of the moves involve agencies owned by the Interpublic Group of Companies in New York as well as Interpublic itself.
No wonder Boston Scientific prepared for the meeting in the demeanor of public penitence.
If Vice Chancellor Strine refuses, Oracle's next move would be to mount a proxy fight by nominating a slate of candidates to the PeopleSoft board who might be more favorable to the merger.
When Mr. Galvin was promoted to chief executive, Motorola was still counted among the world's top semiconductor manufacturers.
That provided an opportunity for Leslie Moonves, the chief executive of CBS, to seek a solution to one of the biggest problems his network faced: chronic ratings failure by its news division.
Citigroup, which also had a record profit last year, paid Mr. Weill $30 million in cash last year.
Wal-Mart shares rose 43.75  cents, to $43.125, in the United States.
Over the last few years, the main union for retail workers, the United Food and Commercial Workers, has suspended efforts to organize any Wal-Mart stores in the United States, largely because Wal-Mart's counteroffensive makes that so difficult, union officials said.
The CSTV campaign is indicative of the growing importance of March Madness to CBS, which paid $6 billion for rights to the tournament from 2003 through 2014.
Onetime department store building on south side of Union Square in Manhattan that has been vacant for three years is to come back to life in next year with retailers Whole Foods Market, clothing stores Forever 21 and Filene's Basement, and shoe store DSW; building's owner Vornado Realty Trust will spend $46 million on renovations; photo (M)
Christine Bourron is among number of entrepreneurs and artists who are selling art over the Internet; Bourron's company, PaintingsDirect.com, operates Web site (www.paintingsdirect.com) that allows browsers to search art not just by artist or style, but also by price, size, color and by more than 200 keywords; some other sites noted; sudden proliferation of sites has alarmed some people in art world who question not just what protections buyers have but whether what is being offered by some sites can even be called art; however, noted firms such as Sotheby's, in partnership with Amazon.com, is planning to hold auctions on its site by beginning of next year; photos, including Bourron (L)
The drug in development, known as AMG 162, is considered by many analysts to be Amgen's best hope for a hit product, so the results of the trial are expected to be scrutinized by investors as well as doctors.
Kerry Echols, a Netflix user who has the longest personal queue of requested movies on record, at over 1,700 films, says that Netflix's policy is particularly good for saving money during bouts of what he calls ''video guilt.''
While continuing to reject the antitrust findings against it, the Microsoft Corporation today offered a series of narrow restrictions on its behavior that it said would be more appropriate remedies than breaking up the company.
After Exxon bought Mobil in 1999, the merged company, which is based in Irving, Tex., took over the management of Arun.
It is also the largest supplier of chips used in Motorola's cellphones and a large supplier of communications chips to other companies like Nokia, Alcatel and Cisco Systems.
Investors reacted negatively to the news, sending Goodyear's shares down $2.88, to $18.13.
Wal-Mart's chief executive, H. Lee Scott Jr., said senior managers, including himself, would lose 7.5 percent of their bonuses next year if women were not promoted in direct proportion to the numbers that apply for management jobs.
Chevron wanted to follow the pattern of other mergers and emerge as the dominant company after absorbing Texaco.
Mr. Siebel noted that at I.B.M.
Excluding payments to sites that display its ads -- known as traffic acquisition costs -- Yahoo's revenue was $1.12 billion, up 28 percent.
''We expect to complete the review fairly quickly and have something to announce after the first of the year,'' said Linda Blakley, a Wal-Mart spokeswoman in Bentonville, Ark.
In forging closer ties to Google, CBS might see less merit in joining with its big media rivals in the new venture.
''Now, the inclination of Intel insiders to sell increasing numbers of shares into weakening share prices is troubling.''
And Boston Scientific need look no further than the rival Cordis division for an object lesson in the hazards of not satisfying the regulators.
Because America Online is exchanging its stock for Time Warner's, a drop in the price of AOL shares lessens the value of the deal for Time Warner shareholders.
The United States Justice Department is still reviewing the proposed $7.3 billion merger of Oracle and PeopleSoft.
But with the 787, Boeing felt it finally had a chance to win back the midsize market.
A Government lawyer questioned another videotape demonstration at the Microsoft trial today, but this time the challenge dealt not with the reliability or honesty of Microsoft's tape but with its message.
And Wal-Mart is not likely to stop with another several dozen supercenters in the Northeast.
When the agreement with Microsoft expires, Mr. Sonneborn said, the Smithsonian hopes to begin its own music download service, with more extensive text and documentation features.
I.B.M.
InterActiveCorp's entry into this category could spawn a round of new competition among shopping sites and retailers like Amazon.com, which until now have offered a universe of good presents but little help to prospective buyers who want to winnow their choices.
Since then, the American companies that had complained to European regulators, including Sun Microsystems, a competitor in the server software market, and RealNetworks, which makes media player software, have reached antitrust settlements in their private suits against Microsoft.
Ms. Roehm is suing Wal-Mart for severance pay and has listed Mr.
Citigroup said the bulk of its added reserves was related to potential Enron claims.
The Bush administration and the European Union were poised to file formal complaints against each other at the World Trade Organization over support given to Boeing and Airbus.
KIPLINGER'S TAXCUT  (Published by H&R Block; available from www.hrblock.com; Windows and Mac; Deluxe version, $19.95; other versions available.)
Teaser advertisements, intended to offer a preview of a new campaign for Viagra, are scheduled to begin today as mobile billboards in Chicago, Los Angeles, New York and San Francisco, said Paul Ewing, a spokesman for Pfizer in New York.
In the book, ''Sam Walton: Made in America,'' Mr. Walton boasted that the amount of merchandise lost to theft at Wal-Mart was half that of the retailing industry's average.
Yahoo had asked for a wide range of documents from Google, which in turn had argued that the requests were too broad.
''Verizon keeps that sort of information for traffic management and to help law enforcement,'' said Sarah Deutsch, a Verizon vice president and associate general counsel.
Chambers said, although he remains optimistic that Cisco can avoid the broader slowdown.
Cisco, which is based in San Jose, Calif., reported results after the close of market trading.
To beat the clock, the company is using some of the same factories now producing the Ralph Lauren men's line.
''We're excited about the league but we decided to go with Mia's team,'' said Monica Rigali, a spokeswoman for Nike Soccer.
Court hearing in divorce of former General Electric chairman-chief executive John F Welch Jr from his wife Jane is canceled, suggesting that settlement is being discussed (M)
The lead investigator on both those studies, Dr. Jonathan D. Sackner-Bernstein of North Shore University Hospital in Manhasset, N.Y., has since asked that Johnson & Johnson make a broad study of the drug.
Then, Sanford I. Weill, Citigroup's co-chairman and co-chief executive, last Friday afternoon abruptly told Mr. Black that he should resign, these same executives said.
Handing a small bone to Microsoft, Judge Jackson dismissed the government's contentions that the company's marketing arrangements with other companies like Compaq and Apple Computer had violated Section 1 of the antitrust act.
Shares of Micron Technology Inc., which makes memory devices for personal computers and other electronic products, dropped 75 cents, to $19 yesterday, or nearly 4 percent, after it said it would record a loss for the third quarter.
As an example of the integration the reorganization is intended to encourage, Mr. Weber cited the selection of Weber to handle public relations for the electronic commerce operations of General Motors, which uses Interpublic agencies for traditional advertising.
But he also has to help the automakers get back on stable ground or risk further cutbacks at General Motors, the Ford Motor Company, Chrysler and the parts suppliers that the union represents.
The Moody's review will examine Kmart's ability to pay off money it owes.
Although almost no one is buying electronic books today, Yahoo is entering a scramble among publishers and booksellers battling to position themselves to profit from the potential future sales of their books in digital form.
In the meantime, though, a raft of print advertisements and television and radio spots has already begun running in the areas where Verizon has a so-called wire-line presence, comprising 31 states, Puerto Rico and the District of Columbia.
Following are excerpts from documents filed yesterday in Federal District Court in Washington by the Microsoft Corporation in response to last month's proposal by the government to split the company in two:
Lenovo, the Chinese computer maker that is scheduled to complete its acquisition of I.B.M.
Pipeline, estimated to cost $3.5 billion, to carry gas from Papua New Guinea's rugged southern highlands as far south as Brisbane, Australia, nearly 2,000 miles away, has been put off until at least 2007 because Exxon Mobil and its partners have failed to sign up enough customers to make it worthwhile; gas rests from populated areas that need it; since 1996, group of companies, led first by ChevronTexaco and now Exxon Mobil, has been planning to build pipeline; map (M)
And that is perhaps the best indicator of Apple's recent success: People have come to expect exciting news and innovative products from the company, just like in the old days.
PeopleSoft's management fiercely opposed Oracle's initial offer of $5.1 billion, as they have opposed the most recent offer of $7.7 billion, as a bad deal for its shareholders and customers alike.
Vonage's starter kits, which enable people to hook a traditional telephone into the Internet, also became available this year in Best Buy, Circuit City, Radio Shack and other retailers.
Kodak recently expanded ofoto.com to Europe.
The Justice Department's San Francisco office sent its demand for further documents to Microsoft at the end of last week.
''The Tiffany dragonfly in the show is like a watercolor sketch compared to Farnham's oil masterpiece,'' Ms. Sandecki said.
John Mahoney, the chief financial officer of Staples, said that although the deal valued Staples.com at $900 million, Staples had to pay the insiders and venture capitalists only $50 million for the shares it did not own.
The company's lawyers called Robert Appleton, an assistant United States attorney in Bridgeport, who confirmed that his office had been investigating Xerox since July.
Shares of Chevron fell $2.25 yesterday, to $82; Texaco rose $3.88, to $59.
Tanya Brockmeier, 19, another German visitor browsing last week at Urban Outfitters, wears a cross and sees nothing amiss in wearing a religious-theme T-shirt, ''so long as it looks modern,'' she said.
During a conference call with analysts on April 28, Mr. Bell, who is retaining the president title, said that he intended to continue executing the business strategy that he and Mr. Cantalupo had outlined for McDonald's turnaround, including new products and significant cost-cutting.
Oracle executives said yesterday that the problem would be resolved when the company closed those deals in subsequent quarters.
Mr. Anderson was once a trusted adviser to Steven P. Jobs, Apple's chief executive, and played an important role in the company's financial turnaround.
But Samsung took one additional step: To design the Z5's software, it hired Paul Mercer, a former Apple employee whose software toolkit was used to design the iPod software.
Dimac would be complementary to that business, executives at The News Corporation said.
Home Depot To Investors: Mea Culpa
Such delays might send Boston Scientific's stock below $22.62, the price at which the value of the stock portion of the deal would begin shrinking, and induce Guidant investors to vote against the merger.
The agreement announced yesterday by A.T.& T., General Electric, Honeywell and I.B.M.
The company's full-year earnings statement highlighted various bottler acquisitions and investments, including an acquisition in Russia, the spinoff of Coca-Cola Beverages from Coca-Cola Amatil, another anchor bottler, and investment in bottling businesses in India.
Indeed, an automatic procedure for revoking digital certificates that has been added to certain versions of Microsoft's software has been turned off by the company because of compatibility issues that are currently not resolved, officials at both companies said.
Monsanto Corp's herbicide known as Roundup is beginning to lose its effectiveness in controlling weeds; weeds resistant to herbicide have emerged in Delaware, Maryland, California, western Tennessee and at edges of Corn Belt in Ohio and Indiana; crop scientists say problem is success of genetically engineered crops, especially soybeans, which account for more than three-quarters of all soybeans grown in US; farmers like genetically engineered crops, which are sold under brand name Roundup Ready, because they can spray Roundup herbicide directly over fields, killing weeds while leaving crops intact; popularity of crops has caused use of Roundup herbicide to skyrocket, setting up 'survival of the fittest' conditions in which rare weeks that survive herbicide can flourish; experts say eventually farmers will need to reduce their applications of genetically enegineered soybeans and other crops to preserve long-term usefulness; Roundup is Monsanto's biggest product, accounting for about 40 percent of its estimated revenue of $4.6 billion; photos (M)
But 74 percent of people taking Celebrex or Vioxx for the first time in 2000 were not considered to be at risk of ulcers, according to Express Scripts.
Mr. Reed's retirement was not forced by the bank's board, nor did it arise from any personal animosity between Mr. Weill and Mr. Reed, according to both executives and others at Citigroup.
J Christopher Flowers, architect of $25 billion deal to take Sallie Mae private, has had history of daring financial challenges; Flowers's firm J C Flowers & Co has engineered largest leveraged buyout of financial services company; Flowers and private equity firm Friedman Fleischer & Lowe will invest $4.4 billion in Sallie Mae and control 50.2 percent of company, officially known as SLM Corp; J P Morgan Chase and Bank of America will acquire rest and provide financing for transaction; photo (M)
Liberty was fueled by the desire of other companies to insure online identity did not become the battleground for a standards battle between Microsoft and AOL (and AOL became a founding member of Liberty).
The 24-hour channel would not carry advertising and would give Comcast yet another niche cable network.
Chart shows change in Morgan Stanley Capital International country indexes of market performance in US, Britain, Germany, Japan, Hong Kong and Brazil, in local currency and dollars, plotted daily in second quarter
But some real estate executives wondered if Vornado would actually close the deal, because Mr. Roth of Vornado has a reputation as a tough and difficult negotiator.
Coincidentally, the next speaker was the senior vice president for marketing at Wal-Mart, Stephen F. Quinn.
Mr. Ivester is likely to continue Mr. Goizueta's strategy of consolidating Coca-Cola's global system of dozens of bottlers into a core group of giant ''anchor'' bottlers.
Procter & Gamble officials disputed the sales figures for Simply Smooth, saying they were ''a couple of x-times that number,'' but declined to provide specifics.
MICROSOFT JOINS IN CINEMANOW FINANCNG
Verizon Introduces Fiber Optic TV Service
American depository receipts of the News Corporation, each representing four shares of the Australian company, rose 93.75 cents, to $24.50.
As managing director of General Electric from 1963 to 1996, the famously penny-pinching and autocratic Lord Weinstock led the company as it grew into Britain's largest industrial conglomerate, with products ranging from household appliances to weapons systems, sales of $16 billion a year, profits of $1.5 billion and nearly $5 billion in cash reserves.
US government asks European Commission and European Union members to be fair in antitrust dispute against Microsoft; Microsoft has complained frequently that it has been denied right to fair defense and has accused European Commission of collaborating with its rivals in software industry and denying it access to what it contends are documents vital to its defense (M)
The introduction comes at a time of mixed fortunes for Oracle's database business.
Freescale said in the filing that Motorola planned to distribute the rest of the Freescale stock as a special dividend to Motorola shareholders by the end of the year.
If the trial shows that the combination pill significantly reduces the growth of plaques, Pfizer may submit the drug to the F.D.A.
''I.B.M.
Michelle Slatalla Online Shopper column describes new Amazon.com 'Honor System,' which allows Internet users to make voluntary payments for intangible things--humor, advice, recipes, etc--they receive from free Web sites; Amazon will funnel these funds from appreciative parties to their favorite sites; photo (M)
At a conference with industry analysts yesterday, Stephen W. Sanger, the chairman and chief executive of General Mills, said his company would continue to supply products to Fleming, the food distribution company that filed for bankruptcy protection on Tuesday after losing its biggest customer, Kmart.
''Obviously having premium content is the way to do that, and I don't think anybody can compete with AOL, Bertelsmann and Time Warner.''
The market's response indicates not only that Comcast's bid was something of a low-ball offer but that investors are worried that Comcast -- like many companies before it -- may lose its financial head and start bidding up its offer.
CBS fired Mr. McCrae in November 2004 after learning of his practices, and the stations in Rochester enacted new policies that required programmers to submit songs to be added to a general manager.
Governments of France, Belgium, Luxembourg and Netherlands have ordered products from Coca-Cola Co off their shelves after dozens of people who drank soft drinks became ill; move comes on heels of health worries over food contaminated with dioxin that began in Belgium and spread across Europe; on June 13, reverberations from dioxin scare led to resignation of Belgian Prime Min Jean-Luc Dehaene; recall, which affects less than 1 percent of Coke's global sales, is another public blow for Coca-Cola, which has been struggling with declining sales in many regions; Coca-Cola executives say that problems along two points in its vast-bottling system, which is controlled in Belgium by Coca-Cola Enterprises, Coke's largest bottler, led to defects in its products; company insists products are safe to drink; photo (M)
JEFF BEZOS, the chief executive of Amazon.com, has an approach to e-mail that his corporate peers might consider insane.
Kodak Accuses Sony of Patent Violations on Digital Imaging
But Nike, which accounts for some 45 percent of the domestic athletic shoe market, and which gets 61 percent of its revenue from athletic shoes, cannot help but be affected by consumers' relative indifference to owning another pair of sneakers.
To reach its low-power goals, Intel has decided to move away from its focus on processor speed and instead add dual-processor cores to each of its microprocessors, making it possible to execute instructions in parallel.
Lawyers for Boeing said that did not trouble them because W.T.O.
The Boeing Company said yesterday that it was combining its space and communications business with its military manufacturing unit to form a single division, allowing the company to streamline operations and better compete for contracts.
Indeed, Mr. Reed's departure only signals that similar, hard-minded decisions about how to manage Citigroup still effectively lie ahead.
Microsoft, based in Redmond, Wash., proposed changes to Vista that would address those concerns and said it had not been told whether the changes would be adequate.
''There's a thoughtless neglect of efficiencies in the government's analysis, and I think that will be an attractive target for Microsoft,'' Mr. Hall said.
But just as the authority turned to another prospective buyer yesterday morning, Vornado executives frantically resumed talks with the authority, according to two executives who had been briefed on the negotiations.
Mr. Weill said the deal should add 10 cents a share to Citigroup's earnings next year, despite the hefty premium Citigroup is paying.
AT&T teamed up with General Instrument in a joint proposal to Bell Atlantic.
Such a scheme ''certainly would not be out of character,'' said Harley Shaiken, a professor on labor issues at the University of California, Berkeley, who has studied Wal-Mart for years.
Technology Briefing
In the eyes of the F.D.A., he and other top executives of the medical device maker Boston Scientific have much to atone for.
Yahoo said Monday that Mr. Semel, a former Warner Brothers executive, had resigned and would be succeeded  by Jerry Yang, a co-founder of the company in 1994 with David Filo when the two were students at Stanford.
The company is one of the main forces behind the ADSL group, but Microsoft has also invested $1 billion in the Comcast Corporation, one of the nation's largest cable television companies.
Some analysts say it is inevitable that Citigroup, which has more money to lend to corporations than its competitors, will soon become the leading underwriter.
Netflix's rental service has grown steadily since its introduction in 1999.
A serious security flaw in recent versions of Microsoft Outlook 98, Outlook Express and Netscape Mail -- three of the four most widely used Internet electronic mail programs -- is proving more difficult to fix than initially thought.
Ms. Roehm, in a statement, said her work at Wal-Mart had reached a natural conclusion.
The two companies are not affiliated with Merck and Schering-Plough, both of the United States.
Citigroup ranks sixth in terms of United States retail deposits, according to SNL Securities, a data concern focused on the banking industry.
Wal-Mart had previously agreed not to stock CD's bearing parental warning stickers and to cover up magazines like Cosmopolitan and Glamour with blinders.
This week, the commission told the firm's lawyers that they had until Monday to settle the matter or risk being sued immediately, one Morgan Stanley executive said.
On Tuesday, William H. Gates, the chairman of Microsoft, went even further than other company executives have in defending Microsoft's conduct, which Judge Jackson called ''predatory'' and illegal in his ruling early this month.
Morgan Stanley Exceeds Expectations With Record Operating Profit
The Securities and Exchange Commission has begun an inquiry into whether two senior executives at Dow Chemical secretly tried to put the company into play as well as into the unusual trading in its stock that may have resulted, according to people briefed on the matter.
I.B.M.
Xerox, its gross margins plummeting as costs soar, clearly needs the cash.
Executives from Amazon and Toys ''R'' Us met with a mediator in Oakland, Calif., on Thursday and Friday to try to settle the matter.
''We are particularly excited about organic food, the fastest-growing category in all of food,'' Lee Scott, Wal-Mart's chief executive, said at a recent shareholder meeting.
Yet AT&T's ambitions on so grand a scale have raised questions about whether its strategy of gobbling up rivals has reached a point of diminishing returns.
But Progressive has long been a maverick in the collegial insurance industry.
The way Betty Dukes tells it, it is not for lack of trying that she has failed to move up at Wal-Mart Stores.
In addition, Wal-Mart, with $253 billion in sales last year, will run an Internet ''circular'' for the first time, giving it flexibility to reduce prices again if the competition gets too aggressive.
But the fact that Microsoft was talking to SAP means they were going after the big kahuna.''
On the other hand, AT&T Comcast will have a big burden of debt, and that usually prompts price increases.
Pfizer told the board that Warner-Lambert had begun using the medical liaisons in Britain in 1998 and that they had become part of its own marketing team after the merger.
Shares of Morgan Stanley edged up 3 cents in trading yesterday, to $49.42.
But people familiar with the order said that it contained virtually all the stipulations in the staff agreement with Time Warner.
ALLSTATE PLANS ONLINE SALES
Analysts say News Corp's decision to write down $909 million in sports television programming for its Fox network may halt recent inflation in cost of broadcast network sports contracts; write-down, which caused company to post $606 million second-quarter loss, was divided among company's contracts with National Football League, Nascar and Major League Baseball; photo (M)
But shares of the AT&T Corporation, which analysts have seen as coming under  increasing competitive pressure in its long-distance telephone business, fell $1, to $62.125, on the New York Stock Exchange.
But the biggest questions about Ms. Roehm's conduct surrounded her work on a closely watched hunt for a new advertising agency for Wal-Mart.
General Motors said that it had set up a $21 million auto research laboratory in Bangalore, India's technology capital.
A week after ousting the chief executive, Paul S. Pressler, a former executive at the Walt Disney Company, Gap removed his top deputy and former Disney colleague, Cynthia Harriss, as president of the Gap brand.
MasterCard, for instance, has tolerated and, arguably, benefited from the spate of profane or off-color parodies of the ''Priceless'' campaign.
The CSX Corporation and the Norfolk Southern Corporation announced an agreement yesterday that details how the two companies would split the assets of Conrail.
"We are looking at a market where there is a great deal of pent-up demand," said Randall Tobias, vice chairman of A.T.& T. With a population of 52 million in Ukraine, he said, "we are dealing with a market here, in terms of geography and population, that is just about the size of France."
That is how much Bristol-Myers Squibb agreed to pay in September to gain marketing rights to a cancer drug being developed by ImClone Systems, in the largest product deal ever between a big drug company and a small biotechnology firm.
EBay started a service on Thursday that helps merchants create online storefronts separate from the eBay Web site while still contributing to the company's bottom line.
Core earnings for the quarter increased 17 percent to $1.12 a share, or $1.58 billion, Procter & Gamble said.
Groups that had engaged in a lengthy battle to force the Procter & Gamble Company, maker of Crest toothpaste, Tide detergent and Pampers diapers, to end animal testing, had guarded praise for the company's announcement.
Siemens, the German technology company, said that it planned to sell mobile phones made by Motorola.
But whatever the arrangement, Starbucks maintains its resolve to charge.
But Morgan Stanley, despite a stellar quarter by its institutional securities unit and its continued status as a top-ranked investment bank on Wall Street, reported yesterday that profit rose just 36 percent before a one-time charge.
Already, both the foundation and the trust fund have sold their Time Warner shares to lock in gains in the stock's price, which has risen 67.8 percent this year.
In the latest merger between food companies seeking strength through scale, General Mills has agreed to pay $10.5 billion for the Pillsbury division of Diageo P.L.C., executives close to the talks said yesterday.
In addition, talks with the banks appear to be going smoothly, with negotiations to amend Interpublic's credit agreements expected to be completed by Monday's deadline.
James Murdoch, the 28-year-old son of the chairman of the News Corporation, Rupert Murdoch, stunned listeners at a business conference last week when he disparaged Falun Gong, a religious group that has been banned by the Chinese government, and criticized Western news organizations for portraying China in a harsh light.
Moody's cited newly stabilized finances under County Executive James W. Treffinger, who has cut spending by $70 million over two years, as a main reason for the MI G1 rating.
As a result, the panel, which will meet early next year, may recommend less aggressive treatment of anemia, potentially hurting sales for Amgen and Johnson & Johnson, which market the drugs, which are among the world's best-selling prescription medicines.
Visa and MasterCard said that American Express's partnership with MBNA was presumptuous and premature.
While Kodak has contracted with others to assemble some lower-priced single-use cameras, it still makes all of its own film.
A statement yesterday from a Morgan Stanley spokesman, Raymond O'Rourke, said: ''We are disappointed in the E.E.O.C.
The server group -- operating systems, databases and back-end programs for e-mail systems -- has become a third strong business for Microsoft, in addition to the lucrative Windows and Office.
''It's going to involve management, and those are the people who should be pursuing a strategy for Oracle, not pursuing PeopleSoft.''
New York has evolved from one of the sleepiest markets in consumer banking to one of the most competitive, as big banks from neighboring states have rushed in to take on Citigroup and Chase Manhattan.
The acquisition represents a major gamble by Interpublic executives that a takeover of this size, one of the largest ever in advertising, makes sense strategically at a time when the slowdown of the American economy threatens to abruptly end the long-running boom on Madison Avenue.
Late yesterday, Yahoo scheduled a conference call with analysts for today.
The Xerox Corporation, trying to rebuild its ailing businesses in the face of a slowing economy, said yesterday that its second-quarter revenue was down 13 percent from last year, and that it had lost money for the fourth quarter in a row.
Boeing Chief Says Tanker Lease Plan Is Still Alive
For all its focus on the specifics of its business, the I.B.M.
Last year, I.B.M.
The Wall Street Journal, already roiled by a proposed takeover by Rupert Murdoch, will announce today a major newsroom shake-up, including the reassignment and replacement of several top editors, officials there say.
Shares of Caremark gained 29 cents, to $56.64 yesterday, which analysts noted, was well above the CVS cash and stock offer for Caremark, which was worth a total of $52.35 at yesterday's CVS price.
earns more profit from an Apple Powerbook -- equipped with a disk, display screen and Power PC chip from I.B.M.
In this case, Microsoft early on recognized middleware as the Trojan horse that, once having, in effect, infiltrated the applications barrier, could enable rival operating systems to enter the market for Intel-compatible PC operating systems unimpeded.
Advertisers can go shopping for airtime on the eBay Media Marketplace, originally a forum for cable television ads which began in March.
David Colburn, a senior vice president of America Online who took part in the browser negotiations with Microsoft, is a witness for the Government.
Online Shopper column by Michelle Slatalla appraises Wal-Mart's redesigned Internet site; photo (M)
Mr. Levin added that the company was also seeking outside financing for New Line Cinema, which Time Warner had initially indicated it wanted to sell.
NBC Universal and Fox wanted Viacom in the deal urgently because that company had troves of content aimed at young audiences, from the music and reality shows of VH1 and MTV, to the popular comedy shows on Comedy Central like ''The Daily Show With Jon Stewart.''
Companies like I.B.M., E.D.S., Sun Microsystems, Oracle and others are pursuing the same ''enterprise'' market of helping corporations with long-term programs for utilizing Internet technology to work more closely with suppliers and customers.
So far, fewer than 50 of Verizon Wireless's 32,000 employees are union members.
Specifically, paragraph 6.a would ensure that any bona fide ISV has access to all technical information that Microsoft provides to ISVs generally to assist in the creation of Windows applications.
that Microsoft's chairman, William H. Gates, was ''surprised and upset'' by the decision, and after that, Microsoft was ''unresponsive to phone calls and very slow'' in supplying advance versions of Windows 95.
Growing investigation into insurance practices has ensnared General Re, one of Berkshire Hathaway's main businesses, controlled by Warren E Buffett, raising possibility that Buffett's gleaming reputation in corporate America may be tarnished; Securities and Exchange Commission and New York State Atty Gen Eliot Spitzer's office have been investigating deal between General Re and American International Group that may have been artificially bolstered AIG's finances; investigators are looking into other so-called finite insurance deals by Buffett's companies; insurance experts, in defense of Buffett, say Buffett's management of Berkshire is very different from Maurice R Greenberg's time at AIG; while Greenberg had his hands on practically every aspect of AIG, Buffett, known more for his investing acumen than management prowess, prefers to delegate; Buffett has not been named in any of insurance probes; photo (M)
Neither AOL nor Time Warner would discuss the issue publicly, presumably for fear of alienating the analysts who follow them.
It and Aranesp, a similar drug that also is used to treat anemia, together accounted for nearly half of Amgen's overall $12.4 billion in revenue last year.
For three years, Pepsi's bottler in these parts, the family-owned Minges Bottling Group, has been competing against the Coca-Cola Bottling Company Consolidated, which covers a 12-state swath of the South, had sales of $802 million last year and, as a publicly traded company in which the Coca-Cola Company holds a 30 percent stake, can afford big marketing campaigns and price wars in the fight over shelf space and vending machines.
Apple says that the slippage was an aberration, caused mainly by its announcement in January that it was shifting to Intel microprocessors in its Macintosh computers, though the new machines were not yet in the stores.
In fiscal 2000 alone, Microsoft made 100 such investments totaling $5.4 billion.
America Online Challenges Microsoft's WebTV
Among the stocks leading the Dow higher, I.B.M.
And even though the industry is in a steep cyclical downturn, he said that Apple was positioning itself for what he said he believed would be the next phase of rapid growth.
''Our M.O., which we evolved at Xerox PARC, and what seemed to work was to try to aim our design work at young children,'' he said.
In disclosing the decision to hire a chief operating officer, which had been discussed for a couple of months by Mr. Dooner and members of the board, Interpublic gave no reason for creating the post.
Typically, AT&T and MCI leased that portion from a Bell company like Verizon.
And the Motorola announcement, which came after trading on the New York Stock Exchange had ended for the day, was only the latest in a series of recent disappointments from Motorola.
Peter J. Grappuso, a 42-year-old trucking company supervisor from Beachwood, N.J., said he had found the site on the evening of Sunday, March 25, and had been able to buy a dark-red Ford Ranger pickup the next day at a discounted price with only a short visit to a nearby dealership.
Pfizer Fires a Vice President Who Criticized the Company's Sales Practices
Michael M. Sears, a former chief financial officer for the Boeing Company, is expected to plead guilty in federal court in early August on a charge stemming from a job offer to a Pentagon official, according to a person involved in the case.
Kodak and Hewlett-Packard did not disclose their pricing, but in a conference call with securities analysts, executives said equipment costs should be lower than for silver-based processing and actual processing costs would be similar.
Best Buy expects major suppliers to begin attaching radio identification tags to cartons and pallets of goods shipped to it, starting Jan 2, 2006; expects all such shipments from suppliers to be tagged by May 2007 (S)
Pfizer conducted the trial at the same hospital where Doctors Without Borders, the Nobel Prize-winning relief organization, was already providing free treatment with chloramphenicol, the cheaper antibiotic that is internationally recommended for treating bacterial meningitis.
But a Microsoft memo introduced today suggests the cross-examination Mr. Chase is likely to face.
But Adobe does not own PDF anymore: under pressure from government technology buyers, the company opened the technology, making it possible for other software companies to include the ability to save files in that format.
The American Express Company yesterday concluded a three-month review of most media planning and buying duties for its worldwide account, with spending estimated at more than $500 million, by keeping the agency that has been handling those tasks, MindShare, part of the GroupM division of the WPP Group.
The main driver of Citigroup's business remains the consumer lending and banking franchise, which kicked in $901 million worth of earnings in the fourth quarter, a 20 percent increase.
Verizon and a big union joust with help from slick hired guns.
When Motorola began planning the spin-off of its semiconductor unit late last year, technology stocks were enjoying a stint in the sun.
AT&T will now be able to negotiate with other companies while it tries to work out an accord with America Móvil, the largest cellphone company in Latin America.
Taking her first action in the Microsoft antitrust case, Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly today ordered lawyers for the government and the company to confer and jointly prepare a report outlining the remaining issues in the case and procedures to resolve them.
Comcast declined to comment.
''If they couldn't immediately come up with something that their eyes lit up, I knew they weren't the kind of person for Microsoft.''
Using this framework, Mr. Suria's analysis stated that Amazon ended 2000 with approximately $386 million in net working capital.
Like most other electronic distribution services, Netflix's system will work initially only with a limited catalog -- about 1,000 movies and television shows, only a tiny fraction of the more than 70,000 titles that Netflix offers for rent.
Floyd Morris comment on downturn in US economy says Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan musst cut interest rates substantially, starting before economic statistics confirm weakness that is being telegraphed by stock market; holds tax cuts can also help, but it should be understood that projections of huge budget surpluses are based in part of government revenues inflated by taxes on bubble-related income, particularly stock options; notes sign of difficulties came this week from Microsoft Corp, which plans to cut costs and raise salaries; graph (M)
Oracle said late last week that some of its customers were, in fact, out of compliance and that, technically, it could charge them more.
Those will weigh on Symantec in the short term.''
After warily circling each other, JetBlue Airways and Southwest Airlines are finally stepping into the ring, the veteran prizefighter vs. his eager protégé.
Justice Department Names 'Point Man' on Microsoft Case
Article recalls dramas inside Marriott Hotel at 3 World Trade Center a year ago, as south tower collapsed around hotel; in its final 102 minutes, Marriott Hotel served as mouth of tunnel, a runway in and out of burning towers for perhaps a thousand people or more; about 50 people died in World Trade Center complex's hotel, at least 41 of them firefighters; photo; drawings (M)
Morgan Stanley seems not quite as strong in this area as it once was.
The decision to preannounce an unproven technology was an uncharacteristic one for Intel, said G. Dan Hutcheson, president of VLSI Research Inc., and a longtime observer of the company.
The News Corporation is negotiating to acquire control of an Italian satellite television company from Vivendi Universal of France for about $1 billion, people close to the talks said yesterday.
In April, Judge Greene agreed that the deal violated the consent decree, but gave AT&T the chance to argue for a waiver to the rules.
Verizon Wireless, a joint venture of Verizon Communications and Vodafone, has filed nearly $9 billion in high bids in 113 markets, including two licenses in New York City for a total of more than $4 billion.
In addition to showing the impact that the rapid rise of the Internet has been having on the computer and communications industries, AT&T's reversal illustrates the challenge facing telephone companies looking to diversify into more lucrative computer-related businesses.
The message stated that the asset management and private banking units of the bank would report immediately to Robert B. Willumstad, president and chief operating officer of Citigroup.
Verizon, which provides local telephone service in 29 states and long- distance and wireless service nationwide, has a total work force of 224,000 -- down from 237,000 a year ago.
Bristol-Myers Squibb says chief financial officer Frederick S Schiff will leave; chairman-chief executive Peter R Dolan says Harrison M Bains, ice president of tax and treasury, will serve as acting chief financial officer until another executive can be hired; photo (M)
Allergan's offer, valued at $84 a share, appeared certain to scuttle Inamed's previously announced plans to be acquired by Medicis Pharmaceutical, a producer of prescription antiwrinkle drugs.
It recently bought Kids ''R'' Us, which has many stores in Staples' territory, and is converting most of them to office supply stores.
But the Microsoft chief has already assigned a company employee to act as a full-time researcher on the project.
Such an outcome is unlikely, however, because Mr. Jobs will be advising Apple's board about the choice of a new chief executive.
''If you go back to early PC days, what you typically saw was technically literate folks using PC's at home and moving them into businesses where it wasn't a top-down decision,'' said Phil Hester, chief technology officer of I.B.M.
Mayor Bill Johnson said that while Kodak had promised him that it would not move any lines of business out of Rochester, the company had made it clear that it ''will not create new job possibilities here in the near term.''
Chicago Climate Exchange, start-up venture hoping to create market for member companies and governments to trade rights to emit gases associated with global warming, gets off to ambiguous start with auction that lays groundwork for trading to begin Oct 31; prices paid by companies like Ford Motor Co, DuPont and American Electric Power for carbon dioxide emissions average less than $1 per metric ton, one-tenth price of over-the-counter trades of carbon dioxide emissions allowances in Europe; experts have several possible explanations for pricing, saying that it will take many months to know if low prices reflect traditionally cautious view that traders take toward new financial products, or justifiably optimistic disagreement with Europe over cost of reducing emissions, or flaws in concept of exchange (M)
Cisco Systems Inc. beat analysts' third-quarter earnings estimates by a penny, as the company continued its robust growth.
Ex-Brokers At Prudential Are Said to Be Part of Inquiry
''One region might have a more dialed-up pumpkin flavor depending on what we know about local tastes,'' said Tom Barr, who is charged with overseeing the new Starbucks food program.
In row after row of personal computers featuring Windows software products of every description, from industrial automation to architectural support, 252 companies see themselves as living proof that the Windows business model is making money for more than just Microsoft.
Moreover, there is concern that there is, in fact, a saturation point in the growth of the personal computer market, especially in the United States, that has fueled Microsoft's growth for two and a half decades.
Morgan Stanley Answer to Bias Suit: Ex-Worker Abused Expenses
Scientists at A.T.& T. Bell Laboratories reported last week that they had succeeded in doubling the previous record for information that can be conveyed using blindingly fast pulses of light -- some 6.8 billion bits of information, or pulses of light, a second.
She said Oracle had explained this to META several weeks ago and indicated at the time that Oracle would not levy additional fees based on the misunderstanding.
Citigroup shares are down nearly 38 percent this year.
Throughout the day and evening, the company maintained a rigid silence about the one subject on everyone's mind -- whether it would respond to a midnight deadline to counter Boston Scientific's bold $27 billion offer for Guidant.
Using internal company documents and sworn depositions at the Microsoft trial today, a Government lawyer depicted the Compaq Computer Corporation, the world's largest manufacturer of personal computers, as so fearful of Microsoft that it repeatedly abandoned software products it preferred in favor of Microsoft's offerings and even passed on information about a competing operating system in violation of a nondisclosure agreement.
Treasury securities rise for the second consecutive session as pricing of huge debt issue by Wal-Mart Stores Inc fails to hurt sale of United States Government paper; 30-year bond gains 23/32 to 89 7/32, to yield 6.04 percent, down from 6.09 percent; graph (M)
Until recently, Mr. Winer had maintained that the Internet would remain a level playing field and that Microsoft would not be able to seize control of the standards-setting process.
Despite the downturn, Oracle, based in Redwood City, Calif., predicted that it would cut costs and  improve renewals of software contracts to match its earnings from the period last year, when it made a profit of 11 cents a share.
The French Yahoo ruling ''really puts free expression and communication in jeopardy on the Net,'' Mr. Davidson said, warning that online speech could sink to a single country's lowest-common-denominator standard.
For its part, Intel described new technologies that it expects to improve performance in different segments of the industry.
But Wal-Mart and other retailers hope to lure the middle-class Chinese, one of the fastest-growing segments of the population.
Shore praised the company for finding new partners, including a venture with Coca-Cola.
But Amazon provides forecasts just for the pro forma figure.
The argument concerned statements by an Air Force procurement official who was sentenced Friday after admitting she had favored Boeing in contracts while seeking jobs there for herself and her family.
Until recently, Yahoo's position on salacious material was that people who did not want to see it should not look for it.
Adding to its troubles, Merck, the world's third-largest drug maker after Pfizer and GlaxoSmithKline, faces the challenge of replacing its top-selling drug Zocor, the cholesterol-lowering treatment, which will lose patent protection in 2006.
Miguel Estrada, a Washington lawyer for Aetna, said that without the racketeering claims, the lawsuits ''basically shrivel up.''
Mr. Edelman was trying to demonstrate that Apple, like Microsoft, saw advantages in combining the browser and operating system, when the judge interrupted and asked, ''From a technological perspective, what are the technical advantages of integrating a browser, as opposed to bundling it?''
The deal is similar to the one American Express reached in January with MBNA, the credit card issuer based in Wilmington, Del.
The i-Opener, or more likely a future version of the i-Opener or one of its competitors -- maybe Microsoft's forthcoming Web Companion, maybe something from Apple, maybe something completely unexpected -- could someday become as integral to my household as the telephone.
Mr. Sohn said that Microsoft had no current plans to create its own competing advertising network.
The appeal in the telephone case, Verizon Communications v.
Yahoo said that another search-technology researcher, Andrew Tomkins, had recently been landed from I.B.M., and that negotiations were under way with several others there.
Richard Doherty, director of Envisioneering, a technology research firm, met with the 54-year-old Mr. Amelio at the Apple headquarters in Cupertino, Calif.
Eric Rabe, a Verizon spokesman, said he was surprised by the unions' reaction to the transaction because the company had briefed the unions on the deal beforehand.
With so much dialogue going on, it is not clear that Comcast has made the initial overture in each case or what its precise motive has been.
Microsoft hopes to build on that heritage in its effort to attract millions of developers to write Web services applications with its tools.
Floyd Norrris comment holds big oil companies should spend huge profits on looking for more energy, rather than using cash to buy back more of their shares; cites Exxon Mobil, which embarked on major share repurchase program while cash was pouring in; notes Exxon Mobil's profits rose 122 percent in first nine months, to $12.5 billion, while its spending dropped 24 percent; chart (M)
Bush administration names Symantec Corp executive Amit Yoran to be nation's cybersecurity at Department of Homeland Security; photo (S)
So a successful introduction of Vytorin is crucial for Merck to retain its standing in the market for cholesterol drugs, probably the industry's single biggest category.
Microsoft will introduce its system, which will be manufactured in Mexico by Flextronics, about the same time.
The odd feature of the antitrust complaint brought yesterday by the Federal Trade Commission is that it accused Intel of victimizing putative rivals that are also customers.
Hewlett-Packard and Compaq said the merged company would be in a position to compete with I.B.M.
It asked for comments and got only one, from Raytheon, which is a potential competitor.
But after Comcast sought to create its own version of the practice to replace Excite@Home's effort, some privacy advocates expressed concern.
Following the lead of the New York Stock Exchange, Boeing and Delta are turning amid turbulence to battle-tested former corporate chiefs.
Dr. McGuire said United and Humana would have 1.4 million customers in all types of health care in Florida, or less than 10 percent of the state's estimated 14.7 million people.
Over the last year, the increase in demand caused some strains in production for Boeing, specifically in tooling for 777 wings, and more generally as the company was shifting from reducing its work force to adding employees to bolster its output.
Garrett Green, a customer support representative at a local technology company, said he had chosen AT&T for local service when he recently moved into an apartment -- but that was only after Frontier balked at signing him up because the previous tenant had failed to pay his phone bills on time.
General Electric had offered to sell parts of Honeywell that generate at least $2.2 billion in annual sales, and to segregate the leasing unit from its direct parent, GE Capital.
's conversion to a more efficient manufacturing process, contributed to a 50 percent drop in sales of Apple's flat-screen iMac.
Macintosh sales, executives said, are expected to be soft as customers put off purchases until later this year when Apple completes its transition to machines powered by Intel microprocessors and software written for the Intel-based Macintosh computers is ready.
Intel executives deny any wrongdoing and say the case arose after Intergraph asserted patent rights with a number of computer makers using Intel chips, who then sought indemnification from Intel.
Technology Briefing
Ken Johnson, a spokesman for Representative Billy Tauzin, the Louisiana Republican who is leading the House investigation of 101 deaths attributed to Firestone tires, said tonight that ''Ford has never satisfactorily explained to us why they dropped Goodyear as a supplier of tires for its Explorer.''
THERE is at least one way in which the Federal Trade Commission's antitrust case against Intel, which goes to trial next month, is similar to the Justice Department's suit against Microsoft.
NBC Studied Dow Jones Bid With Microsoft
A headline in Business Day yesterday about the sale of $190 million in Priceline.com shares to Liberty Media and Vulcan Ventures misidentified the seller.
The action came after the Caremark board voted unanimously on Sunday to reject a $26 billion hostile takeover offer by Express Scripts, even though the offer values Caremark at about 13 percent higher than the CVS deal.
''There were substantial losses and the potential for a sizable verdict facing Morgan Stanley and, on the state side, they had placed a very substantial investment portfolio in the hands of persons who may not have been extensively trained.''
The new computer, with a theoretical peak computing power of 7.3 trillion operations a second, is expected to be enhanced over the next few years, and it may reach speeds up to 100 trillion operations a second by 2009, I.B.M.
Other elements of the offline campaign created by Martin include ads in the Life (entertainment) section of USA Today; ads in a lengthy list of magazines published by the Time Inc. unit of Time Warner, like Entertainment Weekly, Sports Illustrated and People; and billboards in the Los Angeles, New York and Washington markets.
As the Oracle Corporation's stock price dropped for the second consecutive day, company officials scrambled to clarify remarks made earlier in the week by an executive that apparently led to the selloff.
Miller says Coca-Cola Enterprises, which supplied Miller with products, imposed a price increase and shifted strategy to include controlling highly profitable vending machines after the bottler's local management changed in 1996.
The combined company will be called Honeywell International, and will be based in Morristown, N.J., Allied's current headquarters.
Apart from all this, there is one way in which the Microsoft and Intel cases are profoundly different.
Any further iterations of Halo, Microsoft's hit game, will be available only for Xbox 360.
Microsoft's top executives, chairman William H Gates and president Steven A Ballmer, say they are still hopeful of settling government antitrust case against company before Federal Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson issues his final ruling (S)
''Consumers will be able to choose on the basis of price and personal preferences rather than pick up a Coca-Cola product because it's the only one on offer.''
The board voted today to promote Mr. Otellini from his current job as executive vice president and general manager of the Intel architecture group, which makes chips and components for desktop, notebook and data-serving computers.
Underestimating the case load by 30 percent, by its own account, Humana subcontracted claims payments to Blue Cross and Blue Shield of South Carolina.
That raised the specter of other major equipment purchasers, like Lucent Technologies, Nortel's biggest rival, cutting back on their business with Corning to avoid helping Nortel.
Michael Friton, an inventor who works at Nike, in Beaverton, Ore., has won a patent for a shoe with a sole designed to emulate a mountain goat hoof.
What irritated studio executives most was Microsoft's demands for broad creative control, even though the company was not spending a dime to make the film.
''If they wanted to leverage the General Motors corporate image for the benefit of the brands, they should say only the most positive statements about it instead of digging up negatives,'' he said.
Mr. Gupta says that one of every five face-to-face meetings can be replaced with Web conferencing tools, and Microsoft estimates that it will save $70 million in reduced travel this year.
As investors tried to sort through exactly what the Fed's statement meant, the late-afternoon earnings warning by Merck overshadowed any upbeat sentiment.
He repeatedly referred to documents and e-mail from scientists at Merck that showed them discussing Vioxx's potential heart risks as early as 1997, more than two years before the company began selling the drug.
At the Macworld exhibition in New York last month, I saw a demonstration of Microsoft's Office 2001 for Macintosh, which featured some enticing additions like Entourage, an e-mail and personal-information manager that can be fully integrated with current Office programs and can synchronize with Palm organizers.
Exxon Mobil and its partners in a proposed $3.5 billion pipeline from Papua New Guinea to Australia moved a step closer to turning their long-delayed project into reality yesterday when a government-owned power utility signed on as a future customer.
Furthermore, the plan calls for Intel's China plant to make chipsets, the technology that serves in a supporting role to the main microprocessors, rather than the microprocessors themselves.
Mr. Allgeier, who has negotiated the issue over the last year, said Boeing's government money represents ''straight procurement contracts that are within the bounds of the World Trade Organization.''
EMI Group's chairman, Eric Nicoli, and Time Warner's president, Richard Parsons, would be co-chairmen, the people close to the transaction said.
''Suppose Microsoft simply decides not to offer a product,'' said Theodore Edelman, a Microsoft lawyer.
CBS Radio filed a lawsuit against Howard Stern yesterday, charging that he used his last months on the air there to build up his future employer, Sirius Satellite Radio, and gained financial advantages through a stock sale at the expense of CBS.
Even Mr. Sampat of Intel acknowledged, ''The ecosystem of design tools, silicon design, systems design is not completely formed yet.''
Kodak needs some lower-priced printers to round out its product line.
Less than an hour before state and Federal governments were set to file sweeping antitrust suits against the Microsoft Corporation, the company announced today that it would postpone the release of its new operating system, Windows 98, for three days so that settlement talks could proceed.
Prosecutors seize more documents from SK Corp in their probe into allegations of insider trading on part of Chey Tae Won--vice chairman of company and nephew of founder of parent SK Group--and some of his top executives; Moody's Investors Service lowers its outlook on company to negative from stable (S)
and Microsoft have cooperated closely to reach agreement on the software standards, known as Web services, necessary for this next step.
Some highly regarded AT&T executives have also recently joined the Latin American operation.
This deal is tangled because Pfizer contends that Warner-Lambert knew Pfizer was willing to pay more than American Home was offering even before the deal was signed.
While the compromise most likely to emerge from Microsoft's efforts could be no more than a promise to re-evaluate the standards after a fixed number of years, the lobbying effort -- by a $6 billion company with a reputation for take-no-prisoners competitiveness -- has been watched with a mixture of fascination and anger by the parties on the other side of the dispute.
''If Boeing is able to deduct the settlement,'' Mr. Grassley said, ''the real penalty to Boeing could be millions and millions less than advertised.
Corning's diversity is already a saving grace.
The Workplace software will run on the desktop, but with control residing in I.B.M.
Kellogg's stock rose $1.56, to $24.31.
Costco, the national warehouse club, has abandoned its plan to build a large supermarket at West 55th Street and 10th Avenue in Manhattan and has sold the property to a developer, the buyer confirmed yesterday.
Lockheed Martin, which announced in June that it would have drastically reduced profits for this year, is using dozens of its lobbyists to put back the $1.8 billion and keep the F-22 in full production.
Speculation arose yesterday that Verizon could take control of Metromedia, a theory denied by people close to the companies.
Executives say that General Mills's marketing will help bolster Pillsbury brands that are growing at a slower pace than their categories.
A Verizon spokesman, John Bonomo, said, ''It was not our intention certainly to portray fathers as inessential to families.''
But the third complaint brought by the Government, requesting employment records at two Boeing plants in Wichita, was not resolved and is scheduled to be heard next month.
Both men now see Cisco as a good value in the short term but are more skeptical about its future.
Microsoft contends that a less-restrictive settlement that it reached with the Justice Department and nine other states is enough to restore competition in the computer operating system market, where its Windows platform holds a monopoly.
Mr. Fisher, who came to Kodak from another high-technology company, Motorola Inc., had once predicted that the digital operations would break even this year; instead, they will probably lose more than $300 million.
The unions say about 133,000 A.T.& T. union jobs have been lost since the 1984 breakup of A.T.& T., 25,000 alone since the 1989 contract was negotiated.
I.B.M.
He added that Yahoo was also insulated because it had diversified its revenue between advertising and e-commerce sources.
Microsoft's expert economist, Kevin Murphy of the University of Chicago, is expected to testify this week that the answer is no.
After 11 years of teasing parched New Yorkers, the animated Coca-Cola sign in Times Square is dark.
Amazon Says Sales Meet Target, but Profit Margins Shrink
In 2001, I.B.M.
Not Fifth Third.
Also, Boeing struggled for a time to recover from its role in an Air Force procurement scandal, the loss of important government contracts and the jailing of two former top executives.
United Automobile Workers union continues contract talks with General Motors Corp and Delphi, parts giant spun off from GM in 1999 (M)
''Xerox has become the poster boy for accounting misstatements now, but the real interesting question is 'Who's next?'
The two sets of music-industry merger talks -- Time Warner with EMI, Bertelsmann with Sony -- promised months of gridlock on the way to regulatory approval.
More than 20 years after Michael Jordan first adopted longer shorts and over a dozen since Chris Webber, playing as part of Michigan's Fab Five, made baggy pants the fashion in basketball, Nike is hoping that basketball teams are ready to take up a new look: haute techno-athletic on top, hip on the bottom.
He said the lawyers at the private firms and nonprofit groups had agreed to work together because of Wal-Mart's size.
The jury, meanwhile, was not allowed to hear that Morgan Stanley lost $300 million in the collapse of Sunbeam.
''In emergency situations, you have a variety of public agencies involved, and they have incompatible radio systems,'' said Charles H. Giancarlo, Cisco's chief development officer.
Yesterday's complaint said that in 2000, while Mr. Conway was directing the Xerox audit, he was informed by auditors at KPMG's British affiliate that some accounting procedures used by Xerox ''are not considered to produce results which reflect commercial reality'' and ''might override/disguise genuine commercial trends.''
Though the company is dominated by the family, one investor said last night that Comcast has the depth of management to handle the increased size of the company.
The pile of E-mail offered as evidence today vividly showed the round-the-clock pace at Microsoft, a pace set by Mr. Gates.
Marketers from Nike were pressing plastic bags full of pamphlets and other material into runners' hands along the course, he said, which he considered a safety risk.
The current Moody's credit rating for R. J. Reynolds senior unsecured debt is Baa2, while the Fitch rating is BBB.
While I.B.M.
The outside directors said that if AT&T decided not to proceed with an acquisition, all Lin shares, including those owned by AT&T, would be put up for sale.
Analysts and executives noted that Boeing and Teledesic might be able to work together especially well because the two companies are based less than 15 miles from one another, in the Seattle area.
Julie Stinneford provides voice for Amtrak's computerized answering system; it has earned high marks from callers since its debut in April 2001; many riders say system sounds and acts so lifelike that they did not realize it was just computer program; system, by handling about five million calls, or about quarter of Amtrak's annual call volume, has saved railroad over $13 million; photo of Stinneford and Yahoo's computerized voice, Deborah Ben-Eliezer (M)
But disclosure of the e-mail messages is sure to further inflame institutional investors, who have complained that Staples executives are using the parent company's assets to bail themselves out of a failed Internet investment.
and Honeywell that Mr. Monti would require the combined company to make major concessions to win his approval.
Hewlett-Packard Co takes step toward strengthening its Internet presence with announcement of deal with Oracle Corp to collaborate on developing and selling Oracle's electronic commerce software on Hewlett-Packard computers (M)
In one of them, Theodore C. Sihpol 3rd, the broker who introduced Mr. Stern to senior Bank of America executives, made his case to a colleague that Mr. Stern should be given enhanced trading privileges.
''During our time today, Microsoft's technical and economic experts presented information on server operating systems and multimedia playback technologies,'' Microsoft said in a statement shortly after the meeting adjourned.
NO one will ever fault the new AT&T for not having big ambitions.
The certification expected to be announced today applies only to the SuSE Linux distribution of the operating system running on I.B.M.
The biotechnology industry's most lucrative drug, for example, is Amgen's Epogen, which fights anemia through a human protein that stimulates the body to produce red blood cells.
We believe Northrop Grumman will preserve competition in the submarine building business.''
Yet in an E-mail written on June 10, 1994, Steven Sinofsky, a Microsoft executive who helped organize the April meeting, portrays a company ambivalent about the Internet and  not yet planning a browser of its own.
Sun Online ID Set to Compete With Microsoft
The Fading Copier King; Xerox Has Failed to Capitalize on Its Own Innovations
Xerox shares lost 80 percent of their value after the fraud was disclosed in 2000.
Microsoft Corp reports second-quarter earnings exceeded Wall Street analysts' expectations; for quarter ended Dec 31, Microsoft reports earnings of $2.44 billion, up 23 percent, compared with $1.98 billion in year-earlier period; revenues rose 18 percent, to $6.11 billion from $5.20 billion (M)
No one from Wal-Mart was available to comment on the issue, Jami Arms, a Wal-Mart spokeswoman, said, speaking from Wal-Mart headquarters in Bentonville, Ark.
At the current valuation, there is little reason to think Disney shareholders would find Comcast's bid appealing.
Ford Motor Co executives approve early-retirement program for up to 10 percent of its white-collar employees in US, or 4,600 workers; begin reviewing possible delay of some planned vehicle models, which would lower company's design and engineering costs; have even started considering whether to shut down assembly plant (M)
Neither Interpublic nor its outside adviser, Goldman, Sachs & Company, commented on the offers.
Morgan Stanley said it calculated 31 percent of the votes were withheld.
David Boies, the Government's lead trial lawyer, has successfully attacked several videotape demonstrations Microsoft has played in court over the last few weeks, arguing that they were deceptively edited or did not show what the narrators' contended they did.
Time Warner has agreed to merge its music business into a joint venture with EMI; it does not plan to acquire EMI.
Mr. Christian is handling the search for a new chief executive for Excite@Home, a Yahoo rival.
Yahoo said yesterday that it would take its high-speed broadband service to Canada in a deal with Rogers Cable, the largest cable television system in the country.
Jerry Yang, Yahoo's co-founder and ''chief Yahoo,'' said at the meeting that the company had been actively lobbying the United States government to assist Internet companies in fighting censorship and protecting human rights in countries like China.
That future arrives today, as Norfolk Southern and CSX, which already dominate commercial rail traffic in much of the East, take over chunks of Conrail.
[Ms. Telsey does not own stock in Coach or Gap, nor does Bear, Stearns do investment banking business with them.]
That could go a long way toward revising Wall Street's unenthusiastic view of Boston Scientific's near-term prospects.
A note on Microsoft's site says the Windows Defender Beta 2 version of the software expired on Dec. 31, 2006, and it urges users to upgrade to the latest version.
The Ford Motor Company told Wall Street analysts on Friday that it had cut $3 billion in costs last year and planned to trim an additional $1 billion this year.
Comcast's problem with the Orioles is a lengthy legal detour from the mostly happy tale of the Nationals, who lead their division with a 44-31 record, and whose cable games have been held hostage to the battle between Angelos and Comcast.
In the period last year, Motorola earned $166 million, or 5 cents a share.
And Nike must also win back the loyalty of consumers like Oyin Mays.
A spokesman for Ripplewood had no comment, and a Maytag spokesman would only confirm that the company had received the latest Whirlpool offer.
There is certainly no bigger enemy of Cisco than Lucent, the former equipment arm of AT&T that has stumbled recently, even as Cisco, the No.
General Electric Co's chief executive John F Welch Jr meets twice with Mario Monti, European competition commissioner, in effort to win approval for GE's $45 billion acquisition of Honeywell International; GE has offered to divest itself of assets worth as much as $3 billion in annual revenue; has proposed selling its grounded proximity warning systems business, its auxiliary power systems unit and its satellite collision-avoidance systems; would also divest itself of Honeywell's regional jet engines, Honeywell's engine-starter businesses and aircraft maintenance business in Germany; deadline for GE to submit concessions expires at midnight June 14, but negotiating is expected to continue well beyond, with European Commission deadline of July 12; photo (M)
Even after acquiring Golden State Bancorp last year, Citigroup has just 5.7 percent of deposits in California, up from 1.6 percent before the deal was announced, according to SNL Financial.
Business Travel; Alaska Airlines plans to offer a system that allows passengers to check in on the Internet.
Andrew Stern, president of the Service Employees International Union, convened the meeting, which will bring together union leaders, professors who have studied Wal-Mart and leaders of Acorn and other community groups.
Kodak will get $100 million cash from Heidelberger, while it will transfer about $100 million worth of assets to the joint venture.
Why did Amazon agree to prepare two letters documenting different parts of the deal?
In addition to media companies like CBS and Time Warner, many marketers have begun exploring the realms of user-generated content and video sharing.
Ending several months of speculation in the video game industry, Electronic Arts said it planned to make titles available for the forthcoming Microsoft game console, the xBox.
''The level of disruption and turmoil is clearly declining, and the ability to predict is clearly improving,'' said Howard A. Rubel, who follows Boeing for Goldman, Sachs & Company in New York.
Motorola Chief Sold Shares Before a Drop
Time Warner and Comcast, however, are interested in bidding for all of Adelphia, according to executives close to the discussions.
news release that landed shortly after Kodak's new strategy was announced.
Richard Gray, a spokesman for A.T.& T., said yesterday that the phone company estimated that its royalties to Spectrum might reach "a few million dollars" over the next three to four years.
In his letter, Mr. Purcell said Morgan Stanley would not violate the agreement by denying the allegations.
The AT&T Corporation has signed up 150,000 people for its Internet access service, the company said yesterday.
Could eBay's popularity translate into a huge increase in its fund-raising?
Ms. Miller expressed no sorrow for investors who had bought Priceline's stock on her arrival, having interpreted her move as a buy recommendation from a savvy Wall Street veteran.
"It's my clear conviction that we will not grow at the industry rate unless we are cost competitive," said Alex J. Mandl, the newly installed chief executive of A.T.& T.'s Communications Services Group.
Unlike the many unprofitable companies in electronic commerce, Yahoo is increasing its cash reserve and has $1.2 billion in cash, up from $961 million at the end of 1999.
A Morgan Stanley spokeswoman said that the firm had no comment on messages posted on the site.
''We see the next version of the Macs very tightly intertwined with the Intel transition in that together they can drive an accelerated upgrade cycle within Apple's installed base as well as attract new users.''
America Online and Eastman Kodak Co revamp their interactive service that lets AOL members view, store and share digital photos online; offer several enhancements; photo (S)
So their view of Wal-Mart stores is what they read in the newspaper and what they see on TV.
Now, Mr. Otellini said, Intel intends to play the same game with the number of processor cores that can be embedded on a chip.
Dan Seuberling, a Cintas driver, hits 20 businesses a day, dropping off from one uniform to 60.
In that report, Motorola said its earnings for the quarter had fallen sharply.
Growing number of business travelers are going to Internet to find discounts on air fares as fares continue to climb; American Express survey shows average price paid in April by US business travelers reached seven-year high, partly a result of two across-the-board fare incerases by major carriers in first quarter; some Web-based booking systems discussed; some E-mail fares being offered by nation's airlines noted; more than 50 New York City cultural institutions are offering special one-hour tours that can be slotted into business traveler's schedule (Business Travel column) (M)
But ''we had every intention of showing the inadequacies, including substantively, in the government's proposed order,'' particularly since Judge Jackson rejected Microsoft's request for remedy hearings.
But nine of the states that originally sued Microsoft for antitrust violations are trying to persuade Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly of Federal District Court to impose broader restrictions on Microsoft.
The TV effort became yet another in a series of embarrassing stumbles for Intel.
Microsoft and its partners in the computer industry have been urging broadcasters to use only lower resolution digital signals that are transmitted in the ''progressive'' format.
You can download Yahoo Go 2.0, a handy, cleanly designed mini-Internet module for cellphones.
Bank of America Asks Agencies to Compete
Eric Lucas, a freelance editor and writer here who does not work for Boeing, echoed a common sentiment when he said his first reaction to the news was that it was an early April Fool's joke.
Microsoft Corp chairman William H Gates warns that any government action to delay introduction of Windows 98 would hurt the economy; Gates spoke at conference in Manhattan, flanked by dozens of computer executives, including Eckhard Pfeiffer of Compaq Computer; photo (S)
As Intel, which is based in Santa Clara, Calif., and other chip companies continue to pack more advanced technology into ever smaller circuitry, the problem has become worse.
Target is putting its bull's-eyes on Times Square Tower.
Liz Verdier, a spokeswoman for Boeing, said most airlines would replace the bolts with ones made of an alloy called inconel, used in all the planes built since 1987, she said.
ImClone also has a patent that could potentially limit use of panitumumab, although Mr. Sharer said Amgen was confident that the patent would not be an obstacle.
In that time, it not only raided competitors for agents and talent in the movie and television businesses, but began representing athletes and added dozens of marketers and licensing operatives who are supposed to keep pace with the likes of Coca-Cola, Delta, eBay and, until lately, Hasbro.
According to Gomez Inc., which performs automated shopping searches across the Web's more popular merchants, 13 percent of the time it attempted to buy goods on Amazon in the week after Thanksgiving, technology glitches derailed the transaction.
Pfizer laid out $87.6 million in major media spending on Celebrex ads last year and was on its way to surpassing that this year before the company said over the weekend that it would, at least temporarily, stop advertising the drug to consumers.
A glance at Neiman's Web site would certainly leave someone used to shopping at Wal-Mart, or even Target, with a bad case of sticker shock.
An AOL Time Warner executive, Edward Adler, said that his company and the News Corporation had held ''positive and constructive discussions as recently as last week'' with Chinese officials to try to overcome their reluctance to formally sanction broadcasts by foreign companies.
''But Microsoft has a big legal team, and it seems they are working on every defense they can find.''
Warner Brothers Television creates Warner Horizon Television unit which will produce series specifically for cable TV networks, headed by Peter Roth; Time Warner signs multiyear extension to Roth's contract as president of television studio; Roth says goal will be to find ways to produce scripted and reality shows for much less than they generally cost on network television (M)
Under the deal, Sun will use Intel's Xeon chip in some servers starting late in the first half of this year.
In trading on the New York Stock Exchange, shares of American Express plunged $7.375 yesterday, to $101.0625, on nearly five times the normal trading volume.
General Motors has long struggled to make pick-up trucks in a joint venture in northeastern China.
Mr. McCaw said yesterday that Boeing should not feel slighted by the Motorola announcement.
The Labor Department found, however, that Halliburton's reduction of the benefits of the employees who spoke out, many of them from upstate New York, did not violate any rules.
Apple steadily improved the user's tools for memory management in each generation of the operating system, and OS 9 was the culmination of that.
On Monday, Mr. Kagermann's software company, SAP, disclosed that it, too, had flirted with the idea of being acquired by an American corporate titan, Microsoft.
Results at News Corporation To Miss Its Financial Goals
Still, Mr. Bove said that whether Mr. Weill stays or goes should have little bearing on Citigroup's share price in the long term, given that he is no longer active in day-to-day management.
But a Citigroup official said the bank had chosen not to market that structure to its clients.
Those offering it free include chains like Panera Bread as well as independent stores; others, like Starbucks, provide the service for a fee through T-Mobile or other providers.
Alexander J. Trotman, who rose from a student trainee at Ford Motor to become the company's chief executive for much of the 1990's, died on Monday in Yorkshire, England.
The Boeing Company, which recently announced that it would move its corporate headquarters to Chicago from Seattle, said yesterday that it would begin a review for its worldwide account, considering agencies with full-service offices in Chicago.
Intel today announced a wide range of cost-saving measures, including delayed raises for employees, but not layoffs, intended to counter a slowing economy.
Besides clearing a path for a new line, the Polo Ralph Lauren melee also allowed the company to buy Kasper, which was then in bankruptcy.
But the Apple-based supercomputer, which is powered by 2,200 I.B.M.
Nearly two decades ago, Texas Instruments was the first global technology company to set up a development operation in India, and the company has reaped benefits in the form of 225 United States patents awarded to its Indian operation.
By contrast, Aetna's health care business was a vast paper-shuffling organization that consisted mostly of insuring traditional fee-for-service health care providers.
American International Group will be a vastly different company without Maurice R. Greenberg, the chief executive who has personified the giant insurer for decades and has set the tone for its hard-charging way of doing business.
And Texas Instruments agrees.
Such queries are daily fodder at Ask Yahoo (ask.yahoo.com), a question-and-answer site where human editors will seemingly tackle even such thorny sex and metaphysical issues at no charge.
Wal-Mart wanted to replicate the experience of shopping in one of its brick-and-mortar stores.
Few doubt that Vista will help drive sales of PCs and make Microsoft and others in the business of selling high-tech products tens of billions of dollars this year.
''Microsoft currently controls the base and evolution of the desktop platform,'' Mr. Rosen wrote.
However, it is too early to tell if Wal-Mart style is accepted by Japanese consumers,'' said Machiko Amano, a credit analyst at Standard & Poor's in Tokyo.
Living.com, Web-based home products retailer, names two divisions of Leo Burnett Co as first agencies to handle its advertising account; Burnett USA will handle branding duties and Starcom Worldwide media duties; AFB Multimedia Inc names Bozell Kamstra as first agency to handle account of AFBnews.com, news service devoted to crime, courtroom proceedings and penology; Storerunner.com awards its branding and marketing account to three Omnicom Group units, DDB Worldwide, Interbrand and Porter Novelli; Furniture.com, on-line retailer, names Bartle Bogle Hegarty US to handle branding campaigns (M)
Now, Citigroup is thinking about closing the umbrella.
Disney chief executive Michael D Eisner is expected to mount tenacious counterattack against Comcast's unsolicited takeover bid; has overcome many threats in past, though he has never faced challenge as formidable as this; some past battles recalled; photos; graph (M)
FORECAST LIFTS MOTOROLA
He said the clinic had also suspended enrollment of patients in a Natrecor study sponsored by Johnson & Johnson.
Mr. Bryant did not provide analysts with details of Intel's flash memory business, which supplies chips used in cellular phones; that business was particularly weak in the last quarter.
Some of Bowman's top holdings at the end of March included Microsoft, Sonus Networks and Qualcomm, according to recent regulatory filings.
But even at this price, Priceline stock is no bargain, said Michael Legg, an analyst at Jefferies & Company who rates Priceline a hold.
His duties range from coordinating the creative content of campaigns down to, as Mr. Nelson put it, oversight of ''designing the hospitality tents at the Bank of America Colonial Golf Tournament,'' to be held in May in Fort Worth.
Ron Gettelfinger, the union's president, said Monday evening that ''our bargaining committee at General Motors and Delphi will continue to stay at the bargaining table until a tentative agreement is hammered out.''
Yahoo shares hit a low of $4.40 in September 2001, about five months after Mr. Semel joined the company, but rose steadily after that to a high of $43.57 in January 2006.
Analysts said that Citigroup might have to be more aggressive about cutbacks if it intended to meet some of its goals.
Conspiracy theorists said Time Warner must be hiding other secret deals to muzzle competition and restrict access to its cable empire, deals it feared would be exposed through pretrial discovery depositions for the antitrust trial.
''We remain determined to ensure that competition in the large commercial aircraft market is undistorted by such subsidies,'' said Harry C. Stonecipher, chief executive of Boeing.
Still, they question Kodak's prospects.
Apple Computer said it was canceling its beautiful Power Mac G4 Cube, barely a year after it introduced the machine it called ''the coolest computer ever.''
Intel has made good progress improving the performance of the Itanium chip, according to customers who have worked with prototype systems.
Dr. Furberg recently co-authored a study concluding that Bextra may increase the risk of heart attacks, as Vioxx has been found to do, and he was quoted in The New York Times saying that Pfizer was trying to ''suppress'' this information.
Steven A. Ballmer, the Microsoft chief executive, who also spoke at the conference, agreed with Mr. Barrett's assessment.
Edward Breen, the chairman and chief executive of General Instrument, of Horsham, Pa., which has the dominant position in set-top boxes, as well as a cable infrastructure, will head a new unit of Motorola that combines his company with Motorola's networking and Internet division to create a wired home that would offer everything from burglar alarms to high-definition TV.
American International Group reports nearly 27 percent increase in net income for third quarter; net income rose to $2.34 billion from $1.84 billion yer earlier; cash flow was record $3.58 billion from $2.5 billion year ago; chief executive Maurice R Greenberg says company has struck deal with People's Insurance Co of China to sell AIG's accident and health insurance throughout country; says he doubts legislation to establish fund intended to end most litigation over health damages caused by asbestos will be adopted this year, partly because of union demands that insurers increase their proposed contribution; notes rating agency A M Best raised ranking of AIG's American units to its highest level and says that can only help sales; photo (M)
The Little League component of the Bank of America agreement may not be the most important or costly part, but it could have played a big part in sealing the deal, said Mr. Bonham, the sports marketing executive.
Initially, Merck considered three possibilities to address the issue.
Two people who did attend that June meeting have been named as witnesses in the trial scheduled to begin next week: James L. Barksdale, Netscape's president, and Daniel Rosen, Microsoft's general manager of new technology.
Mr. Outten said she was the ''archetypal Morgan Stanley person,'' committed to do whatever it took to advance at the firm as the highest priority in her life.
Mr. Roach, who joined Morgan Stanley in 1982 after stints at Morgan Guaranty and the Federal Reserve, is of the sin-and-punishment school: after so much bingeing, he claims a bad hangover is not only inevitable but necessary.
For years, Yahoo and other shopping sites assumed users wanted to click on various categories of merchandise to browse through available products much as they comb through racks in a store.
Coca-Cola Co chairman M Douglas Ivester apologizes to people of Belgium in extraordinary contrite newspaper ads over contamination scare that began there more than a week ago and spread to other countries in Europe; but he stops short of conceding that Coca-Cola products made anyone sick, and study released by company suggests something else had caused their symptoms; study concluded that substances like hydrogen sulfide were present in Coca-Cola soft drinks that people drank before coming down with symptoms like nausea and headaches, but amounts were too tiny to have caused illness; spokesman for Ivester says he met last week with James E Burke, former Johnson & Johnson chairman who helped that company weather crisis caused by cyanide-laced Tylenol in 1986 (M)
Wal-Mart boasts that its new $4 generic drug program is disrupting the market, attracting new customers to its stores and starting the nation on a road that will ultimately squeeze billions of dollars from prescription drug spending.
Shares of Morgan Stanley's stock rose sharply for a second day, increasing $1.97 a share, or 3 percent, to $57.25, as a number of analysts began to speculate about the possibility that the firm, roiled by dissent, may become vulnerable to a takeover.
In a conference call with Wall Street analysts, however, Whirlpool officials denounced Mr. Heymann's report as misguided and ''lacking credibility.''
Still, he said he had the complete support of Terry S. Semel, Yahoo's chief executive, and Susan L. Decker, its cost-conscious chief financial officer.
A merger of P & O, based in London, and Royal Caribbean, also based in Miami, would create a cruise line that would surpass Carnival.
But last month, Honeywell warned investors that earnings growth would not exceed 12 percent this year, and its stock fell from the mid-50's to the mid-30's before the United Technologies talks.
Protesters took control of the Nike Web site yesterday and redirected visitors to a site urging organizations to gather at and disrupt a world economic summit meeting planned for later this year in Australia.
Pfizer is not including Celebrex, a popular arthritis drug, in the program, because that drug is actually made by Pharmacia and marketed by Pfizer.
He declined to say how much the name change would cost Morgan Stanley, which recently announced that it would reduce its annual expenses by $1 billion.
Last year, Verizon's directors described the compensation adviser as an ''independent, outside consultant.''
Beyond prohibiting Microsoft from negotiating restrictive contracts with PC makers and others, the package called for Microsoft to more openly share technical information with rival software companies whose products must run smoothly on the Windows operating system.
The company also signed franchise agreements with individual municipalities in Texas before the state government passed a law this summer that would allow Verizon and others to obtain agreements from the Texas Public Utility Commission.
A spokesman for Microsoft, Rick Miller, confirmed that a number of the company's machines had gone unpatched, and that Microsoft Network services, like many others on the Internet, experienced a significant slowdown.
For its part, Google wants to avoid becoming the ''next Netscape,'' a reference to the early leader in the browser market that Microsoft eventually thwarted.
Gap Inc., based in San Francisco, is also taking a different approach to merchandising than 6pm, Zappos and others, in that it often offers a point of view about shoe styles customers should consider, rather than simply presenting a multitude of shoes from which visitors can browse by various attributes.
''This is something we consider essential to the functioning of our company on a competitive level,'' said Eric Rabe, Verizon's spokesman.
''There's absolutely no problem with the design of Intel's motherboard,'' Microsoft said.
In the fourth quarter of last year, Mattel reported a 67 percent decline in earnings on lower revenue.
Kellogg USA is consolidating its US general market cereal advertising at Leo Burnett USA, which had handled most of that assignment, by shifting duties previously at New York office of J Walter Thompson; billings estimated at $40 million (S)
That Morgan Stanley, too, was awarded a leadership role in the underwriting -- which could reap all the firms involved as much as $100 million -- also raises recollections of the years of the dot-com bubble.
''Though there are some restrictions on what we can do,'' said Tom Burt, an associate general counsel for Microsoft, ''Microsoft still has the right to create its own version of Java.''
''We've only managed to sell the Chinese a few off-highway trucks,'' a Caterpillar official said.
Dr. LaMattina said Pfizer's scientists had left Nigeria even though the epidemic was continuing because it would have been unethical to continue using Trovan until they had analyzed the trial and could be certain that the drug was safe and effective.
Priceline.com, which earned its reputation with the name-your-own-price model for airline tickets, will soon try to interest you in bidding for a new commodity: cheap phone calls.
The sharpest circulation declines among large papers came in Boston and Philadelphia, according to the report, which did not include the latest figures from The Buffalo News,  which is owned by Warren E. Buffett and had shown a 9.6 percent decline in the last reporting period.
The Intel Corporation in Santa Clara, Calif., is taking a mixed approach.
Because two years ago, Xerox started a New Enterprises division whose sole purpose is to keep promising products from falling through corporate cracks.
She added that Microsoft would not post any fixes for the Outlook 98 and Outlook Express programs until the company was sure they were fully effective.
But he added: ''What's a bit confusing is why VeriSign needed to own this company as opposed to being a marketing partner.
Macworld attendees are also marveling at other gadgets, like Apple's Pippin, a Nintendo-like console for surfing the Internet and playing games, due to reach the market by Christmas.
Nation's top oil executives are called before Congress again to defend their industry's recent mergers and record profits, in face of public outrage over high oil and gasoline prices; is second time in four months that oil industry faces strong criticism from both Republican and Democratic senators; most of companies represented, including Exxon Mobil, Chevron and ConocoPhillips, participated in wave of mega-mergers of late 1990's and early 2000 that created today's behemoths; Sen Arlen Specter called hearings to examine whether mergers in industry resulted in higher gasoline prices; Royal Dutch Shell president John Hofmeister says oil industry remains highly competitive despite immense size; Sen Dianne Feinstein says degree of competition and amount of market power held by oil companies following mergers raises serious questions; legislation proposed by Specter would permit government to take legal action against OPEC for fixing oil prices; Sen John Cornyn defends industry; photo (M)
I.B.M.
Researchers at Princeton and Rice universities and Xerox Parc claimed to have defeated four of the six technologies.
The sobriquet, from the 1930's, was derived from the soap powders and detergents Procter sold under brand names like Cheer, Dreft, Duz, Ivory Snow, Oxydol and Tide.
Indeed, Cummins, along with companies like Caterpillar, has led an unexpected industry revival.
Apple Inc., the maker of the iPod, and Apple Corps, the guardian of the Beatles' music interests, announced yesterday that they had settled their dispute over the technology company's name and its use of an apple logo.
His responsibilities will be assumed by Mike Duke, The president of Wal-Mart's USA stores, and Kevin Turner, the Sam's Club chief executive.
But Ms. Vujovich and Mr. Wall said that Cummins's other businesses, like engines for power generators, combined with its ability to keep up with the new requirements in the United States and Europe, which take effect in about a year, will help cushion the expected decline in the basic truck business.
A spokesman for Time Warner, Ed Adler, declined to comment yesterday about Mr. Icahn's special-purpose vehicle.
Specifically, Microsoft said it would allow computer makers to remove its Internet browser if they choose and place icons for software programs and services -- including ones that compete with Microsoft offerings -- on the main screen of the company's new Windows XP operating system.
Procter has shied from working with agencies owned by WPP, because several of its agencies also work for Unilever, but WPP is in the process of buying Grey Global, a deal that could not proceed without Procter's blessing.
That was all that investors, who had bid I.B.M.
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter will sell limited access to research by its stock analysts to customers of its Internet brokerage service; move will be first by major brokerage firm to give same-day access to research to customers who do not pay full commissions on stock trades (M)
Xerox's research shows that one of every four small businesses buying a used copier is buying its first copier.
Boeing executives and a number of American politicians had accused Mr. van Miert of merely trying to protect Airbus, which is Boeing's main rival in commercial aircraft manufacturing.
The company, based in Sunnyvale, Calif., said the new chips would outperform the fastest chips made by Intel by up to 40 percent.
He said that Kodak, which restated its earnings for the previous years in April, is still in the process of addressing problems in its accounting for income taxes, which led to the restatements.
Deepak Advani, Lenovo's chief marketing officer, said the company recognized the value of the I.B.M.
According to AT&T, the I.B.M.
''Despite vociferous complaints from a parade of Microsoft's rivals, who obviously would prefer less vigorous competition,'' the company declared, ''there was remarkably little evidence about the impact of Microsoft's actions on consumers, who are, after all, the intended beneficiaries of the antitrust laws.''
The deal proposed by Express Scripts would create by far the largest company in pharmacy benefits management -- the business of acting as a middleman between drug companies and health plans that offer drug benefits to workers, retirees and Medicare enrollees.
Mr. Gerstner, after all, is widely admired for transforming I.B.M., the computer giant, into I.B.M., the services-led enterprise, one capable of prospering during the current downturn.
''Merck is human again.
Last week, for example, a judge in France ruled that Yahoo was violating French law by delivering Nazi material to people in France via the company's online auctions, even though the service is based in the United States.
But Apple, which first popularized the mouse in 1984, changed its answer on Tuesday from ''one'' to ''many.''
lacks the statutory authority to implement number portability,'' said Andrew G. McBride, who argued on behalf of Verizon Wireless and the Cellular Telecommunications and Internet Association.
Wal-Mart Seeking Review Of Class-Action Suit Status
General Electric gained $2.50, to $42.10, while Citigroup advanced $2.30, to $45, and Morgan Stanley Dean Witter soared $7.14, to $52.40.
Freeman, owned by Cordiant P.L.C., has been handling assignments for Coca-Cola like a campaign for Cherry Coke, which is coming soon, and commercials to promote sales of Coke in two-liter bottles.
IBM is selling new line of Internet software that permits businesses to link their buying and selling processes with other businesses (S)
All around Mr. Barre's workstation at I.B.M.
''We intend to remain competitive in the marketplace,'' said Leonard Riggio, the chairman and chief executive of Barnes & Noble, who added that Amazon has ''changed their prices in the middle of a public offering for Barnesandnoble.com and that speaks for itself.''
Prudential Financial, one of the biggest life insurers, said last night that it had agreed to buy the retirement investment business of Cigna, a leader in health insurance, for $2.1 billion.
Even if Merck had not withdrawn the drug, he would no longer prescribe it, Dr. Lockshin said.
By integrating more search functions into Windows, Microsoft could conceivably challenge Google the way it threatened, and destroyed, an earlier rival, Netscape, by incorporating Web browsing into the Windows 98 operating system.
Allstate, the second-largest insurer of autos and homes in the United States behind State Farm, has also recently begun selling insurance over the Internet and through through call centers, which some agents say undermines their sales opportunities.
Mr. Paz, in fact, pointed to mounting competition from such insurance companies as a reason that antitrust regulators should not view an Express Scripts-Caremark deal as anticompetitive.
But when Gap announced that Mr. Drexler was resigning as chief executive and it was searching for a replacement, the company was clear: merchandising experience was a low priority.
SCHEDULED to be released in the spring, Microsoft Reader is being promoted as the software that will make reading an electronic book as easy as turning a page.
Delta agreed to pay American Express in advance for $500 million in SkyMiles, which are awarded by its frequent-flier program.
In the wings, the Microsoft Corporation is stalking the game industry with its own Intel-based video-game system that the company says it hopes will arrive for the Christmas 2001 season.
Dr. Kim of Merck said he first learned of the new data on heart attacks and strokes on Thursday evening last week, when he got a call from an independent committee of scientists who were monitoring the colon polyp study.
Mr. Bell had succeeded James Cantalupo, who died from heart failure while attending a McDonald's convention in Orlando, Fla.
The acquisition will help ChevronTexaco reverse a three-year decline in production that was caused in part by the sale of mature assets tied to the merger with Texaco.
And no doubt highly appealing to Mr. Amelio, who is trying to pull Apple out of its funk.
But the government's brief said that Microsoft's proposal ''does not address some of the most important violations found by the court,'' including a declaration that the company had illegally linked its Web browser to the Windows operating system.
Intel said at least 10 major computer makers, including Dell and I.B.M., plan to build mobile machines with the Pentium III processor-M chips, which compete with products from Transmeta and Advanced Micro Devices.
Teledesic executives shrugged off Boeing's relative inexperience with satellite technology.
The I.B.M.
The flaw, one of three announced yesterday by Microsoft, affects a fundamental building block of network operating systems known as Abstract Syntax Notation One, and helps govern how machines communicate with one another and how they establish secure communications.
But in a strongly worded response, the commission, the year-round administrative arm of the European Union, denied responsibility for any possible delay in the introduction of Vista, and accused Microsoft of twisting the truth.
Nordstrom, the high-end department store based in Seattle, said sales grew 10.7 percent.
And Microsoft executives declared that there would be no changes in their product plans or business practices as a result of the European decision.
Microsoft Has Patch For Security Flaw
Mr. Jaroszewicz surveys the few clusters of couples, some drawn by General Motors' new zero percent financing, twisting through a field of Grand Prixs and Grand Ams under a towering American flag.
Wal-Mart has pulled some mainstream magazines from its shelves and refuses to carry some popular books because of their content, among them ''America (The Book)'' by Jon Stewart and ''When Will Jesus Bring the Pork Chops?''
But the I.B.M.
Short sellers, who benefit from any bad news that hurts the prices of stocks they bet on, have pummeled Marriott shares in recent weeks, partly on concerns about CBM.
''BBDO has made a great contribution to Apple,'' said David Roman, vice president for advertising and brand communications at Apple in Cupertino, Calif. ''We have had many, many successful campaigns.''
Mr. Sassa's contract with NBC, a subsidiary of General Electric, expired in December, and he and the network agreed at that time that he would sign only a short-term extension that would take him through the network's next program development season.
The union will try to resolve the industry's toughest problems with Ford and then demand that the Chrysler Corporation and the General Motors Corporation accept the same terms almost immediately, they said.
When Shawn D. Byrd joined Xerox in 1997, for example, he was given a territory that involved selling to government offices and colleges, which is considered less desirable than selling to businesses, according to his account.
Ms. Gardner at Kohl's and Ms. Hudis at BeautyBank said they were aware of the pitfalls.
While Comcast has agreed to carry the channel for its digital subscribers, a final decision on whether to start the channel has still not been made, two executives briefed on the arrangement said.
I.B.M., which as recently as May said that the mainframe market appeared to be rebounding, declined to comment yesterday.
Microsoft is trying to head off demands that it give rivals licenses to use the basic code of its Windows operating systems as a way of settling antitrust action against it in Europe.
Mr. Dur of Northrop Grumman calls military shipbuilding ''a unique economy.''
Coke has also done something else of considerable value -- it has developed a new method of pricing stock options.
Talk of Partners, Rumblings of Battle at Verizon
Mr. Diller will remain executive chairman of Expedia and will be deeply involved in running the company.
''We've got solar roofs, we buy biomass, we do carbon credits, we compost waste and recycle our cardboard,'' said Michael Besancon, the chairman of Whole Foods Market's green mission task force.
Motorola Inc., the big telecommunications and semiconductor company, said yesterday that its third-quarter profit rose 66 percent, in line with Wall Street estimates, on strong sales of broadband equipment and computer chips.
Safa Rashtchy, an analyst with Piper Jaffray, said he was not satisfied with Yahoo's explanation for the delays.
So when the channels carrying ABC programming faded to blue, except for the yellow letters that declared ''Disney has Taken ABC Away From You,'' Mr. Rubenstein and his clients were ready with their campaign to portray Time Warner as a rapacious monopolist.
TUESDAY  Allstate  Auto Data Process  Bandag  Chesapeake Utils  Georgia Gulf  ITT Inds
Pfizer also reports ''adjusted diluted earnings,'' a nonstandard accounting measure that ignores many significant costs.
Two Texas congressmen introduced legislation yesterday that would help Southwest Airlines by repealing the Wright Amendment, which limits where the company can fly from its home airport, Love Field in Dallas.
Microsoft Corp quietly shelves consumer information service that was once planned as centerpiece of company's foray into market for tightly linked Web services; service, originally code-named Hailstorm and later renamed My Services, was was intended to permit individual to keep online persona independent of his or her desktop computer, supposedly safely stored as part of vast data repository where there could be easy access to it from any point on Internet; company has been unable to find any partner willing to commit itself to program after nine months of intense effort; photo (M)
Such practices, the subpoena states, include ''any statement, action or policy'' by Intel that it might ''change the availability of Intel technical information'' to any company that chose to use chips made by other companies as well as Intel.
Firestone and Ford Motor have made considerable progress in their investigations into tire-related crashes that have killed more than 100 Americans, mostly in Ford Explorers, but they remain divided on some basic issues as they present their results to regulators this week; Ford's newest finding is that Firestone factory in Decatur, Ill, followed procedures different from those at other factories in handling rubber and other incoming materials, and these procedures may have allowed quality of materials to degrade (M)
In an interview, Mr. Spitzer said: ''I would think the O.T.S., in determining whether H&R had the proper ethical grounding to enter the banking world, examined these issues'' outlined in the lawsuit.
Several times, Mr. Kuney asked Mr. Gates if he realized that the reason the states had proposed a particular restriction was because the Federal Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit had found that Microsoft's conduct violated antitrust laws.
General Mills will acquire Pillsbury division of Diageo PLC for $10.5 billion, vaulting company into No.
Apple iPod owners who want to share their sound, or simply take their headphones off, can plug their player into Altec Lansing's inMotion ultraportable audio system.
''It is better and more profit-enhancing for Verizon to steal AT&T and MCI's customers than to buy them quickly,'' Mr. Cleland said.
This summer, Judge Patti B. Saris ordered Pfizer to go through the documents and release any that did not include information that would put it at a competitive disadvantage.
So far, Microsoft's browser, Internet Explorer 4.0, is a separate program from the Windows 95 operating system.
One person who attended the meeting said Microsoft had offered to make substantial changes to Passport.
Marsh & McLennan Cos, largest insurance broker in world, agrees to pay $850 million to settle lawsuit accusing it of cheating customers by rigging prices and steering business to insurers in exchange for incentive payments; company does not formally acknowledge any wrongdoing, but chief executive Michael G Cherkasky apologizes for 'shameful' and 'unlawful' behavior of 'few people' at company; denies that corporate entity was involved in pattern of covering up or engaging in criminal behavior; Cherkasky succeeded Jeffrey W Greenberg, who was forced to resign in days after charges were filed in Oct; $850 million will by paid over four-year period, to about 100,000 corporations and small businesses whose commercial insurance Marsh arranged from 2001 to 2004; lawsuit was brought by New York State Atty Gen Eliot Spitzer, who claimed Marsh did not serve as unbiased broker, receiving kickbacks from insurance companies that increased cost of coverage; six insurance executives, including one at Marsh, have pleaded guilty to criminal charges; Spitzer says there will be more; photo (M)
''While we have had a long and productive client-agency relationship'' with Ayer, said John G. Middlebrook, vice president and general manager for vehicle brand marketing and corporate advertising at General Motors in Detroit, ''we believe this consolidation with McCann will integrate our strategic and tactical efforts.''
But although Aetna's credit rating has dipped ''a couple of notches, to triple-B ratings, they are not in any danger,'' he said.
CVS and Caremark yesterday cast their $20.8 billion deal as a merger of equals that would enable them and their investors to take better advantage of upheavals in the prescription drug business.
Even more heartening to analysts is that Kodak's film sales, while not soaring, have remained strong, while sales of its digital products are picking up.
BMW and Microsoft are spending several million dollars to exhibit eight independent films in digital format over the next year at theaters in 25 cities.
Microsoft, the company spokesman said, wants to insure that its trade secrets and confidential business information are protected during the deposition process.
The Government contends that taken together the mosaic of Microsoft's misconduct amounts to ''a predatory campaign'' to stifle competition from Internet software and restrict consumer choice.
Moody's Investors Service reduces credit rating of AT&T Corp to level that may make it more difficult for company to issue commercial paper (M)
Microsoft officials said they had not seen significant growth in interest in Java.
According to some analysts, Wal-Mart stands to triple its supercenter presence in the region in just the next two years -- an expansion that could draw $3 billion more in annual sales from an already crowded marketplace.
An AT&T spokesman said the company hoped that would change.
Apple is the most prominent of a number of technology companies that have been caught up in both civil and criminal investigations over the recording of inaccurate stock option grant dates.
and Motorola, which joined with Apple in 1991 to develop the Power PC, cited poor sales of Windows NT for Power PC's as the reason behind the decision, even though Windows NT, which was designed by the Microsoft Corporation to run on a variety of chips, is being adopted by many companies for use with Intel chips.
Cisco Systems Inc. said on Wednesday that it had agreed to suspend its patent infringement lawsuit against Huawei Technologies, a Chinese maker of telecommunications and network equipment.
The main culprit has been the industry's difficulty in making the transition from the currently dominant group of home game machines -- PlayStation 2 from Sony, Xbox from Microsoft and GameCube from Nintendo -- to the next, inevitably more powerful generation.
Apple's announcement that it would stop selling computers through Best Buy, Circuit City, Of-ficeMax and Sears was made in February 1998, not recently.
Linksys, based in Irvine, Calif., also announced that Verizon would sell Linksys's phone adapter to customers who sign up for its Internet-based phone service.
Toyota's profit for the period was more than the combined profit of General Motors, Ford Motor and DaimlerChrysler for the same period and a record for a Japanese company.
Intel Corp's free art gallery Web site allows users to 'enter' two of van Gogh's most famous canvases, The Yellow House and The Bedroom, and to look under van Gogh's bed, or walk across street from house and see it as artist may have seen it as he walked home; photo (S)
Yahoo's top executives have been focused this year on an effort nicknamed Panama, after the vast canal project undertaken in the face of adversity.
Executives from Europe's largest drug companies, Smithkline Beecham, Glaxo Wellcome and AstraZeneca, are predicting that Pfizer will not only win battle for Warner-Lambert but that combination of two companies could touch off series of huge mergers, creating industry's first super companies; chief executives at drug companies say Warner-Lambert's proposed $72 billion merger with American Home Products had not overly concerned them until Pfizer stepped in with $80 billion hostile bid; Pfizer-Warner-Lambert combination would take about 7 or 8 percent market share; fight for Warner-Lambert has ignited talk in Europe that several of Continent's big drug makers will soon announce acquisitions of similar size (M)
In it the government's economist then, Kenneth J. Arrow of Stanford University, wrote that breakup remedies ''designed to return the market to equilibrium'' are ''likely to be of the form of penalizing whatever firm happens to be leading, Microsoft in this case.''
Punctuating a week of new alliances between major record companies and Internet companies, Sony Music and Universal Music said today that they planned to make their vast catalogs of music available by subscription over Yahoo.
A cappuccino at an Illy shop in Paris costs 3.50 euros, or $4.65, similar to the price at Starbucks.
Last month, General Motors was giving away Dell computers to Saturn buyers, in addition to the usual offer of zero-percent financing and big rebates that were heaviest on remaining 2003 models.
Mr. Barksdale, Netscape's 55-year-old chief executive, told a colleague that the encounter with Microsoft in June 1995 was ''the damnedest meeting I've ever attended in 35 years in business.''
Fortunately for James A. Skinner, the candidate to lead McDonald's Corporation, the answer was positive.
The conclusion was inescapable even before Wells Fargo spoke up: Berkshire had not sold many shares in the three companies.
That feature was a favorite of Jean Louis-Gassee, another former Apple executive, who founded Be Inc., and who negotiated unsuccessfully with Apple to sell them his operating system last year.
His secretary left, he said, and he was moved to an office near Pfizer's security department at a company building in Peapack, N.J.
When I worked in Birmingham for Southern Company Services, the engineering group was in an office park, on a lake that had black Russian swans.
The AT&T Corporation reported yesterday that it had a net loss in the first quarter and reiterated that second-quarter earnings targets would come in below Wall Street's expectations.
''We think it's an outrage that the Justice Department hasn't taken action to stop Microsoft,'' said James Love, director of Mr. Nader's lobbying group, the Consumer Project on Technology.
CBS Radio Sues Stern for Breach of Contract
Executives from the Intel Corporation, said yesterday that the company planned to infuse further investments to expand its chip design operations in India.
The charge reduced Citigroup's earnings for the quarter, before accounting changes and restructuring charges, by 10 cents a share.
I.B.M.
Europeans Approve Amgen Anemia Drug
But sites that pay for Yahoo's new program can guarantee that they are included in the index.
''How do you really deter Microsoft from pursuing this bundling strategy when they have bet the company on it?''
Motorola said yesterday that sales of mobile phones were expected to remain sluggish in the months ahead, with the company's overall sales in the first quarter projected to be little changed at $8.8 billion.
Although it might be many months or even longer before such a rule took effect, a consolidation of this kind at Coca-Cola could cut the company's short-term earnings and could force it to reclaim billions of dollars of debt that now resides with Coca-Cola Enterprises.
Yahoo will not charge for these services, but users will have to buy a compatible phone and pay for a wireless plan that allows for data transfer.
I.B.M.
But it is not known whether the appeals court will erode enough of his decision to justify overturning his order to split Microsoft into two companies.
Gene Sperling, the president's chief economic adviser, said the White House had received a similar briefing at the start of the government's case against Microsoft and believed another one was appropriate now, near the end.
Microsoft has asserted, among other things, that the integration of its operating system and applications software divisions into one company produces efficiencies that bring innovation.
The news agency said the stake of the Citigroup consortium would be limited.
Steven Guggenheimer, a product manager for the Microsoft Corporation, said manufacturers had expressed ''a lot of interest'' in WebTV for Windows and tuner cards.
A spokeswoman for Lockheed Martin in Palmdale, Calif., would not say what had been developed in the building.
Ford Motor Co expects to spend nearly half of its cash reserves, or $17 billion, by 2009, with most of that disappearing in next year as 40 percent of its hourly workers voluntarily leave their jobs; projects cash outflow of $10 billion from automotive operations and $7 billion related to its reorganization plan; company's financing arm Ford Motor Credit Co will spend dividend payments to Ford starting in 2007; much of money will be spent on buyout and retirement packages for 30,000 United Automobile Workers union members that Ford says opted to leave automaker; cuts will drop UAW membership to 500,000, compared with 1.5 million at its peak two decades ago; departures will occur before September 2007 and will leave Ford with its smallest work force in decades (L)
Leaders of many of the biggest global car companies, including Rick Wagoner of General Motors, Katsuaki Watanabe of Toyota, Dieter Zetsche of DaimlerChrysler and Carlos Ghosn of Renault and Nissan, will be in Paris at a seminal moment for the automobile industry.
''Our competitors are doing it and we have to do it,'' Tom Lynch, I.B.M.
Wal-Mart Stores is changing some selling strategies after poor showing over Thanksgiving weekend; will mark down two dozen of its most popular toys and electronics, run full-page ads in 15 major markets and 35 secondary markets and introduce seven 15-second television spots; will also run Internet 'circular' for first time, giving it flexibility to reduce prices again if competition gets too aggressive; Wal-Mart recorded only 0.7 percent sales increase for November among stores open at least a year, compared with its own projections of a 2 to 4 percent increase; Target, major competitor, was up 3.2 percent, in line with estimates; Thomson Financial index of overall retail sales rose 1.5 percent in November, missing 2.5 percent estimate and below last month's 4 percent; excluding Wal-Mart, index rose 2.8 percent; sales figures at other major retailers noted; graphs; photos (M)
Motorola and SimpleDevices join to offer, September, 2001, system that will wirelessly link computer with home and automobile stereos, allowing all three to share music files; photo (M)
Mr. Masin has resigned from Citigroup's board.
News Corporation would prefer to not pay such an amount to Saban just now, because the Murdochs have already committed themselves to acquiring Chris-Craft Industries, a television station company, for $3.5 billion.
Over the last year, Johnson & Johnson's stock has risen 7 percent, compared with a decline of more than 20 percent for drug stocks over all.
Microsoft claimed, under a Washington state law, that Mr. Lee violated a noncompete clause in his employment contract and misused inside information in going to work for Google.
In the case, the largest antitrust action ever brought in Europe, the commission found that Microsoft broke European Union law by using a ''near monopoly'' in its Windows operating system to squeeze out rivals in other kinds of software.
BayStar Capital, a private investment firm, said Microsoft suggested that it invest in SCO, which is engaged in a legal campaign against Linux, a rival to Microsoft's Windows.
Netscape makes a browser, the software used to navigate the World Wide Web, that is the principal competition to Microsoft's browser, and Microsoft's many-faceted effort to win the competition with Netscape is the central focus of the antitrust case.
Athletic footwear giant Nike Inc, planning to cut advertising budget by about $100 million, or one third, will focus its marketing push on soccer, sport it does not dominate, performance apparel and women's sports (M)
Exxon Mobil came under the most criticism.
(Smaller molecules, like those used by Kodak, lose their effect when diluted.)
Still, Amazon and Toys ''R'' Us are betting that specialty toys are more likely to be a winner online.
At the same time, for more than 10 years, Intel has taken unprecedented steps to insure that all of our activities and policies are in full compliance with existing law.''
The head of Yahoo's technology group, Farzad Nazem, left late last month after 11 years with the company.
Executives of Wal-Mart, of Bentonville, Ark., have repeatedly said since the raids on Oct. 23 that executives of the chain did not know about the illegal immigrants or the contractors' not paying time and a half for overtime.
''As we have told everybody, we have an arm's-length policy,'' he added in an interview, saying that both companies did not expect the venture would require any United States Government review for antitrust violations because Amazon.com already had a dominant share of the market.
Two top executives, including the chief operating officer, are leaving Mattel Inc. as part of a sweeping management reorganization announced today by the struggling toy maker.
MCI Shareholders Vote for Sale to Verizon
At the same time, smaller shopping centers have lost tenants as supermarkets were unable to withstand competition from lower-price retailers, especially Wal-Mart, which now has free-standing supermarkets.
One executive who recently left the company said he believed that Mr. Donahoe, who is currently president of eBay's marketplace unit, might have supplanted Mr. Jordan as the leading contender for the chief executive job, and for that reason Mr. Jordan chose to leave.
Prince III, Citigroup's chairman and chief executive, said in a statement.
He also noted that despite the achievement, the I.B.M.
Investor Responsibility Research Center report says many of world's largest companies are doing poor job of preparing for business impact of global warming; says most of 20 corporate giants are also failing to disclose to investors enough about financial risks they face from climate change; finds none of companies have produced dollar estimates of potential costs or benefits of climate change, like more extreme weather, or of financial impact of changing regulations on carbon emissions; adds eight companies, including General Electric, General Motors and Exxon Mobil, made no mention of climate change in filings last year with Securities and Exchange Commission (M)
Seventeen years after first marketing the personal computer based on icon and mouse, Apple Computer will introduce on Saturday the first complete revision of the operating system for its Macintosh computers.
Cox and Charter are probably interested in acquiring at least some of AT&T's systems, these people say.
American Society of Magazine Editors criticizes New Yorker magazine for not adhering to its guidelines for recent issue in which Target bought all advertising pages (S)
Web Concern Hires Officer Of Citigroup
During the trial that followed, Mr. Maritz was the company's highest-ranking official to testify, denying words that he had been accused of saying during a meeting with Intel executives: that Microsoft had intended to ''cut off Netscape Communication's air supply'' by giving away competing software for free.
Yahoo Japan, a unit of the Softbank Corporation, will offer high-speed Internet service at sharply reduced prices starting this month in Tokyo and spreading to the rest of the country in August.
''This is our way of proving that yes, Xerox really can create a fun product for people who like computers, but are not computer sophisticates,'' said Gerald M. Murch, vice president of Xerox's Connected Personal Products Group.
Top trade officials for the United States and the European Union failed on Thursday to resolve their dispute over government subsidies to aircraft manufacturers, especially Airbus and Boeing, inching closer to a clash before the World Trade Organization.
Microsoft also published an anniversary book listing every employee's name, 39,510 in all.
He had been a vocal critic of Vioxx, a Merck drug, which was withdrawn from the market.
With special items, including costs from Pfizer's merger with Warner-Lambert, which was completed in June, and costs associated with two drugs, Rezulin and Trovan, which have either been taken off the market or had sales restricted because of safety problems, net income was $1.15 billion, or 18 cents a share, compared with $1.16 billion, or 18 cents a share, in the quarter a year earlier.
Microsoft is facing huge legal expenses fighting such lawsuits.
But he made sure to make clear to Wall Street that I.B.M., which has eliminated hundreds of thousands of jobs in the last five years, would not let its costs get out of control.
Micron Technology Inc and Micron Electronics Inc, which is majority-owned by Micron Technology, report quarterly earnings that were stronger than expected; Micron Technology earned $98.6 million, up 66 percent from year earlier, and Micron Electronics earned $19.7 million, up 40 percent from year earlier (S)
Struggling to retain employees after a turbulent year, the Coca-Cola Company has instituted sweeping salary increases for the first time in at least two decades, according to company officials.
''The lesson from the I.B.M.
Since January, Biogen shares have fallen 26.6 percent.
What might Wal-Mart ultimately take to be an appropriate number of supercenters for the Northeast?
Verizon is not the only Hewitt compensation client that uses the firm for actuarial, administrative, investment advice or other services.
Sarah B. Deutsch, a vice president and lawyer for Verizon, said the company had received 200 subpoenas since then.
The $4 drugs might work best in attracting new Wal-Mart customers among the 46.6 million people in this country without health insurance.
WEB ADDRESS: www.netflix.com  THREE-MOVIE PLAN: $19.95 per month.
When I.B.M.
Asked yesterday to comment on Ms. Hayden's hiring, the corporate communications department at General Mills headquarters in Minneapolis reiterated a statement made last Thursday by Mark Addicks, chief marketing officer.
We have 250 or so people at the senior level along with AT&T Broadband's senior team.
New Software, New Scrutiny For Microsoft
But Judge Jackson's comments are almost certain to be seized by Microsoft as an example of how the judge was unable to follow the instructions of the appeals court.
World Trade Organization rules tax breaks United States gives some of its largest companies including Boeing, Microsoft and General Electric are illegal; says European Union will impose new trade sanctions in three months unless tax breaks are abolished; European Union top trade official Peter Mandelson says benefits give US exporters unfair advantage against European competitors (M)
But she acknowledged that Wal-Mart had to do something to reverse its disappointing sales numbers for November -- and the corresponding bad publicity, which she called an ''overreaction.''
Such a shift may first require Mr. Amelio and his team to acquire a sense of humor and a sense of irony, because the company's deliverance could conceivably be propelled by Jean-Louis Gassee, who was Apple's president for product development and research before falling from grace and leaving the company six years ago.
Amgen could receive good news from another of its drugs on Tuesday.
Procter's intensified interest in African-American consumers comes after it increased advertising intended for Spanish-speaking consumers.
Microsoft's disclosure could help determine the outcome of the case by bolstering Oracle's defense against the government's contention that a merger with PeopleSoft is anticompetitive.
I.B.M.
''There is  absolutely a role for us in what we call the low end,'' said Ed Graczyk, director of marketing for Microsoft TV.
The total value of the deal may grow based on ''potential performance-based consideration'' that could be worth an additional $1.5 billion, eBay said.
Lucent Technologies, Dell Computer and Agilent Technologies all have similar partnerships with CIT.
If effective, the information disclosure requirement could help ensure that Microsoft cannot use its Windows technology, or the threat of withholding the information, to disadvantage rivals in the markets for data-serving computers and software, hand-held devices and Internet software.
THE MARKETS: Market Place; Cisco's support is hardly cheap for a young software maker.
Large advertisers have approached Google and Yahoo several times asking that the company expand its systems to sell traditional advertising, said Martin Pyykkonen, senior analyst at Global Crown Capital.
The talk about that line at the Microsoft-Netscape meeting focused on the division between the operating system -- the ''platform,'' in computer terms -- and the application programs, sometimes called ''solutions,'' that run on top of the operating system.
A spokeswoman for Bank of America said that the bank was cooperating with Mr. Spitzer.
IBM, with solid quarterly results and emphatic declaration of optimism, makes strong case that recovery in technology spending is spreading to corporate buyers; Sun Microsystems, computer maker, provides another sign of improvement in corporate market; its quarterly loss narrows sharply and sales hold up better than Wall Street expected; sales and earnings for IBM for fourth quarter surpass consensus estimate on Wall Street; IBM revenues in quarter rise to $25.9 billion, 9 percent higher than same quarter year ago; company reports net income of $2.7 billion, or $1.55 a share; loss of $125 million at Sun Microsystems in second quarter, or 4 cents a share, offers glimmer of hope (M)
The Gap is revamping its boys' and young men's clothes.
To curb such moves, Microsoft is backing an industry group called the Initiative for Software Choice.
But unlike the live greeter I encountered last week stationed inside the front entrance of a real Wal-Mart -- who cheerfully steered me toward an aisle stocked with dozens of kinds of light bulbs -- Jill the Greeter was not much help.
Apple Computer Posts Loss; Sale Advice May Be Sought
It said Microsoft should be free to blend its Web browser into Windows as long as it could make a ''plausible claim'' of business efficiency or consumer benefit from doing so.
Microsoft was equally mum about Bill Gates.
But in today's brief, Microsoft makes the same argument it has put forward since 1997, that there is no such thing as a Web browser; Internet Explorer is merely a feature in Windows.
Campbell Soup Co to realign assignments among its agencies, this time involving brands with billings estimated at $100 million out of total billings of $250 million (Advertising column) (S)
Analysts are concerned that Boston Scientific has acquired Guidant as the market is slowing for the most sophisticated defibrillators -- $30,000 devices that restore normal rhythms when hearts stop beating or beat irregularly.
The Southern Union Company and the investment arm of the American International Group, the insurance giant, agreed yesterday to acquire almost 11,000 miles of mainline natural gas pipeline from CMS Energy for about $700 million in cash and to assume some $1.2 billion in debt.
Analysts who thought Boeing would earn $2.09 a share for the year sharply lowered their forecasts, to just 52 cents a share.
Those 10 or so, he said, will be in addition to three desktop Microsoft icons that Microsoft is mandating.
Citigroup expects to complete its acquisition of Golden State Bancorp, which was announced in May, in the third quarter, said Todd S. Thomson, Citigroup's chief financial officer.
''We're disappointed but not surprised, because the Supreme Court rarely hears cases like this,'' said Yanik Deschênes, a spokesman for Wal-Mart.
The Merck drug, Arcoxia, is already sold in 62 countries, but so far regulators in the United States have deferred approving the drug.
As of that day, Motorola said, it had more than $4.5 billion in cash and cash equivalents and short-term debts of $3.1 billion.
Campbell Soup Co is thinking of selling or spinning off operations with total of $1.4 billion in revenues as it concentrates on its soup, sauces, baked-goods and food-service operations, which it considers its key businesses (M)
In an unexpected turnaround, Adobe Systems called yesterday for the release of a Russian programmer accused of violating American copyright law after he helped create software that can crack Adobe's security software for electronic books.
After Years at Top, McDonald's Strives To Regain Ground
And it agreed to keep what remains of McDonnell Douglas's small commercial aircraft business a legally separate entity for a number of years, so as to prevent its being used to extend Boeing's control over the market.
Microsoft and Yahoo have been drawn into the search business in part because of Google's profitability and rapidly growing revenue -- $962 million for the quarter that ended in June, up from $389 million in the previous quarter.
The disclosure of the Microsoft-SAP talks points to future competition in business software.
But Boeing is now likely to be given a chance to bid on the order.
Several analysts said the deal seemed to represent a strategic shift for Johnson & Johnson by increasing its smallest division -- consumer health -- to a size closer to the company's more dominant pharmaceutical and medical device divisions.
Johnson & Johnson indicates to Guidant Corp that it wants to renegotiate lower price than $25.4 billion it agreed to pay in December; Guidant insists deal be completed as agreed; any disputes between companies, if not resolved, could erupt into court battle; Guidant in recent months has recalled tens of thousands of implantable heart devices like defibrillators and pacemakers; Food and Drug Administration is investigating company's handling of product-related safety issues (M)
While Mr. Condit may have been more warmly regarded inside Boeing, Mr. Stonecipher's style has always been liked on Wall Street, where he won high marks for eliminating jobs and cutting programs.
I.B.M.
Lawyers for Boeing said that did not trouble them because W.T.O.
As a result, ''45 percent of Coke Zero sales are incremental'' rather than borrowed from Diet Coke, he added, which is encouraging because Coca-Cola initially worried about cannibalization.
cable or (if your corporation uses Microsoft Exchange Server) wirelessly, over the air.
But the verdict leaves unanswered what exactly General Motors did that was reprehensible.
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter, extending its Internet information service to wireless distribution in Japan and Europe, says it plans to give its institutional customers access to research, stock recommendations and financial news over mobile telephones (S)
A Microsoft official, acknowledging yesterday that the worm disrupts a computer's operations, said it did not appear to destroy files on the hard drive or permanently damage the machine.
''Given Wal-Mart's antipathy for unions and its aggressiveness in fighting them, what Coughlin fabricated appeared to be real.''
"What's significant is that we will finally have a level playing field with A.T.& T.," Mr. McGowan said in an interview with The New York Times in 1984.
At one point, there was speculation that Rupert Murdoch, the chairman of the News Corporation, was considering buying out the Primestar partners as a way of circumventing antitrust issues, but no deal went through.
(Wachovia, which is leasing space on a sign far above the Target signs, between the 33rd and 37th floors of Times Square Tower, will remain there.)
So it was no easy task when Mr. Addoms walked into a conference room at the airline's headquarters here in mid-October and told a top Boeing salesman that Frontier would be swapping its 20-plane fleet of 737's for jets made by Airbus Industrie, the European consortium that is Boeing's sole rival.
Amgen will soon seek F.D.A.
The trial, which had been expected to last as long as three months, ended before Microsoft began to present its case.
Comcast executives said they were not willing to lower prices to customers to compete with the phone companies because they would need to pick up 250,000 customers for every dollar reduction in price to compensate for the lost revenue.
If not, Microsoft could be forced to pay fines of as much as 5 percent of its global sales every day until it complies.
The problems represent a setback to Daniel P. Burnham, who took over as Raytheon's chief executive in December 1998 after having had success running the aerospace business of AlliedSignal.
The price at which Cox and Comcast will be allowed to buy those shares was not announced, but executives involved in the deal said it was about $30.
Unlike an American Express charge card, the World card will offer a credit line for those who want to pay their balances over time.
The legislative push underscores state lawmakers' growing frustration with the progress of federal health care reform and the success of a union effort to turn Wal-Mart into a symbol of everything that is wrong with the system.
At the same time, Wal-Mart will invest $500,000 in local chambers of commerce, to be used for small-business Web sites and business improvement seminars.
The jets under consideration include the Hawk ZJ100 from BAE Systems of Britain, the MIG-AT from Russia and the L159B trainer made by the Czech state-run company Aero Vodochody, which is 35 percent owned by the Boeing Company.
Interpublic managers had red faces after Wal-Mart called off the decision to hire Draft FCB.
But the deals, intended to expand Verizon's and SBC's rosters of corporate customers, mean that after benefiting from the price wars of recent years many American businesses will have only two main options for buying a full range of voice and data services, instead of the four big stand-alone vendors that were competing just last month.
Pfizer made a point to state that Warner-Lambert's tactics to avoid a takeover could harm the combined company if Pfizer's takeover bid was successful.
I.B.M.
But Ms. Lowry pressed Ms. Ernst to acknowledge that she had contacted a lawyer about a possible lawsuit against Merck much sooner -- about three months after her husband's death.
The Rapid Restore Ultra program from I.B.M.
The state would be better off, Mr. Horn said, if it hired independent companies to provide health counseling for Medicaid recipients and forced Pfizer and other drug companies to provide rebates for its drugs.
The alumni association of the University of California did not know that MBNA was switching some of its members to American Express until they started calling to complain, said Mark E. Appel, the association's chief operating officer.
As expected, Allied Signal Inc., the diversified manufacturer, and Honeywell Inc., the Minneapolis-based maker of electronic controls, will announce today that they will merge, in a stock swap valued around $14 billion.
Microsoft Profit and Revenue Up 11% on Strength of Games and Servers
Intel shares rose 67 cents, or 3.8 percent, to $18.39.
Marriott said the wireless Internet service, commonly known as Wi-Fi, was available in hotel lobbies, meeting rooms and other public spaces.
IBM introduces software, snippet of code under 100 lines long, that sharply increases performance of its PowerNP network management microprocessor; software gives processor more flexibility in allocating bandwidth priority on computer networks like the Internet (S)
Auto executives at Frankfurt International Motor Show are looking concentrating on China, where sales of cars and trucks are growing at annual rate of more than 50 percent; General Motors chairman Rick Wagoner says growth in China is amazing; DaimlerChrysler chief executive Jurgen E Schrempp predicts China will be world's second-largest car market, after US, with 8 percent of global sales; photo (M)
Some retail executives who have spoken with the parties involved in the negotiations say Gap Inc. has filled the void, a deal that at first glance appears a good fit for Amazon's customer base.
Procter & Gamble realigns ad agency roster in respose to closing of one of its biggest agencies, D'Arcy Masius Benton & Bowles; divides virtually all of its accounts between shops owned by two big agency companies, Grey Global Group and Publicis Groupe (S)
As part of the revamping, United Technologies sold its auto parts units to the Lear Corporation last March for $2.3 billion.
The effect on A.T.& T.'s fourth-quarter revenue would be to raise it to $16.46 billion, compared with $16.55 billion in the 1990 quarter.
The Justice Department canceled a noon news conference yesterday when it had been expected to announce that the Federal Government and several states were filing antitrust suits against Microsoft.
PNC manages accounts for individuals -- including, she said, ''a lot of Merck.''
''Xerox has annoyed its customers and its employees, and that's giving us one of our best years ever,'' said Jim Ivy, president of Ricoh's Office Products Group.
The United States claims this has allowed Airbus to erode Boeing's dominance of civil aviation, forcing it to cut its commercial production by 60 percent over the last five years and pare its work force by 40,000 people.
''The only precedent that has been set is that a remedy that removes features from Windows will not cause irreparable harm to Microsoft,'' said Bradford L. Smith, Microsoft's general counsel.
Tim Luke, an analyst with Lehman Brothers, called Intel's guidance for the first quarter ''disappointing,'' and he said it would lead investors to question whether Intel could stem the loss of market share as quickly as company executives would like.
Bill Gates, Microsoft's co-founder and chairman, demonstrated a mockup of his proposed cellular PC at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas earlier this month, and he mentioned it as a cheaper alternative to traditional PC's and laptops during a public discussion here at the annual meeting of the World Economic Forum.
Before Intel posted its results, its shares closed at $26.14, down 10 cents.
''All the things they're trying to do are dangerous,'' Mr. Gates was quoted as saying, according to notes taken by an Intel executive and introduced as evidence in the Microsoft trial.
While Amgen sponsors the creation of the guidelines and donated $4 million to the foundation last year, both the foundation and the company say that the company does not control which doctors are chosen for the panel or influence their choice of treatment.
These lawyers say they will not settle the case unless Wal-Mart makes ironclad pledges to treat women better and agrees to a substantial settlement, larger than any previous settlement in a job-discrimination case.
Dylan Raap buys full scholarship to Nyenrode Business Universiteit, Netherlands, in eBay auction for $36,000; another scholarship is bought by someone in China for equivalent of $8,500 (M)
Mr. Gates said, ''The government's proposal would take away Microsoft's property'' even though ''Microsoft spent millions of dollars to develop these products.''
''This comment from Mr. Ellison should be seen for what it is: looking for excuses for why the NC has failed,'' Mr. Shaw said, using the initials of Oracle's Network Computer concept.
's chief executive, said that despite Intel's significant manufacturing capacity advantage with the new technology, A.M.D.
The company also said that it had earned $91 million, or 2 cents a share, for 2002 as a whole, making it Xerox's first profitable year since 1999.
case asserted that the defendants had been fed illicit tips about  the takeover plans of AT&T, the nation's biggest long-distance telephone company.
Pfizer has asked several agencies on its roster to develop new creative ideas for the direct-to-consumer account of Viagra, which is handled by Cline Davis & Mann in New York, part of the Omnicom Group.
Kellogg also announced that it would stop using licensed characters or branded toys to promote foods unless the products meet the nutrition guidelines.
As one of the most colorful and influential figures in media and business, the News Corporation chief is a frequent subject in The Journal, and not always in ways that please him.
The Carnival Corporation said on Monday that the conflict was hurting its cruise bookings to the eastern Mediterranean, causing cancellations that would likely affect its earnings.
Having made more than $20 billion worth of acquisitions over the last four years, Philip M. Condit, Boeing's chairman and chief executive, has done more than any of his predecessors to diversify the company.
Pfizer hoped the mergers ''would magically fill empty product lines,'' Dr. Wolfe said.
The TravelMate has an Intel Celeron M processor running at 1.6 gigahertz, 512 megabytes of RAM and an 80-gigabyte hard drive.
John Frank, a senior corporate lawyer for Microsoft, called the merging of the two separate antitrust actions ''a constructive step forward.''
Interpublic has also been in talks to buy True North.
The other group that Oracle acknowledged was a target of the investigation, the Association for Competitive Technology, is a pro-Microsoft trade group.
Last month, Mattel announced that it had hired Bernard Stolar, a respected software executive, to turn around the unit, known for the Reader Rabbit and Carmen Sandiego titles.
2 in home shopping to Comcast's QVC.
And I.B.M.
Oracle Corp formally introduces next generation of its own database software; also announces flat rates for use of its database, replacing variable rate (M)
The Washington Post added in $17 billion of Time Warner debt to arrive at $183 billion.
ABC's ratings were not severely affected Monday night, even with Time Warner blacking out 3.5 million of the 100 million homes with television sets.
''We understand the importance of security, but it is our view that Verizon is taking advantage of a tragic situation,'' said Royce Holland, chief executive of Allegiance Telecom, a telecommunications company based in Dallas.
CISCO EXPANDING IN INDIA
Microsoft will rest its case on Friday, and as the judge's questions this afternoon demonstrated, the trial has not gone well for the company.
They have met with management at Sensormatic and Fleming, are scheduled to meet with executives of Summit in late February, and are trying to set up meetings at Apple and Bassett.
The war room, which is part of a larger Wal-Mart effort to portray itself as more worker-friendly and environmentally conscious, runs counter to the philosophy of the chain's founder, Sam Walton.
Motorola said yesterday that it would lose money in the third quarter and that it planned to cut 4,000 more jobs than it had previously announced.
In the ruling two years ago, the commission branded Microsoft a monopoly abuser, ordered it to change its business practices in Europe and fined it 497 million euros for using the ubiquity of Windows to extend its dominance to other sectors of the software market, like server systems.
That sounds suspiciously like the old ''Kodak Moment'' slogan, but don't read too quickly over the crucial word ''share.''
In an e-mail message sent after the interview, Mr. Pickrell said he received e-mail from many groups, including those opposed to Wal-Mart, which he uses as a starting point to ''do my own research on a topic.''
In 2010, Lipitor, Pfizer's cholesterol-lowering drug that is the world's top-selling medicine, will become subject to competition in the United States, jeopardizing more than $7 billion in sales.
Like so many other midmarket department stores, Mervyn's, based in the San Francisco Bay area, has had problems competing with other discounters, including Target.
Blinkit is available from Apple stores or at www.blinkitnow.com.
A.T.& T. said yesterday that it had named five finalists in a review for its consumer long-distance direct marketing account, currently divided among several agencies.
We will always be in Microsoft's cross hairs.''
Although the quarter did not have the kind of huge positive surprise Microsoft has delivered in the past, analysts said it was still a solid performance that should reassure technology investors about the health of the overall computer market.
Mr. Case was worried that the balance of power on the Internet would shift from those that simply aggregated content created by others -- as AOL and Yahoo have done -- to the content creators like Time Warner.
''This is a victory for the tens of thousands of doctors who were lied to by Merck about the dangers of Vioxx.''
The analysts said the American International Group and General Electric, which has a big insurance business, were two likely buyers.
At Wal-Mart, ''we don't care for it at all,'' Mr. Williams said.
But even though it outstrips many of its competitors, Comcast is in the same situation as the rest of the communications industry in having a long way to go before it makes high-speed Internet service into anything resembling a mainstream service.
But Dr. Peter S. Kim, Merck's chief scientist, said the company stood by the overall findings it reported in 2005 -- including the conclusion that the drug's heart risks were not apparent if patients took it less than 18 months.
It is not clear, even after America Online's extraordinary bid for Time Warner, that this huge merged company will be able to get off the steps in China -- or elsewhere in Asia.
Many analysts expect Mr. Immelt to prevail, but they say that the Honeywell merger makes it less likely that the also-rans will leave the company.
James Stillman Rockefeller, who helped capture Olympic rowing title for US before banking career with company that eventually became Citigroup, dies at age 102; photo (M)
10 Internet-enabled taxis hit streets of New York City in venture operated by Yahoo, Team Systems, large taxi fleet operator, and Medallion Financial, which provides loans for taxi operators; purple and yellow taxis are equipped with Palm hand-held computer, offering passengers access to Internet at no extra cost; photo (S)
Wal-Mart is also trying to integrate acquisitions with more sensitivity -- a process that involves issues like deciding whether to consolidate multiple foreign headquarters and how aggressively to impose Wal-Mart's corporate culture on non-American employees.
Boeing has transformed itself in Mr. Condit's tenure, buying the space division of Rockwell International for $3.2 billion in 1996 and its longtime rival, the McDonnell Douglas Corporation, for $14 billion the following year.
Now an I.B.M.
AT&T's entry into the Internet market is certain to be followed by many of the regional Bell operating companies.
In particular, I.B.M.
Last July, after years of hoping that maybe, just maybe, Kodak's once stellar film business could survive the digital juggernaut, its chairman, Daniel A. Carp, finally cried uncle.
Comcast, for its part, had to spend $170 million to assemble a national network connecting its local systems to the global Internet.
Executives at both Martha Stewart Living and Costco said they were still in the testing and tasting phase of their collaboration and had not yet chosen products for the new line.
Verizon Wireless said it would vet the videos to make sure they met the company's editorial and taste guidelines.
Microsoft's argument, in essence, is that Windows is a term for the window feature of the company's product that, by dint of Microsoft's huge investment, has acquired a powerful ''secondary meaning.''
''Alone, neither Kodak nor Danka had a wide enough product line to offer full document processing solutions to customers,'' said Daniel M. Doyle, Danka's chief executive.
But because New York will not impose the same liabilities on those who buy predatory mortgages in the secondary market, the laws are less worrisome to the two rating agencies, Moody's Investors Service and Fitch Ratings.
In any event, the announcement was big news here: ''the Boeing Bombshell,'' as one television station described it.
Some analysts also said they expected General Mills to sell some Pillsbury businesses, including Green Giant frozen vegetables and Progresso soups, that do not fit neatly into the existing lineup.
Often within hours of their arrival, the items are posted on eBay -- or in some cases, on Yahoo and Amazon, too, because a flood of items on just one site tends to diminish the products' final selling price.
Three years ago, Alibaba set up a rival electronic commerce site, Taobao, which has since passed eBay to dominate the market through steps like taking the lead in eliminating user fees.
Additionally, newspapers will be able to sell local advertisements on certain Yahoo properties, and their articles will appear on Yahoo's news, finance and sports Web sites.
The new company, to be called Sprint Nextel, will join Cingular Wireless, which has 46 million subscribers, and Verizon Wireless, with 42 million, in an elite trio that will control three-quarters of the market.
Target Chain, Citing Costs, to Stop Selling Cigarettes
In turn, American Express will earn a portion of every purchase, and its cardholders from other countries will have access to the merchants in I.C.B.C.
Intel executives said they expected gross margins to reach about 62 percent in 2004, a 5 percent improvement over last year.
The Intel Corporation, the largest semiconductor maker, announced on Tuesday a new manufacturing process to make chips for cellphones and other mobile devices that use far less power than is currently possible, thus helping extend battery life.
International Paper Co agrees to sell its Anchor pressroom chemicals business to Fuji Hunt Photographic Chemicals Inc, unit of Fuji Photo Film Co; terms undisclosed (S)
drops efforts to sell Hughes to EchoStar, maybe opening the way for a bid by News Corp.
The acquisition would give Yahoo greater ability to compete with Google in providing comprehensive Internet search services.
Computer and Communications Industry Association, alliance of technology companies, files new complaint with European antitrust regulators about Windows XP operating system of Microsoft, just as regulators are nearing end of probe into earlier versions of Windows; alliance includes Sun Microsystems, Nokia, AOL Time Warner, Eastman Kodak, Fujitsu and Oracle (M)
Nike, which has persuaded four teams to try out the uniforms -- the Florida Gators wore them once, on Feb. 27, and lost to Tennessee, 86-76 -- said it was merely picking up on existing trends.
Federal Trade Commission staff recommends that agency approve proposed $4 billion merger of office supply discounters Staples Inc and Office Depot Inc (S)
The Pentium II's are a good value for business applications, and Intel cut prices for the chips by 15 to 20 percent earlier this week.
''Palm talks a lot about simplicity, but we think you can have simplicity without compromise,'' said Ben Waldman, vice president of Microsoft's mobile devices division.
Merck officials have long said that the earlier studies, like the Kaiser one, were not definitive because they were surveys based on patient records, rather than a clinical trial in which a drug's effectiveness and side effects are measured against a placebo in real time.
California's electric power crisis is inevitable result of ill-designed deregulation program that state put in place three years ago; much of California's immense electric bill has been paid to companies based outside state, with owners of power plants and concerns that trade and market electricity capturing of it, but more than one-third of the electricity sold in state by these companies used to be controlled by Pacific Gas and Electric and Southern California Edison until deregulation forced them to sell the power plants; graph; photos (M)
Rupert Murdoch gave the cold shoulder to his largest shareholder, John C. Malone, yesterday by extending a poison pill that blocks Mr. Malone's Liberty Media Corporation from buying more shares of Mr. Murdoch's News Corporation.
As a forced seller, Carnival would probably have to sell the businesses for less than they cost to buy, calling the rationale of the larger deal into question.
Procter & Gamble -- whose consumer brands include Tide, Pampers and Crest -- could announce as early as today that it is proceeding with formal merger negotiations, a person close to the talks said.
Pfizer is already being conservative about raising its prices, they say, noting that it has increased its price for Lipitor only modestly since acquiring it in the 2000 acquisition of Warner-Lambert.
Mr. Theroux said the Institute was advocating free-market policies for years before Microsoft ever became a supporter.
NEW hand-held computers based on an operating system called Microsoft Windows C. E. are small enough to stuff in a Christmas stocking.
The dispute between Mr. Negroponte and Mr. Barrett, who was formerly Intel's chief executive and who is now chairman of the United Nations Global Alliance for Information and Communications Technologies and Development, covered both substance and philosophy at the annual digital divide meeting, which has been presented for three years by David Kirkpatrick, a columnist for Fortune magazine.
''These things can go on for years, and Microsoft in general is not known for paying, particularly in this kind of sum.''
Now, as Yahoo faces challenging times again, Ms. Decker's credibility is being rewarded and tested.
In the trial, Microsoft did claim that there was prior art that undermined the claims of the Eolas patent.
EBay disputes the 90 percent figure and says it is only beginning to expand its new antipiracy measures to the software category.
On the New York Stock Exchange yesterday, Interpublic shares closed at $34.21, up 4 cents, and True North shares closed at $38.35, up 23 cents.
The ground contaminants are a byproduct of chemicals called volatile organic compounds that were used as degreasers by local industries, including I.B.M.
''We've got a lot of plans for different channels but we haven't chosen which way we will go,'' Mr. Murdoch said yesterday on ''Your World with Neil Cavuto'' on Fox News.
James R. Renner, head of Wells Fargo's leasing and equipment finance business for the last 13 years, will retire at the end of the year.
Old Apple computers and Sinclair Spectrums are also popular.
''We have kept the commission very closely informed of all Microsoft's plans for new technology development and we will continue to respond quickly and comprehensively to any requests for information,'' Horacio Gutierrez, associate general counsel for Microsoft in Europe, the Middle East and Africa, said in a statement.
The A3XX, he said, with an estimated list price of up to $220 million, will be costlier than Boeing's biggest plane, the 747-400, which costs up to $180 million, ''but we are not talking double the price.''
Mr. Holland has been buying Citigroup stock in recent weeks.
But Mr. Allen also got 750,000 stock options to buy AT&T stock at $63.50; the stock closed today at $64, down $1 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Be and Power said they would announce more details, including available applications and developer kits, at an Apple computer exposition in San Francisco in January.
The insurance giant American International Group acknowledged yesterday that its accounting for a number of transactions, including a deal with a unit of Warren E. Buffett's company, was improper.
Planned $2.26 billion sale of Burger King is scuttled after its parent Diageo PLC acknowledges that group of financiers--Texas Pacific Group, Goldman Sachs & Co and Bain Capital--that had agreed to acquire it backs out of deal; Warren E Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway is taking serious look at possible offer; photo (M)
The Eastman Kodak Company said yesterday that the Securities and Exchange Commission was conducting an informal inquiry into its restatement of earnings for 2003 and the first three quarters of 2004.
Microsoft Corp is undertaking closed review for part of its account that advertises Windows operating system in US, after withdrawing that assignment from Wieden & Kennedy; spending has not been determined (Advertising column) (S)
The Federal Trade Commission filed an antitrust suit today against the Intel Corporation, accusing the company of threatening and actually injuring three computer manufacturers, including the Compaq Computer Corporation, in an attempt to coerce them to turn over rights to patented technologies.
He found inventive ways to raise money for Columbia Pictures, which Coca-Cola acquired in 1982.
The fraud inquiry is based on evidence provided by former MCI executives and on technical information supplied by AT&T and two other MCI rivals, SBC Communications and Verizon.
Bernie Skelding, a vacationer shopping at a Wal-Mart in Huntsville, Ontario, north of Toronto, said he liked going to the store when he had a varied shopping list.
News Corp. Official Who Led Satellite Talks Quits
Alcoa rose 35 cents, to $36.28, and International Paper gained $1.10, to $37.36.
For the first time, Motorola is joining the technology industry trend of issuing its earnings on a ''pro forma'' basis.
On the other, MCI's global long-distance network will help Verizon provide national and international services for its corporate customers in the Northeast.
CBS and Warner Brothers will be 50-50 owners of the venture, which will broadcast 30 hours a week, including prime time, some daytime shows, and the Kids' WB children's block.
Comcast has indicated that it will generate about $2 billion of free cash flow this year, after years of investing its cash in cable.
For the year, Cisco reported earnings of $2.67 billion, or 36 cents a diluted share, compared with $2.02 billion, or 29 cents a share, for fiscal 1999.
In its filing on Monday, the Justice Department is certain to oppose most of the substantive changes, like Microsoft's proposal to delete the prohibition on continuing to offer special marketing deals to certain computer manufacturers.
Proposed merger of nation's largest and third-biggest cable television companies is seen reflecting sea change in regulatory thinking of Washington policy makers; series of favorable court decisions this year and appointment by Pres Bush of senior regulators skeptical of old rules have ushered in new era of deregulation in telecommunications; as result, proposed deal between AT&T and Comcast, which would have been unthinkable only year ago, is not expected to encounter any serious impediments; photo of Michael Powell, new chmn of FCC (M)
Internet service misstated the surname of a senior vice president at Yahoo, a competitor of Microsoft's MSN service, who said Yahoo would continue to explore deals with D.S.L.
Morgan Stanley's Income Increases 21% in Quarter
THE MARKETS: Market Place; AT&T and AOL are very different and yet very much alike.
''The playing field is being leveled, and it's Comcast's mountain that is getting leveled more than AT&T's,'' said Leo Hindery Jr., a former cable executive and a partner at the private equity firm InterMedia Partners.
Netflix is in a good position to compete, Mr. Hastings said, because it is profitable, it has $175 million in the bank and it has 2.2 million subscribers, by far the most in the market.
The problem has been worsened by the strength of the dollar, which has made Kodak's products relatively more expensive overseas.
At the same time, it is possible that Guidant could sue Johnson & Johnson to try to keep it from breaking the deal.
According to the executives, the deal, if it occurs, would consist of an asset swap, with Citigroup exchanging its asset management unit for Legg Mason's brokers, as well as cash and stock.
Earlier this year, a merchant using the eBay seller name Liquidationuniverse, which sold computers on eBay and displayed the SquareTrade logo, took orders from hundreds of customers and then failed to deliver the items.
Exxon Mobil said it was taking steps to minimize emissions of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases from its operations.
If P&O Princess rejects Carnival's latest offer, which represents a 34 percent premium over P&O's current stock price, he added, that would raise the question, ''Is our management acting in the interests of shareholders, or in the interests of management?''
'Baby Bells' Protest A.T.& T.-McCaw Deal
Motorola, looking for new chief executive as it struggles to reverse long-term decline in its business, narrows its search to two candidates and will announce choice soon; says one is president Mike S Zafirovski and second is from outside company; refuses to comment on report job will go to Sun Microsystems' retired president-chief operating officer Edward J Zander; new chief would succeed Christopher B Galvin, who is retiring (M)
Mr. Ware said, ''The Coca-Cola Company has had a longstanding relationship with Rev.
A draft decision to block the proposed acquisition of Honeywell International by General Electric was endorsed today by a panel of European regulators.
Microsoft gives its strongest signal yet that it hopes to reach settlement of European Union's long-running antitrust case; Microsoft general manager Brad Smith makes eight-hour presentation in second day of three-day hearing on accusations that it unfairly dominated market for operating software (M)
But the move also comes at a time when Microsoft is facing many challenges from competitors who are not like the traditional software companies that Microsoft has consistently beaten back over the years.
National Transportation Safety Board says changes should be made in thousands of Boeing 737's to assure that no more crashes occur because of single mechanical failure in plane's rudder control mechanism; declines to specify what modifications should be made in control system; recommendation for world's most popular airliner, based on investigation of two crashes and several smaller mishaps, could be among most far-reaching board has ever made; Boeing Co says it knows of no problems that would not be solved by changes currently under war; Federal Aviation Administration says it does not understand what board meant when it recommended making system pilots use for moving rudder 'reliably redundant' (M)
Lately, Oracle has softened its position, saying it would support some of the PeopleSoft software for 10 years.
The industry says that beef is less of a problem because McDonald's hamburger meat comes from dairy cows, which do not routinely receive antibiotics in their feed.
The matter began a year ago when Morgan Stanley dismissed Mr. Curry shortly after photos of him appeared in Playguy, a pornographic magazine.
Chambers said Cisco was having robust growth in almost all the other areas of the world.
Both Time Warner and TCI would like consumers to be able to buy modems off the shelf for use anywhere in the country.
Advertising column on Wells BDDP's loss of its biggest remaining account, Procter & Gamble Co, which cited management upheaval at agency for its decision to go elsewhere after 30 years; loss will result in layoffs at Wells BDDP; this is second time in 1990's that Wells BBDP has been plagued by account losses and staff tumult (M)
Microsoft Corp reports second-quarter revenue of $7.74 billion, increase of 18 percent from $6.55 billion year ago; operating income was $2.84 billion, up from $2.62 billion year ago (M)
Because of an editing error, an article in Business Day yesterday  about plans by the Boeing Company to hire as many as 5,000 new employees misstated the change in the company's stock price on Tuesday.
Server sales edged ahead of the information worker group, mainly Microsoft's Office suite, which reported a 6 percent increase in sales, to $3.1 billion.
The complaints, filed in federal courts across the country, have named more than 40 fund managers, including Merrill Lynch, Vanguard, Wells Fargo, Janus and Dreyfus, accusing them of violating their fiduciary duty to investors by failing to file claims for money from settlements of shareholder lawsuits.
Symantec recently�
Executives at private equity firms, hedge funds and private banking companies are in big demand as global firms like Lehman Brothers, Credit Suisse and Goldman Sachs expand rapidly in India.
Two months into the quarter, which ends Sept. 29, Intel said it expected to report revenues ''slightly below the midpoint'' of its July forecast of $6.2 billion to $6.8 billion.
One involves a wide-ranging complaint about the dominance of Windows, Microsoft's operating system.
Michael M Sears, former chief financial officer for Boeing Co, is expected to plead guilty in early August on charge stemming from job offer to Darleen A Druyan, Pentagon official who negotiated on behalf of government in multibillion-dollar contract for fighter jets, cargo planes and other equipment; is expected to serve little or no jail time on single count of aiding and abetting (S)
In his blog, Mr. Stern wrote, ''Wal-Mart provides a chilling example of the damage that low-wage, nonunion corporations can wreak, and their business model is going to set the standards for our children unless we do something now.''
Much depends on the individual deals that were struck by Halliburton and plaintiffs' lawyers around the country.
Contract negotiations between Verizon Communications and representatives of striking workers take turn for worse on third day of walkout by more than 86,000 employees dimming hopes for quick resolution; photo (M)
He noted that Ms. Catz had helped build Softbank, the Japanese company founded by Masayoshi Son, but joined Oracle because she was tired of the extensive travel required by her work as a banker.
Big Investment in Comcast
The remedy phase of legal proceedings, which will occur after trial if the Government wins, is when the key public policy issues in the Microsoft case will be addressed.
Although the new chips are only slightly faster than their predecessors, which run at 1.8 gigahertz, Intel and computer makers voiced hope that the Microsoft Windows XP operating system, due out in October, and the round number of the two-gigahertz chips might jump-start the struggling market for personal computers.
''It's great they have it here and there's no reason for them not to,'' said Lorraine Laighold, an Upper West Side resident and regular Whole Foods shopper.
Interpublic Group of Companies says net income in fourth quarter was $20.3 million compared with restated net income of $96.4 million year earlier; revenue was $1.67 billion, down 3.8 percent from $1.73 billion; net income in 2002 was $99.5 million in contrast to restated loss of $534.5 million in 2001; revenue was $6.2 billion, down 8.7 percent from $6.79 billion; top executives warn of possible additional write-downs in current quarter along with further layoffs, and lower their forecasts for revenue and net income per share for 2003 (M)
Without the charge, Intel had earnings of 81 cents a share.
KPMG did give Xerox a sharp slap on the wrist, saying the company had run afoul of generally accepted accounting principles.
''Microsoft can dictate the technology specifications and programming interfaces.''
In after-hours trading, Micron Technology shares rose to $42.875, up from its close of $41.75.
Bank of America says it will compete with Citigroup for Mexican and Mexican-American customers in the United States.
Mr. Black, in his fervor to find I.B.M.
Alex S. Jones, the director of the Joan Shorenstein Center on the Press, Politics and Public Policy at Harvard University, said that by reporting the news with such an American perspective, Fox News was failing to explain the evolution of the other side's motivation against the United States.
NextWave Telecom, a bankrupt wireless communications company that now controls the licenses, has agreed to pay Verizon Wireless more than $100 million and pay AT&T Wireless about $25 million to help reach the settlement.
Dr. Knill and Dr. Laflamme's error-correcting algorithm is still quite simple, compared with, say, Microsoft Word, but it is one of the most complex pieces of quantum software yet run.
Under terms of the deal, which the boards of both companies approved yesterday, Con Edison, based in Manhattan, will pay $25 a share in cash and stock for the outstanding shares of Northeast, based in Berlin, Conn. An additional $1 a share will be paid if units 2 and 3 of Millstone are sold.
Technology Briefing
Analysis of moves Marsh & McLennan, world's largest insurance broker, must make to survive New York State criminal probe into charges it cheated clients; imminent resignation of chairman and chief executive Jeffrey Greenberg is seen as only first step; Marsh's independent directors are reportedly already running company and deciding its legal strategies; are working on package of reforms to show Atty Gen Eliot Spitzer that they are serious about changing corporate culture; have little choice but to follow Spitzer's lead; photos (M)
In a takeover battle in 1999 that pitted Comcast against AT&T for control of the MediaOne Group, the bidding generated $345 million in fees for investment bankers, lawyers and accountants.
Wieden & Kennedy was selected based on the ''good work'' the agency has done for the company, he added, such as sports-theme campaigns for the flagship Coca-Cola brand.
As a result, AT&T said, its business-services revenue declined by 3 percent in the fourth quarter, to $6.6 billion.
IBM forms business unit to sell design assistance, production management and other services to electronics companies eager to outsource aspects of production; division, IBM Engineering and Technology Services, will seek to distinguish itself by supplying best solutions to clients' needs -- regardless of source of those solutions (M)
TECHNOLOGY  Correction:  July 18, 2000, Tuesday  An article in Business Day yesterday about software research at Microsoft based in part on a statistical technique developed by Thomas Bayes, an English mathematician and clergyman, misstated the century in which he worked.
But Microsoft may still have out-maneuvered the states procedurally.
Ellen Schneier, a nurse in New York who is disabled by colon cancer, said she stayed with her Aetna Medicare H.M.O., even after it stopped paying for drugs on Jan. 1, because the Aetna network still includes her doctors at Mount Sinai Medical Center.
The issue of drug advertising directly aimed at consumers was thrust into the news recently when Merck withdrew its arthritis painkiller Vioxx from the market, citing studies indicating a risk of heart attacks or strokes.
Microsoft Corp agrees to make changes in children's version of its Passport authorization software after Children's Advertising Review Unit of Better Business Bureau challenges service over issues of parental control and privacy; one of group's concerns is that many of Microsoft Kids Passport sites offer chat rooms and other public forums that are designed to allow users to communicate and exchange information like names, e-mail addresses and phone numbers (M)
But when Johnson & Johnson responded by forcing Guidant to accept a 15 percent cut in the value of the merger deal, Boston Scientific's confidence in the heart rhythm market was strong enough for it to leap in with a higher offer.
regulations, said Jeff Williams, head of the telecommunications investment banking practice at Morgan Stanley, and an adviser to A.T.& T., Southwestern Bell and other companies with the urge to merge.
Hynix Semiconductor yielded to government pressure and agreed to break up the company after rejecting a deal last week for Micron Technology to take over its memory-chip plants.
Drill is a venture of John Brown Publishing, a British custom magazine publisher that produces titles from companies like Nike and Charles Schwab, and two American investors.
Mark Murray, a Microsoft spokesman, said the company decided to issue the subpoenas late last week, after a United States District Court judge ordered Microsoft to turn over more records requested by the Justice Department.
When Intergraph threatened to enforce those patents, the companies turned to Intel and asked to be indemnified.
Just seven months into the turnaround plan it calls the ''Way Forward,'' the Ford Motor Company said Thursday it would speed up and expand the plan after it reported a second-quarter loss and falling market share.
Charlie Wolf, an analyst with UBS Warburg, said he believed that Apple's problems were surmountable.
Software companies, like Microsoft, typically guard their source code as a trade secret, and certainly do not allow outsiders to modify or redistribute it.
Intel, which makes about 85 percent of the world's computer processors, announced last week that each of its new Pentium III chips would have an identifying serial number that would enhance the security of electronic commerce and guard against software piracy.
Apple leased the building two months ago from Andrew Zamel, who operated the coffee shop for 40 years, ''for close to $800,000 a year,'' said Darrell Rubens of Winick Realty, who brokered the deal.
Southwest Airlines, the nation's largest low-fare airline, is the dominant carrier at Burbank, but does not operate transcontinental flights from there.
Citigroup's shares closed at $49.87, down 32 cents.
AT&T has conducted trials in several cities involving upgraded software that permits limited interactive features, like news tickers and games.
''Fifty percent of the retail growth in the food channel is going directly to Wal-Mart, which means that by January 2003 their supercenter sales will be greater than their No.
American Express Co, hoping to foil counterfeiters, introduces redesigned traveler's checks that it says are safer and easier for merchants to verify; new checks are on sale in US and will be available in other countries in September; checks have been redesigned only three times since 1891, the last time in 1994 (L)
Harry C. Stonecipher, chief executive of Boeing, said in a statement that he hoped that the two sides would reach an agreement to end subsidies and ''establish much-needed balance in the commercial aircraft market.''
Looking forward, Mr. Maffei said Microsoft expected fiscal fourth-quarter revenue to grow by about $500 million compared with the third quarter, reflecting the release of Office 2000, which began shipping this month.
Richard Greenfield, who follows the News Corporation for Fulcrum Global Partners, said the Fox purchase is different from the Cox deal because the Fox deal is a stock offer, not a cash offer; investors would pay no taxes on the deal and could participate in the company's future.
screen is a lot better,'' said Dr. Ching Tang, a research chemist who has been developing the technology at the Eastman Kodak Research Laboratories in Rochester for more than 25 years.
Shares of Citigroup fell 63 cents, to $43.59 yesterday.
In an interview, Mr. Sharer said Amgen calculated that its shareholders would break even if peak sales of panitumumab reach $1 billion a year.
In the days of film, Kodak contended with the likes of Fuji and Agfa.
But on Wednesday, Mr. Lanier appeared for the first time to seriously rattle Dr. Santanello, an epidemiologist with Merck, as he questioned her about the details of data about Vioxx's risks of causing heart attacks and strokes.
Those newspapers in the consortium that currently use DoubleClick's technology to deliver graphical ads on their sites will gradually move to Yahoo's system.
Wal-Mart's request for review, however, calls the judge's order ''flatly contrary'' to Supreme Court rulings, argues that it shoehorns existing law to permit the certification of the class and adds that it would actually undercompensate some women ''whose rights to sue individually would be eliminated by the judgment.''
Instead of copying him precisely -- I do have some standards -- I am tweaking the scheme to accommodate two pairs of cotton print curtains in creamy orange and lilac (recycled bedspreads from Urban Outfitters).
And as Apple is proving -- it now sells more iPods than Macintoshes -- there are equally fat profits for those who can ease the distribution and consumption of digital entertainment.
But authorities say that Mr. Luethke also worked with Morgan Stanley to catch Mr. Curry in the act of infiltrating the firm's computers.
As part of the effort, Wal-Mart managers at 4,000 stores will meet with 10 rank-and-file workers every week and extend an additional 10 percent discount on a single item during the holidays to all its employees, beyond the normal 10 percent employee discount.
''We've sent it on a very tough mission,'' said Kelly Kahl, CBS's senior executive vice president for scheduling.
In the ruling, Judge Edwin L. Nelson of the United States District Court wrote that Intel was a monopolist in the microprocessor market and that it had engaged in practices aimed at extending that monopoly to other businesses.
I.B.M.
Fidelity sold more than 139 million shares of Cisco, or 44 percent of its holding.
In the view of analysts, this has eased the pressure on Mr. Bijur to agree to a takeover by Chevron, which is about the same size at Texaco in terms of revenue.
But General Motors executives bridle at any suggestion that one of their venerable divisions should be allowed to fade away.
Kodak Buying Medical Imaging Operation
of Interpublic needs to do right away is cause Wall Street to have confidence in management, as quickly as possible,'' one senior Interpublic executive said.
America and Germany are eBay's top two markets.
AT&T Is Said to Be Open to Courtship of Its Cable Television Unit
Lower costs are what distinguish Taesa from its larger rivals.
The Intel Corporation began selling four new microprocessors that use less power than its current laptop chips.
''People were already kind of doubting Wal-Mart because the low-end consumer has kept spending, and there's no pent-up demand on the part of that consumer,'' said Emme Kozloff, an analyst for Sanford C. Bernstein.
A federal judge in Michigan issued a ruling yesterday in the Simon Property Group's legal battle for Taubman Centers, but it did little to resolve the dispute.
He joins from Morgan Stanley and will be based in London.
''Our target is to open up the expat and meetings market here,'' said Robert J. Lohrmann, general manager at the Sanya Marriott Resort and Spa.
Sean Sundwall, an Amazon spokesman, said the service is fairly well known among record labels, but nearly unknown among consumers.
That is almost certain to make Tuesday's event, to be held at a theater across the street from the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, one of Apple's most closely watched product introductions.
But although I.B.M.
THE MARKETS: Market Place; Citigroup Names New President Amid Talk of More Acquisitions
Johnson & Johnson did take some steps to respond to the concerns about its treatment of African-American and Hispanic employees.
Merck, one of the world's leading pharmaceutical companies, says it supports the idea of a government-run database that would keep track of all late-stage clinical drug trials from start to finish.
Sanofi-Synthelabo, French pharmaceutical company, is considering making takeover offer worth more than $60 billion for rival Aventis; bid, if successful, would create world's third-largest drug company, behind Pfizer Inc and GlaxoSmithKline, and new corporate standard-bearer for France (M)
AT&T's troubles are perhaps the clearest reflection of the deflationary funk that has settled over the entire United States telecommunications industry.
He was president of McDonald's Europe from 1997 to 2001.
Advertising has given Target a hip profile, not necessarily matched by the store experience.
U.S. Is Preparing to Sue Intel Over Microchip Dominance
But the agency staff has been doing preliminary research on Intel for several months, and the commission formally approved a resolution on Sept. 11 authorizing full use of its compulsory powers to investigate Intel.
Standard & Poor's currently has a BBB rating on the Chinese government's long-term foreign currency debt, with a positive outlook, while Moody's has a somewhat higher rating of A-3, also with a positive outlook.
Comcast, which then had three quarters of a million high-speed Internet customers (now 950,000), had been working on its own system since last January.
Missing in the document, though, is any reference to Intel's own industry-leading Pentium family of microprocessors.
The dire nature of the results underscored what analysts on Wall Street said on Feb. 27, when Interpublic's board unexpectedly shook up top management: that the catalyst for the sudden changes was a worsening of the financial woes of Interpublic, the world's second-largest agency company, particularly at the McCann-Erickson World Group, the largest division.
CBS switched to the free policy because Internet broadband capabilities have improved, demand among users for video products is growing and advertisers are more willing than ever to support the medium.
Andy Bryant, Intel's chief financial officer, conceded in a conference call with analysts that Intel had been overly optimistic that demand for its chips would remain stable.
Mr. Moloshok said he was not counting on Yahoo exceeding Real's 900,000 subscriber count in the first year.
Ben Deutsch, a Coca-Cola spokesman, said: ''In our formal response, it will be made very clear that Larry Jones's termination had absolutely nothing to do with the meeting he held at the church or any actions he took thereafter.''
Cable companies like Comcast and Cox have been even more aggressive, adapting their systems to deliver Internet services at speeds usually roughly twice as fast as D.S.L.
In fact, Microsoft insists that Internet Explorer is so deeply embedded in Windows 98 that it would be impossible to separate it without completely redesigning the program
A star athlete goes from naughty to nice, hoping to earn a Kodak Advantix camera for Christmas.
Hani Durzy, a spokesman for eBay, points out that only a fraction of 1 percent of eBay's items are sold this way.
Microsoft also bought an 11 percent stake in the Comcast Corporation, a cable company, several years ago and acquired Web TV, a company that allows Web surfing using a television set.
American corporations could see an end to the price war of recent years in telephone and Internet services as a result of the sudden consolidation in telecommunications that was punctuated by yesterday's announcement that Verizon Communications would acquire MCI for $6.7 billion.
In total, A.T.& T. said it had more than 15 million customers and more than $5.3 billion in receivables.
The executive who made Barbie into a megabrand stepped down from the top post at Mattel yesterday as the toymaker reported a loss for 1999 and continuing problems in its software unit.
But the commission has insisted that the ruling, which would allow open-source software vendors to eventually publish Microsoft's protocols, would still respect its patents and copyright.
The payouts of both units are effectively linked to Viacom's stock performance.
Intel said it would introduce inexpensive notebook computers early in 2007 aimed at students and academic institutions.
''At a time when Procter & Gamble is trying to focus on its global brands, why is it trying to diversify?''
The tanker deal is authorized under an appropriations bill that directs the Air Force to lease 20 Boeing 767's for use as tankers and to buy 80 more tankers from the company.
As for the account changes, the largest involve Coca-Cola, which is realigning its agency roster for creative assignments, consolidating almost all those tasks at agencies owned by Interpublic and the WPP Group.
To be sure, uncertainties remain for Microsoft.
A plaintiffs' lawyer said Aetna was the only H.M.O.
The club was later bought by the Molson Group, which now has a 19.9 percent stake.
''It's a good design, but it will be more difficult to run the old computer instructions than Intel currently believes,'' said David Ditzel, president of the Transmeta Corporation, a computer design concern in Santa Clara, Calif.
Through a friend who worked at Costco, he learned that the company did not have a wine expert and proposed the position.
Indeed, annual turnover is high at Wal-Mart, averaging some 46 percent nationwide.
A.T.& T. Reports $1 Billion In Record Quarterly Profits
Thus it was recently that I flew to Columbus, Ohio, on a capacious Boeing Business Jet.
But during five hours of testimony, a diverse group of Wal-Mart's opponents, including community banks, lawmakers and activists, said that the company could not be trusted to stay out of consumer banking.
Activision, Santa Monica, Calif., six million shares.
(The service works with many hand-held music players from Samsung, iRiver and other manufacturers, but not the Apple iPod, which dominates the portable market.)
And, while Mr. Carp is adamant that Kodak ''will not lead prices downward'' he made it clear that Kodak would not tolerate a further widening of the price gap, which has gone as high as 30 percent in some markets.
''This is meant to be fun,'' said Fred Khoury, the marketing manager at Progressive Direct who worked on the project.
By July 1994, Microsoft had become quite interested in the Spyglass technology, Mr. Colbeth says, and the two companies signed their first licensing agreement the following December.
The Walt Disney Company said today that its board had endorsed a plan by the chief executive, Michael D. Eisner, to address problems at the ailing company.
Microsoft offers a stand-alone version of Word, which sells for about $275.
The stock price of Aetna, the nation's largest health insurer, dropped more than 17 percent after the company warned that its first-quarter earnings would be significantly lower than expected because of rising medical costs.
As many department stores moved downscale, trying to compete with fast-growing discounters like Kohl's and Target, Neiman successfully took the opposite path: jettisoning much of its moderately priced merchandise and moving even more upscale.
Mr. Guo said the labor federation would now assist workers in their negotiations with Wal-Mart management for new contracts and would seek to improve conditions for part-time workers.
With its sales sliding steadily, Apple Computer Inc. announced yesterday the resignation of its chairman and chief executive, Gilbert F. Amelio -- a surprising move that casts doubt on whether the company that pioneered the personal computer industry can be revived.
Roughly 2 cents a share came from an increase in the value of Adobe's venture capital fund, and about 6 cents from the repurchase of 6.8 million shares.
Bank of America, the nation's second-largest bank in market value behind Citigroup, also said its earnings were buffeted by the unpredictable fixed-income trading environment.
Exxon Mobil and Pertamina announced in Jakarta that they had concluded a joint-operating agreement that would allow the two companies to begin drilling for oil near the town of Cepu in eastern Java.
The Government's proposed antitrust settlement with the Intel Corporation is viewed as a careful compromise that seeks to clarify the ground rules for how a powerful company can wield its intellectual property as a weapon in the marketplace.
A groundswell of dissatisfaction has formed among the African-Americans who settled a discrimination lawsuit against the Coca-Cola Company, threatening to destabilize or even derail the nation's largest settlement ever in a racial bias case.
Verizon Wireless, which is 45 percent owned by Vodafone of Britain, added two million subscribers last quarter, an industry record.
Although baby boomers came of age in the Gap jean jackets and khaki pants, which the chain has sold since its founding in 1969, they have drifted away from the brand as they have aged.
Then there's the unresolved question among many small retailers of whether Amazon has yet worked out the kinks in its fulfillment program.
in the overall microprocessor market, Intel has been striking back, starting with deep price-cutting earlier this year that has eaten into demand for A.M.D.
St Paul Companies acquires Travelers Property Casualty Corp in $16 billion stock swap; combination will result in giant company called St Paul Travelers Companies, which will rank second in commercial insurance to American International Group and will be among top companies in home and auto insurance; St Paul's chief executive Jay S Fishman and Travelers' chief executive Robert I Lipp comment; chart; photos (M)
Bruce Chizen, chief executive of Adobe, said the forecast did not take into account the potential impact of last week's terror attacks, which he said would hurt Adobe's business if they pushed the economy deeper into its malaise.
Intel is trying to change that.
Mr. Myhrvold added that they were free to stop shipping the Microsoft product if they wanted, in which case they could be dropped from the Windows referral service.
Until now, the Lenovo and I.B.M.
Tooth Tunes, $10 musical toothbrush from Tiger Electronics, division of Hasbro, features 17 musical artists; batteries are included, providing power for up to six months; when batteries run out, user throws brush away; photo (M)
Priceline shares closed at $36.8125 each, down $3.375, in Nasdaq trading.
Some tools and instructions for cleaning infected computers are available at www.microsoft.com/security/incident/blast.asp, and at numerous Internet security and antivirus sites.
But industry analysts say that Intel and I.B.M.
As part of its long-running effort to raise badly needed cash, Lucent Technologies is close to an agreement to sell its fiber optic business to the Furukawa Electric Company and Corning Inc. for about $2.75 billion, executives close to the talks said last night.
''When Microsoft changed their pricing policy for enterprise customers,'' said David Patrick, the president and chief executive of Ximian, a partner of Sun, ''it sent a strong message.
When that failed, he urged the employee to provide an identification card so that another person could enter Morgan Stanley's offices and break into the computers.
''I can't figure out any other explanation for it, except that he wanted to make a grand public gesture,'' said one lawyer close to Microsoft.
As Mr. Mack, the current president, prepares to take over as Morgan's chief executive in June, succeeding Richard B. Fisher, who will remain chairman of Morgan Stanley, there has been speculation over who will be the next president of Morgan.
Current and former top executives of troubled Interpublic Group of Companies, under mounting pressure for drawing handsome pay, bonuses and benefit as stock price plummets, will relinquish more than 1.2 million stock options, with unspecified amount earmarked to reward employees at lower levels at agencies owned by Intepublic; incentive program for senior managers, promising added cash grants for long-term performance, is being canceled for three years; many elements of executives' pay packages are not being changed, including lucrative retirement plan for John J Dooner Jr, who was Interpublic's chairman and chief executive for 26 months before being demoted in February (M)
It was unlikely, the letter said, that appropriate software would continue to be available for computers made by Apple Computer -- until recently the most popular machines on campus.
Dr. Nancy W. Dickey, president of the American Medical Association, said that the Justice Department action was ''an important first step'' but that the authorities in the states should continue to scrutinize the proposed deals because of Aetna's powerful market share.
For the quarter, Amazon lost $43.3 million, or 11 cents a share, compared with a loss of $93.6 million, or 25 cents a share, in the period a year earlier.
Already, 10 percent of I.B.M.
shares rose $2.50, to $67.125, and Lockheed Martin stock leaped $4.0625, to $99.125 in trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
Insurance Institute for Highway Safety research finds small cars are not being built well enough to stand up to sport utility vehicles and pickup trucks in side impacts; says 14 of 16 small cars got lowest of four possible safety ratings in side-impact collision; singles out Dodge Neon as particulary unsafe; rates only Toyota Corolla and General Motors's new Chevrolet Cobalt as acceptable when equipped with option side curtain air bags; also releases frontal crash test results, giving Cobalt highest rating; table of results (M)
Coca-Cola Co says fourth-quarter earnings rose 1.8 percent and its volume growth outpaced its competitors in every major category last year; net income in quarter rose to $930 million from $914 million year earlier; revenue rose 13 percent, to $4.8 billion from $4.24 billion; chairman-chief executive Douglas N Daft comments (M)
Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson, who heard the lawsuit in Federal District Court, ruled earlier this year that Microsoft was a monopoly that had repeatedly violated the nation's antitrust laws.
And some observers wonder if the intensity of competition, particularly between Yahoo and Google, may have its own distractions, leaving both companies vulnerable.
In its filing today, Microsoft said the normal limit on appeals briefs, 14,000 words, was ''insufficient for a case of this magnitude and complexity, in which Microsoft's very corporate survival is at stake.''
Yahoo announced better-than-expected quarterly earnings today, quelling investor concerns that consolidation and business failures among struggling dot-coms might hurt its revenue base.
Yet, powerful corporations like AT&T and the proposed AOL Time Warner would have the power to balkanize the broadband Internet for their own purposes, with no legal reason to open their networks to competitors.
''They got so big that they kind of forgot that their roots were with the athletes,'' said Jonathan Ressler, the president of Big Fat Promotions, a Manhattan-based unit of Omnicom Group that specializes in grass-roots marketing plans and does not count Nike among its clients.
Last year, Morningstar, a financial research company, hired Hambrecht to take it public in an auction that raised $140.8 million, but only after Morgan Stanley refused to do things Morningstar's way.
Colin Devine, an analyst at Salomon Smith Barney, said a blockbuster deal would involve a big company like American International or General Electric, which has a big insurance operation, or one of the European behemoths buying John Hancock and Lincoln National, two of the strongest targets.
This morning, the trial had focused on another issue in the suit as a Government lawyer, Phil Malone, cross-examined Eric Engstrom, a Microsoft executive, about whether Microsoft had tried to force Apple Computer out of the market for multimedia software that runs on Windows and had sabotaged Apple's software as part of that effort.
is claiming a technical victory, since its design integrates two separate processing units in a single chip, communicating more efficiently than Intel's, which is based on two separate chips wired together and placed in a single package.
can't be successful at the expense of Coca-Cola, and conversely, Coca-Cola can't be successful at the expense of C.C.E.''
The significant shifts at Coca-Cola were typified last year in the about-face over a popular online video clip, ''Experiment 137,'' created by two performance artists, Fritz Grobe and Stephen Voltz, which demonstrated how mixing Diet Coke and Mentos candies can produce awesomely cool explosions.
Fox Television, in latest episode of clash that began when Time Warner declined to add Fox's new all-news cable channel to its cable systems in New York, places ads in newspapers in several cities, including Milwaukee, Wis, and Austin, Texas, warning viewers that they may not be able to see this year's Super Bowl; ads inform viewers to be sure they have adequate broadcast antennas on their homes or else plan to schedule viewing Super Bowl at home of friend that has satellite antenna; Fox says reason is Time Warner's refusal to negotiate new agreement for retransmission rights to Fox's broadcast channels in those cities; Green Bay Packers and Dallas Cowboys are among football favorities to reach Super Bowl; both Fox and Time Warner executives exchange bitter charges, accusing each other of misrepresentations and outright lies (Advertising column) (M)
Indeed, Philip Condit, Boeing's chairman and chief executive, said in a statement yesterday that the company's fourth-quarter operating results would be in line with Wall Streets earnings estimates when the company reports them next week.
Also climbing aboard the back-to-school bandwagon is Microsoft (www.microsoft.com/mac).
Only January 2000, when the America Online-Time Warner merger was announced, and April 1998 (the Citicorp-Travelers deal) were bigger..
Before its options announcement, I.B.M.
Advanced Micro officials said the K6-2, which offers similar performance to the Intel Corporation's Pentium chips but at a lower price, was being used in the majority of personal computers selling for under $1,000.
A model for this is the electronics department at Wal-Mart, where the company improved sales not by merely offering the lowest prices, but by carrying well-known national brands, like flat-screen TVs from Sony and Magnavox.
''The Wal-Mart system has been adapted well at some Seiyu stores.
Had this been a ''merger of equals,'' with the exchange ratio set by current market prices, Time Warner shareholders would have wound up with only 32 percent of the merged company, not 45 percent.
Exxon Mobil, Chevron Corp and Texaco Inc say earnings soared in fourth quarter; Exxon Mobil says net income more than doubled, to $5.2 billion from $2.3 billion in year-earlier quarter; revenue rose more than 17 percent, to $64.1 billion; company earned $17.7 billion for all of 2000, more than double $7.9 billion it made for all of 1999; Chevron reports net income of $1.49 billion compared with $809 million year earlier; earnings reached $1.54 billion, excluding charges; revenue rose 23 percent, to $13.52 billion, from $10.98 billion; Texaco reports net income of $545 million, up from $318 million; company earned $840 million compared with $370 million year ago; revenue increased 36 percent, to $14.4 billion, from $10.6 billion in 1999 period (M)
As of Sept. 30, there were about 2,900 federal lawsuits, representing 6,300 groups of plaintiffs, according to Merck.
Dell and other technology companies, like AT&T and Motorola, have recently opened similar stores.
Invariably in their 20's and 30's, and predominantly male, Apple's experts do keep lofty company.
Juniper Networks agrees to pay premium price of about $4 billion for computer security company NetScreen Technologies; analysts say proposed acquisition, rather than reflecting return of broader technology boom, points more specifically to rising concerns over hackers, computer worms, viruses and other daily threats to reliability of corporate and home networks; also underscores effort by Juniper Networks, which makes routers used to direct data traffic, to expand its reach in markets where it competes with Cisco Systems, leader in producing complex digital plumbing that makes Internet flow; photo (M)
Wal-Mart was the first large company to jump into the market, in June 2003.
On Monday Comcast is to announce the details of its new 24-hour digital cable channel for preschoolers, which will feature Elmo, Big Bird, Barney -- and commercials.
The First Chicago NBD Corporation said profits rose 9 percent, and the PNC Bank Corporation reported a 28 percent jump in earnings.
Though rei.com is small compared with Amazon.com -- only $50 million in annual sales versus $610 million -- it is similiarly dominating its market.
Europeans Rule Against Microsoft; Appeal Is Promised
As noted above, all of Microsoft's agreements, including the nonexclusive ones, severely restricted Netscape's access to those distribution channels leading most efficiently to the acquisition of browser usage share.
ChevronTexaco says it has seen no credible evidence to link such problems to oil exposure and cites reports by American experts who take issue with health reports presented by the plaintiffs.
That agency, the California Independent System Operator, was intended to be the power buyer of last resort for Southern California Edison, Pacific Gas and Electric and the San Diego Gas and Electric Company, which is owned by Sempra Energy.
The 7E7 and the A350 are long-distance aircraft designed to fly to large and midsize airports; the A380 is intended to replace Boeing's 747 and will fly only to big airports.
Mr. Ernst may have died so quickly that his heart muscle did not show the classic damage of a heart attack, Dr. Araneta said in her deposition -- an interview given under oath, and conducted by lawyers for Merck.
''A few of our competitors decided that Washington, D.C., was a place where they could out-compete us on issues that in our view would have been better resolved in the marketplace,'' said Mr. Shaw, the Microsoft spokesman.
Fox had placed newspaper ads in those three cities on Monday, citing the prospect that it might bar Time Warner's cable systems from transmitting the signals of those stations until Time Warner agreed to a new deal to compensate Fox for the right to carry those stations.
American International Group will have to delay filing of its annual 10-K report as it continues to wade through extensive accounting problems; company is expected to reduce its net worth by total of $2.7 billion to $2.9 billion, increase of $1 billion to $1.2 billion from company's earlier estimate of $1.7 billion (M)
More casual observers might have been surprised to see Comcast mounting a hostile bid for mighty AT&T's cable properties.
Mr. Sihpol has been taking care of his 3-year-old son since he left Bank of America in 2003.
At the same time, Mr. Malone also said Saturday that Tele-Communications was continuing discussions with Microsoft on a possible $1 billion investment to help build an interactive television network more quickly.
A parking area surrounds the store, as at a Wal-Mart, but it is far smaller than those at the company's 200,000-square-foot stores.
After years of winning praise for  its engineering but sneers for its marketing, Texas Instruments brought out cheaper, more heavily promoted models.
Under its terms, consumers and companies can receive vouchers worth $5 for each copy of Microsoft Word they purchased, $16 for each copy of Microsoft Windows and $29 for each copy of Microsoft Office, which includes Word and Excel.
Citigroup currently has a 15-member board, with 10 outside directors.
Wal-Mart shares fell 10 percent last month, though they gained 33 cents yesterday, to close at $53.02.
THE INTERPUBLIC GROUP of Companies in New York is scrambling to put the best face on the extraordinary executive shake-up orchestrated by its board last week, but doubts are multiplying about whether the restructured management team can pull off a turnaround at the agency company.
Government regulators are finishing work on a list of conditions they would like to impose on America Online and Time Warner for the $165 billion merger of the companies to be approved, people involved in the talks between the government and the companies say.
The partnership involves one of San Francisco's best-known addresses, the reddish-brown granite Bank of America building at 555 California Street, which counts Goldman Sachs and Lehman Brothers among its tenants.
Federal Reserve approves merger of Citicorp and Travelers Group Inc, combination that will create world's largest financial services company called Citigroup Inc, subject to divestiture of some key insurance activities within five years (S)
Stung by criticisms that such a wealthy corporation should not rely on temp agencies that provided lesser benefits, Microsoft has adopted a policy favoring agencies that provide more generous benefits.
Judge Jackson's conclusions that Microsoft repeatedly violated the Sherman Antitrust Act may add new impetus for the government to seek to have its proposed remedies imposed on Microsoft even before the case reaches the appellate stage.
Microsoft plans to announce partnership with AT&T Wireless Services to offer wireless software and services (S)
Speech Code From I.B.M.
IBM says its new computers from large mainframes down to personal computer-sized servers will all be marketed under single famil name, eServer; also introduces top of the line of new e-Server family, called z900, which will take place of S/390 mainframe; also announces variety of pricing, software products and service changes intended to give customers more flexibility and to provide number of features, like ability to use Linux operating system, that would be common to all IBM business computers; IBM says it will spend $325 million to market eServer concept; photo (M)
Draft, the Interpublic direct-marketing specialist, has handled the largest share of the assignments, followed by agencies including Initiative, for media services; Gotham, for advertising; Jack Morton Worldwide, for events and promotions; and R/GA, for interactive marketing.
''Why Apple?
Unlike the deal with Power Computing, no substantive offer was made to Motorola, Mr. Guglielmi said.
More recently, Goldman Sachs estimated speculative buying's contribution at 40 percent of profits.
Though reporters were not able to take part in the conference, Patricia R. Seif, an Aetna spokeswoman, said the company told the analysts that operating expenses in the health care unit, which accounted for two-thirds of Aetna's revenues last year of $15.16 billion, were expected to be $10 million to $15 million higher for the fourth quarter than originally anticipated.
What is different this time is that Boeing has a new rival, Airbus, a unit of the European Aeronautic Defense and Space Company.
I wish you and the Ford Motor Company continued success and regret that we cannot continue our relationship going forward.
Local authorities and utility companies in these countries have demanded that successful bids for large technology contracts must propose equipment using Intel chips, the commission said.
Still, Ms. Cross said she wanted to see ''sustained operating improvement and an improved economy'' before she would budge from her hold rating on Xerox shares.
Credit Agricole and Credit Lyonnais, two of France's biggest banks, will join forces, creating giant new bank with breadth and scope to rival Citigroup and assets second on Continent only to Deutsche Bank; under deal, Credit Agricole, which owns 18 percent of Credit Lyonnais, will pay $16 billion in cash and stock for remaining 82 percent; photo of Rene Carron, who will be chairman of combined company (M)
Technology Briefing
An AOL Unit Sues Microsoft, Saying Tactics Were Illegal
Texas, tip your Stetson to Verizon.
Would-be testers are flocking to sites like eBay, where early test accounts for Blizzard Entertainment's popular World of Warcraft computer game were recently going for more than $500.
Among other things, the rule changes allowed a cable company like Comcast to own local television stations in its markets, enabling a company like Comcast or Time Warner to acquire Disney's ABC stations.
Adobe also announced it would repurchase $1 billion in stock in the 12 months after the deal closes in the fall.
Correction of chart with Jan 16 article about hostile bid by Simon Property Group for Taubman Centers
The June deal also touched off speculation on Wall Street that AT&T would buy BBN, which has two other commercial subsidiaries and a large research division that competes for Government contracts.
Corning, for example, gained $2.02, to $25.20, even though the No.
International Business Machines Corp chief exec Louis V Gerstner Jr will announce that company is awarding $10 million in grants to dozen school districts and state education departments, including those in New York City and New York State, to develop new ways to use technology in classroom; grants bring to $35 million amount that IBM Foundation has committed to program since 1995; photo (M)
Intel has agreed to embed I.B.M.
General Motors, which has been most reticent major carmaker when it comes to prospects for hybrid vehicles, intends to offer some form of hybrid electric power on five of its major models over next four production year; plan is surprising endorsement of fledgling hybrid technology, which improves gasoline mileage by supplementing internal combustion engine with electric power (M)
Despite Ms. Kroes's assurances, she has had little success getting Microsoft to comply with parts of last year's ruling.
The general opinion seems to be that Microsoft will not be split up, but that feeling is by no means unanimous.
If you have not updated your computer, you should go to Microsoft's Web site and download the service pack and install it.
Side Effects at the Pharmacy; Two Months Into Wal-Mart's Drug Program, Its Drawing Power Is Unclear
''With our home page, the overwhelming majority of featured books in a given month do not have co-op dollars behind them,'' said Bill Curry, a spokesman for Amazon, who noted that Amazon's list of top 20 titles last Friday contained at least nine that were featured without advertising support.
Spain's Supreme Court rules that Nike International, unit of Nike Inc, cannot sell Nike apparel in Spain because Spanish company, Cidesport, has rights to Nike clothing trademark, registered in 1932, long before American company was founded; ruling does not affect Nike footwear (S)
Trink Guarino, a spokeswoman for I.B.M.
Market Place column examines difficulty Aetna Inc has had since acquiring US Healthcare year ago for $8.8 billion; Aetna acknowledges that in course of integrating two businesses, it lost track of rising health-claim costs; consolidated claims centers were overwhelmed, and there was delay in securing more favorable contracts with doctors and hospitals; consensus is that Aetna moved too fast to integrate two companies, closing offices and firing people before smooth transition could be made; result is lower third-quarter earnings and 10-percent drop in share price; graph (M)
BANK OF AMERICA is unlikely to confront challengers to its $48 billion bid for FleetBoston Financial, bankers and analysts said yesterday, even though other banks had expressed interest in buying FleetBoston.
As a partner in the law firm of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Mr. Reback and a colleague, Susan Creighton, persuaded the federal government to take up its antitrust case against Microsoft.
Boeing said the bill would cost it about $222 million annually in higher taxes.
''Both sides'' in the Microsoft case, he wrote, ''are too quick, however, to minimize the difficulty of how tying law properly applies to software products.''
The prospect of digital convergence has prodded Sony and Microsoft to weigh how many interactive media and digital video recording features they can add to their next-generation players without making them too complex or pushing prices beyond the relatively low cost that most users expect.
Upgraded systems will reach about 70 percent of Time Warner's 12 million customers by the end of this year, he said, and the company expects all its systems to be digitally capable by the end of 2000.
''Is the Gap in trouble?''
New Boeing-Airbus Rivalry: Tanker Contracts
Boeing has booked 62 orders from four carriers for the 7E7, but says that about two dozen airlines have put down refundable deposits for roughly 200 planes.
Unlike the government's requested relief, Microsoft's proposal is based on the evidence received at trial and the Findings of Fact and Conclusions of the Law entered by the Court.
''Verizon's hand is really forced; they'll have to raise their bid,'' said David Willis, an industry analyst at Gartner.
Automakers continued to sell a surprising number of cars, sport utility vehicles, minivans and pickup trucks in March, despite slowing economy and falling stock markets; sales did not come cheap, as manufacturers extended rebates and other discounts to models that seldom carried them last year; industry sold family vehicles at seasonally adjusted annual pace of 17.1 million vehicles; Ford Motor Co says it has increased its spending on rebates and other marketing expenses to 12 percent of revenue from 11 percent; Ford's sales fell 13.1 percent from March 2000; sales at General Motors Corp dropped only 4.6 percent while those for Chrysler unit of DaimlerChrysler fell 10 percent; most foreign automakers report sales gains; graph (M)
Paul Krugman Op-Ed comment on Time Warner-America Online merger (S)
A spokesman for Boeing, Dick Dalton, said in an interview that Boeing's position had not changed and that the 1992 agreement had outlived its usefulness.
It has already been used by the Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence project, known as SETI, and by Juno, the Internet service provider, and several start-up companies.
Xerox said that it would present a report today outlining what it said is major progress toward creating electronics out of inexpensive, flexible plastic.
Among the senior management jobs that are vacant, or soon will be, are posts at Leo Burnett Worldwide in Chicago, part of the Publicis Groupe; the North American division of Foote, Cone & Belding in New York, part of Interpublic, and the New York office of J. Walter Thompson, part of the WPP Group.
Cnooc's bold step to attempt the largest overseas takeover by a Chinese company forced Chevron's hand.
Hewitt does much more for Verizon than advise it on compensation matters.
For Microsoft, the main negotiator has been Charles F. Rule of Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver & Jacobson, a former assistant attorney general in charge of antitrust during the Reagan administration, where he got to know a young colleague working on antitrust issues at the Federal Trade Commission named Charles A. James.
Some analysts said the announcement raised questions about Aetna's plans to reorganize and sell its nonhealth units to the ING Group of the Netherlands.
Article on increasing recognition for Off Broadway and Off Off Broadway nonprofit theaters that have long struggled in obscurity to make ends meet; Neil Pepe's Atlantic Theater Company recently won $50,000 Jujamcyn Theaters Award, while critical success of productions such as Wit, This Is Our Youth and Killer Joe has lured more conventional theatergoers below Times Square; theaters are building new audiences and attracting commercial Broadway producers sniffing around for possible imports; photos; list of current productions; keeping small theaters in business remains constant struggle; Adobe Theater, founded in 1991 by Jeremy Dobrish and friends from Wesleyan University, has $100,000 budget for everything; MCC Theater in Chelsea is packing in audiences for Wit at its 99-seat theater in converted school cafeteria, but has yet to make any money on production (M)
The Chinese automaker that has joint ventures with General Motors and Volkswagen announced details Monday of plans to sell its own cars in China later this year and to export cars to Europe next year.
''IE uninstalls easily if you want,'' the Justice Department quotes from Microsoft's Web site; ''just get rid of it.''
Perhaps the most useful testimony for the Justice Department concerned Mr. Norris's contention that Microsoft charged I.B.M.
Increased competition isn't Intel's only problem.
Omnicom Group merges its Griffin Bacal agency into its Moss Dragoti unit after Griffin Bacal loses key client and lays off workers; Sharp Electronics shifts account from Griffin Bacal to Oasis Advertising (M)
AMERICAN EXPRESS IN WEB VENTURE
Warner Brothers, largest television syndicator, is preparing major new Internet service that will let fans watch full episodes from more than 100 old television series--more than 4,800 episodes in first year; service, called In2TV, will be free and be supported by advertising: 2 minutes of commercials per half-hour episode, compared with 8 minutes in standard broadcast; America Online, a fellow Time Warner unit, will distribute service on its Web portal; enhanced version of service will use peer-to-peer-file-sharing technology to get video data to viewers; photos (M)
Merck, which was not named as a defendant in the complaint yesterday, has agreed to a $42.5 million settlement in a separate civil lawsuit in Federal District Court in White Plains that raises similar issues about Medco.
Nike is the first of the big athletic shoemakers to forge a pact with a retailer that sells goods only on the Web.
In the past, Motorola has declined to comment on the Freescale deal because Securities and Exchange Commission rules prevent it from discussing a pending securities offering.
Bernard Sosnick, an analyst at Oppenheimer Securities, said he was impressed that Wal-Mart had met its earnings forecast from operations at a time when its customers, many earning less than $30,000 a year, were absorbing gasoline price increases and the company was investing heavily in store renovation.
Chuck Mulloy, an Intel spokesman, said the company was ''evaluating the ruling to determine what steps we will take should Mr. Hamidi start spamming again.''
After watching the stock price of his company, the American International Group, decline more than 30 percent in the last 18 months, Maurice R. Greenberg sought to reassure investors yesterday at the company's annual meeting that the poor performance was a passing malady.
Steven Guggenheimer, a group product manager for Microsoft, added, ''We hope this will help us sell more PC's, or at least add more value to the PC's sold.''
While Ms. Wiggins and other analysts say that developing a wireless system could be costly and cumbersome -- with competing and incompatible systems trying to transmit bulky data and video into wireless units -- officials at Motorola and Cisco say their vision of a world where automobiles could get tuneups by wireless signals and sales executives could obtain company information from a remote place is just beyond the horizon.
One potential trouble spot for Cisco, several industry analysts said, is that its inventories have been creeping up.
It is true, though, that Intel's success has engendered some envy.
''Microsoft is an extremely competitive company, like many others,'' said Paula Gil, an alliance manager at Best Software, a company in Reston, Va., that develops business software.
In contrast to Johnson & Johnson, Boston Scientific offered to sell Abbott not just the right to rapid exchange, but essentially all of Guidant's operations beyond its cardiac-rhythm implants.
At the same time, companies like General Electric and Microsoft are expanding their operations in India on everything from basic customer service to high-end research and development.
Privacy advocates fretted publicly that Amazon could use the patent illegally to collect data on children, since Amazon's system could determine the likely age of the gift recipient and his or her name and address.
Most big oil companies have changed their minds and followed Chevron's lead into the former Soviet lands.
The merger makes Honeywell the leading seller of controls and services for pulp and paper plants.
For months I was getting nowhere, even after taking my husband to a Best Buy to tempt him with an attractive, slim TV set, a little number known as the Philips 17PF8946.
Phone companies like Verizon have a lot of catching up to do.
The New Yorker, which has a policy of not running notes from its editor or publisher, did not run a note about Target in the Aug. 22 issue.
An A.T.& T. spokesman said the newly adopted accounting rule would decrease the tax liabilities listed on its balance sheet by $500 million, without affecting assets.
COMPAQ IN DEAL WITH INTUIT
This has hurt A.T.& T.'s unions.
Advanced Micro Devices will close two semiconductor-fabrication plants in Austin, Tex, and eliminate total of 2,300 jobs, or 15 percent of its global work force; Gateway Inc says it has stopped buying microprocessors from Advanced Micro in favor of Intel Corp; attributes decision to Gateway's efforts to save money by simplifying personal computer product lines and relationships with component suppliers; graph (S)
According to a person who has seen the draft ruling, Microsoft would have to report back to the commission with concrete proposals within two or three months.
Signaling that its future may depend as much on computer parts as on entire machines, the International Business Machines Corporation said yesterday that it expected to sell $16 billion worth of disk drives and other components to a rival, the Dell Computer Corporation.
American International Group severed all ties last night with Maurice R. Greenberg, the irascible executive who had built the company into a global giant over four decades.
The Softbank Corporation said a subsidiary, Softbank America Inc., sold part of its stake in Yahoo Inc., raising $119 million in capital gains.
But Assistant Attorney General Charles A. James, the new head of the antitrust division, who led the Microsoft negotiations for the Bush administration, made clear last Friday that the terms of the deal were no longer negotiable.
''Yes, Microsoft has continuing liability, it continues to infringe,'' said Martin R. Lueck, a partner in Robins, Kaplan, Miller & Ciresi, who represents Eolas.
But in its reliance on cyberspace the enlarged Comcast, which will be the nation's No.
Correction:  June 6, 2007, Wednesday  An article in Business Day yesterday about efforts by Microsoft and Apple to develop their next operating systems misspelled the surname of a technology executive who commented on the migration of computer functions to the Web.
Mr. Boies was in court on another case yesterday, but a partner, Mark A. Heise, said the SCO suit against I.B.M.
In a case last year, a unit of J.P. Morgan Chase, which underwrote far fewer technology stocks than Goldman or Morgan Stanley, agreed to a $25 million fine.
The two Enron deals with Citigroup are expected to be the subject of a hearing on Wednesday before the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, whose ranking members are Senators Carl Levin, Democrat of Michigan, and Susan M. Collins, Republican of Maine.
Also, ''we've got to fix our media offering,'' Mr. Roth said, referring to the Interpublic lineup of worldwide media agencies, some recently suffering losses from clients like Nestlé and Unilever.
He estimates that so far Texas Instruments has put $500 million into developing digital light processing technology.
Intel plans to combine the existing microarchitecture features of chips for desktop and portable computers in a design that will begin shipping in the second half of 2006, Mr. Otellini said.
A little more than a month ago, Cisco assured investors that sales overseas, which account for roughly half its revenue, remained strong.
Boeing had previously estimated that it would eliminate as many as 28,000 jobs by the end of next year.
He has written academic papers on the case, but said, ''I am not now and have never been involved in any litigation involving Microsoft.''
Edward C McIrvine letter, comparing March 19 articles on 4,000 job seekers who showed up for 700 jobs at Roosevelt Hotel and $20.2 million in total pay received by IBM chief executive Louis V Gerstner in 1996, says articles demonstrate errors of our self-centered society (S)
''Media Player is an integral part in Microsoft's longer-term strategy for Windows,'' a recent Goldman, Sachs research note said.
''I'm doing exactly what I might have been doing if I worked for Intel in Santa Clara,'' said Mr. Prasad, 32.
Con Edison officials said they were confident that if the workers struck,  thousands of managers could supply power without interruption to the utility's 3.2 million business and residential customers.
Other Nike roster agencies include Wieden & Kennedy, the Goodby, Silverstein & Partners unit of Omnicom Group and McCann-Erickson Worldwide Advertising, part of the McCann-Erickson World Group unit of the Interpublic Group of Companies.
A spokesman for Pfizer, Paul Fitzhenry, said, ''The government's action today indicates that after two and a half years of careful evaluation, the government sees no merit in intervening in Peter Rost's action.''
He is an experienced food industry executive who built a reputation by reinvigorating well-known but often listless brands at Nabisco, a chief rival of Campbell, which also makes Pepperidge Farms baked goods, V8 juice and Godiva chocolates.
Home Depot has had stores in Brooklyn, Queens and northern New Jersey for several years, but the 23rd Street location will be its first in Manhattan.
and Xerox
John Loiacono, executive vice president for software at Sun Microsystems, which has in recent years been promoting a strategy of open-sourced software, called Microsoft's decision a small improvement but one that does not go far enough.
Some analysts had projected otherwise a year ago when Motorola reported strong earnings growth as worldwide demand for cellular products surged.
Raytheon has already been reducing its expenses.
EBay is really funny like that.''
Mr. Kertzman said he initially thought a Microsoft breakup was the best way to encourage competition in the technology industry but later came to think that limiting Microsoft's conduct would be a more effective remedy -- independent of any of his business dealings with Microsoft.
Advertising Age reported last week that TBWA International was ''considered the lead candidate to win the business'' in Europe because Apple's American management favored the agency -- even though executives of Apple Computer Europe had chosen three other finalists: the BDDP Paris unit of GGT Group, Bartle Bogle Hegarty in London and Leagas Delaney in London.
Bristol-Myers Squibb is cleared of securities law violations in connection with its botched Plavix patent settlement last year; says it has been informed by US attorney Christopher J Christie that review found no violation of securities laws or breach of earlier consent order company signed with Securities and Exchange Commission; review was done by Frederick Lacey, former federal judge who had been appointed to oversee operations as part of deferred prosecution agreement company signed in 2005 (M)
Verizon is also weighing hiring people from outside the company, although it is not clear when and how this would take place, Mr. Rabe, Verizon's spokesman, said.
A three-judge appellate panel ruled yesterday that I.B.M.
Yet critics say that beyond the firewall setting, Microsoft continues to put its customers at risk by selling buggy software that must be fixed through periodically released software patches that can be downloaded from its Web sites.
In the current situation, Maurice Lévy, the chief executive of Publicis, based in Paris, made it clear early on that he would consider legal action if the dispute was not resolved to his satisfaction, said advertising executives who were briefed on his plans, adding that at one point Mr. Lévy called Michael I. Roth, the chief executive of Interpublic in New York, to discuss legal options.
The statement from Ms. Bessant, who has worked closely with Bruce S. Nelson, the executive vice president at Interpublic who led Flag and supervised the Bank of America account, made no mention of him or Interpublic.
Abbott Laboratories plans to pay $622 million to settle investigation into sales practices for liquids needed to feed seriously ill; declines to discuss details of probe, which was disclosed in August 2001; news reports at the time described it as focusing on marketing tactics in which company gave tubes and pumps used to deliver liquid food directly into patients' digestive tracts in exchange for large orders of liquids; some of hospitals and nursing homes that received free equipment were suspected of billing Medicaid and Medicare (M)
Two years ago, the B. F. Goodrich Company's aerospace division factory here fell so far behind schedule producing parts for the new Boeing 737-700 that the Boeing Company threatened to terminate the contract.
Wal-Mart's Censorship Should Carry Labels
The same protein, sold in the United States as Procrit by Johnson & Johnson and as Epogen by Amgen, is linked to just a handful of cases of red cell aplasia.
AOL Time Warner executives have said they hope it will turn around next year.
The Intel Corporation, the leading maker of microchips, said yesterday that it was planning a big move into the Internet services business by building and running data centers around the world.
Oracle, as the aggressor in the takeover fight, is less vulnerable to SAP's cherry-picking than PeopleSoft.
Micron said its semiconductor memory operations lost 26 cents a  share fully diluted, on net sales of $283 million, down from $440 million in the first quarter of fiscal 1998.
That way, investors can be assured that the shares will not be sold in the market the moment that Priceline's stock ticks up.
For Mr. Gates, Microsoft's chairman, it was the first appearance ever in connection with the Electronic Entertainment Expo, the huge annual video game trade show known as E3, which opens here on Wednesday.
Intel made its announcement after the close of regular trading on Tuesday.
brand and intended to keep the I.B.M.
gained $4.10, to $99.50; United Technologies rose $2.70, to $74.46; and SBC Communications advanced $2.65, to $43.90.
Mr. Vos said Neil Aspinall, managing director of Apple Corps, had rejected an offer from Mr. Jobs in 2003 proposing to buy the rights to the Apple Records name for $1 million.
Noting that General Electric already has half of the global aircraft engine market, an analyst in London said that with the acquisition of Honeywell's avionics business, ''General Electric will soon make more of a Boeing aircraft than Boeing does.''
Apple Stores provide walk-up, face-to-face assistance for its products; idea was developed by Apple senior vice president Ron Johnson, who says Genius Bars have been gaining momentum and are part of store customers connect with on emotional level; development of concept described; photos (M)
Competition lawyers in Brussels speculate that Microsoft may agree to settle only the part of the case that concerns interoperability, while choosing to appeal a ruling against the bundling of Media Player to the European courts.
Mutual Funds Heavily Sold Cisco Shares in First Quarter
Microsoft Official Concedes That He Erred in Testimony
Amazon's approach is at least slightly different.
Officials for two of the nation's largest financial institutions, Citigroup and J. P. Morgan Chase, told Senators today that they did not improperly help Enron disguise portions of the enormous debt that contributed to the company's collapse last fall.
In the document, ''The Internet Tidal Wave,'' which was widely circulated within Microsoft, Mr. Gates called Netscape a ''new competitor 'born' on the Internet'' and said Netscape's strategy was to ''commoditize the underlying operating system'' -- a direct threat to Microsoft's lucrative business.
He is also credited with turning United Technologies into a lean, cost- effective company that has enjoyed six continuous years of double-digit earnings growth.
That mixed view of the company's report was reflected in the trading of Intel shares today.
Morgan Stanley has insisted all along it had no such intention.
Power Computing and Be officials said that their agreement would not affect any negotiations under way between Apple and Be.
Mr. Rosen is the executive who led the Microsoft team at that meeting.
But Mr. Appleby said he did not see American Express, a premium-brand company better known for its charge cards than its brokerage operation, as an ideal match for Ameritrade, which heavily advertises trading commissions as low as $8.
distributes the pay-television and advertiser-supported services of Time Warner Inc. and Viacom Inc., including some of the most popular channels on cable and satellite television: Home Box Office, the Movie Channel, Showtime, MTV, Nickelodeon and VH-1.
The machinists negotiated with the company when they were at a weak time,'' he said, and Boeing complied with their wishes.
FirstEnergy, which has said that one of its power plants and four of its transmission lines in Ohio shut down before the widespread power failure on Thursday, said in a regulatory filing that even after those developments it had seen no need to isolate its system from the rest of the electric grid in the Midwest.
Louis M Schultz, chairman and chief executive at Initiative Media Worldwide, part of Partnership division of Interpublic Group of Companies, is retiring; rather than appoint successor to Schultz, Interpublic is forming office of chief executive at Initiative to include Carolyn Bivens, president and chief operating officer for North American operations, and Marie-Jos Forissier, president and chief operating officer for worldwide operations; Frankel, promotion agency in Chicago, is laying off 100 employees, or almost 19 percent of work force, as its president Dan Rose resigns and operations are reorganized; Jim Mack, chief executive at Frankel, is named to added post of chairman, succeeding Bud Frankel, who becomes chairman emeritus, new post; Bill Rosen is joining Frankel as executive vice president and chief creative officer, succeeding Brian Robinson, who retired; McKinney & Silver names Brad W Brinegar president and chief executive, succeeding Don S Maurer, who died (M)
The chairmen of the two companies, Sir Christopher Bland of British Telecommunications and C. Michael Armstrong of AT&T, discussed the move on Friday.
''Microsoft would love to live in a proprietary world,'' said Robert J. Glushko, director of the Center for Document Engineering at the University of California at Berkeley and an initiator of the ebXML standards effort.
Wal-Mart's 200,000-square-foot stores, brightly lighted, minimally decorated and teeming with signs for price rollbacks, have served the chain well for much of the last 40 years.
Last year, Honeywell merged with Allied Signal.
Nike introduces Starter 3Tech Runner, low-cost running shoe good for low-mileage enthusiast; comparison of it and pricier Nike Air Pegasus; photos (M)
Sun had been trying to seal a new alliance with I.B.M.
The short-term winners in this deal are clearly Time Warner shareholders.
The KPMG auditors ''uncritically accepted Xerox's claim that it could not directly calculate the fair value of its products, but had to rely on numerous 'adjustments' by senior managers at the conclusion of a financial reporting period, always with the result of boosting revenues and earnings,'' the S.E.C.
The depth of big investors' dismay is evident in an e-mail message to three top Staples executives from Robert Urquhart, a portfolio manager at Oppenheimer Capital, which owned 2.9 million Staples shares as of the end of the year, according to Securities and Exchange Commission filings.
Some of the day's losers included Wal-Mart Stores, which fell $1.75, to $48.34, and Pfizer, which fell 90 cents, to $44.10.
In talks that illustrate the power that European regulators increasingly hold in American corporate deals, General Electric's chief executive, John F. Welch Jr., met twice today with the European competition commissioner in an effort to win approval for G.E.
BizRate's measurement of sales volume for pure Internet stores showed only 2 percent increase over the same week (although BizRate does not measure Amazon.com).
''Our actions really reflect the more aggressive financial tendencies of Time Warner and what we think is the heightened risk of further revisions to their capital allocation strategy,'' said Brendan Buckley, an analyst with Fitch.
With Microsoft, analysts pay particular attention to deferred revenue, which increased about $130 million from the September quarter to $4.26 billion.
's internal communications, I.B.M.
Under the terms of the all-stock deal, Pharmacia shareholders will receive 1.4 shares of Pfizer stock for each share of Pharmacia.
By selling less than 20 percent, General Electric would still be able to consolidate the leasing unit's earnings on its books, instead of breaking them out separately.
Comcast's president, Brian L. Roberts, said that both Comcast and Mediaone raised their rates 5 percent last year, which he called a conservative increase.
Blaming order cancellations by large customers and general slowdowns in the world economy, Intel said it expected revenue for the fourth quarter to be flat from the previous quarter, when revenue totaled $8.7 billion.
Cisco and Scientific-Atlanta Poised for a $7 Billion Deal
But Frontier made clear that the discussions with Qwest were preliminary.
Indeed, the problems with Eprex could help Amgen, which now sells a new version of EPO called Aranesp in competition with Johnson & Johnson.
Home Depot fits the private equity mold.
Market Place column on more than 15 percent drop in Microsoft Corp stock; says shares fell $12.3125, to $66.625, after investors digested company's earnings report for quarter ended in March and realized that operating profit was short of analysts' estimates, although net income was slightly ahead of expectations; holds disappointing news on earnings was compounded by reports Justice Department may try to resolve its antitrust case against company by splitting Microsoft into two or more companies; says decline shaved close to $70 billion off company's market valuation; company reports sales in three months ended March 31 were $5.66 billion, up 23 percent from 1999 level; profits rose 23 percent compared with 1999 quarter, to $2.4 billion; graph; chart (M)
The stake in Kirch and the option were acquired two years ago by BskyB, the satellite broadcaster in which the News Corporation is the biggest shareholder.
The struggling Jaguar Cars division of Ford Motor yesterday named the London and New York offices of Euro RSCG/Fuel, part of the Euro RSCG Worldwide division of Havas, the global creative agency of record on its account.
''I thought Microsoft would pay just about anything to get this,'' said David B. Yoffie, a professor at Harvard Business School.
Medtronic did not admit liability, the settlement says.
could have as much influence and market power in the console market as Intel does in the personal computer industry,'' said Richard Doherty, president of Envisioneering, a technology research firm.
After three fruitless days of discussions with a federal mediator, talks between the Boeing Company and its striking engineers and technical workers broke down on Saturday night.
Icann said it was investigating complaints about the wild-card service and asked VeriSign to pull it pending further study.
Leon Cooperman, whose hedge fund has a large MCI position, says it might be reasonable to prefer Verizon if the figures were close -- ''a few percent discount at most.''
Wal-Mart was Draft FCB's first big client since Mr.
For all the money Whole Foods has sunk into the place, the French fry counter and the salad bars still may be its best options.
There are no plans to animate Blue Dog, but its image will be ubiquitous in the commercials that Xerox will show during the Summer Olympics, which begin in September.
(Besides, one division of Verizon gets a chunk of change from me every month: it is my cellular provider.)
Lucent's lead banks, the Salomon Smith Barney unit of Citigroup and J. P. Morgan Chase, as well as Mr. Schacht, were forced to lobby the group aggressively.
Shares of Intel, which is based in Santa Clara, Calif., dropped 48 cents, to close at $20.51 on Thursday, but rose slightly in after-hours trading.
AT&T Finds Cable TV Bids Unacceptable
and Medinol,'' said Mark Landy, who follows Boston Scientific for the Susquehanna International Group in Bala Cynwyd, Pa.
Correction:  April 26, 2006, Wednesday  The Market Place column in Business Day on Tuesday about first quarter earnings for the Xerox Corporation misstated its estimate for how much it would earn for the year.
From I.B.M.
Officially, Inktomi and Akamai executives assert that they really do not compete with each other and have little in common -- which of course means they compete vigorously and have more in common than either will let on.
The Times/CBS poll also has comforting news for Microsoft about public opinion concerning its long-running antitrust battle with the Justice Department and 19 states.
Instead, Sun said that very soon after the agreement was reached, Microsoft began releasing versions of Java to be used to develop software exclusively for use on Microsoft operating systems.
Aetna Inc, in one of largest job cutbacks in health care and insurance industries, says that it will reduce its work force by 4,400 jobs, or 13 percent of its 33,700 employees; says it will lay off 8,200, but some of those people will be retrained for 3,800 new positions that it will create; decision brings number of overall layoffs planned by Aetna this year to over 10,800; about 1,000 jobs will be cut in Connecticut; Aetna's downsizing reflects company's struggle to transform itself from provider of traditional insurance and financial services into leader in managed health care; Aetna announced in April that it would spend $8.18 billion to acquire US Healthcare (M)
In terms of film, the transaction should give Time Warner's film studio Warner Brothers a vast new medium for distributing its movies and television programs.
Group of Princeton University computer researchers say that they found potentially serious computer flaw in Microsoft Corp's Internet Explorer 3.0 Web Browser; software, which has been available on Internet from Microsoft's World Wide Web site since Aug 13, has already been downloaded by 1.3 million computer users worldwide; Microsoft says that it is correcting the problem (L)
But AT&T designed Network Notes around the previous version, which was not Internet-friendly.
The New York Stock Exchange is expected to announce as soon as today that John A. Thain, the president of Goldman Sachs, will be the new chief executive of the exchange, according to a person who has been briefed on the situation.
Exxon Mobil did not create the tight market and it has every right to profit from it.
Waste Management attributed at least 6 cents of the latest reduction in its earnings forecast to higher-than-expected interest expenses and a decision not to switch to more favorable accounting methods.
THE composer Jeanine Tesori's slim right hand seems permanently attached to her flagon of Starbucks, whence comes the dark trickle of fuel for a bright, stream-of-consciousness soliloquy on the consequences -- all positive -- of her flourishing new collaboration with Tony Kushner, the ''Angels in America'' auteur whose latest offering, ''Caroline, or Change,'' is a winter sellout at the Public Theater.
A consortium of investment firms was near a deal late last night to acquire Freescale Semiconductor, a former unit of Motorola, for more than $16 billion, according to people briefed on the negotiations.
Dr. Peterson said Johnson & Johnson found that three people taking NeoRecormon exclusively had developed red cell aplasia.
IBM bolsters its partnership creation program with release of set of product bundles aimed at medium-size businesses; offerings, which include software, hardware and installation recommendations, are meant to be starting point for IBM partners that sell to midsize businesses (S)
Now, some Time Warner executives believe that the merger with Warner Communications 10 years ago and the ascension of Mr. Levin has brought about a certain anodyne quality, almost a neutral environment.
The online retail malls operated by airlines like American (a unit of AMR), United (part of UAL), USAirways, Delta Air Lines, Continental Airlines, Midwest Express and Northwest Airlines, and hotel companies like Marriott International, Carlson and the InterContinental Hotels Group are entered through the Web site of the airline or hotel loyalty program.
Microsoft's Bill Gates and Apple's Steven P Jobs take stage to revive old battles and alliances and speculate about future of digital culture and technology at D: All Things Digital conference, Carlsbad, Calif; tone of session is described as mild (M)
Amazon released its results after regular trading.
TV, which midway through last season began to televise games but was available only in homes with satellite dishes, will announce today that it has signed agreements with Cablevision, Time Warner Cable and Cox Communications.
AMAZON CHIEF STICKS BY FORECAST
By acquiring PeopleSoft, Oracle wants to add more of the business software that corporations use to manage their finances, human resources and customer relations.
But Ms. Stewart, who works at a sprawling General Motors complex in the shadows of the Detroit skyline, says she believes it cannot last.
Fitch Ratings in New York, part of Fimalac, downgraded the senior unsecured debt rating yesterday of the Interpublic Group of Companies in New York to one level above junk status.
''We may have reached a point for Microsoft, as there was in the tobacco cases, that basic attitudes have shifted, and a powerful defendant is no longer seen as invulnerable.''
But in the five Vioxx court cases in which juries have reached decisions so far, Merck has lost three times -- twice in cases in which the heart attack victim had taken the drug for fewer than 18 months.
Each year, thousands of Intel's managers, engineers, sales and technical support staff go through one-week training stints.
Joyce Oberdorf, a spokeswoman for Aetna, said premiums were raised 10 percent in January, a month when most big employers renew contracts.
Mr. Henderson said he expected the deal to close 60 to 90 days after the signing, after which General Motors would take over assets, including two modern plants in South Korea and a manufacturing plant in Vietnam.
The information-sharing order in the European antitrust ruling was meant to ensure fair competition in the market for data-serving software that powers Internet applications and corporate data centers, where Microsoft's server software competes with offerings from I.B.M., Oracle, Sun Microsystems, Red Hat and other companies.
By contrast, Comcast was valued at $77 billion, or more than four times revenue.
''Counting airplanes is a lot of fun, but you can't pay wages with narrow-body planes,'' said Richard L. Aboulafia, an analyst at the Teal Group, an aerospace consulting firm in Fairfax, Va. ''It was very much Boeing's year, and it raises questions about why Airbus felt they needed to do this.''
Boeing, in fact, has openly scoffed at Airbus's predictions of sales of more than 1,500 A380-size planes, a number Airbus raised this year to 1,650 planes, including 400 freighters.
Andy Wang article on Amazon.com service that lets visitors donate money to participating Web sites, including Ironminds, magazine he publishes; notes system is primarily useful for one-time cash infusion; holds it is not viable way to finance business; Web site sponsors seeking donations comment; photo (M)
She wants to know if Wells Fargo is lending money to companies that could be forced into bankruptcy because of greenhouse gas regulations, if the bank is financing new technologies for alternate energy or if it is offering consulting services to clients on climate issues.
Yahoo announced better-than-expected quarterly earnings today, quelling investor concerns that consolidation and business failures among struggling dot-coms might hurt its revenue base.
The Justice Department sought to block Oracle's $7.7 billion offer for PeopleSoft on the grounds that combining the two companies would reduce competition in the market for software that large corporations use to manage their finances and employee records.
So a pair of MCI phones would cost as little as $1,350, or one-third less than an A.T.& T. pair, even after the price cut.
Court Halts a Bid by Intel to Stop E-Mail
Comcast and Time Warner Cable, for instance, generally keep those logs for only 30 days.
But to drive home its appeal for more severe sanctions against Microsoft, AOL, in its Netscape suit, has requested that the case go to Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly, the same judge considering the proposed settlement in the government's case.
And both sides agree that perhaps the main stumbling block was overcome last week in an understanding that would allow unions to organize more easily at Verizon Wireless.
Software revenues increased 12 percent to $4.3 billion, and much of its software sales are products that run on I.B.M.
Neil B. Sweig, a pharmaceutical company analyst at Ryan, Beck & Company, said that he believed that Pfizer, which makes Viagra, will now push to quickly complete a deal with Warner-Lambert.
Evidence that arthritis drug Vioxx might increase risk of heart attacks or stroke has been mounting since drug was approved for sale in 1999, but Merck & Co, its maker, always disputed such findings; Merck's defense crumbled only after arrival of irrefutable evidence from company's own studies that Vioxx doubled long-term patient's chance of having such problem; short but highly profitable history of Vioxx may prove to be story about triumph of marketing over science; sales of Vioxx soared to $2.5 billion in 2003 on strength of one of biggest direct-to-consumer marketing campaigns yet for prescription medication; in first six months of this year alone, Merck spent estimated $45 million advertising drug (M)
She attributed the shifts to a desire to ''better balance'' assignments between the company's two primary global agencies, Bates and J. Walter Thompson in New York, part of the WPP Group, as well as to recognize ''the quality work'' by Bates for other Pfizer consumer health care brands like Benadryl and Sudafed.
But several Internet analysts and investors said Yahoo's fast growth and huge market valuation will enable Yahoo to remain independent if it chooses.
''It took a long time for the integration strategy to play out,'' said a former senior Microsoft researcher.
The commission focuses on three manufacturers that buy Intel chips -- Compaq Computer, Intergraph and Digital Equipment -- because they were also engaged in patent disputes with Intel.
(When a customer writes a gift card or requests wrapping, for instance, Amazon counts the purchase as a gift.)
A.T. & T. said yesterday that it had consolidated the media-buying portions of all its accounts aimed at black consumers at the Uniworld Group Inc. in New York.
In a letter sent yesterday to a lawyer for MySpace, a division of the News Corporation, attorneys general from eight states said the company had not done enough to block sexual predators from the service and had failed to cooperate with the authorities.
Ford Motor recently overcame its most contentious union negotiations in decades by finessing an agreement over the future of workers at its giant auto parts unit.
At the crowning moment in today's balloons-and-marching-band ceremony to roll out the first Buick made in China, John F. Smith Jr., chairman of the General Motors Corporation, got behind the wheel of a shiny white 1999 sedan, strapped on his seat belt, and was unable to make the car move.
The suit says I.B.M., Hewlett-Packard, Dell and Sony are some of the companies that have been subject to Intel's illegal business practices.
It loses its exclusive distribution rights to Kodak copiers.
Wal-Mart appeared to smooth the way for expansion in China in July when, for the first time, it allowed employees to form a trade union, the company's first in China.
In an unusual twist, the Microsoft Corporation is among a dozen or so smaller players in the I.M.
Advertising column on new advertising campaign for 1997 Buick LeSabre; McCann-Erickson Detroit unit of Interpublic Group of Companies is longtime Buick agency; since January, General Motors Corp has been showcasing shift to brand-management system under which company promotes each model as a separate brand rather than as a part of the division that built it (L)
In the years since then, when he served as Boeing's president before retiring in 2002, the military division passed the commercial aviation unit in revenue, despite Boeing's historic devotion to aircraft development.
The reason it could mean additional competition for those manufacturers, Mr. Wilson said, is that if the Intel chip is less expensive, it could pave the way for new makers of cellphones to enter the market.
Coca-Cola also said that it would discontinue a grant given to a researcher at Virginia Commonwealth University who has been studying taste perception in rats, which share certain taste pathways with humans.
An outside bid for AT&T's cable operation, which would probably require a premium price, could serve the interests of John C. Malone, who became one of AT&T's biggest shareholders when he sold the cable giant Tele-Communications Inc. to the company, a deal completed in March 1999.
H&R Block says its loss widened to $60.3 million in third quarter as result of continued problems at its subprime mortgage unit Option One; growing losses raises speculation on Wall Street whether executives will achieve their goal of selling unit for $1.3 billion this month; Lehman Brothers, which owns five mortgage lenders and has had soaring fixed-income revenue in tandem with housing boom over years, reports record earnings of $1.2 billion for first quarter, 5.6 percent increase from year earlier; chief financial officer Christopher O'Meara says bank's subprime business represents about 3 percent of overall revenue (M)
But in the end, the court must make a difficult judgment -- both about what may happen in the future and about the corporate character of Microsoft.
Still, Mr. Galbraith acknowledged that despite the lack of growth, the soup business was extremely profitable for Campbell.
He noted that Yahoo's total page views increased by only 2 percent in the quarter, below his estimate of Google's growth.
Mr. Jones said the acquisition would allow Nike to try a ''buy rather than build'' strategy and to develop leisure shoes separately from the hard-core Nike sports image.
Justice Department and seven states file lawsuit to block Oracle's $9.4 billion hostile takeover of PeopleSoft Inc; Justice Department says deal would violate federal antitrust laws, reduce competition and lead to higher prices for customers; agency joins suit by attorneys general of Hawaii, Maryland, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New York, North Dakota and Texas; Oracle's chief executive Lawrence J Ellison says it will fight lawsuit; PeopleSoft chief Craig A Conway says Oracle should withdraw its bid; chart; photos (M)
Siemens opted for the Motorola handsets instead of introducing its own advanced-services phone.
While on sabbatical earlier this year, Dr. Lee approached Google about leaving Microsoft and then discussed the company's business before accepting a job in July.
In 2001, when it bought GPU in a deal valued at $4.8 billion, FirstEnergy's stock was a highflier.
Last June, students preparing for their freshman year at Yale received a letter from the university's director of information technology, Daniel A. Updegrove, steering them toward the purchase of personal computers using the Windows operating system from Microsoft, equipped with microprocessors from Intel.
Moody's cut its ratings two notches, to Baa2 from A3.
That's what you have in the case of Halliburton; that's what you have in the case of Honeywell.''
Microsoft reaches preliminary settlement with consumers in Minnesota who claimed that company had overcharged them for software from 1994 to 2001 (M)
In a rare setback, Comcast said yesterday that it was withdrawing its $54.1 billion offer for Walt Disney after it became apparent that its bid was too low to succeed.
The British association's board said that it had performed an audit of Pfizer's practices involving the medical liaisons and that the company had agreed to carry out all its recommendations, which it did not describe.
One change is meant to help General Mills adapt to the new-media landscape as it tries to reach consumers using nontraditional approaches like the Internet, e-mail marketing and branded entertainment.
Honeywell said in a statement that it was glad the court found the commission's theory on bundling to be ''flawed'' and ''incorrect.''
Berkshire insurance affiliates run by Mr. Buffett's most trusted deputies are involved in what investigators describe as possible financial manipulation at insurance giants like the American International Group and the Zurich Financial Services Group.
Between them, I.B.M.
Several leading players in toy industry agree to pay 44 states $50 million in cash and merchandise to settle antitrust charges; Toys 'R' Us, which was accused of orchestrating conspiracy to restrict competition, agrees to pay largest amount--toys with retail value of $27 million and $13.5 million in cash to be used for toys, books and other educational materials; Mattel Inc agrees to pay $8.2 million in cash and toys and Little Tikes Co agrees to pay $1.3 million; Hasbro Inc agreed last December to pay $6 million in cash and toys to resolve its portion of case; toys will be distributed to needy children by Marine Corps 'Toys for Tots' program over three holiday seasons beginning this year (M)
The 52-page consent order outlines specific steps I.B.M.
Pepsi will promote Yahoo on 1.5 billion soft drink bottles and with displays at 50,000 stores around the nation.
Coming less than a week after Microsoft announced a $5 billion pact with the AT&T Corporation to use Microsoft software in some of AT&T's cable television systems, yesterday's deal highlighted Microsoft's hunger to expand beyond the PC industry.
''While disappointed by today's departure of colleagues and friends, we are able to draw upon the deep bench of talent to lead the business going forward,'' a Morgan Stanley spokeswoman said yesterday.
But in anticipation that he might, over the last few months the Justice Department, the states and Microsoft all have been trying to recruit potential witnesses for the remedy hearings.
Apple's Profit Quadruples, Yet Stock Falls
The judge hearing the case, Federico A. Moreno of Federal District Court, ruled last month that the lawyers who represent health plan subscribers could proceed with claims of fraud under the Racketeering Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act against Aetna, Cigna and United Healthcare.
The meeting, several participants said, will not focus on developing strategies to unionize Wal-Mart but rather on assessing Wal-Mart's influence on the nation and on strategies to check Wal-Mart's downward pull on wages.
The buyout offer comes as AT&T braces for intensified competition in its main long-distance telephone business and less than two months after the company announced that it would break into three pieces.
The therapy, which is given intravenously, became part of Johnson & Johnson's portfolio in 2003 when it acquired Scios, a biotechnology company.
At Cintas -- which has acquired more than 200 companies, many originally with union work forces -- only a few hundred of its 30,000 employees are represented by unions.
Typical business air fares appear to be holding steady; American Express domestic air fare index shows that from October 1997 through May 1998, typical one-way business fares rose only 1 percent, to $452; in contrast, those fares climbed 16 percent in 1997 over pervious year; Air Transport Association finds that average ticket prices over all increased in June only 2.2 percent over fares in June 1997; members of frequent-flier programs of AMR's American Airlines and US Airways can begin claiming awards for travel on either airline beginning Aug 1; some limited berths are available for Disney Magic, the Walt Disney Co's twice-delayed cruise ship (M)
The Yahoo Messenger program was recently updated to include free PC-to-PC calling and free voice mail, and is now called Yahoo Messenger With Voice.
The seven accounting techniques Xerox used were frequently approved, carried out and tracked by top management, the S.E.C.
But perhaps more significantly, the site will be selling goods made by other companies, a sharp departure from Gap's traditional private-label strategy (you can't buy Levi's jeans at the Gap, for example) and a shift that could presage further merchandising changes at its Gap, Banana Republic and Old Navy stores.
Although the Lower Manhattan community board voted against the plan, Goldman Sachs said it decided not to proceed with the complex project strictly for business reasons.
Today, big Internet companies like America Online and many major corporations -- including those using I.B.M.
For Comcast and other cable companies, News Corporation now poses a dual threat.
Craig Moffett, an analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein & Company who had been negative on the merger of Comcast and Disney, said: ''Comcast's newest effort, taken together with the recent launch of their African-American channel, TV1, points to a sort of an organic growth strategy at Comcast for programming and suggests that there may be more ways to integrate programming and Comcast's distribution capabilities even without having to make a major acquisition.''
Lawrence McCracken, a Boeing spokesman, said that the company had not yet worked out the specific details of which jobs will be eliminated.
Indeed, as aggressive as Microsoft's outreach may seem, in many ways the company is becoming increasingly defensive.
In yesterday's deal, Verizon agreed to combine its D.S.L.
Karen Burk, a Wal-Mart spokeswoman, said the company ''felt a majority of our customers may not be comfortable with that image.''
No news there: this is Rupert, after all -- but the strategy is as much defense as vision.
Apple has contended that it in effect has subsidized the clone makers by bearing the brunt of development costs for the Macintosh system, but Mr. Guglielmi said that the clone makers poured millions of dollars into developing the Mac platform.
Company executives also continued to defend Amazon Prime, the discount shipping program, despite longstanding concern among some analysts that the program was too costly.
WARNING BY MOODY'S HURTS YEN.
Medtronic shares rose 5 cents, to $43, yesterday.
In exchange, Microsoft offered, to some or all of these parties, promotional patronage, substantial financial subsidies, technical support, and other valuable consideration.
Intel Corp reports 76 percent decline in earnings in second quarter from year earlier; earnings were $854 million on revenue of $6.3 billion (Market Place column) (M)
There's also encouraging news from another American Express survey, to be released later this week, which shows that companies are seeing some respite from steadily rising business air fares, at least for the time being.
Today's move by I.B.M.
Bruce E. Bradley, director of health plan strategy and public policy at General Motors, said, ''As a nation, we need to expand coverage for the uninsured and reduce the burden for uncompensated and inefficient care for many payers, whether it's the government or the hospitals or employers.''
The project, known as East River Plaza, is moving forward because a major retailer, Home Depot, recently signed a 30-year lease for 110,000 square feet of space, slightly more than its typical suburban store.
When Disney rejected Comcast's offer and no other company submitted a bid, Comcast chose not to sweeten its own.
Humana's walking away from the deal has made investors only more suspicious of United Healthcare.
This week, needing cash to finance operating losses and with the credit rating agencies having determined that its bonds are junk and its commercial paper unsalable, Corning came up with a glorified common stock offering that devastated an already depressed share price, which fell 50 percent in the last three days.
After all, General Electric let its merger with Honeywell collapse rather than make concessions to European regulators.
''We are starting a detailed review of all the businesses that have been losers with a much tougher eye than we have before,'' said Andy D. Bryant, Intel's chief financial officer.
Mark Loughridge, formerly senior vice president in charge of I.B.M.
Rumors of Mr. Pressler's impending ouster became so persistent in the last year that Gap's founder, Donald G. Fisher, issued a statement last year confirming his support for the chief executive.
As a result, Yahoo, which earned $75 million selling ads on MSN last year, expects only $25 million from Microsoft this year as the deal runs out.
In many ways, they say, that chaos may make the current merger with United Technologies more workable.
''For people who do shop Target,'' like the many tourists who frequent Times Square, ''it's reinforcement,'' Ms. Liebmann added.
Microsoft has now retreated a bit from that stance.
Boston Scientific, based in Natick, Mass., said it expected to recover about 500 Hemashield Vantages that had been shipped but not implanted.
General Motors' Saturn plant in Spring Hill, Tenn, opened with such high hopes, is among 12 factories GM plans to shut or partly close; it will eliminate 30,000 jobs in North America as it tries to recover from one of worst slumps in its history; Saturn plant was seen as rare opportunity for company and its workers to embrace some of lessons Japan was teaching, with American twist; workers and managers at complex made decisions together; Saturn plant is victim of company decision to disregard plant's need to grow, pouring money into sport utility vehicles and pickups instead; now, 1,500 workers at Saturn plant are set to lose jobs that GM originally assured them were guaranteed; another 4,000 jobs there hinge on whether company gives factory new models to build; Saturn workers have learned harsh reality that building quality cars and cooperating with management are not enough to save their jobs; GM also plans to close its well-regarded plants in Oklahoma City and Oshawa, Ontario; photos (M)
Mr. Mortenson said he did not think a Microsoft breakup would be good for the company's investors, but he noted that the lawsuit will take years to resolve and that no one knows the outcome.
After two years of earnings shortfalls and market share losses tied to its line of wireless telephones, Motorola has been on an aggressive path to new wireless ventures.
Among the claims in the suit, Verizon said that Vonage used some Verizon technology for transferring voice calls from the Internet onto the traditional telephone network.
Retailers, many of them angry over plan by Universal Music to lower compact disc prices by as much as 30 percent because it may hurt their profit margins, are instituting price changes slowly and unevenly; Virgin Megastore refuses to comply with plan; HMV chain is selling Universal titles for new suggested list price of less than $13; other deep discounters, including Wal-Mart and Best Buy, have stuck near their customary prices ofjust under $10; result has muted effect of price plan, setting stage for new battle in November when Universal Music begins advertising campaign telling consumers to look for lowered prices at cooperating stores; photo (M)
BBDO New York is creating the tough new Campbell ads along with the New York office of Young & Rubicam Advertising, part of the Young & Rubicam division of the WPP Group.
Shark threatened Microsoft because it was based on the Network Computer standard that was developed jointly by several of Microsoft's competitors, including Oracle, Apple Computer Inc., the International Business Machines Corporation and Sun Microsystems Inc.
Regulators in China took away Pfizer's patent there on Viagra, the drug company said yesterday, in a case that the Bush administration considers an important test of China's commitment to international trade agreements.
Some analysts said that America Online would benefit more from a deal than Time Warner because its credibility will be burnished in the eyes of the Chinese government.
The paradox in all this, many retail analysts say, is that Abercrombie & Fitch itself has thrived by offering a middle-class knockoff of the collection of preppy duds designed by higher-end companies like Polo Ralph Lauren.
Steve Ballmer, executive vice president of Microsoft, appearing in a satellite hookup from the company's headquarters in Redmond, Wash., stressed to an audience of reporters and investment analysts that the deal did not lock ICL into exclusively promoting Microsoft's products.
Last year, Amgen licensed a diabetes drug from Biovitrum, a Swedish company, but executives revealed at Amgen's analysts' meeting last week that the drug did not perform that well in an initial clinical trial.
In the case of Eprex, which is made by Johnson & Johnson and is sold only outside the United States, this immune response is widely believed to be responsible for 141 cases of pure red cell aplasia.
That is a market that could easily mitigate any number of missteps and blunders -- potentially a market that would remake the cellular phone world that so far has largely eluded Intel.
SAP representatives appeared this year before the staff of the European Commission, which is investigating the Oracle bid for PeopleSoft.
Microsoft offered the fix on its Web site in December, when the vulnerability was discovered.
In another part of the case, the appeals court rejected the lower court's conclusion that Microsoft's basic decision to fold its browser into Windows was inherently a violation of the antitrust laws.
In October 2002, a month before Ms. Druyun had recused herself from working on Boeing business, she and Mr. Sears met to discuss a possible job at Boeing.
In 2001, after spending 35 years with Coke, Mr. Isdell resigned as chief executive of Coca-Cola Beverages.
But deadline loomed, and because the editors of the biweekly Fortune sign off on Friday night and the magazine starts rolling off the presses on Saturday morning, Mrs. Loomis filed a piece that predicted that Mr. Dimon, the president of Citigroup, would ascend to the position of director of Citigroup's Global Capital division.
To bankers at Citigroup, however, M. A.
He also testified that he disagreed with Microsoft employees whose memos contradicted his own assertions.
Yahoo is recruiting scientists who pioneered advanced search-engine technology at IBM's Silicon Valley research laboratory; Prabhakar Raghavan, computer scientist who once led search-engine effort at IBM, joins Yahoo as head of research; photo (M)
Hackers ruled the Net long before Amazon sold its first book, and  the recent attacks served notice that they can shut down parts of the Internet any time they choose.
Earlier this month,  Goldman Sachs & Company and GE Capital, a subsidiary of General Electric, offered to invest $1.5 billion to $2 billion, according to an investor in Finova debt, but their plan would also have meant that debt-holders would not have been fully repaid.
Technology Briefing
Goldman Sachs advised Johnson & Johnson; Cravath, Swaine & Moore provided legal advice.
''This is the first time we've finally decided to go with it,'' said MaryBeth Masterson, product manager of white pages for Verizon.
Arguing that it needed aerial refueling tankers, but saying that it did not have the money to pay for them, the Air Force has been lobbying for a proposal that would have leased 100 Boeing 767's and converted them into flying refueling stations for combat airplanes.
The business software market, Oracle contends, is a dynamic one, with no shortage of innovation and competitors.
Amgen, already the biggest biotechnology company, announced yesterday that it had completed its acquisition of Immunex, gaining control of the rheumatoid arthritis drug Enbrel.
Shares of Merck, the third-largest drug maker in the United States, gained more than 3 percent on the day, closing at $27, up 82 cents.
As a result, Yahoo's shares rose $1.92, or 6.1 percent, in after-hours trading, after closing up 33 cents, at $31.30, in the regular session.
Fears About Microsoft Return, in Mexico
In recent years, eBay has struggled with slower growth and increased competition, especially in its core auction business in the United States.
Prices were modestly lower through the morning, as traders absorbed a profit warning from American Express and a report from the National Association of Purchasing Managers that suggested the long slide in the manufacturing sector might have turned last month.
Three developments were driving the Halliburton settlement: the growing fear of asbestos liability, which if not dealt with quickly has had devastating consequences for companies; the interest of claimants to receive compensation quickly, ideally from solvent companies; and the fear by lawyers for claimants that legislation might be enacted limiting corporate liability.
Johnson & Johnson shares fell to close at $60.21 yesterday, off $1.11.
In its research, American Express found that owners split three ways when asked if they wanted a program that would let them impose charges on no-shows.
AK Steel, largest steel supplier to General Motors Corp, is threatening to cut off shipments because of dispute over contract terms that has turned into legal battle; halt of shipments could lead to layoffs at 15 GM factories and tens of millions of dollars in losses per day; dispute centers on long-term steel contracts that run from beginning of 2000 through end of 2004; contracts state that GM's price for steel declines over time, but AK Steel contends in court filings that new inspection, testing and quality control systems requested by GM increased its costs and that it has not been compensated, as required by contracts (M)
Nor shall anything in this paragraph require Microsoft to waive any applicable privilege or immunity, including, without limitation, the attorney-client privilege and work product protection.
The new version of the drug, called Aranesp, is a longer-lasting form of an existing Amgen drug, Epogen, which is the largest-selling drug in the biotechnology industry.
The Newmont Mining Corporation announced an unsolicited bid yesterday of $2 billion in stock for the Santa Fe Pacific Gold Corporation, a move that could set off a bidding war in the rapidly consolidating mining industry as other companies seek to enter the fray.
Polo Ralph Lauren will also assume $25 million to $28 million (United States) in debt.
Reviews A Bid Made By Microsoft
In one case, Novation said the nation's biggest needle maker, Becton Dickinson & Company, paid it $1 million in ''special marketing'' fees in 2000 in connection with a three-year contract for syringes and needles.
Eliot Spitzer, the New York attorney general, submitted a report yesterday as part of his lawsuit against Maurice R. Greenberg, the former chief executive of American International Group, contending that Mr. Greenberg unfairly enriched himself and other A.I.G.
Rupert Murdoch's News Corp reportedly joins in bid by Michael R Milken and others for Simon & Schuster publishing house (S)
As it has in every year since the original American Telephone and Telegraph Company broke up in 1984, AT&T's share of the consumer long-distance telephone market declined.
These executive say managers at Verizon Wireless are allowed to speak out against unionization because the contract reached three years ago, even though it is called a neutrality agreement, allows either side to give its views on the subject.
Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation will invest in a bid by Michael R. Milken and others for the Simon & Schuster publishing house, a person close to the negotiations said yesterday.
Correction:  June 11, 2005, Saturday  An article in The Arts on June 1 about Robert Greenwald, who is making a documentary about Wal-Mart, included a film erroneously among those he has directed.
In the report, Mr. Vinik said that shares of Micron Technology were ''still relatively cheap.''
Whirlpool wanted to reshape thinking about laundry, so it showed some futuristic prototypes at the Milan furniture fair in April.
Micron Electronics, which produces computing systems and products, reported earnings of $19.7 million, or 20 cents a share, up 40 percent from a year earlier.
Over Labor Day weekend, Microsoft and Pepsi kicked off a radio promotion to give away 9,000 Xbox 360's by Nov. 22.
It is not Unocal but Chevron, which is competing to buy Unocal.
''Even within the media industry, adoption rates are just getting ramped up,'' said David Farrell, I.B.M.
Yet, Humana had other reasons to walk away from the deal.
If the offering goes as planned, Motorola will receive $1.5 billion and Freescale will get about $750 million.
As one of the 17 remaining active employees who helped start Southwest Airlines 35 years ago, he is rich.
The Microsoft Network has worked out some glitches that prevented prospective members from signing up last week, and deterred existing members from upgrading their on-line service and checking their accounts.
Oracle's $7.7 Billion Offer For a Rival's Customer List
The ad is part of a heavy push by the Ford Motor Company to convince Americans that a new crop of cars coming out this month are worth buying on their own merits, not because of a $5,000 rebate or zero-interest financing.
Some games, like Dodge Raceway, are found on major gaming sites like Microsoft's Gaming Zone, where companies pay for the privilege of having them available along with conventional games.
Mr. Purcell has also placed loyal executives in charge of Morgan Stanley's major business units like its retail brokerage division and its asset management business.
Chevron is thus unlikely to seek to enter the business again.
Correction:  October 14, 2002, Monday  An obituary on Sept. 26 about Bob Wallace, a software pioneer who was an early Microsoft employee, referred incorrectly to the file retrieval and editing system, or Fress, a 1960's software development project at Brown University in which he was involved.
DDB Worldwide in New York, part of the Omnicom Group, is cutting the size of a subsidiary after a large account loss and is naming a top executive to a new post.
Besides soup, Campbell makes Pepperidge Farm cookies, V8 juice, Prego pasta sauce and Godiva chocolates.
Including a one-time cost of $224 million to convert its B Sky B satellite broadcasting service in Britain to digital technology, the News Corporation reported a net loss of $10 million, or 2 cents an A.D.R., in contrast to a net profit a year earlier of $233 million, or 23 cents.
Richard L. Huber, the president of Aetna, said as much when he announced the deal last week for Prudential Health Care.
Mr. DeMartini, a former senior executive at Morgan Stanley, was hired by Mr. Lewis two years ago as part of an effort to increase the asset-management division's profile.
Because of its site and because it keeps some of its chemicals off the highways for safety reasons, Huntsman has become dependent on Union Pacific rail cars that either show up in large numbers or not at all.
's within I.B.M.
I.B.M.
Pfizer and Warner-Lambert would have $15.9 billion in sales and a 6.3 percent share.
Aides say Gov George E Pataki will appoint his chief of staff John P Cahill to take control of rebuilding effort in Lower Manhattan; he will also use hundreds of millions of public dollars to jump-start fund-raising effort for 9/11 memorial at World Trade Center site, and push ahead timetable for producing redesign of Freedom Tower office building; Cahill will be charged with power to bring together disparate agencies and agendas at site of multibillion-dollar redevelopment project; one of his first priorities will be to lure Goldman Sachs & Co back to Lower Manhattan; Pataki's latest plans seen as his starkest and most public acknowledgement that large and emotionally delicate effort in Lower Manhattan has suffered serious setbacks in recent weeks; Pataki, whose third term expires next year, has long hoped that rebuilt and prospering downtown would be cornerstone of his legacy; all those involved at ground zero will report to Cahill, including whoever succeeds Kevin M Rampe as president of Lower Manhattan Development Corp (M)
concluded that Morgan Stanley was violating the terms of the settlement, it could go to court to seek to hold the firm in contempt.
''Wal-Mart's expansion into the Northeast is going to create a killer competitive environment and an intense price war,'' predicted Burt Flickinger 3d, who has been studying regional retail patterns for three decades and is now managing director of Reach Marketing, a retail and marketing consulting agency in Westport, Conn.
In the Chicago market for health maintenance organizations, United and Humana would have a 28 percent share, ahead of H.M.O.
The iTunes Music Store appears with the Apple Computer logo, but not the company's name.
That revamping could translate to layoffs, said A.M. Sacconaghi Jr., an industry analyst with Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, which has a market perform or hold rating on the I.B.M.
The agreement, however, is somewhat vague, and Mr. Malone and AT&T are now negotiating more specific contracts that would take effect after the unit was separated from AT&T.
Michelle Slatalla column on protecting privacy of one's purchasing habits online in light of change in privacy policy at Amazon.com; describes PrivateBuy.com, a new service from Ecount that promises to create an untraceable online identity; cartoon (M)
In another example, Goldman Sachs sought aftermarket demand from a customer on the 10 million share initial offering of CoSine Communications in 2000.
Wal-Mart also said it would expand the use of in-store clinics to treat employees and nonemployees.
The academy singled out Apple for computers and software that advanced the way music is ''written, mixed, recorded and creatively imagined.''
The announcer says, ''At Merck, we believe in the same things you do.''
's case, for instance, could have been used in a separate civil case brought against Intel by Intergraph, a producer of specialized computer work stations.
''There's definitely been a palpable upswing in methods, competence and boldness,'' said Eric Horvitz, a Microsoft researcher who is president-elect of the American Association for Artificial Intelligence.
Comcast Shareholders Have Little Difficulty Containing Enthusiasm
Mr. Gates described the ability of the new version of Word to  recognize an address, or a United Parcel Service shipping number, or even a United Airlines flight number and perform a function like looking up shipping or flight information.
At least once a week, Motorola will send election news and information to the cellphones of consumers who sign up online.
But the Manhattan District Attorney cannot use the same laws to charge Morgan Stanley.
also said that KPMG violated its duty to advise Xerox when it discovered illegal acts in its audits.
Microsoft executives contend that it is less expensive and faster to build speech applications with its technology than with I.B.M.
Microsoft's sheer size makes exponential growth impossible anyway, but the notion of governments watching over every new Microsoft innovation, prepared to challenge it if it seems unfair to some competitor, is a daunting one.
''We offer consumers a solution and a service, not just tools to do things themselves,'' said Jerome W. Johnson, general manager of Kodak's domestic consumer imaging business.
After the close of trading today, Motorola reported that it had an operating profit of $40 million, or 7 cents a share, excluding special charges, down from $308 million, or 51 cents a share, in the period a year earlier.
While financial details of the current bids were not divulged, any successful offer for the cable unit would probably have to exceed $40 billion, based on its market-leading 14.4 million subscribers and its contributions to AT&T's overall revenue.
But shares of Amazon, the big Internet retailer, fell after hours as investors expressed skepticism that the company's low-price strategy would lead to sustained growth and long-term profit.
Apple contended that Microsoft had stolen its intellectual property.
Mr. Walker said that the Microsoft contributions did not ''in any way give Microsoft an advantage; Web services was a portion of the larger message of the tour.''
Ms. Greenwald, who was hired as a senior vice president in 1992, contends that Mattel fired her in July 1995 because she alerted her superior, James Eskridge, then Mattel's president, of her concern that the company might not have accounted properly for a royalty payment it had persuaded the Walt Disney Company to defer from 1994 into 1995.
With its customers having grown accustomed to such consistently low prices, Wal-Mart could have a particularly hard time passing on the higher energy costs -- both its own and those of its suppliers.
But James Evatt, president of the Boeing missile defense unit, offered a caveat: ''We all like to think we have got influence,'' he said, ''but government will decide which programs to pursue.''
Commenting on the Supreme Court decision today not to take a direct appeal of the antitrust ruling, leaving it in the hands of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, Steven Ballmer, Microsoft's president, said: ''I'm happy to get on with the legal process.
In fact, Mr. Burke is paid rather handsomely, because Comcast is considered among the more lavish with stock options for top executives.
Tax benefits aside, Comcast and Time Warner both have the resources to buy Adelphia.
Specifically, the academy noted that Apple's products, starting with the Macintosh computer, have made it easier and less expensive for a musician to single-handedly compose, edit and mix music.
APPLE COMPUTER
Pfizer said that Warner-Lambert's pro forma return on equity would drop to 34 percent from 40 percent if that merger took place.
At Motorola, Plans to Raise $2.7 Billion In a Spinoff
In an effort to quickly position itself as a major player in the industry, AT&T is in talks to affiliate itself with some of the nation's largest on-line service providers, according to several people familiar with the talks.
United Nations Development Program and Cisco Systems Inc have enlisted dozen popular entertainers to kick off Internet-based initiative to help world's poor; project, called Netaid, appears to represent most extensive partnership UN has formed with private enterprise in trying to relieve poverty in developing world; Netaid's public debut is scheduled for Oct 9, when group will stage overlapping concerts in East Rutherford, NJ, London and Geneva (M)
YankeeNets put New Jersey Nets up for sale and hire Goldman Sachs and Lehman Brothers to help find buyers (M)
Brian S. Shipman, a senior analyst for UBS, said in a note to investors yesterday that the news was unwelcome for Interpublic, but not catastrophic.
The move to bring Fox Entertainment back inside the fold of News Corporation also gives Mr. Murdoch more flexibility to wield his deal-making muscle in the United States, where he used to have to rely on the often faltering stock price of his Fox subsidiary as leverage for deals.
Previously, Microsoft has argued publicly that because Navigator and Java did not pose a serious threat to Windows, the company should not be subject to the stiff penalties proposed by the states.
Next Tuesday, it will reopen two streets down, on 50th Street, as the Alkit Image Express/ Kodak Image Center Solutions Store, Kodak's first co-branded store in New York.
Media and technology companies say 2002 may be year for interactive television to become popular in US; cable companies, satellite television services, media conglomerates and Microsoft Corp have all made interactive television key part of their strategic visions; Americans remain apathetic about interactive TV, and not many even understand what it is; in US, interactive television--catch-all term broadly used to describe everything from video on demand to digital video recorders to television commerce--has been driven more by corporate competition than by consumer demand--has been driven more by corporate competition than by consumer demand; analysts say different response to interactive TV among Europeans and Americans stems from relatively higher penetration of personal computers and Internet access in US: tasks that Europeans might do on television, Americans perform on their desktop personal computers; photos (M)
While the court agrees with plaintiffs, and thus holds that Microsoft is liable for illegal tying under Section 1, this conclusion is arguably at variance with a decision of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit in a closely related case, and must therefore be explained in some detail.
Mr. Yang disputed that assertion, saying that the reorganization had focused Yahoo on its customers: its users, and the advertisers and publishers that help it generate the bulk of its revenue.
A Wal-Mart spokeswoman said the company was ''weighing its options,'' including a lawsuit to challenge the law because it is close to that 8 percent threshold already.
The report found that unions and workers had brought 292 cases against Wal-Mart, with the National Labor Relations Board finding that 101 cases had merit.
Verizon has said that it plans to run optical fiber along the streets in front of about 1 million of its customers' homes by the end of next year.
The battle for P&O Princess has been raging since December, when Carnival moved to disrupt a friendly merger between P&O and Royal Caribbean Cruises with a $5.5 billion hostile bid for P&O.
But it's not only competitors like Netscape that have encountered Microsoft's force.
Almost 18 months after the European Commission ruled that Microsoft had abused its dominance in the software market, Europe's antitrust authority is considering opening new cases against the company, Neelie Kroes, the competition commissioner, said Monday.
But after news of the offer leaked yesterday, family members representing a majority of the company's votes quickly voiced their opposition.
Time Warner executives have said that Mr. Ames has strenuously opposed the proposed sale of his division to EMI, arguing that its prospects and its stock were both shaky.
EBay has rolled out these new measures to the 100 categories most favored by counterfeiters, including clothing and luxury goods like handbags.
Oracle will release details, including net profit, on March 15.
ABC will present premiere of its show Gideon's Crossing without commercial interruption; Johnson & Johnson Co, sole sponsor of show, will have one-minute commercial at beginning of show and another at end; photo (M)
The returns, while far from showing the explosive growth enjoyed by Cisco during the heyday of the Internet boom, indicate that the company is headed in the right direction, said Stephen Kamman, a telecommunications equipment analyst with CIBC World Markets.
Those books that are also carried by Amazon -- look for the ''our price'' information at the end of the book description -- can be ordered by clicking on the book's cover, which takes you to the book's page at Amazon.
Bundling applications like Media Player, the e-mail program Outlook, and the word processing program Word into Windows is a tried-and-tested business model that answers customers' needs for all-inclusive software packages, Microsoft argues.
grew out of a decision announced by Allstate in late 1999 to streamline its sales force.
But in 2000, Merck submitted a safety study to the F.D.A.
Chevron hopes that by putting the issue to a vote fairly quickly, it can thwart Cnooc's $18.5 billion bid.
In trading yesterday, United Healthcare shares jumped $1.50, to $40.125, on the New York Stock Exchange on volume of 1.7 million shares.
Already, some companies have reacted to the original Microsoft decision by getting rid of temporary workers before they can be considered permanent, lawyers said.
Of 21 analysts covering Citigroup and tracked by Bloomberg, he is the only one with a sell recommendation on the company's shares.
Cisco Systems Inc., the world's No.
I figured I might have to give eBay Stores some time; after all, it was only a few weeks old.
Jack B. Grubman, a former star telecommunications analyst, told a friend in an e-mail message early last year that his boss, Sanford I. Weill, the chairman of Citigroup, helped to secure spots in an exclusive Manhattan nursery school for Mr. Grubman's twin daughters after he began recommending that investors buy AT&T stock.
As a result, I.B.M.
The ''smart objects'' announcement is one of several elements Mr. Gates has planned for his speech, including other new initiatives from Microsoft, to make what amounts to a pep talk to a technology industry humbled by the slump that began two years ago.
The case, which Wal-Mart lawyers described as ''elephantine,'' is now the largest of its kind in United States history and would include nearly every woman who has worked at the company since December 1998.
The new offer is similar to the one in July, executives close to the bidding said, but the overall value would be lower than the summer price because Comcast's share price has slumped along that of other cable stocks.
Time Warner Inc. and Tele-Communications Inc. have agreed to create a new joint venture that will own cable systems and to expand an existing partnership.
Heidelberger Druckmaschinen, world's largest maker of offset printing machines, sells its digital printing operations to Eastman Kodak Co; Kodak will purchase Heidelberg's 50 percent interest in NexPress Solutions, joint venture of Kodak and Heidelberg; Kodak will also acquire NexPress GmbH, Heidelberg's German subsidiary based in Kiel; purchase price could reach maximum of $150 million; Heidelberg also agrees to transfer its web offset division to Goss International; financial terms undisclosed; graph (S)
The only restrictions it places on personal computer makers are those that insure that Windows will be reliable and easy to use, Microsoft said.
Correction:  March 28, 2001, Wednesday  A chart in Business Day yesterday comparing Johnson & Johnson with a company it plans to buy -- the Alza Corporation, a maker of alternative ways of delivering medicine to the body -- referred incorrectly to Procrit, a drug for anemia.
From a low of $36 in 2000, Bank of America's stock slowly but steadily moved higher.
''Microsoft and Nextel will deliver the next generation of wireless services to enable people everywhere to stay in touch with the information they need, regardless of location,'' William H. Gates, Microsoft's chairman, said in a prepared statement.
In 1997 Exxon gave $100,720 to the Houston Grand Opera and $65,000 to the Dallas Museum of Art.
After ending merger discussions with Warner-Lambert and American Home Products, the Procter & Gamble Company will probably stick to consumer products rather than court another big pharmaceutical company anytime soon, investors and stock analysts said yesterday.
But he said Cisco was also vulnerable because it had not always had the best technology at any given point in the network.
The value of Ms. Miller's Priceline options briefly shot up to more than $40 million last March, before crashing to earth.
Private banks cater to wealthy individuals, and Citigroup had dominated this lucrative market in Japan until the scandal.
Economic turmoil in Brazil has raised concerns about the Latin American exposure of large international banks like Citigroup, although Mr. Reed said yesterday that the bank had anticipated Brazil's devaluation of its currency, the real, and was not seriously hurt by the move.
Boeing shares rose 7 percent yesterday, and 3M's fell 4.9 percent.
''The unknown right now is whether this slowdown is temporary or longer lasting,'' Mr. McKinnell said on a conference call with Pfizer investors and Wall Street analysts to discuss the earnings report.
Exxon Mobil, the world's largest private oil company, is expected Thursday to announce a quarterly profit exceeding $8.5 billion, more than companies like Intel and Time Warner earn in a full year.
In its defense, Microsoft said, it will argue with supporting evidence that the decision to include browsing capabilities in its Windows 95 operating system was made much earlier, even though the company had not yet acquired the technology.
The new service "is based on Netware, so we know 30 million users already know how to use it," John C. Petrillo, president of AT&T's business communications services unit, said in a telephone interview.
Most Microsoft Corp shareholders support chairman Bill Gates in wake of Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson's preliminary ruling that company is monopoly, annual meeting; Gates reiterates his stance that Microsoft's 'innovations and behavior were completely fair and brought tremendous benefits to millions of consumers'; one shareholder suggests that Gates reach out-of-court settlement as soon as possible and questions whether Microsoft will hire new legal team; photo (M)
On Thursday alone, it fell 7 percent, as rumors swirled that the News Corporation, which has become frustrated in its attempt to pull off a merger with DirecTV, was close to a deal with a rival satellite company, Echostar.
Judge Gerard Lynch rules that Morgan Stanley Dean Witter must turn over information regarding complaints of race and sex discrimination to Equal Employment Opportunities Commission (M)
''Because grandma had an AT&T phone means it is reliable and the company has proven it.''
As U.S. Spars With Microsoft, Federal Offices Use Its Systems
Coca-Cola Co is beginning monthlong marketing blitz that includes advertising during high-profile events like Super Bowl XXXII and Winter Olympics; new commercials will include first work for Diet Coke from Wieden & Kennedy advertising agency (S)
''We can't figure out how to go through retail and have us make money and have the retailer make money on a consistent basis,'' said David M. Thomas, the executive in charge of I.B.M.
Still, Comcast's expansion has been slowed by the costly modernization of its network.
Similarly, while attacking the government's charge that Microsoft sought a monopoly in the Web browser market, Microsoft quoted from the judge's findings as follows: ''The evidence is insufficient to find that Microsoft's ambition is a future in which most or all of the content available on the Web would be accessible only through its own browsing software.''
Michael Murphy, editor of The California Technology Stock Letter, also said that the Year 2000 worry is misguided, and added that any damage it did to Adobe shares presented a buying opportunity.
Applied Materials reported earnings, excluding one-time items, of $41 million, or 5 cents a share.
Amazon has listed used books alongside new books since late 2000.
Powering the TV gains were ''American Idol,'' the country's top-rated show with an average of more than 25 million viewers an episode, and higher advertising sales for local news and the National Football League playoffs.
Last week, the Texas Railroad Commission approved a request to the Federal Surface Transportation Board to force Union Pacific to sell 250 miles of track in and around Houston to an independent entity that would give other railroads access to the Houston market.
Edward J. Zander, the head of the hardware business at Sun Microsystems Inc., said that Microsoft's offerings would not hurt Sun's business soon.
Joram Rauchwerger, a 56-year-old postal worker in Tulsa, Okla., recently broke his 22-year-old vow never to buy another car made by General Motors.
Right now, one of the big distractions for AT&T's cable planners is the company's continuing negotiations with AOL Time Warner about selling AT&T's 25.5 percent stake in Time Warner Entertainment.
Compared with other wireless spectrum auctions abroad, the price paid by Verizon has struck analysts as unusually high.
''Weighed against breaking their business model for all markets, it doesn't make sense for Apple to continue operating with the iPod and iTunes in France.''
Comcast's surprise bid, together with an effort by two former directors to oust Mr. Eisner, has helped build a constituency of investors who are expected to withhold as many as a third of shareholder votes from Mr. Eisner in the election today.
Unilever agrees to sell some of its European sauces and packet-soup businesses to Campbell Soup for about $920 million to satisfy conditions imposed by regulators when they approved Unilever's acquistion of Bestfoods in US (M)
''There are a lot of markets left in the United States where you could have a Wal-Mart, or a Sears or a Home Depot, but not at the size you are accustomed to having it,'' he said.
has missed the last two quarters'' -- not that ''Intel'' has missed the last two quarters.
To woo Mr. Zuckerberg, Yahoo has offered about $900 million for Facebook and says it will keep the company somewhat independent, with Mr. Zuckerberg in charge.
Other banks have been conducting similarly detailed reviews of their customers' experiences, but Bank of America says that ''what is unique is the way we use it,'' according to Catherine P. Bessant, the company's chief marketing officer.
Chevron hopes to use the knowledge it has obtained from this vast open-air, and underground, laboratory and apply it to similar heavy oil fields around the world.
Microsoft Offers A Dictionary That Talks
A late Wednesday warning from the Intel Corporation that it would fail to meet Wall Street earnings expectations unnerved investors yesterday.
Boeing 747's, which the Airbus believes will be rendered obsolete by the A380, now account for one in nine Heathrow flights.
Although the number of accusations disclosed today by Carnival to news organizations was sharply higher, company officials said that most of the cases were less serious than indicated earlier and that the majority involved accusations of unwanted touching, kissing and other inappropriate advances.
The new relationship comes as the video game industry prepares for its annual trade show, where the three major entrants -- Sony, Nintendo and Microsoft -- are jostling to capture mind-share from both software developers and consumers.
For now, the card networks' bylaws prevent their members from issuing cards by rivals, including American Express and Discover Financial Services, a unit of Morgan Stanley.
And that shift may play to the advantage of larger competitors like Microsoft and Yahoo.
Wal-Mart has said its new Value Plan has encouraged more workers to sign up for health care.
Once the king of casual clothing, selling T-shirts and hooded sweaters to the young and old, Gap has struggled to stand out against niche retailers like Abercrombie & Fitch and fashion labels like Juicy Couture that have thrived on exclusivity.
In New York, in a news conference before the two sides broke their stalemate, Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani assailed Time Warner, calling it an ''out-of-touch monopoly,'' with leaders who ''haven't given us the courtesy'' of explaining their reasoning.
''It's a very widespread perception,'' said Richard Bready, managing editor of the Microsoft Encarta Dictionary.
Starbucks deal to set aside space in its coffee shops for Kozmo.com, urban delivery specialist, may be first example of established retailer offering its floor space and personnel to e-commerce company; it is unlikely to be last; industry executives and analysts predict such agreements will come rapidly in next few months, as Internet retailers struggle to address two of their most glaring vulnerabilities--customer acquisition costs and returns--while continuing to close gap between virtual and traditional stores; photo (M)
The draft stated that the three ''independent directors,'' those selected jointly by the Bancrofts and the News Corporation, would have been people ''recognized for excellence in journalism'' or with other, relevant expertise, and would have chosen their own successors.
The hearings over the Microsoft antitrust case returned today to what has been the most hotly contested question since the government filed its suit four years ago: Can a court tell the company how to design its own software code?
Of those, AT&T Worldnet Services will be responsible for offering business and residential customers access to the Internet through dedicated networks, dial-up telephone services, and wireless communications.
US Postal Service and FedEx Corp are discussing partnership that would help service increase revenue while giving FedEx low-cost way to reach millions of residential customers; partnership could be blow to industry leader, United Parcel Service, which delivers 12 million packages a day; photo (M)
''Amazon lists only 8,301 'software programs' under its productivity software categories,'' Mr. McKenzie writes in his paper, titled ''Microsoft's Applications Barrier to Entry: The Missing 70,000 Programs.''
Microsoft says its sub-pixel approach is ''an unprecedented innovation in font display technology'' and Mr. Gates called it a ''leap forward'' in screen sharpness.
The speech, given at the annual meeting of the National Governors Association here, was directed at an increasingly important constituency for Wal-Mart: state leaders who have veto power over legislation aimed at forcing Wal-Mart to spend more on health care.
To some critics, including Mr. Brasher of Rice Voelker, Netflix faces an even more challenging future than Blockbuster.
''Why is Microsoft resisting so much?''
But it remains unclear what role Mr. Pitofsky will play in the Chevron-Texaco deal, because it is by no means certain he will remain at the agency.
Only the week before I had crossed that same bridge the new old-fashioned way: I went on eBay and bought a used iMac desktop, with the same OS X operating system the Mini has, for $120.
filing, FirstEnergy said that ''the potential penalties that may be imposed, as well as the capital expenditures necessary to comply with the substantial remedial measures that may be required, may have a material adverse impact on the company's financial condition and results of operations.''
Analysts said that even though AT&T was a relative latecomer to the on-line services industry, it would enter the rapidly growing electronic market with a formidable array of strengths, not the least of which was a powerful brand name.
Yahoo said its net income fell to $159.9 million from $204.6 million a year earlier, partly because of higher stock option expenses.
The Kodak name is showing up in a lot more places these days.
In hindsight, Boeing may have made a mistake in 1993, when it decided to remodel the narrow-body 737 that was first introduced in the 1960's, rather than invest in an entirely new plane.
In the PC business, for example, I.B.M.
One step Microsoft had taken in the last couple of years, the Justice Department contended, was to tighten its contract restrictions on PC makers.
Still, the Microsoft decision in the European case to withdraw its request for a two-day hearing, which would have begun on Dec. 20, is another clear example that the company is moving aggressively to try to put its antitrust troubles behind it.
Agencies handling work for Pfizer include Arnold Worldwide, part of Havas; Berlin Cameron/Red Cell, part of the WPP Group; the Kaplan Thaler Group, part of the Publicis Groupe; McCann-Erickson Worldwide Advertising, part of the Interpublic Group of Companies; and Merkley & Partners, part of Omnicom.
The iPod, Apple Computer's portable player for digital music files, has a built-in bookmark function that can hold your place in an audio book, but the feature works only with files in the Audible format.
''Yahoo hires a lot of smart people, and they can do this if they want to,'' she said.
Intel, Motorola and Texas Instruments, three of the world's largest chip makers, all reported earnings yesterday that met or slightly exceeded Wall Street's expectations.
The case could cost Microsoft tens of millions of dollars or more.
For Windows XP, Microsoft recommends that you have a PC with at least a 300-megahertz processor, 128 megabytes of random-access memory, or RAM, and 1.5 gigabytes of free hard drive space.
The European Commission said Wednesday that it had rejected a set of restrictions that Microsoft wants to impose on a trustee who will be charged with policing last year's antitrust ruling against the company.
Fidelity and I.B.M.
Last Wednesday, the Justice Department filed a reply to Microsoft's brief, saying the company's proposal was ''a cosmetic remedy'' of no real worth.
By early 1996, orders picked up, soon becoming a torrent as Boeing slashed prices to secure 20-year supply agreements with big airlines like American, Delta and Continental.
But manufacturers were initially skeptical, so as with Priceline, WebHouse simply subsidized the discounts itself to generate consumer interest.
And if so, did I.B.M.
''While we get established, having the I.B.M.
In contrast, most of Microsoft's rivals -- I.B.M., Sun, BEA Systems and others -- use an industry-standard version of Java, J2EE, as the foundation of their development platform.
Genentech, the next biggest biotechnology company after Amgen, is seen as a buyer.
Motorola is under contract to buy these processors from the company only through 2006.
And Microsoft will get much more value from him.
Federal Judge Rodney W Sippel denies class-action status to antitrust lawsuit that accused some of world's biggest agricultural seed companies of conspiring to fix prices; decision is severe blow to case brought in 1999 by some of nation's most prominent antitrust lawyers, who accused Monsanto Co and other big agricultural seed makers of trying to control booming market in genetically altered seeds in 1990's; companies accused in case--Monsanto, Bayer, Syngenta and Pioneer Hi-Bred--praise Sippel's decision and say case against them has not merit (M)
I.B.M., the world's largest computer company, with $86 billion in revenues last year, spans so many product categories and geographic markets that its performance is inevitably linked to the economy -- and the outlook for the economy this year is uncertain.
In an interview, he accused HarperCollins executives of deliberately attacking him as part of a larger corporate vendetta, because he appears on a rival to the Fox News Channel, which, like HarperCollins, is part of the News Corporation.
Motorola joined those ranks last week, the Web sites of the trade publications Advertising Age and Adweek reported, by hiring 180, a boutique in Amsterdam, for a brand assignment.
''Microsoft Office is what the world uses and is familiar with.''
INTEL ALTERS PLAN SAID TO UNDERMINE PC USERS' PRIVACY
How is Wal-Mart taking the news that the agency it hired and then fired is being hired by a rival?
The criticism, when raised about the merger announced yesterday, was speculative, based on the increasing links and controls that led Mr. McChesney to assert, in his book ''Rich Media, Poor Democracy,'' that just nine major companies controlled much of the information and the delivery systems around the world: Time Warner, Disney, Sony, General Electric (NBC's parent), AT&T, the News Corporation, Seagram (its media holdings are concentrated in music and film), Viacom (CBS's parent) and Bertelsmann.
While it is not illogical for participants in a trial to assume the company would continue testing the drug, Judge Castel wrote in a 21-page opinion, ''that is a far cry from establishing a contract by which Amgen bargained away the freedom to terminate the research trials in its sole discretion.''
Goldman Sachs is also viewed as a contender, the executives said, but Google's management has shown some concern about Goldman's close relationship with Microsoft and Yahoo, another major competitor.
For example, the News Corporation, with a stock that closed Friday at $17.34 a share, pays a 10-cent dividend.
Fulfilling orders for other companies is not a new business for Amazon.
Previously, Boeing kept records only of applicants who were interviewed, not those who expressed interest in jobs and were turned away.
Three months after the breakup of a contentious courtship characterized by lawsuits and recriminations, Tyson Foods and IBP announced yesterday that they had settled their differences and recommitted themselves to a merger.
The awards are flowing freely, and many are going to agencies owned by Omnicom Group.
Still, until now, British Airways, Europe's largest airline, had relied on Boeing as its supplier.
In a telephone interview this evening, Jean Claude Gassee, chief executive of Be, said, ''In November, a Compaq executive called me, rather embarrassed, to say that someone had inadvertantly leaked some information from us to a company in Redmond,'' the Seattle suburb where Microsoft has its headquarters.
Computer manufacturers that once put only Intel chips inside their boxes are moving to other suppliers.
Ron Gettelfinger, union executive who negotiated spinoff of Ford's auto supply business on exceedingly generous terms for its workers, is expected to be nominated as next president of United Automobile Workers; will run against Richard Shoemaker, vice president who oversees unions relations with General Motors; both are vying to succeed Stephen P Yokic, who has passed mandatory retirement age of 65 and will leave when term ends in 2002; photo (M)
In 2005, Exxon Mobil sent $2.9 million to 39 groups active in the United States that spread misleading information about climate change, Mr. Ward said, including the Competitive Enterprise Institute, the International Policy Network and the Center for the Study of Carbon Dioxide and Global Change.
Charges of foreign intrusion into critical American military markets have dogged Airbus, while Boeing has suffered as a result of its ethical missteps.
Earlier this month, Reuters announced similar deals with the Lotus division of I.B.M.
Yahoo didn't have any proprietary content, and they have 100 million users who go to their Web site every month.
The Charles Schwab Corporation, forecasting no rebound in investor sentiment this year, said yesterday that it would eliminate 11 percent to 13 percent of its work force and warned that its first-quarter earnings would fall short of already lowered expectations.
Canadian Auto Workers Union announces that Ford Motor Co will be pattern-setting company in upcoming labor negotiations with union; Basil E (Buzz) Hargrove, president of Canadian union, says richer pensions for current and future retirees will be first priority; says union will also demand improved cost-of-living adjustments, expansion of four-day workweeks, better prescription drug coverage, tuition reimbursements and child care provisions; Hargrove notes that Ford, along with General Motors Corp and DaimlerChrysler AG, earned spectacular profits over last five years; labor experts expect unionized auto workers in Canada and United States to get strong raises this year at all three companies (M)
The appeals court had found that Judge Jackson was wrong on the law when he ordered Microsoft to immediately unbundle its Windows operating system and its Internet Explorer Web browser.
John H. Tyson, chief executive of Tyson Foods, said in a statement: ''Our company has cooperated fully with the S.E.C.
A spokesman for Campbell promptly charged that Mr. O'Neill, who is 44, had signed a 1995 noncompetition agreement with the company that precluded working for Heinz.
In the costliest acquisition of an Internet company to date, VeriSign Inc., a producer of online security software, agreed today to acquire Network Solutions Inc., the Virginia-based company that maintains the master list of Internet addresses.
Last Monday, a Time reporter, Christine Gorman, paid a separate visit to Pfizer's research department in Groton, Conn., to begin reporting an article for the issue, Mr.
To hasten this grand migration, Microsoft has been courting software developers, hoping to persuade them to write for its new operating-system-in-the-sky.
Intel Corp offers computer chip designed to be built into modems that can pick up long-range high-speed wireless Internet signals; chip is intended to enable modems to pick up so-called WiMax transmissions, which can carry data traffic over more than 20 miles; technology is seen as both complement and successor to Wi-Fi transmissions, which send data over shorter distances; analysts say Intel move may jump-start commercial adoption of WiMax (M)
Merck has already designated lawyers from other firms to handle the New Jersey and New Orleans cases, Mr. Frazier said.
''In the offline world, there is a lot of consolidation in what people see and buy -- the whole Wal-Mart, Clear Channel effect,'' said Fred Durham, the chief executive of CafePress.com, a six-year-old privately held company in the San Francisco Bay Area that acts as a marketplace for Internet sellers of tailor-made products like T-shirts and coffee mugs.
Procter, whose Charmin and Bounty brands lead their markets, has a mirror-image reason for introducing Charmin Basic and Bounty Basic.
What American Express and Ameritrade do share is a willingness to give away stock trades to attract customers.
As part of a marketing drive to reclaim the public trust, Mr. Ivester, the Coca-Cola chief, said on Wednesday that he would buy everyone in Belgium a Coke.
''Microsoft competes for engineering talent, but only the talent that is willing to move from here to Seattle,'' said Roger McNamee, general partner of Integral Capital Partners, an investment firm in Menlo Park, Calif. ''And a lot of people who live in the valley are religious about the place.''
Boston Scientific Corp wins antitrust clearance from Federal Trade Commission for $27 billion acquisition of Guidant Corp; first-quarter sales fell 6 percent from last year to record $120 million in charges for quarter; companies still need approval from full European Commission and other regulators (M)
W Mark Lanier, lawyer for survivors of Robert C Ernst who died at age 59 in May 2001 after taking Vioxx, tells Texas jury in his closing argument that Vioxx's maker Merck lied to public about medicine's dangers and should be punished with very large damage award; ask jury to ward Ernst's wife, Carol, $40 million in compensatory damages and many times that in punitive damages; large award is necessary to persuade drug companies to disclose risks of their medicines; Merck's lawyers implore jury not to hold Merck responsible for Ernst's death, saying that Lanier did not prove Vioxx caused Ernst to die; photo (M)
General Dynamics shares closed at $81.76 yesterday, down $3.04.
Interactive television may be heading into tens of millions of living rooms in next two years, prompting industry battle over who will lay claim to tens of billions of dollars in new revenue that interactive advertising is expected to yield; conflict has exploded into one of central disputes in government's review of America Online's proposed acquisition of Time Warner; combined AOL Time Warner would run television networks, own cable systems and control nearly half consumer market for Internet acccess; consumer groups and competitors fear company would be so powerful it could stifle other would-be providers of interactive television; America Online contends it is too early to worry about anyone dominating interactive television market, but rest of industry, including units of Time Warner, are already preparing for battle; photo (M)
Mr. Stahl had recently been among the executives who had discussed Coke's plans with investors and analysts, and the company's proxy statement, which was issued on Friday, made no mention of his resignation.
Aetna Deal for New York Life's Health Unit Is Expected Today
The book, written by someone named Imad Aoun, is being sold through a program that Amazon offers to independent authors and small publishers.
The increase in operating earnings will be more like 4.8 billion euros, company executives say, and the rise in production has been about 5 percent annually, or roughly 20 percent over the four years, outstripping rivals like Shell and Exxon Mobil, where increases were 8 to 15 percent.
Still, Morgan Stanley earned a higher return on equity, 16.4 percent, than either Goldman or Lehman Brothers.
That would spell the end of Mr. Purcell's vision of Morgan Stanley as a diversified financial services firm.
Treasury Sec Paul H O'Neill does not hear much dissent from Wall Street officals about new Bush administration's plans for stimulating slowing economy during one-day listening tour in Manhattan; rounds up support from economists and executives of banks, stock exchanges and hedge funds; Citigroup chairman Sanford I Weill and others express concern about sagging confidence among consumers and investors during closed meeting; O'Neill tries to allay concerns that administration has turned its back on Wall Street; photos (M)
Several proposals are on the table, from forcing the Microsoft Corporation to publish the proprietary code for the Windows operating system to breaking up the company.
But yesterday Motorola described wireless sales as ''robust'' and endorsed industry estimates that the number of cell phones sold would reach 420 million this year and grow to 525 million to 575 million next year.
Microsoft has asked Judge Kollar-Kotelly to throw out a request for tougher penalties, a move considered unlikely because she has issued a series of orders outlining the procedure to consider the states' claims.
Netflix ''has taken one step by moving its stores onto the Internet,'' says Michael Ramsey, chief executive of TiVo, the digital video recorder service, and a Netflix board member.
It could affect 28 cents a share of after-tax income from the Prudential Insurance Company in the three months ended Sept. 30, which Aetna booked as service fees and ''reinsurance'' to make up for continuing Prucare losses.
Johnson & Johnson said this week it thought there were eight cases among users of Epogen and Procrit combined.
That budget, and the $20 billion war chest that Pfizer has amassed to buy promising discoveries from smaller companies, give Dr. LaMattina, an organic chemist by training, outsize influence in the pharmaceutical business.
Moody's Investors Service raises credit rating of Nissan Motor Co to investment grade, rewarding company for cutting its debts (S)2
Ade O Ogunjobi, college dropout who describes himself as entrepreneur, says his Los Angeles-based Toks Inc plans to make tender offers for General Electric Co, AOL Time Warner, General Motors Co, Hughes Electronics unit of GM, AT&T, AT&T Wireless and Marriott International; General Motors spokeswoman says offers were declared hoax by most companies; Ogunjobi insists his offers are legitimate (M)
Dick Schneider, the union's chief negotiator, denounced Boeing's proposal, calling it ''a job-killing, money-stealing, retiree-mugging offer.''
The News Corporation also owns WNYW, Channel 5, in New York.
The move by Dow Chemical came just two days after its chief executive, Andrew Liveris, publicly denied a report in a British newspaper that it was in talks about a sale.
General Electric will acquire Honeywell International for $45 billion in stock, capping intense deal-making that broke up impending merger with United Technologies; GE chairman, Jack F Welch, will defer planned retirement from April to end of 2001 to see deal through and manage company's largest acquisition; company will pay 1.055 shares for each of Honeywell's roughly 817 million fully diluted shares, valuing each share at approximately $55.39; will reportedly assume $3 billion in debt; charts; photos (M)
Verizon said that these costs would be offset by lower churn rates -- the number of customers who drop service each year -- and growth in the enrollment of new broadband subscribers.
Opening statements are set to begin in trial of Justice Department's lawsuit to block Oracle's proposed hostile takeover of PeopleSoft (M)
Airlines give big lift to order book for next-generation Airbus A350, announcing contracts for 114 of planes on first day of Paris air show; vote of confidence puts program on more solid footing, although it is still well behind Boeing Co's rival jet; A350 orders, worth more than $27 billion, are part of total of 219 firm orders and 120 provisional ones with combined value of $45.7 billion at list price; Airbus orders announced include contract for 30 Airbus A320s from Jazeera Airways worth $2.1 billion to $2.4 billion; GE Commercial Aviation Services announces orders of up to 60 A320s, and Russian carrier S7 places firm order for 25 of planes; orders for A380 are placed by Emirates, Qatar Airways and Air France; photo (M)
Gains in Northrop Grumman's stock price since the attacks on Sept. 11 raised the value of its bid to the point that Newport News Shipbuilding three weeks ago opened talks about a possible deal.
Under the instructions from Judge Ben Hardin, jurors must first determine three issues: whether Merck failed to warn doctors about Vioxx's dangers; whether Vioxx was a defective product and could have been designed differently; and whether Merck's negligence is responsible for Mr. Ernst's death.
Stanley Works says its shareholders approved by thinnest of margins its proposal to become Bermuda company, but employees and retirees contest outcome and say managers misled them about how millions of votes would be counted; Connecticut attorney general and state treasurer meet to decide how to challenge balloting in court, based on conflicting instructions from company about how unvoted shares that employees own in Stanley's 401(k) retirement fund would be examined; those shares provided more than six times winning margin in vote that came down to difference of about one-half percentage point; company said in April 4 letter to employees that unvoted shares would count as votes against Bermuda plan, which is meant to help company avoid taxes in US; members of machinists union received letter on May 4 saying April 4 letter erred, and that unvoted 401(k) shares would be voted by 401(k) plan's trustees 'in accordance (with) the trustee agreement and applicable law'; union leaders say they were unaware of what trustee agreement called for; chairman John M Trani says without disputed ballots, measure would have lost by more than two million shares; photo (M)
Analysts had been expecting Microsoft to report earnings of 42 cents a share, on sales of $7.1 billion, according to a consensus of 24 analysts polled by Thomson First Call.
He said that Microsoft also hopes to work with similar services.
EBay and Buy.com, both Amazon rivals, buy ads that appear on the Springsteen pages of Google, but are blocked from appearing on Amazon.
Correction:  February 19, 2005, Saturday  A picture credit in Business Day on Tuesday with an article about the acquisition of MCI by Verizon Communications misstated the affiliation of the photographer.
''It was a low-ball, cheap proposal,'' one of the people close to the talks said of Chevron's offer.
More near-term support for the ''graying industry'' view of technology came two weeks ago from Goldman Sachs.
Coca-Cola announced sweeping layoffs, and P.& G. tried to make a deal for American Home Products and Warner-Lambert.
As for Oracle's fourth fiscal quarter, the company said it earned 15 cents a share, or $854.9 million.
The MacBook is available in white like the older iBook, but a sleek black model is also available; prices start at $1,100, and configurations can be compared at www.apple.com/macbook.
From April 22, 1981, the day Mr. Welch took command at G.E., through yesterday, an investment in General Electric common stock rose 6,220 percent -- or 23.5 percent a year -- assuming reinvestment of all dividends and ignoring taxes and transaction costs.
When members of Congress left the Capitol last month, corporate leaders of Lockheed Martin followed them, warning key legislators in their home districts that hundreds of jobs would be lost if there was not enough money to build the Air Force's newest fighter jet.
The Comcast bid came in a year when cable stocks in general have underperformed stock market indexes as investors have worried that satellite companies will erode cable growth and that phone companies will compete successfully for subscribers to high-speed Internet services.
At the American Neurological Association meeting in San Francisco, Dr. Lawrence Jacobs, a professor of neurology at the State University of New York at Buffalo, said that a drug made by Biogen Inc. of Cambridge, Mass., had been effective in fighting the symptoms of multiple sclerosis.
And despite the fatal crash of a Boeing 767 flown by Egyptair and the Federal Aviation Administration's announcement this week that it will inspect quality controls at Boeing's factories after several recent lapses, the world's airlines still consider Boeing jets to be safe and reliable.
offerings over the competing bids from Microsoft and others on the project.
I.B.M.
Quark said that it was disappointed by Adobe's response and that while it would seek a friendly transaction, it held out the possibility of a hostile tender offer.
To account for Gemstar's falling stock price, last spring the News Corporation recorded a $4.2 billion charge, turning what would have been a $236 million quarterly profit into a $4 billion loss.
Asked by GSD&M to describe Wal-Mart as if it were a person, some consumers compared it to a handyman, a grandmother and Uncle Sam.
Boeing shares, one of the Dow average's component stocks, had been rallying in recent weeks.
Wal-Mart is not alone in giving shoplifters some leeway.
Rochas's $4,000 suits and dresses, designed by the young Belgian Olivier Theyskens, were an odd fit with Procter's core products, like Duracell batteries and Tide detergent.
Given that Citigroup has less than 10 percent of deposits in most markets outside the New York area, ''it's a no-brainer that they will continue to do deals,'' said Robert Albertson, chief strategist at Sandler O'Neill & Partners.
The company, which has not completed its review of the errors, said they would not affect Goodyear's cash position or its access to credit lines.
If they wanted to capture new customers they should have had an organic salad and Newman's Own Organic dressing, and all those aging baby boomers who haven't been going to McDonald's for years would have returned.''
Lehman Brothers took over Morgan Stanley's part of the deal, under which the securities company owns the building and the Rockefeller Group continues to own the land, a spokesman for the Rockefeller Group said.
The Ford Motor Company and Chrysler, now a division of DaimlerChrysler, are already discussing health care cost cuts with the union and will seek similar concessions, since all three Detroit-based companies negotiate labor contracts in tandem.
Microsoft lost its 10th board member in September, when William G. Reed, the former chairman of the Safeco Corporation, stepped down.
MARC USA acquires Caldwell Van Riper, ad shop in Indianapolis with 54 employees and billings estimated at $38 million; agency will operate as autonomous unit under name CVR/MARC; Interpublic Group of Companies acquires Singer Allbrand to form unit called Publishing Agency; Kirk Cheyfitz is named worldwide managing director of new unit; Leslie Singer will be executive vice president, chief creative officer and managing director; VNU Marketing Information Systems acquires Media Plan Inc, which will become division of Spectra Marketing; Robert Wolf will become president of new division, while Carl Spaulding heads up divisional unit (M)
Timing the introduction to build demand heading into the Christmas quarter, Apple described several new features aimed at home buyers.
Nathan Brookwood, an analyst at Insight64 in Saratoga, Calif., said he expected 64-bit capability to be part of Intel's next release of the Pentium, code-named Tejas, within a year.
The F.D.I.C., which is based in Arlington, is reviewing Wal-Mart's application to open a bank that would process credit card transactions -- and that is all, Wal-Mart says.
Intel promises a more mainstream version in the near future.
Federal and state regulators are again considering legal action to force Microsoft to alter a new system, Windows XP, which tightly integrates Internet services like music, instant messaging and shopping into this basic operating system.
Goal of most communications companies to deliver integrated basket of advanced services, particularly high-speed Internet links, discussed in light of planned merger of cable television giants Comcast Corp and Mediaone Group Inc; merged company is likely to emerge as cable carrier with best combination of size and Internet familiarity, but currently has only small share of Internet market; map; table; photo (M)
Time Warner's Roadrunner is one of the largest providers of cable Internet access.
Starting today, Yahoo is introducing a series of improvements to its own Web search service meant to reclaim the territory it ceded to Google.
Out of print for years, the books are of course widely available on eBay, where I bid on a couple, like ''Trixie Belden and the Mysterious Visitor'' and ''Trixie Belden and the Happy Valley Mystery.''
He had worked mainly in the telecommunications equipment business at Motorola and Western Atlas.
Boeing's chairman, Philip M. Condit, said in a statement, ''We believe that this is an effective way to return value to our shareholders.''
Intel to Offer New Chips Today In Hope of Buoying Laptop Sales
America Online-Time Warner merger will have potentially enormous effect on Time Warner's individual units; most immedaite is seen for CNN, which would benefit from promotional strength offered by AOL's $22 million subscribers; huge effect, if not immediate, is also expected for Time Warner's music division, which will become first major record company to be so closely affiliated with Internet company through an ability to deliver music online (M)
Time Warner had been insisting on an eight-month extension.
That complication came this week when the specter of the music industry, which has been publicly supportive of iTunes, began to loom over Apple.
ABC also planned a joint venture with DirectTV, a satellite company, to buy and install satellite dishes in Los Angeles, New York and Houston for viewers seeking an alternative to Time Warner's cable service.
Comcast owners would exchange shares one for one into AT&T Comcast.
Before joining Oracle, Mr. Maffei was the chief executive of 360Networks, a telecommunications company, and before that he was the chief financial officer of Microsoft.
The Microsoft disinformation incident came to light on Wednesday when Richard Smith, the president of Phar Lap Software and a leading computer security expert, received an E-mail message from someone identifying himself as Phil Bucking of Bucking Consulting.
Descriptions of the business transactions between the two companies take up several pages in the documents that Coca-Cola Enterprises must file with regulators.
Ms. Sharapova, 19, ripped out pages from fashion magazines and showed them to Natalie Candrian, a senior product designer for Nike, who used them as inspiration to create the looks.
Such an idea would be likely to face opposition from Rupert Murdoch, the chairman of the News Corporation, which owns 40 percent of B Sky B.
In early July, just after taking charge, Mr. Mack ripped up a much-criticized contract that pegged his 2005 pay to the average compensation of the chiefs of Morgan Stanley's four major rivals.
At the same time, Merck withdrew Vioxx from the market.
Grey Expands Role with Hasbro
A senior computer industry executive, testifying in Federal court today, urged the judge to divide or limit the Microsoft Corporation so that the company could not use its market-dominating Windows operating system to promote its other products.
The Paris air show is traditionally a show of numbers, and the Boeing-Airbus matchup continues to be one of the great corporate rivalries.
''Jager is an aggressive guy, but nothing in his mind is worth watching the stock fall,'' said one person who talked with Procter & Gamble officials over the weekend.
The company created Coca-Cola Enterprises, and by taking a 49 percent stake, retained control of the bottlers without incurring their liabilities.
In July, Microsoft said it had decided not to ship Windows XP with  the software necessary to run programs written in the Java programming language, the creation of a competitor, Sun Microsystems.
Dell Computer Corp begins review for its home and small-business group ad account; billings, which has been handled by Goldberg, Moser O'Neill, estimated at $30 million; Oracle Corp begins review for its account, which had been handled by Think New Ideas; billings estimated at $42 million (S)
Pfizer's purchase of the privately held company, PowderMed, for an undisclosed price is the latest sign that big drug companies see new promise in vaccines, a business many of them once shunned as providing low profit margins and little growth.
IBM will open new Z-shaped headquarters in Armonk, NY, on Sept 18; building breaks mold of traditional button-down corporate office in favor of more open workplace; structure signifies postmodern, postdownsizing, employee-empowerment era that company now represents; photo (L)
A senior Microsoft officer testified today that the company's chairman, William H. Gates, and other executives came up with a plan to give computer makers a choice between selling their equipment with a nonworking version of Windows 95 or continuing to give consumers the popular operating system with Microsoft's Internet browser already included, despite a judge's prohibition.
Enron, once pinnacle of international energy industry, is now little more than shadow of its former self; gone are some iconic properties, including company's ambitious energy trading operations, which it transferred to investment bank UBS in 2002; its share of controversial Dabhol power project in India, sold to General Electric and Bechtel in April 2004, and Wessex Water, British utility that it sold to YTL Power of Malaysia in May 2002; Enron's payroll is down to 10,300 employees, compared with 32,000 before company collapsed; charts; photos (M)
Sun Microsystems, a maker of servers, benefits from this shift at Microsoft's expense, said Chris Mortenson, a managing director of Deutsche Banc Alex.
Both men declined to comment, and a company spokeswoman said Boeing would vigorously contest the lawsuits.
So beginning in 1996, Pfizer conducted the largest testing program every undertaken, enrolling thousands of people worldwide in clinical tests.
Nevertheless, upon reflection this court does not believe the District of Columbia Circuit intended Microsoft II to state a controlling rule of law for purposes of this case.
I.B.M.
Although Genentech effectively started the biotechnology industry with its founding in 1976, Amgen, founded four years later, has been the field's biggest business success.
Had it quickly followed Citigroup, which settled a year ago for $2.575 billion, J.P. Morgan Chase may have gotten away paying $1.4 billion in that case.
Shares of Honeywell fell $1.46 yesterday, to $37.04, well below the $56  they reached on news of the G.E.
Ms. Deng is not an officer of the News Corporation, but she has been named to the board of MySpace China, according to people involved in the talks.
The I.B.M.
Apart from the appeals process, Microsoft could face a raft of suits from the private sector.
Floyd Norris  Correction:  July 14, 2001, Saturday  The Floyd Norris column in Business Day yesterday, about financial troubles at Corning Inc., misidentified a $2 billion security issued by the company.
''They paid a stiff price for this,'' said Art Cecil, a food industry analyst at T. Rowe Price, which owns a large stake in General Mills.
'' 'Las Vegas' and 'Skin' have a lot of potential, but only one has the chance to do much,'' said Steve Sternberg, senior vice president and director for audience analysis at Magna Global U.S.A. in New York, part of the Magna Global division of Interpublic.
Media First will operate as an autonomous division of the partnership division of Interpublic, and Richard Kostyra, 61, will continue to lead the agency as president and chief executive.
The Lockheed Martin Corporation has agreed to pay $13 million to the government to settle a case involving the sale of satellite technology to China in 1994, company and Clinton administration officials said today.
A state assemblyman from Inglewood, Jerome Horton, said, ''We're very much concerned about Wal-Mart's business practices because they place a burden on California taxpayers when they don't provide health insurance to employees and when they pay wages that perpetuate poverty in the community.''
Mr. Pressler, who once ran the Walt Disney Company's theme parks, arrived at Gap in 2002 with bold plans to cut costs and restore the chain's place in the retail firmament after years of sluggish sales.
Bank of America's stock price has lagged that of its peers over worries that he is overpaying for FleetBoston and because of the bank's role in a series of financial scandals, including mutual fund trading and the collapse of Parmalat.
Today, 55 Water Street is owned by the Retirement Systems of Alabama, from which Goldman Sachs would lease the space being vacated next year by J. P. Morgan Chase & Company.
The disappointing earnings announcement, some analysts say, also raises doubts about the comeback story at I.B.M.
Microsoft said the two parties were still working out the final terms of the agreement and would present them to the state court in July.
From Internet software to data compression to multimedia, the computer experts note, Microsoft has acquired the basic intellectual property from outside the company and then refined and improved it.
The I.B.M.
On Friday, the federal government and 17 states asked Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson to split Microsoft into two separate companies: one focused on operating systems like Windows, the other devoted to software applications and Internet activities.
According to a recent survey Nike released to analysts, 52 percent of Chinese currently rate Nike as the ''coolest'' athletic brand compared with 38 percent for Adidas and 15 percent for Reebok.
On a day when many large companies saw their share prices fall, Boeing's stock rose 50 cents yesterday, to $44, on the New York Stock Exchange.
Market Place column on prospects for Texas Instruments, which may be better poised than other semiconductor stocks to resist industry's afflictions; unlike Intel Corp, Texas Instruments is becoming less attached to personal computer industry and betting its future on specialized chips, called digital signal processors; growth in sales of these chips has consistently exceeded 30 percent, with Texas Instruments growing even more rapidly, controlling half the market (M)
Using the number that Amazon prefers to emphasize -- the pro forma operating loss that is computed by excluding a variety of expenses, like interest on its $2 billion in debt -- Amazon said it expected to report a loss of just under $50 million, down from $99 million a year ago.
''Bingham's allegations and The Journal piece are red flags, sure, but I don't think there's anything I've learned in the last week that makes me feel these guys are cheating,'' said David R. Giroux, an investment analyst at T. Rowe Price Associates, which holds Xerox shares.
Aeroflot was expected to choose either the Boeing 787 or the Airbus A350 and to announce its decision at the air show.
As Brent Schlender, an editor at large at Fortune covering Silicon Valley, said: ''There's no question that what Apple does generally shows the direction where PC's go, technologically speaking.
It also contended that Microsoft used discriminatory licensing and refused to supply software information that would allow rival server products to work as well as Microsoft's own.
In January, newspapers reported that Mr. Jager was considering buying the drugmakers American Home Products and Warner-Lambert in an effort to vastly enlarge Procter's small pharmaceutical division.
Mr. Fleming, a former executive at Dayton Hudson, which became Target, based the new strategy on research that showed millions of Wal-Mart shoppers bought only household staples like paper towels and orange juice.
Almost 150 years later to the day, on April 7, the latest manifestation of Yankee commercial spirit opened here: Japan's first Wal-Mart-style Supercenter -- a single-floor, 85,000-square-foot store, with wide aisles, a single bank of cash registers, parking for 574 cars and plans for 24-hour operation.
Interpublic expects that deal to close in two weeks.
The Boeing Company said yesterday that weakening demand from Asian airlines would probably force it to cut production of its 747 jumbo jet next year.
Mr. Weill, known for being obsessed with his stock price, has been frustrated that Citigroup shares sell at a lower multiple of their earnings than other financial services companies like the American International Group.
''This is a big company with big marketing clout, state-of-the-art manufacturing and tremendous legitimacy in both the corporate world and the retail market,'' said Ken Krich, president of Computerware, a large Apple retailer in Sunnyvale, Calif. At the least, Mr. Krich added, the addition of Motorola will give retailers another source to turn to when Apple, which has been plagued by poor forecasting of demand, cannot ship enough of its hottest-selling machines.
Viacom generates slightly more than 45 percent of its revenue from United States advertising, while the News Corporation derives about a third.
For the full year, Mattel lost $82 million, or 21 cents a shares, compared with a $206 million gain, or 51 cents a share in 1998, as calculated to include the Learning Company acquisition.
The results stand in stark contrast to the hearty second-quarter profits posted weeks earlier by Merrill's two top competitors, Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley, and could be a harbinger of weaker earnings for Wall Street's top investment banks.
Dow Jones announced yesterday that it was dropping AT&T, Eastman Kodak and International Paper from its list of 30 industrial stocks, and adding Pfizer, the American International Group and Verizon Communications.
Microsoft Corp and Bush administration announce some modest changes in proposed settlement of government's antitrust case; modifications and recent flurry of court filings over merits and shortcomings of settlement plan represent final maneuvering before Federal Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly begins separate but related proceedings on March 6 to consider deal, as well as tougher list of sanctions being sought by nine states that have chosen not to join in settlement (M)
Following through with promises to cut costs as it struggles through a difficult first half of 2001, Motorola Inc. yesterday announced layoffs that will shut down production at the company's last domestic cellular phone plant.
After removing items related to acquisitions, taxes on stock options and other charges, Cisco earned 11 cents a share, nearly quadrupling its pro forma earnings last year of 3 cents.
It dismissed the trade association as ''a front for I.B.M.
Caldera, based in Orem, Utah, contended that Microsoft intentionally made Windows incompatible with DR DOS, a competitor to MS-DOS, the underlying system for Windows.
But the article was put on the cover because Wells Fargo paid for it.
United Healthcare's shares took another beating yesterday, ending trading at $33.375, a new 52-week closing low.
We are Boeing.''
They can pay $50 or more for a SCSI expansion card to put into one of the precious expansion slots, Apple says.
Verizon is only one of the many companies helping connect every corner of the conventions.
And some financial experts noted that, even if Comcast has the financial firepower to fight a takeover battle, it runs the risk of paying too much to win it.
Owen Van Natta, Amazon's vice president for business development, said the arrangement was solely to help users find the products and information they were looking for.
Nokia 5300 cellphone has buttons on outside for playing, pausing, rewinding and fast-forwarding music tracks; two-inch screen slides up to reveal full keypad, and phone is compatible with AOL, Yahoo and MSN Instant Messaging, as well as myFaves, T-Mobile's free calling plan for friends and family; phone includes one-gigabyte MicroSD card and holds about 300 songs; phone sells for $100 with two-year service contract at T-Mobile store or online; photo (M)
Unless Coke receives a court waiver, it must follow the panel's recommendations.
Juniper Networks, a leader in Internet switching technology, intends to announce a new line of products today, mainly routing switches that are smaller, less costly and more efficient than its previous models.
While the shortfall has been a boon to screen producers after years of oversupply that depressed prices and profits, it has created big headaches for computer makers like I.B.M., Dell Computer and Toshiba, which are scrambling to satisfy the appetite of customers for notebook computers and large desktop monitors.
The Lucent sale will make about 20 percent of the company available to the public, with the remaining 80 percent of the company going to current AT&T shareholders, who will receive one Lucent share for roughly every three shares of AT&T they hold.
When Boeing announced a review of all its operations earlier this year, promising to eliminate planes that were ''value destroyers,'' many analysts speculated that the 717 was at the top of the list.
But Target -- or Targe, as its irony-clad clientele have dubbed it -- is also trying to grab the eyes and wallets of amateur decorators.
Analysts prefer looking at Yahoo's revenue after deducting the payments it makes to the owners of other Web sites on which it sells ads.
But in many ways, the prospect of two on-line deals represent an acknowledgment of just how strong a market position Amazon.com holds.
Look what Procter & Gamble has wrought.
The matter also could come to the fore if General Motors decided to file for bankruptcy protection against creditors as the best way to handle its financial troubles.
Talks between Liberty and the News Corporation have gone nowhere and the News Corporation seems to feel that it is under less pressure to resolve the dispute than Liberty does.
Many industry analysts said they did not expect Verizon's move, raising its original offer by roughly $900 million, to end the competition, which has at times looked like a shouting match between the rival Bell companies.
General Electric plans to fight the proposal, as does the Citizen Environmentalists Against Sludge Encapsulation, a local group known by its acronym, Cease.
A spokesman for Interpublic, whose agencies handle advertising for Coca-Cola, General Motors and Nestlé, declined to comment beyond the statement.
Despite the strategic sense of a combination, stock analysts worried that the reported purchase price might be too high and could sharply reduce Amgen's earnings per share.
Still, some industry experts say that although Silicon Valley competitors like Apple Computer or Netscape have managed to take on the mantle of technology freedom fighters, they operate on the same competitive principles as Microsoft.
On Tuesday, Bridgestone executives played down the impact of the company's decision to end its business relationship with the Ford Motor Company.
A $1 billion antitrust suit filed against Microsoft in December by RealNetworks is pending.
Extending its low-price strategy, Amazon.com introduced an area of its Web site devoted to selling heavily discounted jewelry, including a wide range of products from $15 topaz earrings to diamond engagement rings.
And the task that C. Michael Armstrong took on when he became AT&T's chief executive in 1997 was far more difficult than the journey that Richard D. Parsons began when AOL announced last month that he would become the next chief executive.
Microsoft was answering a Justice Department brief filed last week that detailed  new evidence accusing Microsoft of trying to tyrannize several competing companies, including the Intel Corporation, Apple Computer Inc. and the Intuit Corporation, maker of the Quicken accounting software.
The Justice Department contends that a merger of Oracle and PeopleSoft would reduce the market to two competitors, leading to higher prices and fewer choices.
The second week of arguments begins today over what penalties Microsoft should face for repeatedly violating antitrust law, and the federal judge presiding over the trial in Washington has postponed ruling on the case's most contested question: how broad is the scope of this remedy proceeding?
PepsiCo, which gets 11 percent of its North American sales from Wal-Mart, said that after the request from Wal-Mart, the company quickly set about creating a new diet soda line called Slice One, initially to be sold only at Wal-Mart, starting this month.
Eighteen states involved in Microsoft antitrust case seem headed for sharp split, with some planning to sign onto proposed settlement reached by Bush administration and others planning to challenge deal; Massachusetts Atty Gen Thomas F Reilly says he will seek to block deal as harmful to competition and consumers; California, Connecticut and some other states seek to persuade Microsoft and Justice Department to reopen deal to eliminate variety of ambiguities and provisions states view as too lenient; opposition by some states is likely to at least delay case's resolution for many months; photos (M)
Mr. Lanier divided his presentation into two parts, a segment of almost two hours in the morning, and at the end of the day a closing rebuttal to Merck's argument.
The main prize for Amgen is full ownership of panitumumab, which slowed the progression of advanced colorectal cancer in a late-stage clinical trial.
Qwest's board met yesterday to discuss what action to take after MCI's embrace of Verizon's offer.
The work by 180 is intended to supplement campaigns created by Motorola's global agency of record, Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide, part of the WPP Group.
But, he acknowledged, that is largely because Amazon, like all retailers, benefits from the cash from Christmas sales, but does not have to pay its vendors for two months.
Pfizer also withdrew its financial guidance for 2006 and 2007.
Intel stockholders, on the other hand, are feeling the impact of the announcement.
Even before Bradlees moved out three years ago, Vornado looked at various uses for the building -- which is in fact two structures joined as one, the first of concrete and the other on a steel framework.. At one point, the bond trader Cantor Fitzgerald, whose World Trade Center offices were destroyed in the September 2001 terrorist attacks, seriously considered rebuilding its headquarters there.
Aetna plans eventually to offer the program nationwide.
Mr. Delmartino said that until now, Microsoft had heard nothing from the commission.
For months, they have called for restructuring Microsoft or its products, though they were not necessarily focused on the operating system.
In an attempt to take over TRW,  the satellite and missile contractor,  Northrop Grumman formally announced a $5.9 billion hostile bid Sunday night.
Netflix executives say their edge over the competition is not their library but the way the library is presented to users, who are asked to rate the films they have seen.
Citigroup Chief Makes Changes In How Bank Does Business
Carnival Corp raises its hostile bid for P&O Princess to $5.3 billion, from about $5 billion, but only on condition that 15 percent of shareholders (number needed to adjourn meeting) in target company agree by afternoon of Feb 8 to delay Feb 14 meeting for approving rival deal with Royal Caribbean Cruises; Royal Caribbean, in counterattack, mails letter to P&O Princess shareholders warning that failure to hold meeting could scotch proposed merger (M)
In the MacNaughton years Prudential expanded its real estate investments and diversified into auto and home insurance.
Prabhakar Raghavan, a computer scientist who once led the Clever effort, joined Yahoo last week as head of research.
If Entergy can increase the plant's capacity, it can sell the power elsewhere.
Microsoft has argued that while it is an aggressive competitor, its business contracts and tough negotiations with industry partners and rivals do not violate the law.
A few minutes after the hearing adjourned, William H. Neukom, Microsoft's chief counsel, said: ''We had sought to have our day in court on remedies, but the judge has decided not to do that.
With steady improvements, analysts say, Microsoft will move into this universe.
Capitalizing on the record-breaking release of ''Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone,'' Warner Brothers has sold the basic cable and broadcast television rights for the film, and the next in the Harry Potter series, to the Walt Disney Company in a deal worth at least $130 million, the companies said last night.
Kay Dangaard, his spokeswoman: ''About 18 months ago, somebody said we were Amazon.toast because Barnes & Noble was coming on line.
Because of an editing error, an article in Business Day yesterday about AT&T's plan to discontinue a venture that linked users of Lotus Notes software over telephone lines omitted the given name and affiliation of an executive who  spoke about the appeal of such private networks.
Holiday slowdowns and crashes at Kmart.com, Amazon.com and others highlight the Web's persistent growing pains.
In explaining the latest setback in 1999 results, the company said that production and shipment of 19 aircraft were delayed and that it made accounting adjustments to the results of Raytheon Aircraft.
The computer will have a processor, chip set and software designed by Intel and will be produced by Indian hardware makers.
Micron did not disclose the price it would pay for Dominion Semiconductor, Toshiba's American memory-chip subsidiary, based in Manassas, Va.
It's hard for Microsoft to have it both ways.''
Morgan Stanley's gains were even stronger, as its earnings jumped 104 percent from the 2003 quarter, also to $1.2 billion.
The occasion was a high-profile announcement by Microsoft of its entry into the businesses of downloading and streaming -- or listening in real time -- music from the Internet with its Windows Media Technologies 4.0.
Oracle also left open the possibility that it would increase its $6.3 billion bid for PeopleSoft.
Amgen has the most to lose from any setback because it relies more heavily on the Epo drugs, which account for nearly half its revenue.
He headed Campbell's bakery and confectionery division, which includes Pepperidge Farm cookies and Godiva chocolates.
''If this level of growth and prosperity continues,'' said Robert Kurtter, senior vice president of Moody's for state ratings, ''it is possible for the state to grow its way out of the long-term budget gaps, but that's not a prudent thing to plan on.''
Jesse Green, I.B.M.
Investors have become so enamored by the potential of this system that Priceline, which went public last year, has a market value of some $9.9 billion, more than any airline.
Lagging perhaps two years behind the United States, Japan and Western Europe in its development, the Spanish- and Portuguese-speaking Internet market is one of the fastest-growing in the world and has emerged as the latest battleground for viewers among such Internet titans as America Online and Yahoo.
Yahoo, Google's rival, got wind of the announcement and within hours, its publicity machine had bolted into action to say it had a similar service in the works.
Motorola noted that the projections for the fourth quarter did not take into account one-time charges, which are expected to be substantial for both the current quarter and the first quarter of next year.
At that time, Comcast made an unsolicited offer to AT&T after being refused a chance to negotiate.
Indeed, Microsoft must shoulder a lot of the responsibility for the security woes suffered by its customers, analysts say.
NBC and TNT have been paying an average of $200 million annually for Nextel Cup and Busch races but have lost tens of millions of dollars.
In the other case, Boeing was found to have improperly recruited an Air Force contracting official, Darleen A. Druyun, while she was still at the Pentagon, where she was overseeing billions of dollars in Boeing business.
But 16 deals for larger blocks were also done; the biggest among them was Home Depot's lease for 108,000 square feet at 28-40 West 23rd Street.
For starters, the identical five-pack of blank DVD's costs $50 from Apple or $100 from Compaq.
Apple has been hampered recently by limited availability of the Motorola processor for its high-end G3 machines and by the Taiwan earthquake, which slowed shipments of its new iBook notebook computer.
Motorola consumes 25 percent of the semiconductors it makes and a vast majority of them go into its wireless products.
ABC, the second-largest news organization in the world (the BBC is first), has 2,500 radio news affiliates.
Motorola lost $1.24 billion on sales of $7.32 billion in last quarter of 2001 (S)
If Professor Barrett finds that Microsoft is not complying with the ruling, the company faces fines of as much as 5 percent of its global sales every day until it does comply.
-- The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation begins two days of hearings today on Wal-Mart's application to start its own bank.
Technology Briefing
Last year was certainly a better one for Mr. Weill than 2002, when Citigroup agreed to pay a $400 million fine as part of an industrywide settlement to end regulatory investigations into conflicts of interest among stock analysts.
Microsoft wrote that it had told at least some customers why it was asking them questions and what it would do with their answers, and had no reason not to inform them all.
Citigroup also announced last week that the Securities and Exchange Commission was investigating possible accounting irregularities related to its banking business in Argentina from 2001 to 2003.
The transaction, for cash and stock, is the industry's largest in three years, and it gives ChevronTexaco many undeveloped reserves in Azerbaijan, Indonesia and the Gulf of Mexico at a time when oil companies are having trouble finding new prospects.
The Microsoft Corporation is moving to reorganize itself into divisions focused on different customer groups rather than on products, analysts and people close to the company said yesterday.
The Ford Motor Company reported fourth-quarter earnings today that were stronger than expected, as the giant auto maker also pressed ahead in its efforts to buy the car business of Sweden's Volvo.
The New Economy column in Business Day yesterday about the competing visions of I.B.M.
Craig Barrett, Intel's president and chief operating officer, described them as ''immaterial'' to the company, which earned more than $5 billion last year.
Argus Research chief economist Richard Yamarone is one of few economists that is resisting increasing optimism on jobs; Yamarone is sticking with his prediction of slim gain of 95,000 jobs for April as investors await Labor Department's release of month's figures on May 7; says it does not feel like economy created another 100,000 or 200,000 or 300,000 new payroll jobs in April; Citigroup economist Brian Jones expects April data of 250,000 new jobs; graphs; photos (M)
But Nike has cut back on athlete-focused advertising recently, Mr. Horan said.
In the Bronx, where about 2,500 telephone lines were put out of service yesterday because of a cut line, Verizon said repairs could be delayed because of the walkout.
For all of the Federal Trade Commission's charges that Intel had ''sought to extort'' technology from its customers ''in order to preserve its monopoly,'' none are more revealing of the strengths and weaknesses of the Government's case than the accusations by Intergraph.
Mr. Lipp said that after the deal was completed later this year Citigroup would have $85 billion to $90 billion in outstanding credit on its cards.
Wall Street analysts are suspicious of Prime, since cheaper shipping threatens to diminish Amazon's profit margins, which have rebounded over the last year after slumping for years.
Federal jury finds that Wal-Mart Stores discriminated against disabled Long Island man Patrick Brady who briefly held job at company's Centereach, NY, store and orders company to pay him $7.5 million in damages; Brady, who has cerebral palsy, applied for job in Wal-Mart pharmacy department in summer of 2002 and was hired; he quit not long after he was reassigned to other responsibilities, including collecting garbage and shopping carts from parking lot (M)
Federal and state investigators have focused on Microsoft's strong reaction to work being done by Intel's software engineers -- a sentiment expressed in no uncertain terms during a meeting at Intel's Santa Clara, Calif., headquarters on Aug. 2, 1995.
''The government has simply missed the important competitive forces in this industry that are driving this tender offer, obsessing over one tree in a richly dynamic forest,'' Oracle's court briefs say.
Neelie Kroes, the commissioner in charge of competition and Europe's top antitrust official, warned that Microsoft could violate European antitrust laws if it bundled certain features with its Vista, her spokesman, Jonathan Todd, said Wednesday.
''Microsoft is not free to integrate anything it wants into Windows, but free to offer justification,'' said Andrew I. Gavil, a law professor at Howard University.
Indeed, the trade publication Adweek reported that Mr. Wieden had told colleagues that Microsoft represented the agency's future.
Comcast's failed bid mostly highlighted corporate governance issues at Disney, but it has also called attention to Comcast's own structure, where Mr. Roberts's ownership of 9.4 million Class B supervoting shares gives him 33 percent of the vote.
''Intel's actions were nothing more than a response to the assertion of infringement claims against it,'' the company said in its trial brief in the F.T.C.
In what is unlikely to be a coincidence, John D. Sanford, Waste Management's chief financial officer, also resigned on Wednesday.
The suit, which was filed in federal court in Seattle, charges that Microsoft improperly used Veritas technology in Vista and other software.
Monitoring of Compliance  To determine or secure compliance with this Decree, duly authorized representatives of the plaintiffs shall, upon written request of the Assistant Attorney General in charge of the Antitrust Division of the U.S. Department of Justice, on reasonable notice given to Microsoft at its principal office, subject to any lawful privilege, be permitted:
After emergency surgery, he quickly returned to work at both Apple Computer and at Pixar Animation Studios, where he is also chairman and chief executive.
Last year, Airbus scored a big victory against Boeing when it landed an order for 120 A319's from easyJet, the profitable low-cost airline based near London.
In an escalation of the soda wars, the Coca-Cola Company plans to challenge Mountain Dew, a 50-year-old icon of successful consumer marketing that has been a major money maker for Pepsico Inc., people with knowledge of Coca-Cola's plans said this weekend.
Experts at National Transportation Safety Board hearing into crash of TWA Flight 800 note dozens of Boeing 747's are flying far longer than Boeing expected, with only limited attention to aging of their components; say more intensive inspection could damage wiring, increasing risk; Boeing aide says planes have no specific life limit, if maintained properly; diagrams (M)
Xerox expects one of Gyricon's first applications to be in helping create changeable signs for retail stores.
Consolidated Edison asks New York regulators to let it withhold $36.4 millions in consumer rebates to pay for World Trade Center damages, in case promised federal aid proves to be inadequate (M)
The moves are also meant to shake the perception that CBS is mired in its old-media legacy while Viacom's MTV Networks division, which has several mobile ventures around the world, is ahead of the curve.
Stephen M. Ward Jr., currently senior vice president and general manager for I.B.M.
However, Time Warner is only one company Mr. Icahn is agitating to change now, including KT&G of South Korea.
The two companies -- known as the ''Wintel duopoly'' because of their domination of the personal computer industry with Microsoft's Windows operating system and Intel's microprocessors -- have been accused of maintaining monopolies in their respective industries by stifling competition and bullying computer makers, who are their biggest customers.
Apple lowered its projection of sales for the current quarter, the first of fiscal 2001, to about $1.6 billion, which is expected to drag down results for the full year.
''It's a change to have a campaign that lives outside TV,'' said Katie Lacey, vice president for carbonated beverages at Pepsi-Cola's North American division in Purchase, N.Y., part of PepsiCo.
Regulators have been examining finite reinsurance as part of a larger investigation of American International Group.
But KPMG ignored these warnings and failed to ask for evidence from Xerox to support its accounting practices.
People who pay $60 to use Intuit's Quicken Deluxe 2000 financial software, for example, will find that if they go online to download stock quotes, the portfolio update page will contain a 1-by-4-inch banner advertisement for companies like AT&T and Charles Schwab.
Microsoft Corp to challenge Palm Inc's hand-held computer dominance with new version of its Pocket PC software, which can play music in popular MP3 audio format, display electronic books in first major introduction of company's Cleartype software and play video clips; Pocket PC machines have color screens and will sell for about $500; comparable Palm machine is Palm III C, which sells for $450 (M)
The debate over the industry's handling of the issue heated up this week when Steven P. Jobs, chief executive of Apple, which leads the market with its iPod and iTunes service, suggested that the music companies offer their music without anti-copying software.
''But with Yahoo, we can get a broader, national footprint,'' Mr. Vail said.
and help lead its battle against Intel, its giant rival in the chip business?
In just the last two weeks, yields on one Ford Motor Credit issue have risen 1.25 percentage points, from 8 percent to 9.25 percent.
Gus Whitcomb, a Wal-Mart spokesman, said last night that the company began offering warranties last year, but sold them only on the Internet.
Jesse Toprak, director of pricing analysis at Edmunds.com, a car research Web site, said that both General Motors and Ford now had very high ''days to turn'' averages.
For more than two decades, I.B.M.
How It Works column calls Apple's Mac Mini, introduced in January, return to past in its design; Mini uses less costly memory chips intended for desktop computers; is based on idea that if buyers want to add features or devices they will plug them into Mini's FireWire or USB jacks rather than install them within computer itself; illustrations (M)
With extensive cable TV holdings spanning 33 states, Time Warner is ideally positioned to provide the faster Internet connections that consumers now demand.
Amazon.com representative: ''At the last minute, I would give it 24 hours to be on the safe side.''
Many companies have stubbornly and successfully stuck with their conglomerate structures; most diversified companies, following General Electric Co model, stress only businesses where they can be top players, selling off other units; try to keep balance sheets clean, avoid purchases that dilute earnings and buy back stock with excess cash when they lack attractive acquisition targets; tables; photos (L)
Other sites are experimenting with multimedia, albeit a bit more conservatively than Nike, as they monitor the number of broadband users in this country.
Eddy Cue, Apple vice president for applications and Internet services, said that the company still planned to offer its iTunes Music Store in Europe some time this year, but he declined to give a specific date.
Executives involved in talks reconstruct behind-the-scenes maneuvers that led to sale of MBNA to Bank of America Corp; it follows failed efforts by MBNA to be acquired by Wachovia, and crash of helicopter containing MBNA chief Bruce L Hammonds and others (M)
Orders for Boeing's new 787 Dreamliner are lifting the company's prospects.
''Microsoft saw that a lot of companies were going to move to Java if they didn't improve their programming systems,'' Mr. de Icaza said.
Some analysts say that rather than pay tens of billions of dollars to Vodafone, Verizon should use its money to build the technology needed to connect its landline and broadband businesses with its wireless business.
The management changes will give the executives in charge of Citigroup's asset management, consumer banking and corporate banking businesses the mandate to oversee those businesses worldwide, including the emerging markets.
The manufacturers' ultimate goal is to fulfill the vision of the home computer as a powerful, easy-to-use machine that is always at hand and at the ready -- nothing less than what William H. Gates, the chairman of Microsoft, calls the ''ultimate evolution of the laptop.''
But several Wall Street analysts said yesterday that Johnson & Johnson executives might be gambling that Guidant will accept a lower price rather than risk a sharp drop in its stock price if Johnson & Johnson walks away.
After delays and bureaucratic hurdles, including some presented by the European Union, Coca-Cola announced a trimmed-back, $1.1 billion plan in which it would buy Cadbury Schweppes brands almost everywhere except in the countries included in the union.
Humana may have been squeezed harder than most H.M.O.
To encourage participation in ProStores, eBay is offering a limited-time 30 percent discount on the monthly service fee, among other incentives, to current eBay sellers who sign up.
At least four hotel owners have sued Marriott or Avendra, contending financial mismanagement.
So for now, Microsoft's best option may be to remain on the sidelines rather than making an enemy of either business partner.
''With this acquisition, Xerox can finally compete for the high-end billing market,'' said Barbara Pellow, a director at CAP Ventures, a research firm in Norwell, Mass.
The case bears similarities to federal investigations in Boston involving Pfizer.
It indicates that Apple is increasingly confident in its ability to compete against Microsoft's desktop computing monopoly.
Others would find happiness with Apple's superb music, photo and movie-making programs -- but have jobs that rely on Microsoft Access, Outlook or some other piece of Windows corporate-ware.
Kmart filed for bankruptcy after a series of missteps, including the initiation of a price war with Wal-Mart.
Mr. Logan said AOL had been in too much disarray to do such a deal with Time Warner Cable earlier.
Mr. Roscitt said the rivalry between AT&T and E.D.S.
At a hearing on the lawsuit yesterday in San Francisco, Judge Vaughn R. Walker rejected an AT&T request to force the plaintiffs to return the documents.
Microsoft's operating profits were actually 2 cents short of analysts' expectations, the first time Microsoft has disappointed Wall Street since March 1989.
''Whether this is enough to make the board move to act, I don't know,'' said Joe Kennison, a money manager with American Express Financial Advisers, which sold nearly half of its 8.3 million Mattel shares in December.
Each of the two successor companies proposed by the government would certainly have ample resources to continue to acquire new technology, as they would split Microsoft's $21 billion nest egg of cash.
''We believe confirmation of reporting financials is a positive step in improving visibility,'' Credit Suisse First Boston said in a report that maintained its rating of outperform on Interpublic stock.
The move is an attempt to comply with a ruling by the European Commission in March 2004 that Microsoft had violated antitrust laws.
At the same time, Xerox also consolidated many back-office operations last year, causing backlogs in accounts receivables and billing problems.
The company's consulting practice, I.B.M.
For all the risks associated with Merck's arthritis and pain drug Vioxx, the company has always pointed to one virtue: Vioxx was less likely to cause ulcers or stomach bleeding than cheaper over-the-counter medications like Advil or Aleve.
Last week, Verizon agreed to drop its fight in bankruptcy court to liquidate MCI in exchange for a $60 million settlement of its claims.
Citigroup Reviewing Citibank Account
''With the brand power Motorola has, it should be able to reap higher benefits,'' said William Choi, an analyst with Kaufman Brothers, an investment bank.
This new direction for WebTV is consistent with Microsoft's larger strategy of trying to make the Internet more closely associated with television to provide a larger market for Microsoft's products.
There is also widespread speculation in the industry that Microsoft intends to integrate its PC search functions with a Web search engine to combat Google.
Mr. Koogle became Yahoo's chief executive in 1995 as it was being transformed from a hobby of Mr. Yang and Mr. Filo into a business.
That year, Mr. Willumstad joined Commercial Credit, a finance company Mr. Weill then ran and a predecessor to Citigroup.
Customers who want access to Microsoft desktop e-mail, documents and calendar information may prefer Microsoft's wireless technology.
Mr. Whitman said McDonald's would continue to use the ''Made For You'' cooking system, but would probably try to improve it.
Eircom, Ireland's former state phone monopoly, accepts $2.47 billion takeover bid from Valentia, investor group led by Sir Anthony O'Reilly and backed by financier George Soros and Goldman Sachs; photo (M)
Microsoft, in contrast, is a single company with different products but less clear internal divisions.
''Microsoft will bring an army of information technology people into this game,'' said Paul Mercer, a software designer at Iventor, a firm in Palo Alto, Calif., that develops mobile software applications.
Carl Shapiro, an economics consultant to Intel from the University of California at Berkeley, acknowledges that there may be areas of rivalry -- Digital, for example, produces a microprocessor that competes with Intel's Pentium chips in a very limited market -- but argues that the behavior under challenge by the commission is overwhelmingly limited to the relationship between the chip maker and its customers.
About $1 billion of that was invested in the z900, which is built around a new 64-bit processor and is capable, I.B.M.
She does not work on the Wells Fargo captive, and she said she based her estimate on comparable ones for corporate clients of a similar size.
McCann named Matthew Ross to serve in the new posts of global chief executive for Microsoft brands and president at the McCann San Francisco office.
The General Motors Corporation plans to combine its domestic and international automotive operations in a shakeup to be announced on Tuesday morning, Wall Street analysts and other people close to the plan said this evening.
Microsoft shall, when it releases a major Windows Operating System such as Windows 95 or Windows 98, continue for three years to make the predecessor Windows Operating System available for licensing at a royalty no higher than the existing royalty to any OEM that desires such a license.
Amazon makes money with books in the United States and with its international operations, but it loses money on its hard goods in the United States.
From the moment the production problems were first disclosed last fall, Boeing managers were upbeat about their ability to rebound only to surprise Wall Street with more bad news.
software, known as middleware, is intended to allow developers to create a wide range of Intel-based products for mobile appliances that can easily interact with each other directly or over the Internet.
U.S. Assails Microsoft and Seeks New Oversight Role
According to Dave Karraker, a Kmart spokesman, the company will frequently sell unsold merchandise from its stores to Web site customers, on Bluelight.com, before trying to sell them through eBay.
Thus, Yahoo users cannot send instant messages to AOL users.
The Telecommunications Act of 1996, which required Verizon and other big local phone companies like SBC Communications of San Antonio and BellSouth of Atlanta to allow access to their networks, fell short of achieving this when competitors found it expensive to lease space on these systems.
Symantec, a computer security company best known for antivirus products, announced yesterday that it would acquire three security companies to beef up its business offerings.
Indeed, there are already warning signs that assurances from Mr. Condit earlier this month that Boeing's production difficulties were finally under control may have been premature.
Pfizer remains one of the world's largest and most profitable companies.
Over the years, many viewer campaigns to save shows have been organized online (such campaigns even have their own Yahoo category).
Microsoft is also quick to note that many workers prefer temping to permanent employment because it gives them greater freedom to travel or work on the side and because they can earn lots of overtime pay -- unlike regular Microsoft workers, who are considered salaried professionals.
The first investigation of Intel ended in 1993, after two years, without any charges of using unfair business methods to undermine competition.
Article describes 3G (third generation), wireless service available from Verizon and other cellular carriers, which provides high-speed Internet access, and BroadbandConnect service from Cingular, which provides coverage in 16 metropolitan areas; photos (M)
More information is available at www.microsoft  .com/mac.
At the same time, Boeing rang up record orders by offering airlines sharp discounts just as it was overhauling its system of tracking and supplying parts.
The proposals, which would also apply to Johnson & Johnson's anemia drug, Procrit, follow recent reports suggesting that the drugs, widely used to treat anemia in cancer patients, could actually be making the tumors worse or hastening deaths.
The board of the Ford Motor Company is meeting this week to consider the latest plan from top executives to turn the struggling automaker around.
''We hope to fundamentally change Wal-Mart since Wal-Mart is the industry leader.
Analysts said the Dow would probably have been flat to slightly higher without Merck's announcement.
The catalyst for the scandal came two years ago when Senator McCain began to look into the fine print of an unusual financing arrangement in which the Air Force agreed to lease Boeing 767 aerial refueling tankers.
The company will be owned equally by Kodak and Hewlett-Packard and is expected to generate $500 million to $1 billion in sales by 2005.
Halliburton and Dresser rank among the four-largest companies in the oilfield services industry; the two others are Schlumberger Ltd. and Baker Hughes Inc.
Apple Faces A Showdown With I.B.M.
''These are very aggressive types of predictions, and they seem quite confident,'' Mr. Vogel said of the News Corporation executives.
Its best feature may be the presence of FedEx, because, Sir Christopher said, ''it helps us get our medical device products out quickly to our customers around the world.''
The news was the latest headache for the company, which was spun off from another bottler, Coca-Cola Amatil, in 1997.
Man in the News profile of George Richard Wagoner Jr, who has been named president and chief operating officer of General Motors Corp; photo (M)
Aimee, in her Yahoo profile, lists her own interests as watching movies, listening to music, meeting new people online, and ''SEX, SEX SEX, AND MORE SEX.''
General Motors had more than 1.35 million vehicles sitting on dealer lots at the end of June.
While its chief executive, Daniel A. Carp, has spent his entire career at Kodak, nearly all its other high-ranking officers have been hired in the last year from competitors like Lexmark and Hewlett-Packard.
AT&T also attributed the decline to a reluctance of phone companies to award contracts to the company because they saw it as a future competitor in local phone services.
Discovering a new look and quickly incorporating it into a clothing line, even late into the season, ''is part of the reason for having a presence in New York,'' said Doug Howe, senior vice president for apparel at Wal-Mart's New York office.
Apple Warns It Will Record Quarterly Loss
Dr. Levinson said he did not see his company as Avis to Amgen's Hertz.
''If you assume the legal claim is worth zero, then Vornado got an unbelievable price for the real estate,'' said James S. Corl, the chief investment officer for real estate at Cohen & Steers, an owner of Vornado shares.
Oracle, the world's second-largest software company after Microsoft, made the takeover bid for PeopleSoft in June.
Merck Intends to Spin Off Unit That Manages Drug Plans
The complaint says that Morgan Stanley responded promptly to her charge and handled it properly.
But Intel's industry dominance has attracted the scrutiny of the Federal Trade Commission, which is expected to file an antitrust suit against the company within the next week.
Both know Huggins, a longtime Nike endorser, from his former coaching days at the University of Cincinnati.
What worries Mr. Friedman and the bondholders he represents is that Citigroup and Bank of America could rush the sale of Adelphia assets.
Compaq, which faces many of the same problems as I.B.M., alienated dealers by announcing it would start selling directly last year.
Effective June 2, Mr. Goldstein, 56, will become global chief marketing officer at Lowe & Partners Worldwide as well as at the Partnership division of Interpublic, which includes Lowe and agencies like Draft and Mullen.
Fiat of Italy and the American auto giants General Motors and Ford Motor have all since followed suit, although Volkswagen still holds the biggest share of the flex-fuel market, with 36.5 percent of total sales.
Ms. Williams said the plan was factored into Wal-Mart's profit forecast for 2006, which the company announced this week.
is so busy working on the appeal that it hasn't had time to submit a fresh complaint against Microsoft,'' Mr. Vinje said.
Honeywell Inc., the Minneapolis maker of electronic controls, said yesterday that it would acquire the Measurex Corporation, a Cupertino, Calif., maker of controls for the paper industry, for $600 million in cash.
The Ford Motor Company reported a $1.17 billion second-quarter profit on Tuesday, nearly tripling its earnings from the period a year earlier.
One challenge Mr. Reddy faced was in persuading Microsoft to offer a version of its Windows software for the project for far less than its commercial price.
I.B.M.
Risto Puhakka, an executive at VLSI Research, which does market studies for the microchip industry, said the new debugging tools by I.B.M.
The campaign is based on an oddball thought, that the executives at Coca-Cola who sell the flagship Coke Classic brand want to hire lawyers to sue their co-workers who sell Coke Zero.
Microsoft is also developing more services, including some for small businesses, and a new music download offering meant to compete with Apple's iTunes.
The new suit maintains the claim in the first suit that Wal-Mart and its contractors violated state antidiscrimination laws by treating the janitors worse because of their origins.
Many of these companies, which include AT&T and Covad Communications, have already complained that Verizon has sought to restrict their access to work sites.
A few months later, I was introduced to John Sculley, then the chairman of Apple.
AT&T said last week that Mr. Malone would leave its board after the company spins off Liberty Media, the entertainment company of which Mr. Malone is chairman and which AT&T had acquired along with Tele-Communications Inc.
Adidas executives stress that their headquarters are open to pedestrians, while the Nike campus is behind an earthen berm embossed with the corporate logo.
Bank of America names four advertising agency finalists to compete for its combined corporate image and retail accounts, which has been handled by Ketchum Advertising and Evans Group; Ketchum is among finalists (S)
The bedroom console had a wood veneer with a honey-maple finish -- ''not paper,'' said the Wal-Mart representative, showing off the new model.
The European Commission says Microsoft has not complied with its antitrust ruling, and is threatening to fine the company as much as 2 million euros ($2.4 million) a day.
Since they hired Mr. Bach last February, she added, it was ''somewhat disingenuous'' for the states to say they thought of calling him as a witness only after they heard the evidence presented by Microsoft.
I.B.M.
During the first quarter, Yahoo accounted for 27.9 percent of all searches in the United States and Google for 48 percent, according to comScore Networks.
Comcast will still end up the No.
''We're sort of in the Hegelian synthesis of figuring out where the products go once they've encountered the reality of the marketplace,'' said Charles Fitzgerald, Microsoft's general manager for platform strategy.
''They seem to have put this thing together in a way that enables both parties to do more,'' said James Hanbury, an analyst at Schroder & Company, commenting on Morgan Stanley's ability to push more of its products through Dean Witter's salesmen.
Gemstar-TV Guide International chief executive Henry C Yuen and chief financial officer Elsie M Leung will resign; decision represents victory for Rupert Murdoch's News Corp, which is Gemstar's biggest shareholder, with stake of about 43 percent; News Corp has been trying to oust Yuen and Leung; Gemstar will pay Yuen about $22 million and Leung about $7 million to essentially terminate their employment contracts; two executives will exchange total of roughly 20 million stock options for about 8 million restricted shares and about 9 million new options; Yuen will remain company's nonexecutive chairman; Leung will remain director through at least next year; Yuen is to be succeeded as chief executive by by Jeff Shell, former News Corp executive; Leung will be succeeded on interim basis as chief financial officer by Paul Haggerty, currently News Corp's executive vice president; Yuen has agreed to give company all of many interactive television patents he holds personally, and to give Gemstar right to acquire all television-related inventions he may develop over next seven years (M)
''We saw a lot of on-line retailers who were not putting the right emphasis on product presentation,'' said Mary Kate Buckley, the Nike vice president who looks after its Internet strategy.
From the first page of its filing, Microsoft points to the America Online-Netscape deal, which includes a side alliance with Sun Microsystems Inc., as proof of what Microsoft argued at the trial: that the company lives in a fast-changing industry, that its seemingly powerful market position is constantly under threat and that the suit itself was the result of its competitors' winning over the Justice Department to their side.
Adobe is testing a version of its Acrobat PDF reader for hand-held computers running Palm Computing's operating system.
And last month the Russian giant Lukoil bought a 5 percent stake from Chevron for about $200 million.
Sales at Gap and Other Specialty Stores Fell in July
In the past, Intel has been able to move customers to each succeeding generation of its microprocessors with the promise of greater performance, and that performance was often a necessity to run the latest versions of the Microsoft Corporation's software.
Latin America accounted for 3 percent of Fleet's earnings last year; the region accounted for about 12 percent of Citigroup's profits in the third quarter, stock analysts said.
Boeing, the world's largest aerospace company and the nation's single largest exporter, said its third-quarter profit grew 37 percent as its formerly ailing passenger jet business improved its efficiency.
Whole Foods supermarket chain will open its first store in New York City at Seventh Avenue and 24th Street (S)
But in contrast to its splashy debut of interactive television in Orlando, Fla., in 1994 -- which embarrassed Time Warner executives when the technology failed to catch on -- the company this time is  playing down any suggestions that the Internet will transform its business.
In July, they formed a joint purchasing company that they hope will match Wal-Mart's power over suppliers and help develop products.
Apple is scheduled to report results for the quarter ended in June next Wednesday.
But figuring out what to do about it is proving to be a daunting task for Europe, as it was for the United States after Microsoft lost its antitrust trial there.
But most of the $5 billion agreement will go toward ''the real meat and potatoes of the network, like expanding coverage,'' a spokesman for Verizon Wireless, Jeffrey Nelson, said.
For the executives at Monsanto, these troubling experiences reinforced their commitment to the strategy of inclusion and persuasion.
The deal follows one in July in which Activision licensed the rights to make six video games based on Walt Disney Company movies, including the forthcoming ''Bug's Life,'' ''Tarzan'' and ''Toy Story 2.''
The other investor mentioned was Northern Trust.
Mr. Jobs had shown many of the features, such as a new backup system called Time Machine and a new more powerful version of the Apple instant messaging system called iChat.
Oracle also faces a shareholder suit in federal court in San Francisco.
''This is Apple's most important conference in 10 years.''
But the analysts are largely pleased with Motorola's progress.
Bank of America has successfully capitalized on consumers' hunt for a safe haven from the stock market.
AT&T, formerly known as SBC Communications, earned $1.66 billion, or 46 cents a share, in the quarter.
Marriott International plans to open $2.5 million, 120-place, 24-hour childcare facility for its employees in Washington, DC; similar effort in Atlanta delivered disappointing results and an underused facility; hotel chain will utilize knowledge gained in Atlanta--that day care must be affordable to attract clients--to guide its Washington effort toward greater success; photo (M)
But in an interview late last week, he allowed himself to gloat a little about CBS's current status.
Apple Introduces a Smaller, Less Expensive IPod
''Craig Barrett announced that a design team was being set up to engage in high-end, 32-bit Intel architecture microprocessor design and development at its India development center in Bangalore,'' the company said.
Analysis: Defense Department's decision to drop McDonnell Douglas Corp from field of competitors to build new multipurpose combat aircraft, while keeping Boeing Co in running, seen dramatic sign of effort to broaden industrial base that supports military; Defense Sec William Perry has been pushing Pentagon to do more business with companies that have diverse customer base; military, long source of technological innovation, is now seeking timely access to rapidly evolving commercial technology (M)
Steven Bochco, co-creator of TV series NYPD Blue, says that ABC has told him show will be moved from its Tuesday night time slot after six years; angry Bochco says network is considering replacing show with series Once and Again; Bochco says he is convinced that one reason that his show is being shifted is that Walt Disney Co, which produces Once and Again and owns ABC, is protecting its investment; NYPD Blue is produced by Steven Bochco Productions and distributed by 20th Century Fox television, division of News Corp (M)
More important to many analysts, Intel's revenue for the quarter, of $6.32 billion, was slightly less than the $6.33 billion reported a year ago, as well as 7 percent lower than in the first quarter.
THE MARKETS: Market Place; Nothing Toylike in Mattel Chief's Compensation
The same uncertainty applies for investors in Applied Materials, the world's largest manufacturer of computer-chip-making equipment.
Apple's co-founder and chief executive, Steven P. Jobs, said the company selected the people in the ads from more than 10,000 e-mail messages it had received as unsolicited testimonials.
* David Salomon, executive vice president for marketing at Millsport, Stamford, Conn., part of the Omnicom Group, was promoted to president, succeeding Bob Basche, who was promoted to the new titles of vice chairman and managing partner.
''Wal-Mart has since taken steps to ensure all associates receive their meal periods, including adopting new technology that sends alerts to cashiers when it is time for their meal breaks,'' the statement read.
Kevin J. Timms, the Ford Motor Company's 37-year-old computer security manager, arrived at work here in his metallic blue Mercury Cougar at 6:45 on Thursday morning, a not-uncommon hour for managers at Midwest manufacturers.
''Our patience is limited,'' Mr. Todd said last week, when the commission expressed ''strong doubts'' about Microsoft's readiness to comply with an order to reveal more details about its Windows operating system so competitors can make complementary programs .
Of course, Greenhill & Company, which was founded in 1996, is a minnow in size compared with Morgan Stanley, where Mr. Greenhill was once the president.
Citigroup was harder hit, disappointing investors with second-quarter earnings that were below Wall Street's expectations.
involvement with Aon doesn't seem terribly troubling because there was no particular issue that would suggest fraud,'' Jay Cohen, an analyst at Merrill Lynch, said.
And last night, Xerox announced that it was buying SET Electronique, a French company that makes continuous-feed printers that can whip out 500 pages a minute.
Delta Air Lines Inc. and the AT&T Corporation will announce today that they have formed a joint venture to sell information-management services, according to people familiar with the companies' plans.
The rise of Internet-based computing poses a continuing challenge, which has been called the post PC era, to Microsoft.
Cisco can also continue to use the name, and with the promise of interoperability, it might have some of the hype and magic surrounding Apple's products rub off on its own less prominent offerings.
The new worm appeared to properly download the patch for both Windows 2000 and Windows XP from Microsoft's Web site.
When it reports results on April 24, Amazon said, it expects to show a net loss of less than $255 million on revenue of more than $695 million.
General Motors said on Sunday that it would pay Fiat $2 billion so that it would not be forced to take over Fiat's ailing auto business, resolving a dispute between the two that had threatened to become a court battle.
And now that AT&T is using the phrase in some print ads, he wants the company to stop.
In AT&T's new Houston store, an entertainment area features demonstrations of high-definition programming and the company's video-on-demand catalog.
Once Bluetooth gains widespread acceptance, said John Patrick, vice president for Internet technology at I.B.M., ''you won't buy a product without it.''
Now that Merck has removed its arthritis painkiller Vioxx from the market after tests found that it increased the risk of heart attacks and strokes, its rival Pfizer is taking a surprising stance.
The rather mystifying name Bluetooth for this blend of hardware and software was the inspiration of a group of engineers from Intel and Ericsson who are admirers of King Harald Bluetooth, who ruled Denmark from 940 to 985 and is known for unifying the country.
According to the executives, United Technologies has offered about 0.74 of a share, or $50.32, for each of the about 801 million outstanding shares of Honeywell, making the total purchase price $40.3 billion.
The Department of Justice's antitrust division today advised Microsoft that it will not seek a breakup of the company in remand proceedings before the U.S. District Court.
The union's main pitch to Wal-Mart workers was a promise of improved wages and benefits.
Union Pacific became the nation's largest railroad last year upon its merger with the Southern Pacific Railroad.
Microsoft, of course, also has a reputation of continuing to invest in a business or technology until it becomes a force in the market, frequently long after other companies would have backed away from a money-losing effort.
Mr. Rather, 74, was referring to his contention, as expressed in several interviews in recent days, that he had been given far too little to do as a reporter on ''60 Minutes'' since stepping down as anchor and managing editor of the ''CBS Evening News'' last year in the aftermath of a reporting scandal.
In the past, various agencies created direct-response advertising for VeriSign.
''I.B.M.
That pay package rivals the one that the MBNA Corporation, a credit card company that is considerably smaller and less profitable than Citigroup, gave its chief executive, Charles M. Cawley, in 2003.
It introduced Xbox 360 last November, and after some initial supply constraints, 5 million to 5.5 million consoles will have been sold by the end of next month, said Peter Moore, a Microsoft vice president for interactive entertainment.
As part of the deal to persuade the union to withdraw the suit, AT&T agreed to work with it to try to increase opportunities for union members across the four companies.
The subsidiary, Griffin Bacal, is being reduced in size after losing its large Hasbro toy and game creative account.
A Founder Quits Firm To Work for Coca-Cola
Mazda, an affiliate of the Ford Motor Company, will pay IBM Japan 50 billion yen ($467 million) over the next decade to maintain its computer networks and some 10,000 personal computers.
Mr. Drury first approached Waste Management about merging immediately after Mr. Miller became the company's acting chairman and chief executive last Oct. 1, Mr. Miller said in a telephone interview today.
Intel Rebuffs the Skeptics of Its Itanium Chip
Its shares increased 74 cents, to $34.97, after Yahoo's results were released.
Analysts noted a bright spot in I.B.M.
''Merck must dissect the loss and retool its trial strategy for the next round,'' said Peter Bicks, a defense lawyer for Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe who is not involved in the litigation but has followed it closely.
THE Procter & Gamble Company said yesterday that it had dismissed Wells BDDP Inc., removing all its accounts, with billings estimated at $125 million, and delivering a damaging blow to an agency already in turmoil.
''Campbell will be able to redeploy the cost-savings into marketing, advertising and aggressive new sales activities,'' said Michael J. Branca, a securities analyst for Lehman Brothers, who upgraded Campbell yesterday to ''buy'' from ''neutral.''
Largely under the radar, Wal-Mart (based in Arkansas), Sears (in Illinois) and Kmart (in Michigan) have opened design studios in the city in the last several years that bear little resemblance, in décor and dress code, to their offices back home.
Frank J. Mitsch, an analyst with BB&T Capital Markets who has covered Dow Chemical for years, said: ''I've never seen anything like this in chemical land: Liveris making all these denials, while unbeknownst to him, two of his own heavy-hitters are holding talks.''
Bank of America faces other headwinds similar to its peers.
Interpublic's investment in Icon, the world's No.
A merger agreement between Staples and Office Depot was killed in July 1997 when the Federal Trade Commission rejected it on antitrust grounds.
At the time of that report, he said that he had not known of the investment fund's position on Merck and was not an investor in the fund.
The board also said the proposal was against the interests of the parts of Hynix that Micron had not agreed to take over; those units mainly make other kinds of chips.
The NikeLab site takes a highly unconventional approach to displaying goods.
The Ford Motor Company's new three-year labor contract with the United Automobile Workers union addresses two issues that have haunted organized labor for more than a decade: layoffs and moves by companies to rely more on outside suppliers.
Pfizer responded at the time by saying that ''Dr.
Jeff Cava, Nike's vice president for global human resources, conceded that the search had ''certainly taken longer than we had hoped.''
Wayne Charness, a Hasbro spokesman, said the difference was that Hasbro was emphasizing its old brands more, being more selective in choosing licenses and offering film companies smaller guarantees of toys sold than they have in the past.
The shift in market share comes as Oracle is making a marketing push to establish itself as a provider of stable, secure software for corporations.
The only domestic competition for Taxus has come from Cypher, a drug-coated stent made by the Cordis subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson.
Yesterday's restatements cover the years 2000 to 2004, but the bulk of the invalid advertising -- $378 million -- was booked in 2001, the same year the AOL-Time Warner merger was consummated and the dot-com bubble imploded.
''I don't think anything has peaked,'' said Terry Semel, Yahoo's chief executive, in a telephone interview yesterday.
Pfizer Inc will offer its drugs to low-income elderly people for flat fee of $15 a month for each prescription, fraction of average retail price of $65; says plan is intended to bridge gap in drug coverage until broader Medicare reform is adopted; estimates that seven million people qualify for its program, which will be available to individuals with gross incomes under $18,000 a year and couples with incomes below $24,000; several consumer groups support program, but say it is no substitute for Congressional action to add drug benefits to Medicare; Pfizer will issue cards to people in program, which will be honored by CVS Corp, which operates 4,100 drugstores in 33 states, and Wal-Mart Stores; photo (M)
Yahoo said yesterday that it would soon offer its users software they can use to comb through their e-mail messages and the files on their desktops.
By coincidence, Medtronic investors also got good news from the United States Supreme Court.
At first, the ''Late Show'' host let his guest get some rancor out of his system, listening with a deadpan expression as Mr. Stern raged about the head of CBS swanning around on Oscar night ''with his trophy wife while CBS Radio burns.''
While the Palo Alto center represents only 10 percent of Xerox's research budget, it has generated laser printers and other core technologies.
The News Corporation has offered Pointcast about $400 million, but executives of Pointcast, who have been weighing a public stock offering, are demanding far more, this person said.
That prompted some to ask whether Apple was running out of gas.
Jamie Estes, president of Print Solutions, a commercial printer in Birmingham, Ala., had for many years paid Xerox a monthly fee to supply, maintain and operate its Docutech machines.
By the time he realized what MBNA had done, he said, the bank had deactivated the McIntyres' Visa cards, leaving them with American Express cards that are not accepted at some places he shops near his home among the Adirondack Mountains.
McDonald's quickly became the country's biggest buyer of beef and frozen potatoes.
Even a Comcast executive conceded that the merger bid might have surprised or confused investors who bought Comcast stock as a ''pure cable play and got very excited about our future and wanted to see the cash flow.''
In addition to representing a direct challenge to eBay, which owns PayPal, the largest Internet payment system, the move signals Google's intention to become much more deeply involved in online commerce.
The agreement reached yesterday would allow workers at Verizon Wireless within the former Bell Atlantic territory to use an expedited organization process called a card check, in which workers are allowed to join a union if a majority of employees at a work site sign cards saying they want to join.
As Comcast's president, Brian Roberts, pointed out to analysts and reporters yesterday in back-to-back meetings, a $7,000 investment in Comcast when the company went public in 1972 would be worth $3.9 million today.
Beginning Oct. 15, Marriott International, will allow Hertz customers and passengers on United Airlines or British Airways to accrue points in the Marriott Rewards frequent guest program.
In mid-February, MCI's board agreed to sell the company to Verizon for $6.75 billion, despite an $8 billion bid Qwest had made a few days before.
''There was a situation where there was a vending machine in a school and the building was locked, and we couldn't get to it over the weekend,'' said Randy Donaldson, a Coca-Cola spokesman.
Amazon Loss Soared 543% In 4th Quarter
The results disclosed the continuing challenge facing I.B.M.
Verizon Wireless and Workers Reach Agreement on a Contract
In his ruling, United States District Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson wrote that Microsoft violated the Sherman Antitrust Act.
As part of a national strategy, about 9,000 Verizon customers in Keller, Tex., 30 miles west of Dallas, will be the first to subscribe to the television service, called FiOS TV.
Mr. de Vink said in an interview from his office yesterday that even after meeting with William C. Steere, Pfizer's chairman and chief executive, almost two weeks ago, Pfizer has stopped short of a real offer.
''If I charged one of my customers $50 for a no-show, I'd never see them again,'' said Raymond Buckler, the maitre d'hotel at Felidia, who said the restaurant looked into the American Express program but decided not to sign up.
U.S. and Microsoft Argue in Court Whether Judge Is Being Defied
US Supreme Court, 7-1, hands huge victory to start-up telephone companies by broadly affirming rules that permit them to lease equipment from largest phone companies at relatively low costs; pricing regulations are meant to let rivals viably compete with entrenched local phone companies by leasing access to their networks rather than having to build expensive duplicate systems; established telephone companies had argued that rules, which grew out of Telecommunications Act of 1996, forced them to give competitors access to their networks at unfairly low prices; decision has significant implications for competition in local phone markets; rate formula helps determine number of market issues, including which companies will enjoy greater profits, whether smaller local companies are able to survive and effectively compete, and extent to which larger companies are willing to make capital investments; Verizon, SBC Communications, BellSouth and Qwest had argued that standards permit leasing fees that are so low that neither they nor smaller challengers would have financial interest in investing to build and improve their networks; smaller rivals had argued that formulas proposed by incumbents would lead to higher fees that would eviscerate deregulatory goals of Telecommunications Act, driving them out of business and leaving local markets exclusively in hands of monopolists; court's opinion was written by Associate Justice David H Souter (M)
Schering said it had been informed by Merck officials over the weekend that they intended to make their formal offer today.
Sharon Gamsin, a spokeswoman for MasterCard, said gamely, ''Clearly, MasterCard is in favor of consumer choice, but I think that he will be disappointed because far fewer places accept American Express than MasterCard.''
AT&T's Gloom Shows the Sector Is Still Flagging
The two main unions of Verizon Communications announced today that more than 75,000 workers had voted overwhelmingly to authorize a strike if no contract is reached by Aug. 2.
For years, Exxon Mobil and Pertamina argued about how to split the proceeds from Cepu.
The commission wants to determine if some clauses that Microsoft insists on including are anticompetitive.
''We believe Boeing pushed this case not only because of the A350, but because they want to cut us out of the tanker deal,'' said Thomas Enders, a German appointed co-chief executive of Airbus's majority shareholder, the European Aeronautic Defense and Space Company, or EADS.
''We also have facilities where we lease long-distance capacity to companies like Verizon and we're not using this unfortunate occasion to pressure these firms.''
The mobile phone business contributed 40 percent of Verizon's total revenue in the fourth quarter, up from 35 percent in the period in 2003.
And with Citigroup's decision last week to begin yanking a large part of its business away from Visa and giving it to Mastercard International, the credit card industry's cold war is heating up.
Outbreak of sickness associated with Coca-Cola in Europe has raised questions about quality control and company's ability to respond quickly to crisis; when outbreak began, Coke took several days to make matter high priority; apology to consumers took more than a week after first public reports that people had fallen sick; it was not until June 18--10 days after first schoolboy in Belgium became dizzy and nauseated after drinking Coke--that top officials arrived in Belgium; and when Coke did begin to respond, it tried to minimize reports of illness; map; photos (M)
Sun has made Java a dominant force in the corporate server market, as well as in consumer products like cellular phones and hand-held personal digital assistants, but it says it has lagged behind in the PC market as a result of Microsoft's resistance to Java.
''By combining this radio station base with eBay's reach and scale among potential advertisers, we believe we have the opportunity to create a vibrant new marketplace that will benefit the radio industry and advertisers alike,'' Hani Durzy, an eBay spokesman, said in a statement.
In another sign of the opening of the Korean economy, the creditors of Hynix Semiconductor approved by a narrow margin today a memorandum of understanding under which Micron Technology would take over its memory-chip plants in return for $2.8 billion in Micron stock.
Johnson & Johnson has been slowly chipping away at Boston Scientific's lead, but most analysts say that Boston Scientific is ahead in developing next-generation designs.
For Mr. Langone, too, it was the role that Goldman Sachs played, and the possibility that he, along with other seat holders, might have lost out financially, that drove him to act.
She was teaching at a yoga studio in Los Angeles when she was discovered by Nike, which plastered her face across magazines and beamed her body over television.
Another need, she added, is for Mr. Bell to determine ''how to pull forward into the spotlight'' smaller, hotter Interpublic agencies like Campbell-Ewald, Deutsch and Hill, Holliday, Connors, Cosmopulos.
Some users may be balking at the pricing policies of Computer Associates, which make it harder for I.B.M.
Shares in Microsoft fell 45 cents each today, to close at $26.
Neither AT&T nor McCann New York will discuss the budget for the campaign, which has been running for a month.
AT&T Corp is close to forming wide-ranging partnership with Microsoft Corp as part of intricate web of deals that also would make AT&T winner in battle against Comcast Corp for Mediaone Group Inc; Comcast bows out of potential bidding war for Mediaone by reaching agreement with AT&T to exchange certain cable systems; deal would give Comcast additional two million subscribers and AT&T up to $9.2 billion; Microsoft would invest about $5 billion in AT&T to acquire 2 to 3 percent of AT&T; Microsoft would get commitment from AT&T to use Microsoft's Windows operating system in advanced set-top boxes that AT&T will deploy to offer bundles of digital services; Microsoft also wants to try to insure access to high-speed networks for its other software and Internet commerce businesses; Microsoft's move would also be partly defensive in that it could help company as Internet business moves toward so-called broad-band model in which households are continuously connected to high-speed data lines; AT&T and Comcast agree to form venture to offer telephone service over Comcast's cables; AT&T is buying half of Lenfest Communications it does not already own from company's chairman Jerry Lenfest; price is $2 billion, or 43 million shares of AT&T stock; Comcast's president Brian Roberts will manage those cable systems (M)
No one, least of all Xerox, doubts that Hewlett-Packard dominates the digital hardware game that Xerox so desperately wants to play.
In March 2004, Microsoft was fined 497 million euros (about $613 million at the time) for monopolistic practices, and ordered to share details of its Windows operating system with rival software makers, including developers of open-source software.
In November Apple announced the third version of its Macintosh Application Environment, a software program intended to let users of Sun and Hewlett-Packard work stations run Macintosh software.
Ms. Goodrich said that her brother died believing that his chances of survival, while not good, were lost because of Aetna's conduct.
Gerard J. Gould, a Stanley Works vice president, said he had not known about the hearing.
A Molson spokeswoman, Sylvie Morin, said Mr. Molson made a point of grooming family members within the business, but they had to show their mettle.
But the firm said that it was governed by its interpretation of a contract between Lin and McCaw Cellular Communications, which owned 52 percent of Lin when it was acquired by AT&T in 1994.
Rob Solomon, a former senior vice president at Yahoo who is now chief executive of SideStep, a travel-oriented search business, added: ''I was always in awe of her brilliancy.
The deals added 545 stores and 50,000 employees to Wal-Mart's overseas empire.
In June, Xerox began selling used equipment on www.xerox.com, its Web site.
The Ford Motor Company is expected to sell Aston Martin, maker of the upscale British sports cars favored by James Bond, to a group of investors that includes the racing mogul David Richards and a pair of Kuwaiti companies, people with direct knowledge of the deal said Sunday.
The write-down by Verizon would be another example of how the rapid expansion of fiber optic networks in the last few years created a glut of capacity.
H J Heinz Co announces that it has hired Daniel O'Neill, president of Campbell Soup Co's domestic soup business; Campbell claims O'Neill signed noncompetition agreement with company that precludes working for Heinz; Heinz has filed lawsuit seeking to invalidate O'Neill's noncompetition agreement; O'Neill was passed over recently at Campbell for promotion (M)
Tom Evslin, the vice president of AT&T Worldnet Services, said the company was worried about letting too many customers onto the network at once because it was determined to offer an on-line service as reliable as its long-distance telephone service.
TBWA/Chiat/Day resigns its part of Sprint Nextel advertising account; declines to participate in review; California branch works with Apple Inc which, is collaborating with Sprint's competitor AT&T (S)
Still, industry analysts question whether buying another so-called Baby Bell for $67 billion (and assuming $22.3 billion of debt) is the best way to insulate AT&T from cable providers, smaller companies rushing into the Internet phone market, Wi-Fi companies selling cheap Internet connections and broadcasters offering television programs online.
"We are committed to an open network and not legislation," said Daniel Hesse, general manager of the AT&T Online Services Group.
The pitted olives, a new addition to the selection at Whole Foods markets, are excellent to serve with drinks, or to chop coarsely into a salad dressing or into a vinaigrette for fish.
Mr. Sklyarov is an employee of ElcomSoft, a small, Moscow-based company that has recently drawn the ire of Adobe for distributing a software package that circumvents Adobe eBook Reader software by converting encrypted books to unprotected files, which can then be distributed freely.
''Without such a broad remedy,'' he said in written testimony, ''Microsoft's ability to control consumer access will continue to increase.''
For Boeing, the danger is that the Druyun-Air Force scandal will cost it more Pentagon business and further damage to its reputation, just as it did with the rocket launchings.
Industry analysts agreed that the reduced cost of installing an Oracle server should help the company, which already dominates the database server market, and improve its showing in the more wide-open application server market.
Through its Sam's Club division, a chain of 570 club stores, Wal-Mart helps them process credit-card transactions, build Web sites, pay employees and take out loans, all at bargain prices.
Microsoft still faces the prospect of steep penalties from the European Union, which has ruled that the company abused its Windows monopoly in Europe.
The change at the CBS newscast coincides with similar upheaval at NBC's ''Nightly News With Brian Williams,'' which announced a change in executive producers last week.
John R. Strangfeld Jr., a vice chairman of Prudential and head of its investment division, which includes the brokerage operations, said: ''What we agreed is that a joint venture has a negative connotation.
Jay T Harris, former publisher of San Jose Mercury News, is named director of Center for Study of Journalism and Democracy at University of Southern California's Annenberg School for Communications (S)
Southwest Airlines, the industry's low-fare leader, traditionally does well during economic downturns, because travelers look for bargains.
If all goes as planned, the agreement means that CNN, a unit of Turner Broadcasting System Inc., will soon be able to deliver its business news reports -- as well as business information products developed exclusively for AT&T -- directly to personal computers and other digital communications devices around the world.
Kodak is taking its sponsorship further, to paraphrase a recent ad slogan, signing a 20-year contract to name a new Academy site for the awards show the Kodak Theater.
A new study of Vanlev, a treatment for heart failure from Bristol-Myers, found the drug to be only marginally more effective than enalapril, an inexpensive generic version of Merck's Vasotec, a blockbuster of yesteryear.
Ford Motor Co announces its chairman and chief executive Alexander J Trotman will stay on 18 months beyond customary retirement age of 65 for Ford executives, buying time for company to decide on his successor (L)
Morgan Stanley is one of the most profitable investment banks, a firm that many analysts view as the model financial house of the 1990's.
Kellogg Co will begin review that might result in adding an agency to roster of shops handling its troubled American ready-to-eat cereal account; Leo Burnett Co, WPP Group PLC, Burrell Communications Group, Young & Rubicam, Interpublic Group of Companies, Omnicon Group and Grey Advertising have been asked to participate in evaluation of its marketing programs (M)
Yahoo's net income for the quarter was $142.4 million, or 10 cents a share, down from $159.9 million, or 11 cents a share, a year earlier.
Pfizer also says it has worked closely with the Food and Drug Administration to design its clinical trials, on which the company is spending $800 million in tests involving 25,000 patients.
William H. Gates, the Microsoft Corporation chairman, has paid more than $30 million for the last major seascape by Winslow Homer left in private hands, setting what is by far the record price for an American painting, experts in the art world said yesterday.
In an Expected Revamping, Agilent Plans a Buyback
Mr. Braddock declined to say how much money it took to draw Ms. Miller away from Citigroup, but he suggested that her compensation package included a lot of stock options, whose value would increase in step with the company's stock price.
Amazon said that it would compete by offering features like product recommendations and customer reviews, as it already does with books.
Nevertheless, Rob Glaser, a former Microsoft executive who founded RealNetworks as Progressive Networks in 1994, said he believed the strategy was good for both Microsoft and consumers.
Kirch Group is preparing to declare that its core business is bankrupt, as aging founder Leo Kirch assumes role of passive bystander while bankers and minority shareholders argue over who should contribute to rescue; Rupert Murdoch and executives at his News Corp in Los Angeles meet with Kirch's bank creditors and other investors about possible takeover of Premiere, money-losing pay television network that is biggest reason for Kirch Group's collapse; Murdoch indirectly controls 22 percent of Premiere through BSkyB and News Corp is biggest shareholder of BSkyB (M)
If Time Warner's Home Box Office bids for star performers or spends more on elaborate special effects for its made-for-TV movies, it can attract more subscribers, yet it will not have to charge each customer a higher price to cover its increased costs.
An Amazon spokeswoman, Patricia Smith, said in a written statement, ''We believe we can have multiple sellers in the toy category, increase selection, and offer products that T.R.U.
Mr. Wallace was also the first Microsoft employee to leave the company with stock.
The letter, written May 10, said the Journal's integrity could be compromised because Mr. Murdoch is well-known for making editorial decisions in China to serve News Corporation's business interests there.
The witness on the stand this week, Avadis Tevanian Jr., a senior vice president of Apple, is the first witness to testify who is an engineer, not a businessman, and Judge Jackson took the opportunity to ask for explanations on several key points.
And both companies carry weighty cudgels to the bargaining table, including the singular and irreplaceable appeal of the sports events they control, Disney's ability to withhold cable transmission of its ABC television stations in certain markets, and News Corporation's pending acquisition of control of the satellite service DirecTV.
Making things even more difficult for Intergraph was the fact that its work stations were now based on Intel products that were no longer  interchangeable with other companies' chips.
Be, a novel start-up, can offer software to Apple beyond conventional systems.
Last week eBay added Google Checkout to a list of payment services its sellers cannot use, which will continue ''for the foreseeable future,'' said Hani Durzy, a spokesman for eBay, based in San Jose, Calif. Mr. Boyd of Caris pointed out that Google was offering discounts to sellers who sign up for Checkout.
The businesses expect to move into the six-story, 250,000-square-foot building, at 4 Union Square South, as each of their spaces is completed in a $46 million renovation by the owner, Vornado Realty Trust.
Despite being lambasted for his stewardship at Time Warner by Mr. Icahn and Mr. Wasserstein at a news conference Feb. 8, Mr. Parsons has met with Mr. Icahn twice since then at Mr. Icahn's office across Central Park from the Time Warner Center, people close to the negotiations said yesterday.
With Mr. Ball, who now works in Microsoft's user interface group, he added modern PC graphics to the original program.
He decided that it would be possible to build light switches directly from standard Intel silicon and make them switch as fast as electronic transistors.
During the second quarter, demand for Intel's flash memory products, used in cellphones, made up for weakness in microprocessors, Intel's core business.
Over the weekend, Morgan Stanley began changing signs on its headquarters in Times Square.
Meanwhile, the independent trustees of the Nations Funds, as Bank of America's mutual funds are known, hired Willkie Farr & Gallagher to direct their own inquiry, a spokeswoman for the law firm said.
''It's not a blockbuster, but it's a good deal in terms of product, technology and marketing fit,'' said Peter J. Enderlin, who follows Xerox for the First Albany Corporation.
Microsoft stock closed at $51.75, up $1.31, on volume of 55.3 million shares in Nasdaq trading.
Netflix has $175 million in cash and is carrying no debt, Mr. Hastings noted, and it has ''no desire or need to be acquired.''
While the union has been attempting to organize Wal-Mart stores throughout Canada, Mr. Fraser said that its efforts had been concentrated on the provinces of Saskatchewan and Quebec.
One side (Comcast) is suing the other.
Since he backed away from that campaign, however, Time Warner's shares have continued to slide, and are down some 10 percent, perhaps giving him new support for another proxy contest.
The German case, I.B.M.
Heart doctors at Cleveland Clinic vote unanimously to severely curtail or even ban clinic's use of Johnson & Johnson drug Natrecor; final decision will be made by clinic committee that is expected to review data at May 4 meeting; Natrecor, used as treatment for heart failure, has been reported in two recent studies to increase kidney problems and death rates among patients; Johnson & Johnson has worked out plan with federal drug regulators to cite such risks on its label (M)
said that it had considered withdrawing its proposal as late as today, but did not because of its legal obligations to Honeywell, which refused to abandon the effort.
But Microsoft has always emphasized online play as an integral aspect of its console, and a niche where it expects it to make headway.
Both airlines said that in return for promising steady business to Boeing, they get price breaks and flexibility in the timing of deliveries of new planes.
A third speaker complained that Interpublic, the world's third-largest agency company in revenue -- after the Omnicom Group and the WPP Group -- had been ''dealt a body blow'' by accounting irregularities that led to large write-downs, quarterly losses and an investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
The company's lawyers point out that even Mr. Meadlock has conceded that Mr. Grove never suggested that Intel would be Intergraph's ''perpetual supplier of chips.''
The plane, Alaska Airlines Flight 261, was flying to San Francisco and then to Seattle from Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, when it crashed on Jan. 31 while trying to make an emergency landing at Los Angeles International Airport.
But some analysts suggest that Norfolk Southern never intended to win this fight, merely to set in motion events whereby Conrail is carved up between the two railroads.
The acquisition would create an industrial behemoth, bringing together United Technologies' Otis Elevators, Pratt & Whitney aircraft engines, Sikorsky helicopters and Carrier air-conditioners, with Honeywell's aerospace systems, power and transportation products, specialty chemicals and home security systems.
Mr. Boies then produced a letter dated three months later in which William H. Gates, Microsoft's chairman, congratulated Compaq's chief executive for selecting ''Microsoft as the exclusive supplier of operating system software for your hand-held computers.''
Not everyone says the decision to move quickly away from the I.B.M.
Corporate travel departments are doing what Xerox, South Trust and others are doing -- turning more to Web-based programs, where they can negotiate discounts with airlines, hotels and rental car companies in return for guaranteeing a certain number of bookings over a specified period.
Settling some cases may also marginally improve Merck's chance of winning lawsuits that do go to trial, he said.
This agreement, unlike many other merger contracts, does not enable Time Warner to walk away no matter how much AOL's stock price falls, Mr. Bressler said.
The three areas, which Yahoo cited last November as integral to its growth, represented 40 percent of its sales.
Home Depot was founded in 1978 in Atlanta.
Ford Motor Co's senior executives plan to meet with major investors after third-quarter results are announced next week to appeal for patience as company tries turnaround; analysts say warm reception seems unlikely; investors regard Ford Motor as weakest among Big Three auto companies, and analysts say they do not sense much urgency in overhaul efforts; photo (M)
The Marsh & McLennan Companies, the world's largest insurance broker, reported a 57 percent drop in profit in its second quarter yesterday as it struggled to reorganize after a confrontation with regulators over accusations of rigging bids and steering clients to the highest-paying insurers.
''I am doing away with any perceived conflicts, and this will also give me more time to commit to Citigroup,'' Mr. Weill said in an interview yesterday.
Several companies, including the AT&T Corporation, I.B.M., Liquid Audio, the Microsoft Corporation and Sony, have developed technologies intended to deliver CD-quality music on line while preventing illegal copying.
''Verizon has to work tighter with Verizon Wireless,'' said Lisa Pierce, an analyst at Forrester Research who tracks telecommunications services at companies.
However, Airbus or any other potential competitors to Boeing would have to offer strong incentives to airlines to complicate their fleets with new aircraft types.
Operating expenses for the quarter grew 5.3 percent compared with the quarter last year, as Verizon spent more on sales and marketing and added network capacity to handle new wireless subscribers.
''The service at Home Depot is O.K.,'' said Bill Miller, owner of Home Improvements in Austin.
But now they face the prospect of being deserted by their only real ally: General Motors itself.
Citigroup's plan to account for stock options as an expense will reduce the company's earnings by an estimated 3 cents a share in 2003, Mr. Weill said in the memo.
Among the makers of the equipment that knit the Internet, telephone systems and computer databases together, Huawei (pronounced HWAH-way) still stands deep in the shadows of industry heavyweights like Cisco Systems Inc. and the Nortel Networks Corporation.
Antitrust prosecutors have complained that Microsoft has sought to use its existing monopoly over computer operating systems to take control over the software used to navigate the ever-expanding Internet.
The price of acquiring Nortel's components business would have led to near-term declines in Corning earnings.
Indeed, sales of Campbell's crackers are growing at about 7 percent this year, and those of its cookies are up 5 percent.
Today, I.B.M.
A spokesman for Goldman Sachs said that it had not decided whether to rename Zilkha Renewable Energy, but that the company would continue operating from Houston.
-- that ''The fact that the Brazilian bailout also gave a big boost to Citigroup and FleetBoston, which combined had close to $20 billion at risk in Brazil, will hardly go unnoticed when it comes time to raise campaign funds among the Wall Street elite.''
cars and trucks by burnishing the reputation of the General Motors brand rather than by promoting specific products or divisions.
The two sides did not disclose the deal's value, but Nissan spent $750 million on information technology and systems last year, indicating that it is one of IBM Japan's biggest outsourcing deals.
In an effort to circumvent United States export controls, Russia's nuclear weapons establishment says it has obtained a powerful I.B.M.
In Monday's decision, Judge Easterbrook said the question at the heart of the I.B.M.
In any case, the highest-level negotiators on each side, Lawrence T. Babbio Jr., Verizon's vice president and co-chairman, and Morton Bahr, president of the Communications Workers of America, were exchanging details of the proposal by fax last night.
Several senior health care executives have departed, and Aetna is seeking a new chief executive to run the health care business.
Unlike most competitors, Goldman Sachs did not give stock options to any employees last year.
AT&T's stake is estimated to be worth from $7.5 billion to $9.5 billion.
Its Wish, Their Command; When Wal-Mart Shops for Groceries, It Gets Whatever It Wants
But Microsoft officials saw it in another way.
and Microsoft for the future of the Internet misstated the expected shipping date for Microsoft's next version of the Windows operating system, code-named Longhorn.
''We had some inventory build in Asia and Japan in the first quarter, which we think has been resolved by now, but was out there,'' said Andy Bryant, Intel's chief financial officer.
In a Shaky Present, Boeing Weighs Risks of Building a Jet of the Future
Its prices, envelopes and movie selection are nearly the same as Netflix's.
Wal-Mart doesn't appear to be taking the threat too seriously.
Target has already figured out how to woo sophisticated shoppers with its hip bull's-eye ads, Philippe Starck baby products and Michael Graves coffee makers.
But in past quarters, analysts have sharply criticized Xerox management, arguing that it botched a sales force reorganization and lagged on  product introductions.
Two agencies tied for the most Effies won, at 10 each: the Chicago and New York offices of DDB Worldwide, also part of Omnicom, and Young & Rubicam Advertising in New York, part of the Young & Rubicam unit of the WPP Group.
The conflict between the two companies over multimedia software continued even after they had reached an agreement in 1997 that included settlement of a patent dispute, a $150 million investment in Apple by Microsoft and Apple's adoption of Microsoft's Internet Explorer as the preferred browser on Macintosh computers.
Antitrust Cases Illuminate Tangled Ties Atop the PC Industry; U.S. and Intel at Odds Over Issue That Raises Question of Law's Limit
With Mac Mini, Apple Builds a Smaller Box
The states intend to act quickly because Microsoft plans to begin shipping the next version of the software, the Windows 98 operating system, to personal computer makers in mid-May and to release it to the public by late June.
The jury was told that Morgan Stanley approached Coleman management and painted a positive picture of Sunbeam's prospects and the outlook for its stock.
Norman Lehman, group creative director at Draft Worldwide Canada, Toronto, part of Draft Worldwide unit of Interpublic Group of Companies, is named president, succeeding Irvin Lebovits, who left; Dan Rose, chief operating officer at Frankel, Chicago, part of Publicis SA, is named to additional post of president, succeeding Jim Mack, who remains chief executive (S)
The endorsement of Oracle, the clear leader in software for electronic commerce, is key to Hewlett-Packard's Internet products, which it calls e-services.
And the issue that most alarmed the commission staff and its chairman, Robert Pitofsky, according to people close to the case, was that Intel was cutting the computer makers off from trade secrets they needed to bring new products to market.
In 1993, it brought George M. C. Fisher in from Motorola to push Kodak into the digital age.
For example, last year Xerox took a $170 million pretax charge to cover problems with fraudulent accounting practices in its Mexican operations.
The court rejected Intel's argument that the messages represented illegal trespassing to its computer systems.
United Technologies owns Otis elevators and escalators; Honeywell is big in building control systems.
Analysts had expected Cisco to earn 15 cents a share, according to First Call.
Microsoft said it would not comment on the prospect of a settlement beyond Mr. Smith's statement.
The intention is primarily to help consumers find items that Amazon itself does not stock.
Wal-Mart Shows Hilfiger Interest
Company shares, which had fallen sharply after Yahoo announced its slow ad sales last month, rose in after-hours trading yesterday.
Foreign and American companies are also concerned about the potential loss of intellectual property rights if they are forced to work with Chinese PC companies that might become competitors in the Wi-Fi marketplace.
Despite that flop, William H. Gates, Microsoft's chief executive, who earlier this year also assumed the title of chief software architect, remains committed to the idea of software as an ''agent'' with human attributes.
Phil Schiller, Apple's vice president for worldwide marketing, said the company would make an effort to insure that the new Quicktime software incorporates a wide variety of different media formats known as ''codecs'' (for compression-decompression), bodies of software coding that transform audio and video programming into digital format for transmission and translate it back on the user's computer.
Moody's Investors Service raised Mexico's foreign currency ratings, citing its reduced vulnerability to external shocks.
But last October, the Justice Department filed a lawsuit accusing Microsoft of violating a 1995 consent decree by requiring computer manufacturers to bundle its Internet Explorer Web browser software with its Windows 95 operating system.
A successful deal would mean a huge victory for Mr. Murdoch, the Australian media mogul, and new ownership for The Wall Street Journal, the second-largest newspaper in the country by circulation and one of the great names in American journalism.
Interpublic closed yesterday at $11.74, falling 87 cents, or 6.9 percent.
Publicis, which lost a hostile takeover bid for True North in 1997, described the price Interpublic is paying as at the bottom end of expectations.
In documents released yesterday, Mr. Spitzer contended that certain CBS stations ''participated in deception against their listeners,'' and that programmers improperly accepted payments or other financial benefits to play songs by artists like Nick Lachey and Nine Inch Nails.
There is business synergy in the deal -- between the News Corporation's proposed Fox Business cable TV channel and The Journal, for example.
Among those testifying was Robert Glaser, a former Microsoft employee who is now chairman of Real Networks, a Seattle-based maker of software that enables users to receive live audio and video on their Web browsers.
Ford Motor Co says its loss for fourth quarter will be five times greater than analysts had forecast; officials blame tide of car repossessions and delinquent loans that resulted from recession and rising unemployment; financial analysts and professional investors question company's overall strategy in conference call and reiterate doubts about Ford's credit operations; Ford is expected to report operating losses of about $900 million in fourth quarter; chief financial officer Martin Inglis comments (M)
Whether an art director at InStyle, Time Warner's successful new celebrity lifestyle magazine, would consider the work done in them to be creative is unclear.
Novation, group that buys medical supplies for third of nation's hospitals, received two highly unusual payments totaling $1.1 million from Becton Dickinson & Co, which got exclusive right to market hypodermic needles and other products to group's hospitals; several legal experts say they find payments to Novation troubling because they might be construed as kickbacks if they were used to obtain business; Novation says Becton Dickinson paid it $1 million in 'special marketing' fees in 2000 in connection with three-year contract for syringes and needles; payment came at time when health care workers and others were saying that some Becton Dickinson products did not provide enough protection for medical workers against accidental needle sticks; smaller manufacturers are also beginning to challenge Becton Dickinson with new safety products; Becton Dickinson has also made separate payment of $100,000 to Novation in connection with smaller, four-year contract for intravenous catheters that took effect in 1999; Julia Naunheim Hipps, nurse who says she got hepatitis C in needle stick, says hospital buying groups can be roadblocks to safer products; photo (M)
Positive Support Review, a Web design and consulting company in Los Angeles, has found that, by one measure anyway, Microsoft Internet Explorer has a greater share of the browser market and that Netscape's Navigator browser is now the one playing catch up.
A state board formally approved a deal yesterday that would enable Goldman Sachs to revive its plan to build a $2 billion headquarters across the street from the World Trade Center site.
Citigroup, the nation's largest financial services company, said yesterday that its third-quarter profit had more than tripled as its banking and trading businesses rebounded from weak performances a year earlier, when global financial turmoil hurt big banks and securities firms.
Ever since he helped revive Frontier Airlines in 1993, Samuel D. Addoms, its chief executive, has considered himself a Boeing man.
Philip M. Condit, Boeing's president and chief executive, said in a statement, ''Today's announced production rate increase is in response to continued strong market demand for the 777, and the employment increase reflects today's rate change as well as staffing requirements for product development activities.''
''We helped build Wal-Mart from $11 billion in sales to $312 billion,'' said Mr. Spence, who worked closely for many years with Sam Walton, the founder of Wal-Mart.
About nine hours later at the Best Buy in Midtown, several Microsoft employees, store clerks and journalists on hand heavily outnumbered actual customers at a promotional event featuring Microsoft's chief executive, Steven A. Ballmer, who appeared with two Vista beta testers.
In his order, the judge wrote that ''while Morgan Stanley is entitled to resolve its dispute with an employee by offering her a financial settlement, it is not entitled by thus settling to eliminate the employee as a witness if she is called by a government agency in an investigation or litigation of possible illegal conduct on its part, any more than an accused criminal can foreclose a government investigation or keep his victim off the witness stand by offering compensation to that victim.''
In particular, consumer groups and competitors fear that the combined AOL Time Warner, which would run television networks, own cable systems and control nearly half of the consumer market for Internet access, would be so powerful it could stifle other would-be providers of interactive television.
''The system is built to handle many variables,'' said Tim Cadogan, the vice president who runs the business sideof Yahoo's Web search operation.
Susan L. Annunzio, chief executive of the Hudson Highland Center for High Performance, a management consulting firm in Chicago, said Pfizer had evidently decided that firing Dr. Rost would cause more problems than it would solve.
Boeing said that it would cut production of its 747 jumbo jet to two a month from 3.5 a month in late 1999 and might even cut production to one a month in early 2000 if demand does not pick up.
Technology Briefing
Worried that this case would anger and perhaps chase away many women shoppers, Wal-Mart has spent millions of dollars on television spots showing how well it treats women.
KPMG also said that it would pay almost $22.5 million in the settlement, including a $10 million civil penalty, repayment of the $9.8 million it earned by auditing Xerox's books during the period, and $2.7 million in interest.
Microsoft hopes this technology will someday be common in homes, but its first uses will be commercial.
Yahoo's main service, free to users and supported by on-line advertising, is a navigation and search engine, which finds material on the Web based on key words or phrases that the computer user types in.
Mr. Doggett said that the sale to I.B.M.
At the Gap, a snap-front white baseball T-shirt with cotton-candy-pink sleeves was 11-2309.
Under the brand Yahoo by Phone, Yahoo intends to give consumers access to personalized information and e-mail by calling a toll-free number.
Wall Street analysts say sales growth at Merck, the second-largest American drug maker behind Pfizer, and the rest of the pharmaceutical industry had been slowing as researchers have failed to produce popular new drugs.
Which is why, according to Aaron Kornblum, Microsoft's Internet safety enforcement lawyer, suits against spam enablers like Mr. Gillespie are an important, if incremental, new front to pursue.
Electronic Arts has developed 15 titles for the machine.
Netscape and other companies have accused Microsoft of withholding those as penalty for failing to comply with requests from Microsoft.
Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation said yesterday that it planned to acquire the Heritage Media Corporation, a direct-marketing and broadcasting company, in a tax-free stock deal valued at $754 million.
The only potential disadvantage for Electronic Arts, Mr. Wilson said, is that the price is at the high end of Jamdat's valuation.
''Once an application is written to the Microsoft platform, it can never come out,'' said Ambuj Goyal, chief of strategy for I.B.M.
''If we meet our plan, there will be no more charges,'' said Philip M. Condit, Boeing's chairman and chief executive.
In meetings last week, Mr. Baer said, Intel executives told the commissioners, ''All we did was put speed bumps in the way of some of our competitors.''
's existing network as well as merchants in the American Express's international network.
Their geographic seclusion may also help explain Microsoft's sense of alienation from mainstream culture -- or at least from the Government.
At the Whole Foods Market at Columbus Circle customers can buy everything they need for a romantic dinner: freshly baked bread, tuna steak, heirloom tomatoes, flowers and a bottle of wine.
The strategy is to get Xerox's digital copiers in the door and let customers decide, as their needs and financial resources grow, when to plug in scanners, faxers and other electronic bells and whistles.
For the three months ended March 29, Intel said it had net income of $915 million, or 14 cents a share, down from $936 million in the quarter a year earlier.
That could be good for Electronic Arts, but it may be bad for consumers, said Evan Wilson, an analyst with Pacific Crest Industries, an investment banking firm.
It provided no new estimate yesterday, but Ms. Goodman said she expected Aetna to earn no more than 45 to 50 cents a share for the year.
His strategy has focused on operating ConAgra as one company instead of different fiefs, which reduced expenses and allowed for a sharing of ideas among brands.
This means that Intel's fourth-quarter earnings report, due out in the second week of January, may not tell the full story.
Low-cost airlines could acquire abandoned slots at airports and add flights to poorly served routes as full-service airlines cut flights in coming months; analysts say AirTran Airways, strong rival to US Airways and Delta Air Lines on East Coast, is poised for such a move; AirTran plans to increase capacity by 20 percent from last year; Southwest Airlines and JetBlue Airways, nation's most profitable airlines, say planned cuts by full-service carriers will have no immediate effect on their operations; graph; photos (M)
''I stand on the side of innovation, not litigation,'' Mr. Bush said during a news conference in the state of Washington, Microsoft's home, last spring.
Ohio Rep Paul E Gillmor is planning to release information that suggests Wal-Mart's ambitions into consumer banking may extend beyond what it previously disclosed; information, in form of e-mail message sent by Wal-Mart employee, suggests that company is laying groundwork to offer its own banking products; Wal-Mart has long insisted that it is not interested in branch banking but is looking to use bank as way to save money; Gillmor says he is concerned that undated e-mail message suggested that Wal-Mart is reserving right to become full-service bank, including underwriting of mortgages; retailer confirms that company updated some of its tenant leases late last year to include language in question but implies it had option all along; new information comes as House Financial Services Committee gears up for hearings next week on closely watched law that would bar non-financial institutions from operating bank (M)
Some prominent cardiologists object to Pfizer's plan to sell its promising new heart drug torcetrapib only in combination with its cholesterol drug Lipitor; say torcetrapib should be offered as stand-alone pill, so patients can decide whether to take it with Lipitor or with similar drugs not from Pfizer that may work better for them; torcetrapib could be one of most promising new heart treatments in decade; it still must clear many hurdles before it is approved; it would not reach market before 2007, at earliest, but already Pfizer's plan is generating controversy; authorities on drug development say Food and Drug Adm may have no choice but to approve combination treatment if it proves more effective at preventing heart disease than Lipitor by itself; say agency has little authority over cost of new drugs or ability to encourage competition among drug companies (M)
The ''Wintel duopoly,'' as some have called the domination of the computer industry by Microsoft's software and Intel's hardware, is about to come under Government assault on a second front.
name on the ThinkPad products for the foreseeable future, even if the advertising does not mention I.B.M.
One consultant, who works for Pfizer and spoke on condition of anonymity, said on Monday that Pfizer had believed that because the company ''walked on water in the media's eyes,'' no one would look closely at the company's pipeline of drugs under development to conclude that it trailed many of its competitors.
Ford Motor Co and Peugeot Citroen will form alliance to coperate in automotive design and development of wireless services like cell phone and Internet access and entertainment channels (S)
The consumer digital camera business is now run by Yusuke Kojima, a former Olympus executive, who said he would soon reintroduce Kodak cameras to Japan, where they have never sold well.
In the trial, the government and states showed that Microsoft used its market muscle to essentially bully and bribe personal computer makers to favor its software over that of rivals, like Netscape Communications and Sun Microsystems, whose Internet software posed a threat to Microsoft's dominance of the industry.
In that regard, Morgan Stanley's results for the quarter were an endorsement of its strategy of building a broad investment banking and financial services franchise, from selling mutual funds and credit cards to ordinary citizens to issuing stocks and bonds for big companies and governments.
*When America Online Inc., which competes fiercely with Microsoft's on-line service and electronic commerce divisions, went shopping for browser technology, Microsoft made an offer that was too good to pass up: If America Online used Microsoft's browser as the main one for its millions of subscribers, Microsoft would give America Online prime placement on the desktop screen of all personal computers using Windows.
Central to the investigations is Mr. Grubman's upgrade of AT&T in November 1999.
Northrop Grumman Hires New Agency
Because it will generate fewer savings, Verizon has a harder time justifying paying as high a price for MCI as Qwest.
And Mr. Johnson of Robertson Stephens said that some of these smaller companies were growing much more rapidly than Cisco, noting that three of them -- Juniper Networks, Redback and Copper Mountain -- had combined revenue of $1 billion in the quarter.
''When Interpublic bought him,'' said Mr. Wren, referring to the sale by Mr. Arnell of 55 percent of Arnell to Draft in March 2000, ''I kind of sighed, 'That's something we should have done.'
He estimated that the decision to pay General Electric for services it provides would cost him $2 million to $2.5 million a year.
Mr. Day focused his remarks on a Microsoft Java product called VJ++ 6.0, a new software ''tool kit'' for creating Java-based programs.
In the last year, in addition to Kodak, he has done ad and promotional work for marketers ranging from Nike to Oakley sunglasses to Victoria's Secret, and has just signed to promote Mistic Beverages.
You'll want to add Internet data to your cellphone plan -- usually $10 to $20 a month -- for Google or Yahoo.
Following Procter's first-place ranking on the list, at $5.8 billion, were Unilever, at No.2 with $3.5 billion, and General Motors, in third place with $3.4 billion.
The Express Remote, which is available at Apple Stores (on- and offline) and will reach computer retailers in the next month, uses keymaps to convert signals from its 17 buttons into computer keystrokes.
Verisign had earnings of $4 million on revenues of $84.8 million in 1999.
Second, and perhaps more important, people close to the negotiations said, AT&T wants shares in the parent AOL Time Warner in addition to shares in the new Time Warner Cable.
The people briefed on NBC's plan said they did not know if General Electric would be willing to put its own stock into such a venture.
I.B.M.
So companies from Procter & Gamble to J. P. Morgan Chase, like so many lonely teenagers, are tricking out their online profiles and trying to make friends on the Web.
Harper's Bazaar is playing the same odds, splashing a photograph taken at the Gap shoot on its September cover.
Whirlpool executives said the tests showed them that they needed to emphasize how the Valet could improve the look of clothes every day with little effort.
But in documents filed yesterday and Dec. 24 in the insider trading cases, the Government asserted that the Lotus scheme began in spring 1995, when Mr. Cassano's relative at I.B.M.
The company wasted little time reminding executives of Pfizer's sizzling historic financial performance in comparison with many of its competitors.
Antitrust regulators at the European Commission are threatening to block the $165 billion merger of Time Warner and America Online, as both sides prepare to negotiate a possible settlement over the next week.
But he said the company would be up against fierce competition from Boeing, which he said was able to make subsidized military sales abroad because of generous treatment by the Pentagon.
The Europeans want it renewed while the United States has argued that Airbus has become a serious rival of Boeing and is no longer in need of subsidies.
Worldwide, Coca-Cola's volume rose 3 percent for the year, compared with 10 percent in 1997.
Officials at SAP said Mr. Kagermann's comments about acquisitions were also calculated to help Oracle in its legal showdown with the Justice Department.
From Safeway's point of view, Asda may be the most welcome suitor, he said, because, as part of Wal-Mart, it has the deepest pockets and can afford to pay the most.
I.B.M.
''Wine has just become increasingly normal, and Costco is in the business of selling normalcy,'' said Matt Kramer, a columnist at Wine Spectator, a consumer magazine.
Memo Pad column; Travel & Leisure magazine lists world's top business hotels according to informal survey of readers; Americans traveling by air to Canada, Mexico, Caribbean and Bermuda will need to present passport to return to US under new federal border security rules starting Jan 8, 2007; State Department says only about 27 percent of Americans have valid passports; Commerce Department says Canada and Mexico are top international destinations for travelers from US; Emirate airline plans to start daily nonstop service from New York to Hamburg on Oct 29; Boeing Co announces new model of its Boeing Business Jet, its largest private jet, at National Business Aviation Association trade show in Orlando, Fla; Boeing has sold 114 of new jet, which cost about $43 million each, not including cabin finishing; Dole Food Co has ordered three Eclipse 500 very light aircraft; $1.52 million jets will be used for short regional flights; world's airlines have scheduled more than 25,000 flights this month between North America and Western Europe, nearly 1,400 more than in October year ago and highest figures for month since 9/11 terrorist attacks (M)
Netflix, which has built profitable, fast-growing business renting DVD's by mail through innovative online service, faces bruising challenge from Wal-Mart Stores, which has recently started competing rental business with nearly same offerings; co-founder and chief executive Reed Hastings comments on Netflix's competitive edge; graphs of subscribers and movie rentals; photos (M)
Hynix's creditors took over the company in June after the previous board rejected a proposal by Micron to buy it for nearly $3 billion.
''In some ways, I feel exonerated because I've had so many people telling me that I.B.M.
Its complaint against Marriott asks the court to force the company to disclose records supporting the cost and revenue numbers on Marriott's consolidated financial statements since 1999.
A spokesman for Interpublic, the parent of Draft FCB, said that the company had provided e-mail messages to Wal-Mart for the inquiry.
He predicted the overhauled software would provide a resurgence for PeopleSoft against Oracle and SAP.
The meeting with the commission followed a visit by Intel executives to the Capitol Hill offices of the Electronic Privacy Information Center, an on-line advocacy group.
''Moreover, we find the lack of guidance from a company with the scale and savvy of Pfizer worrisome; it suggests to us that the company doesn't know itself about the future performance of its own internal operations.''
As a result, if the Delaware court follows the British precedent, Pfizer could face competition on Lipitor in the United States a year earlier than it had expected.
Amgen's arguments seem to be having some effect.
A Dow Chemical spokesman yesterday acknowledged that the firings were ''based solely on a single source'' who had ''impeccable credentials.''
The mention of a concierge in the leasing brochure for the 256,000-square foot building has proved a little ticklish for the people seeking tenants among companies that sell goods to Wal-Mart, whose own offices are famously spartan.
Amgen's acquisition gives it rights to Immunex's strong-selling rheumatoid arthritis drug, Enbrel.
Hardly, says Mr. McCue, who looks back at the Microsoft-Netscape confrontation as a pragmatic capitalist, not as a lawyer.
But Mr. Hance insisted that Bank of America looked ''across the business cycle'' at the profitability of the business.
Citigroup's shares declined $1.44, to $49.38, while Merrill's stock fell 56 cents, to $57.81 a share.
Microsoft has repeatedly said it made good-faith efforts to comply with the order, which was a brief, general admonition, included in a 300-page ruling, to supply ''complete and accurate technical specifications.''
In addition to its top 100 suppliers, Wal-Mart is working with 38 others that have volunteered to be in the first wave of vendors complying with its mandate.
Newspaper Industry Fails To Stem Circulation Drop
Despite earlier indications that France might lift its ban today on Coca-Cola, Sprite and Fanta, the company's best sellers in both countries, French officials said the restrictions remained in force.
Microsoft is interested because the company is bundling its Web TV for Windows software with Windows 98.
Texas Instruments would be able to manufacture digital light processing devices designed for high-definition television, said Karen Clapper, a Texas Instruments representative,
The decision gives Microsoft greater breathing room to pursue its appeals, relieves the company of any pressure to return any time soon to the bargaining table and, in the absence of a settlement, could have the effect of prolonging a final court judgment by a year or longer.
If Oracle is allowed to buy PeopleSoft, the Justice Department and 10 states assert, the number of major rivals in business software will be reduced from three to two, thus driving up prices.
Claire Giannini Hoffman, the first woman to serve on the boards of  Bank of America and Sears, Roebuck & Company, died Monday of respiratory failure at her home in San Mateo, Calif., the bank said.
The impressive sales totals partly reflect the growing power of big discounters like Wal-Mart and price clubs like Costco.
Yet Hewlett's bet on Linux still pales compared with its reliance on Microsoft.
"It's shameful that AT&T bought our company and then chose to withdraw funding less than a year later," said S. Jerrold Kaplan, a founder of Go, who left after the software developer was acquired.
Even when auto insurance sales succeeded, the cost of claims was heavy, and Citigroup suffered.
Motorola Picks an Outsider to Be Its Chief Executive
Microsoft and Ford are to offer a system called Sync, a voice-activated method for connecting cellphones and media players -- like Microsoft's Zune -- to a vehicle.
To create robust and widely used standards, companies have to make their own intellectual property -- usually specialized software for handling information -- available either for small licensing fees or free, as I.B.M.
Could Mr. Serwer write a cover story about Citigroup if he owned 1,000 shares?
American Express Co predicts overall travel costs will jump 3 percent to 5 percent in 1998, compared with expected 7 percent to 8 percent increase this year; says air fares will rise 5 percent to 6 percent in 1998 over 1997 levels; says hotel costs will climb 4 percent to 5 percent in 1998, half rate of increase expected this year; adds 1998 hotel occupancies will fall 'slightly below expected 1997 levels, but will remain at historically high levels; UAL's United Airlines has created special offer for its frequent fliers to encourage them to use up miles on short weekend trips; program noted; Sabre Group, which runs Travelocity web site, has teamed up with guidebook publisher Lonely Planet to begin new section on site called 'Your Planet'; section will provide various information on travel; beginning Oct 15, Marriott International, will allow Hertz customers and passengers on United Airlines or British Airways to accrue points in Marriott Rewards frequent guest program (Business Travel column) (L)
But that solution, by joining its fate with Time Warner, could come at a high cost for America Online.
Robert H. Brust, Kodak's chief financial officer, said he expected United States film prices to continue to decline by 4 percent to 5 percent a year through 2006.
Humana prides itself on knowing its business better than most.
gypsy,'' a name General Motors workers have for people who have been shuffled from plant to plant over the years as the company has closed factories and cut its labor force.
General Electric's largest union, which staged a two-day walkout over health benefits in January, threatened to go on strike again next month as it began negotiations yesterday for a new contract covering 14,000 workers.
Online world has begun deconstructing Net persona of Michael M McDermott, suspect in Dec 26 shooting deaths of seven Edgewater Technology workers; has found Amazon.com 'wish list' thought to belong to him that contains number of science fiction and violent films and number of lovable-loser comedies; photo (M)
Now Microsoft's earnings shortfall has highlighted the downside of paying top prices for growth companies.
Based on Friday's closing price, that would value each Honeywell share at $109.45.
Yesterday, Louis V. Gerstner Jr., chairman of I.B.M., said that Notes was not the problem at AT&T, which he said was fundamentally moving toward a different network strategy.
The General Motors Corporation is rebounding faster than expected from the strike that shut down virtually all of its North American factories during the summer, according to sales figures reported today.
At 8:30 a.m. Wednesday, Mr. Roberts called Mr. Noski and said Comcast would raise its bid by about $800 million.
Ford Motor Co enters partnership with ethanol producer VeraSun Energy under which it will subsidize installation of ethanol fuel pumps at gas stations around Midwest; will increase number of vehicles it builds that can burn fuel with as much as 85 percent ethanol (M)
For Oracle, the goal is to define the market as broadly as possible, antitrust lawyers said.
Welcome to Microsoft's World -- Your Mortgage Is Past Due.
His company's software would replace the armies of consultants who maintain these systems, threatening turf occupied by I.B.M.
''Seeing a sports team wouldn't surprise us, since we've had listings for four or five athletic teams, including two minor league baseball teams,'' said Kevin Pursglove, an eBay spokesman.
Cruise lines, including Carnival Cruise Lines and Kvaerner's Cunard Lines, are accepting reservations for cruises departing or under way on Dec 31, 1999; Air France passengers between Paris and US are forbidden to smoke in their seats, but airline has added smokers' bars that are open throughout the flight except at mealtime; PKF Consulting, international hotel consulting firm, predicts that average occupancy for US hotels in 1996 will be 1 percent greater than last year; Pan Pacific Hotels' Mauna Lani Bay, resort on Kohala Coast of Hawaii, will close from May 9 through Aug 1 next year for $10 million renovation (L)
Northrop's offer, which was summarized in a letter from Kent Kresa, the company's chairman and chief executive, to William P. Fricks, chairman and chief executive of Newport News, is for $2.1 billion, or $67.50 a share, the same price General Dynamics has offered.
On Tuesday, Time Warner's shares fell 16 percent and America Online's shares fell 17 percent.
AirTran's Boeing 717's cannot fly from the airline's hub in Atlanta to the West Coast.
The plaintiffs agreed, but a Microsoft lawyer, John Warden, then said the company wanted an opportunity to ''comment on the form of the proposed decree prior to its entry.''
Competing software companies need Microsoft's cooperation for their programs to run smoothly on Windows.
Many technologists contend that the increasingly ponderous PC-bound operating systems that currently power 750 million computers, products like Microsoft's Windows Vista and Apple's soon-to-be-released Mac OS X Leopard, will fade in importance.
The Aon Corporation, an insurance services company in Chicago, named McCann-Erickson Worldwide Advertising in New York as the first agency to handle worldwide advertising.
Home improvement is a booming business in China, and several home-grown chains have mimicked Home Depot over the last decade, right down to its orange smocks and gritty metal shelves.
In an age when many advertisers seek attention by shocking consumers or by using drama, the straightforwardness of the Oracle ads is striking.
Internal company memos unsealed in whistle-blower case reveal top Warner-Lambert executives approved detailed plan to market epilepsy drug Neurontin for uses not approved by Food and Drug Administration; such marketing is illegal; Warner-Lambert has since been acquired by Pfizer; impending expiration of patent on Neurontin caused Warner executives to reject pursuing lengthy and costly trials to gain approval for drug's use to treat some 14 other medical conditions (M)
I.B.M.
And now the Qwerty lock-in is being referred to in the escalating standoff between the Justice Department and Microsoft, a standoff that has jeopardized tomorrow's scheduled shipment of the company's new Windows 98 to manufacturers.
The Internet equipment maker Cisco Systems reported fourth-quarter earnings yesterday that exceeded analysts' forecasts, citing strong demand for its products from telecommunications service providers and large corporations.
RealNetworks Inc., one of the participants in an antitrust hearing last week concerning the Microsoft Corporation, disproved claims by Microsoft that its Windows operating system depended on the inclusion of its Media Player.
The departing executive, D. Jeffrey Penney, worked in the equities division, the department run by John P. Havens, a longtime Morgan Stanley executive who resigned after a management shake-up by Mr. Purcell.
It was a great time to own a good company in that area of insurance, and it probably helped Citigroup's performance over the period.
Microsoft unveils its long-planned response to Google and Yahoo in Internet search industry, but with uncharacteristically soft-sell approach; debut, taking form of test site, is stark contrast to high-profile introduction Microsoft made of its Internet Explorer browser nine years ago; Microsoft director Adam Sohn says intention is not to compete with Google, but insted to 'delight' its own customers (M)
Intel, of Santa Clara, Calif., has more than 80 percent of the unit sales and 90 percent of the revenues in the market for so-called x86 microprocessors.
''It's a great example of how Wal-Mart can appeal to a wider range of customers.''
Excluding one-time charges and gains, Citigroup said it would have reported profits of $5.34 billion, or $1.02 a share, in the quarter.
Memo Pad column; Air Transport Association says domestic airline industry is expected to earn $4 billion in 2007 and will report earnings of $2 billion to $3 billion for 2006; debt levels remain high; rough estimates of revenue earned for each mile flown by airlines rose average of 8.9 percent on domestic routes in 2006; yields were up 5.9 percent on trans-Atlantic routes; Transportation Department's Bureau of Transportation Statistics says that United States airlines employed 1.6 percent fewer workers in November compared with November 2005; annual Tripadviser.com Travelers Choice survey ranks hotels in multitude of categories, including 100 top luxury hotels; American Airlines relocates to Terminal 2 at Narita International Airport in Japan; Singapore Airlines introduces $360 million initiative to upgrade its cabin (M)
Cooling Consumer Demand for Athletic Shoes Shrinks Nike's Profit
Later, Taesa leased its first jumbo jet, a Boeing 767, which it uses for charters from Mexico City to seven cities in Europe.
Steven B. Lipner, Microsoft's director of security assurance, responded, saying: ''I'd be astonished if the open-source community has in total done as many man-years of computer security code reviews as we have done in the last two months.''
''It reflects that the market's recognition that the capacity is no longer held by one major player, and I think the market knows the difference between competition and a monopoly,'' said Kevin J. Lipson, a lawyer for Southern California Edison.
Year 2000 Suit Against Intuit Is Dismissed
With Disney still under enormous pressure from investors and corporate governance experts to create a succession plan, Comcast could yet benefit from sitting tight and waiting for the trouble to undermine Disney's share price.
A spokeswoman for United Healthcare said yesterday that the deal was still progressing on schedule, but Humana, based in Louisville, Ky., was not so enthusiastic.
Lewis E. Platt, who served as chairman of Boeing during the search and becomes lead director, said yesterday in a conference call: ''He really did change his mind.''
Beginning with its decisions in 1996 and 1997 to promote Internet Explorer exclusively for its PC products, Compaq essentially ceased to distribute or pre-install Navigator at all in exchange for significant financial remuneration from Microsoft.
European Commission threatens to fine Microsoft more than $2 million a day unless it agrees to share more technical information with competitors; warning is latest salvo in commission's increasingly acrimonious dispute with Microsoft over just what company must do to comply with 2004 antitrust ruling by EU; move also points to growing gap between antitrust policies of US and Europe (M)
and the European Union may come to terms, particularly because European companies like Rolls-Royce might be eager to buy the Honeywell aerospace assets that G.E.
Microsoft's stock closed up $2.375, at $65.5625.
In an earnings call with investors and Wall Street analysts, Ivan Seidenberg, Verizon's chief executive, said news of the merger talks was not ''out of the ordinary,'' suggesting that Verizon was neither surprised nor necessarily concerned about the possible union.
Yahoo plans to announce today that it will offer new services directed through a telephone rather than a computer.
Betty Dukes, lead plaintiff in suit charging Wal-Mart with widespread discrimination against women workers, comments on suit and her determination to move up at company; Wal-Mart says it is continuing to review its employment practices; table and graph of job-discrimination cases; photos (M)
Today, Yahoo will move the video search to its home page.
Andrew Pelletier, a spokesman for Wal-Mart Canada, which is based in the Toronto suburb of Mississauga, Ontario, said the store selection was ''generally performance based'' and not focused on union status.
''Anybody who tells you that a flat yield curve is fine or that rising interest rates are good for the banking industry isn't in the same banking industry,'' Sallie Krawcheck, Citigroup's chief financial officer, said in an interview.
Last month, she and a partner began a licensing deal with Target for a line called Swell, which includes rainbow-striped sheets and home furnishings projected to bring in $100 million in its first year.
Aaron Eisel, assistant brand manager for Joy, said that of Procter & Gamble's three dishwashing liquids, Joy was the midpriced brand.
Honeywell makes controls for machines that turn wood into pulp, and has a lot of experience making total-plant control systems for chemical and oil companies.
Still, Mr. Smith and some skeptics in the industry, including Boeing, say they believe that Airbus has staked out shaky ground, positioning the A380 for carrying huge passenger loads over long distances from one congested major airport to another.
They are like an old divorced couple, I.B.M.
And in October 2004, after the chairman expressed an interest in seeing Florida, the lawsuit says Fidelity sent its corporate jet to fly him from San Francisco, where he had been visiting with I.B.M., to its headquarters in Jacksonville.
Many of Nike's problems in recent months can be traced to swollen inventory, caused by a sales slowdown in Asia and waning popularity of some styles.
Today, I am informing you that Bridgestone/ Firestone Inc. is ending its tire supply relationship with the Ford Motor Company.
The cost has been steep: Procter has lost $75 billion in market value since January.
He said that last fall, more than a month after Mr. Curry's arrest, he dropped a plan broached in several letters he wrote to Morgan Stanley that suggested the two work out a broad financial relationship.
In 1954, when Columbus's population was only 19,000, the Cummins Engine Foundation was set up to subsidize architectural design.
Credit Suisse First Boston and Morgan Stanley emerge as Google's choice to lead underwriting of eagerly sought initial public offering (M)
About half of the Wal-Mart employees introduced to the personal sustainability project have agreed to participate, a figure much higher than the company had expected.
The company is now focusing more on consumers who already shop at Wal-Mart, rather than on people who executives would like to shop at its stores.
The court that will next hear the appeal of the government's antitrust case against Microsoft has dealt with some of the company's legal arguments in the past, handing the company its most significant victory before today.
The court's president, Bo Vesterdorf, will decide within a month or two whether Microsoft must change the way it sells software in Europe immediately, or whether the changes demanded by the commission should be postponed for several years until a final ruling is made.
Part of that company's growth comes courtesy of a product expansion that brings Zappos more directly in competition with eBags, Gap and other apparel sellers.
''The deal with Microsoft is a result of that,'' he said, ''and it shows they were right to target the O.E.M.
The European case against Microsoft is ''legally and factually different'' from the case in the United States, Ms. Torres said.
Edward Snyder, a longtime critic of Motorola and the principal of Charter Equity Research, said that it was unlikely that Mr. Zander would have that sort of time.
Then, when the company offered its own case several months later, many of Microsoft's witnesses were humiliated on the stand.
In addition, Commerce Secretary Ronald H. Brown has made the case personally on two trips to Riyadh since September, and Secretary of State Warren Christopher spoke on AT&T's behalf during his own trip there a month ago.
If you visit mobilevideo.logitech.com, you can inspect the current list of public Webcams whose vistas you can pull up on your Verizon cellphone.
In May, amid great fanfare, Bell Atlantic signed a memorandum of understanding with AT&T and General Instrument to build an advanced network that would reach as many as 8.5 million homes in the mid-Atlantic region by the year 2000.
(I've already found problems some techne-minded team at Microsoft should address, and not every product advertising its Vista-readiness is really ready.)
CBS executives were so enthusiastic about the results that they agreed to let the first episode run nearly a third longer than most hour-long dramas; to accommodate the extra length, they recruited a single sponsor -- the Warner Brothers film ''The Departed'' -- and ran the show with limited commercials.
FBI seized computer two weeks ago from 17-year-old New Hampshire resident who Los Angeles Police Department says will be charged in connection with attacks on Web site of antidrug organization, DARE America; teenager hacker, who goes by nickname Coolio, is not suspect in last month's attacks on Yahoo, eBay and other major e-commerce Web sites; Coolio, whose real name is not released because he is juvenile, is expected to be arrested next week (S)
The case involves challenges to the assessments from 1998 through 2000 on property owned by Verizon, the Long Island Water Corporation and the New York Water Service Corporation.
Wal-Mart may even take advantage of other retailers' troubles to cut prices more and capture a greater share of the apparel market, some analysts said.
''The business travel industry is certainly in a recovery mode,'' said Matthew Davis, the director of global consulting for American Express.
''The numbers are stunning despite all the gloom and doom around technology,'' said Edward J. Zander, Motorola's chief executive, who said his company had been gaining market share from Samsung, LG and other rivals.
Time Warner's cable systems are strategically appealing to AT&T because they  would give the long-distance carrier a big boost in entering the local telephone business.
William O'Shea, a longtime AT&T executive who is head of worldwide marketing at the Global Information Solutions, will take over as interim president.
For years, the I.B.M.
In December, Johnson & Johnson agreed to buy Guidant in a deal that valued the company's stock at $76 a share.
For the quarter ended July 29, Cisco reported earnings of $796 million, or 11 cents a diluted share, up 32 percent compared with $605 million, or 8 cents a share, for the period a year earlier.
When it came out a few days later, Amazon dismissed the report's conclusions.
Perhaps more worrisome for Wal-Mart in the long term was the performance of its domestic stores, by far the largest division.
When she was denied promotion, Morgan Stanley effectively capped her salary, Mr. Outten said, adding that managing directors in her department are believed to make in excess of $3 million a year.
A year ago, Amazon said its goal for 2002 was to generate a positive cash flow from operations, in contrast to a negative cash flow of $120 million in 2001.
Gary Muto, a 17-year veteran of Gap, who was named president of the Forth & Towne brand in April, said in an interview that Gap holds 8 percent of the apparel market for shoppers under 35, compared with 3 percent for shoppers over 35.
But on a fourth major issue, one on which an appeals court had previously reversed him and ruled in Microsoft's favor, the judge was unyielding.
This activity has not gone unnoticed at Boeing.
CNN says appearance on camera of sponsor's product in Feb 3 segment of American Morning news show was accidental and unintentional; glimpse of package of Total cereal made by General Mills opens network to complaints about blurring lines between advertising and editorial content; photo (M)
Mr. Maffei led a team of five Microsoft executives who appeared before a group of 40 venture capitalists, one of whom stood and asked the question that seemed to be on the minds of many of his peers: ''How do I invest in a company that stays out of the way of the steamroller?''
TNS Gallop AdFact, ad tracking agency in Moscow, reports that Chevron of US, Statoil and Hydro of Norway and Total of France, all of whom are in talks with Gazprom to join consortium to develop Shtokman offshore gas deposit, have run at least 33 television ads on Gazprom's NTV and 86 print ads in Moscow during time of negotiations; says only Conoco has not run ads; Chevron says timing was coincidental; Total says ads were unrelated to Shtokman; Statoil says such ads are normal (M)
Kodak Plans More Job Cuts But Posts Profit for Quarter
A California jury ruled on Thursday in favor of I.B.M.
Microsoft sought to emphasize that the request, which was reported yesterday in The Wall Street Journal, was received in January as the Clinton administration was winding down.
As with Apple Computer's popular Dashboard feature, the idea is that it will be simple for programmers to extend the reach of Google Desktop by adding custom applications, known as live content panels.
At Pfizer, two divisions are naming agencies.
AT&T and Verizon Communications, the nation's largest phone companies, erased some doubts about their health yesterday as they reported better-than-expected sales for the fourth quarter that were bolstered by continued demand for their wireless and broadband services.
Not only was sales growth big at Wal-Mart, it was broad.
Investment bankers at some big Wall Street firms helped create and find investors for complex partnerships that Enron Corp used to mask its true financial condition; then they started helping other companies in same way; bankers at Citigroup, Credit Suisse First Boston and Deutsche Banc Alex Brown found ways for Enron to remove lagging assets from its balance sheet by selling bonds backed by Enron's stock; Credit Suisse First Boston managed similar transactions for few other clients in energy and utility sectors; among companies that have created partnerships with structures similar to some used by Enron are El Paso Corp, Williams Companies and TXU Corp; in document created at Citigroup as part of presentation of stock-backed partnership structure, one benefit is described as removing 'certain items from plain view, thus enhancing appearance of balance sheet'; among accounting benefits presentation document listed was 'minimal footnote disclosure'; Citigroup official says bank chose not to market that structure to its clients; bankers worked with Enron to arragne partnerships, which made company appear more profitable than it was; chart (M)
In a statement issued this afternoon, Intel said the suit was ''based upon a mistaken interpretation of the law and the facts,'' adding, ''The commission apparently questions whether Intel has the legal right to assert its intellectual property rights as a defense to an attack on its core microprocessor business.''
''Take Yahoo Mail, with 200 million users.
A jury in Memphis said yesterday that Medtronic's spinal products subsidiary should pay $400 million in punitive damages for violating agreements covering its use of surgical products invented by Dr. Gary K. Michelson.
Shares of Boeing surged nearly 10 percent yesterday, rising 87.5 cents, to $91.25, on the New York Stock Exchange.
Titan shareholders may also opt for an equivalent amount of Lockheed Martin common stock or a combination of cash and stock.
Florida started the trend in 2001 when it allowed Pfizer to provide the services and later negotiated similar deals with Bristol-Myers Squibb and GlaxoSmithKline.
Charles Joseph Luethke, self-styled whistle-blower whose dealings with Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co put them both under criminal investigation, has had previous tussle with corporate America; Luethke conducted extened letter-writing campaign three years ago to put pressure on Edgar Bronfman Jr, chief executive of Seagram Co, and other sponsors of Bronx Gauchos amateur basketball club; he called on corporate backers to exclude Lou d'Almeida, club's founder, from active role in managing Gauchos, well-known amateur club that has produced several National Basketball Association stars; amid swirl of charges that never led to any indictments, d'Almeida stepped down from his executive role in basketball club two years ago; lawyers involved in both cases say conflict about Gauchos has some parallels to Luethke's dealings with Morgan Stanley; in both, Luethke parlayed initial presentations as do-gooder exposing wrongdoing into what corporations would later view as extortion; Luethke denies trying to extort money; Luethke, who has no full-time employment, first approached Morgan Stanley last year with tip that former analyst Christian L Curry was conspiring to plant fake E-mails on Morgan Stanley's computers to bolster discrimination lawsuit he wanted to file; Luethke took part in police undercover operation that resulted in Curry's arrest; Morgan Stanley quietly paid Luethke $10,000 shortly after arrest; photos (M)
Ruling on Microsoft's request to extend a restraining order, a Seattle judge said Dr. Lee could proceed with helping to create a Google research center in China.
Last month, Citigroup also said that it had suspended more than 1,200 pending foreclosures involving Associates customers after an internal review found ''serious enough problems in the way the loan was originated.''
The News Corporation has since put in place a provision that precludes Mr. Malone from controlling more than 18 percent of the votes.
Nearly four years after creating the world's largest financial services company by bringing together huge insurance, banking and brokerage businesses, Sanford I. Weill, the chief executive of Citigroup, said yesterday that he was jettisoning most of Travelers Insurance.
Technology Briefing
It may have a take-no-prisoners corporate culture and an antagonism toward Washington but, as any accomplished capitalist, the Microsoft Corporation is ultimately guided by the pure logic of business.
Newmark & Company was a subleasing agent representing Hasbro, the previous tenant, not the owner.
News Corporation and MCI plan to start a direct-broadcast satellite service called American Sky Broadcasting, or A Sky B.
Northrop Grumman and General Dynamics do not really compete in the traditional sense, officials say, but share the billions that Congress gives them to build ships, along with benefits like the power to put off paying federal taxes on the profits.
If, for example, AT&T received $8.5 billion in cash and stock from AOL, about $8.3 billion would end up with Comcast; about $200 million would remain with AT&T.
Because of the Marriott's pivotal location, many of the arriving fire companies ended up in its lobby, although few, if any, had been sent there.
Mark Wolfe, a spokesman for Johnson & Johnson, said the company believed the cause was a chemical reaction between rubber stoppers used in prefilled syringes and the new stabilizer that replaced the human albumin.
A former Bank of America broker who was acquitted last month on 29 of 33 criminal charges tied to improper trading of mutual funds, faces a retrial on the four counts on which jurors could not agree, lawyers in the case said yesterday.
''Doug wants to spend some time getting familiar with the new job before he chooses a new president,'' said James B. Williams, chairman of Suntrust Banks Inc. and chairman of the Coca-Cola board's finance committee.
But when Corning almost hit bottom, it was Mr. Houghton, not Mr.
Yahoo has also been working with academics, nongovernmental organizations and others to create a set of principles to protect freedom of expression, he said.
In response, Wal-Mart has issued a flurry of announcements intended to burnish its image, among them expanding its health insurance to more employees and investing in businesses owned by women.
Pfizer has lost almost $35 billion in market value since it disclosed the results of the study on Friday morning.
Shares of Boeing fell 94 cents, to $31.06 yesterday.
So Comcast subcontracted the duties to @Home, paying it a third of the monthly fees from broadband customers.
Seeking to further benefit from India's growing prominence in high-technology industries, Cisco Systems Inc., the leading maker of computer equipment for the Internet, said it would invest $150 million over the next two years to expand its Indian research and development operations in Bangalore, making them Cisco's largest outside of the United States.
''Over all, the fact they're building inventories means Intel executives are thinking sales will be strong in the second half,'' Mr. Walia said.
The EasyShare P880 from Kodak, which is expected to cost $600 when it is released next month, zooms as wide as a 24-millimeter lens on a film camera, or 32 percent more than a 35-millimeter lens.
''It's good for Time Warner, it's good for Disney and it's good for our customers,'' said Ed Adler, a Time Warner spokesman.
Jason Reindorp, marketing director for Zune at Microsoft, said Mr. Jobs's call for unrestricted music sales was ''irresponsible, or at the very least naïve,'' adding, ''It's like he's on top of the mountain making pronouncements, while we're here on the ground working with the industry to make it happen.''
As part of the shuffling, Cisco announced that Kevin J. Kennedy, senior vice president for the service provider division, had resigned ''to pursue external opportunities'' but would continue as an adviser.
Qwest has tried several times since February to persuade MCI to abandon its agreement with Verizon, and it has waged a public campaign to win over MCI shareholders.
AOL Time Warner and Microsoft still compete in the online business -- though Microsoft's MSN is a distant second to AOL.
Citigroup is doing well in the smaller business of issuing cards on behalf of merchants, he said.
But the suit contends that letter was written a year later and backdated -- and that at the time the Pfizer trial took place, the hospital had neither an ethics committee nor the letterhead on which that letter was written.
The underwriters of the Chipotle offering, led by Morgan Stanley, set a price of $22 a share, for 7.9 million shares.
And so it has proposed raising Macintosh license fees as much as tenfold, in an attempt to slow the clones' erosion of Apple's own sales.
European Court Upholds Veto of G.E.-Honeywell Deal
Yahoo is now designing portals for SBC's IP television service and mobile phone service.
If upheld on appeal, it would leave Microsoft with a regulator in Europe standing over its shoulder, scrutinizing what it puts into future generations of Windows and what it leaves out.
But while Apple was able to monopolize the music-player category quickly after it introduced the iPod in 2001, its challenge with a phone would be far more difficult.
Founded as a French-German joint venture in 1970 that soon added the British and the Spanish, Airbus was a quixotic attempt to compete with the American aerospace industry, which had been dominated since World War II by Boeing, McDonnell Douglas and Lockheed.
Mr. Stein, who is also resigning from Mattel's board, has been both friend and rival to Ms. Barad for two decades.
Exxon Mobil and Pertamina said oil could begin flowing from Cepu by late 2008.
Mr. Sinofsky, 41, who joined Microsoft in 1989, is the senior vice president for the Windows and Windows Live engineering group, a position he assumed a year ago after running the company's Office team of programmers.
Lego, toy company, reportedly plans to replace virtually all of its Hewlett-Packard computer systems by end of year with broad suite of hardware, software and services from IBM; centerpiece of deal is accord that lets Lego pay IBM based on amount of computing power it is using (M)
Xerox increased its equipment revenues and earnings through the use of special reserves and other methods that violated generally accepted accounting principles, the commission said.
Last month, the Supreme Court decided not to review an appeals court decision that temporary Microsoft workers must receive the same retirement benefits, including discounted stock, as regular employees.
Omnicom Group in New York hires Robert Riesenberg, specialist in so-called branded entertainment programming, from Interpublic Group of Companies (S)
''It has been very difficult for Pfizer to develop drugs,'' said Michael Krensavage, an analyst at Raymond James.
Now AT&T Bell Laboratories has patented a magnetic tape that wraps around optical fiber cable before it is buried so the lines can be easily found later.
The company's shareholder meeting came just one day after Mr. Amelio instituted a wide corporate reorganization in which he moved aside Ellen Hancock, the company's chief technology officer, and elevated Guerrino De Luca, previously head of Apple's Claris unit, to lead the company's global marketing group.
In a related case that is still pending, the Ticketmaster Corporation in April sued the Microsoft Corporation in Federal court in California.
Because of the hurricanes, Exxon said that its average oil and natural gas production fell 4.7 percent in the quarter.
Alice S. Marriott, 92, Matriarch of Hotel Family
Motorola's pricing on the new higher-performance 604E runs from $395 for a 250-megahertz chip to $695 for a 350-megahertz chip.
The language of Apple's statement, coupled with the simultaneous resignation from the board of Fred D. Anderson, the company's former chief financial officer, led analysts to believe that Apple and Mr. Jobs were attempting to distance themselves from any blame in the case.
During an earnings conference last month, however, the chief of investor relations at Johnson & Johnson, Helen E. Short, said recent negative publicity about the drug had modestly diminished sales.
MSNBC's latest, failed effort to reinvigorate itself -- the latest of many -- is serious business at NBC, and at General Electric, which expects its businesses to be first or second in their categories.
Over the weekend, Robert J. Herbold, the chief operating officer of Microsoft, and James L. Barksdale, the former president of Netscape Communications, appeared on television, radio and in newspapers, commenting from opposite sides of the Microsoft antitrust case.
(The News runs Mr. O'Reilly's syndicated column on its editorial page.)
The budget is the largest ever for a new product line from Clairol, which Bristol-Myers Squibb has agreed to sell to Procter & Gamble.
Many of Alltel's subscribers are in rural areas and smaller cities, which complements the largely urban customers that Verizon Wireless serves.
Oracle said last week that it would fight the Justice Department's lawsuit, and hired Daniel M. Wall, a lawyer with Latham & Watkins, to defend the company.
93-356, and U.S. v. A.T.& T., No.
The Marriott family was also growing -- J. W. Jr. was born in 1932, and Richard followed in 1939.
In taking control of the venture, AT&T would be able to streamline operations and run the business more coherently.
Officials at Yahoo said they had heard about the letter but had not responded because they had never received a copy.
If Windstream suffers the same fate, Verizon could find it harder to get a good price for any local phone lines it tries to sell.
The complaint adds that Microsoft's system for warning the public of security problems is so confusing and technically complex that it is of little use to the ordinary computer user.
''But getting involved with Microsoft surely will raise its profile, which outside of Europe is actually small.''
''Hewlett-Packard is definitely coming into the Xerox market,'' Ms. Carone said.
''A year that began with economic decline ended on a note of stability,'' Andy D. Bryant, Intel's chief financial officer, said in a conference call with analysts.
In a move that could help preserve its lucrative monopoly on an important anemia drug, Amgen has reached an agreement that will make it the sole supplier of the drug to one of the nation's two main operators of kidney dialysis centers.
About 100 protesters marched at Adobe's headquarters in San Jose today, and protests were held in several other cities.
At a ceremony in New York, Colgate-Palmolive was awarded the Grand Edison New Product Marketer of the Year award for the introductions of 10 products including the hot-selling Colgate Total toothpaste.
''We may end up being I.B.M.
The General Motors Corporation agreed today to buy the Bank of New York's commercial lending unit for $1.8 billion as the auto maker diversified its holdings and the bank continued to specialize its operations.
Yahoo said it had more than 145 million unique visitors in March, up from 60 million a year earlier.
The three largest advertising companies -- Omnicom, Interpublic and WPP -- have spent tens of millions of dollars to buy or invest in companies like Scirex that perform clinical trials of experimental drugs.
Merck has denied the accusations and noted that it had not received a formal complaint from government lawyers.
ALLIANCE NEWS LIFTS AKAMAI
Mr. Amelio said he had made real progress in addressing what he described as the company's five crises: lack of cash; declining quality; a failed operating system development project; Apple's chaotic culture, and a fragmented strategy.
The sale ends a 10-year struggle by Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation to make TV Guide pay off after an ambitious acquisition spree had put the company heavily into debt.
"It is not credible that staff would have formed a recommendation at a time when we are working very closely with them to present the merits of our case, " said James Rill, a lawyer with Howrey, Simon, Arnold & White, who is representing Oracle.
Micron Electronics will contribute $70 million to Gores toward working capital and could share in the profit if Gores sells Micron PC within three years.
THE MEDIA BUSINESS: ADVERTISING  Correction:  February 27, 2001, Tuesday  The Advertising column in Business Day on Friday, about a campaign for Oracle software, misstated the affiliation of Dave Tutin at the agency handling the account.
That message, spelled out on Wednesday and again today by Microsoft executives as part of an annual two-day financial and technical briefing for reporters and analysts, comes as the software giant is mounting its most aggressive campaign yet to move beyond desktop PC's by aiming software at the business-network market and the world of digital television.
executive testified today that the Microsoft Corporation had repeatedly raised the prices it charged the International Business Machines Corporation for its Windows operating system and had enforced other onerous licensing terms in retaliation for I.B.M.
Another drug company, Bristol-Myers Squibb, suffered a 3 percent drop in its stock yesterday after its earnings fell short of Wall Street forecasts and it reported that the excess inventories of its products at wholesalers were higher than it had estimated.
''The price is low,'' said Joyce Oberdorf, a spokeswoman for Aetna.
While the company would not comment on the lawsuits, Microsoft ''expressly prohibits discrimination,'' Ms. Willingham said.
Mr. Pilat said that if Whole Foods shoppers ask about Chilean sea bass in general, the clerks have been instructed to tell them to be sure that any they buy in other shops or in restaurants has been certified.
''AOL and Time Warner have tremendous critical mass in the United States and, through AOL and Compuserve, in Europe as well,'' said Michael J. Wolf, the partner in charge of the media practice at Booz, Allen & Hamilton, the New York-based consultancy.
The Internet company Yahoo agreed to buy 15 percent of Zed, a content provider for mobile phones and other wireless devices that is owned by the Sonera Corporation, a Finnish mobile phone company.
Microsoft Urges Users to Install a Patch to a Software Flaw
Corning's fiber optic components operations had revenue of about $450 million last year.
A remedy that would simply constrain Microsoft's behavior while keeping the company intact would be ''more palatable at the appeals level and maybe easier to implement,'' one official said.
Morgan Stanley Gets a Lesson On Lawyers And the Law
THE Campbell Soup Company is trying to come out of its can.
Obstacle Is Cleared For AT&T
Allergan Makes a Bid for Implant Maker
The question is whether Boeing and Airbus will ever get to that point.
But like most other American media companies, Time Warner has not been able to make deep inroads in the country because of hazards ranging from piracy to onerous regulations and political pressure.
A spokeswoman for Exxon Mobil declined to comment, saying that the company had not had time to review the decision.
The subpoenas, which are so sweeping in scope that they could delay the scheduled Sept. 23 start of the trial, were served last Friday on the International Business Machines Corporation, the Netscape Communications Corporation, Novell Inc., the Oracle Corporation and Sun Microsystems Inc.
With its sleek silver design, exquisitely precise cursor control, programmable control buttons and glowing red tail and belly lights, this is the ''think different'' mouse that Apple should have invented, instead of the feeble little puck that has earned the scorn of most serious Mac users.
In the I.B.M.
The new round of cuts is intended to reduce management in a bid to trim A.T.& T.'s bureaucracy.
One is Leo Burnett Worldwide in Chicago, which created ads for Minute Maid juices and juice drinks and seasonal ads for Coca-Cola Classic.
Sony BMG Music Entertainment, which struck the deal with Starbucks, also plans to release ''The Bootleg Series Volume 7: No Direction Home'' on Columbia/Legacy Recordings.
Staples led with $60.4 million for the 1998 period, followed by Office Depot at $55.6 million and Officemax at $46.5 million.
The AT&T-Novell service "will really give a boost to electronic commerce by making it a whole lot easier for companies to get on the highway, make it easier for them to navigate the highway -- all by using the networking protocols and interfaces they're used to using today," she said.
The Microsoft Abacus Smart Watch can, and it has a few other tricks as well.
The price, he said, is more than four times the unit's $1.2 billion annual revenue, a greater multiple than I.B.M.
I.B.M.
Though he says General Mills is going to have to do a lot to convince Wall Street that this is a good deal, he believes the company is moving aggressively to build a giant food portfolio after more than a decade of trying to slim down and get out of restaurant and non-food businesses.
State Attorneys General said their suit would ask that Microsoft be prohibited from requiring computer manufacturers to install its Web browser and from requiring them to set up their machines so that Microsoft's default desktop comes up on the screen when the machine is started.
Microsoft had previously resisted efforts to open a dialogue even with ''white hat'' hackers like those in attendance here -- computer security researchers who expose vulnerabilities but do not exploit them, and who have frequently been bitterly critical of Microsoft as indifferent to security.
Yet, it is not certain that Apple could survive such radical surgery.
Mr. Raymond, who is 66, has spent the past 42 years at Exxon.
In the agreement, announced earlier this week, Fox will replace ABC News as the sole provider of broadcast news material for Clear Channel stations.
Can the Cintas approach work across all those businesses?
''This is not a business for Intel to be in,'' said Howard Anderson, managing director of the Yankee Group, a research company in Boston.
And eight companies, including General Electric, General Motors and Exxon Mobil, made no mention of climate change in filings last year with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Excerpts from internal Ford Motor Co memorandum dated March 12, 1999, referring to concerns about possibility of tire recall in Saudi Arabia
Yahoo says profit doubled in first quarter; earned $205 million, up from $101 million year earlier; total revenue was $1.17 billion, up 55 percent from year ago; advertising revenue was $672 million, up 50 percent (M)
Chevron formed the joint venture with Kazakstan's Government in 1993, each owning 50 percent.
Humana, based in Louisville, Ky., took over the enormous military dependents' contract, which generates gross annual revenues of $2.4 billion, last September.
With that, Time Warner, already the largest media company in the world, can stop scrounging for miscellaneous parts of its far-flung holdings to sell and begin looking for opportunities to grow again.
McDonald's Plans Slowed By New Chief's Surgery
Automobile makers brace for slump in 2003 in wake of booming sales of recent years; fear market saturation; foreign automakers continue to push more vehicles into United States; General Motors, Ford Motor and DaimlerChrysler face higher operating expenses in addition to probable fall in sales; photo (M)
She added: ''It's been clear to us that the present leadership team at Wal-Mart recognizes that it cannot go on as it did in its first few decades, and that it is now a global company that sees and understands somewhat more clearly the expectations of stakeholders.''
Cisco Systems reports fiscal second-quarter earnings that nearly double Wall Street's expectations; reports profit of $660 million for period ended Jan 26, compared with profit of $874 million year earlier; revenue was $4.8 billion, 8 percent increase from $4.4 billion in first quarter; sales were $6.7 billion in year-earlier quarter; chief executive John T Chambers comments; photo (M)
Specifically, a buyer of a Microsoft product who bombards P.S.S.
Xerox Debt Is Worrisome To Traders
Like Logitech's Elite model, Microsoft's Wireless Multimedia keyboard ($84.95 with a wireless optical mouse) has media-player controls, special buttons and dual F-key functions, but it is nearly two inches shorter.
Some analysts say Akamai overstates the distinctions between content distribution  and caching, which they say is also a big part of Akamai's service.
In a conference call with analysts, John R. Joyce, I.B.M.
Interpublic fought hard to keep Bank of America, which is one of its largest clients along with General Motors, Intel, Microsoft, Nestlé and Unilever.
By proposing to separate Microsoft's Windows operating system business from its Office applications software business, the government hopes to unleash personal computer makers to pursue new business strategies and relationships that Microsoft has opposed.
Excluding results from discontinued operations and $1.1 billion in after-tax charges for plant closings and other actions that Motorola termed unusual events, the company lost 4 cents a share in the quarter.
News Corporation stock fell 18 cents yesterday, to close at $18; Liberty stock rose 10 cents, to $10.35.
The offer by Express Scripts is a throwback to the 1980's in two ways: it is a rare hostile bid that could spark a fierce bidding war, and it relies heavily on debt, some $14 billion.
MovieLink, the planned joint venture by five major Hollywood studios to rent movies over the Internet, has chosen I.B.M.
And yet, as Kodak points out, H.P.
Prof. Michael Cusumano at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, co-author of ''Microsoft Secrets,'' said there was already a lively market for makers of Windows development tools.
This time, according to Harold W. Burlingame, AT&T's  senior vice president for human resources, the company expects the percentage of people choosing the buyout to be lower.
Cisco told investors that it expected its revenue to increase 10 percent to 12 percent in the current quarter from the third quarter of last year.
Yahoo says about one third of its shareholders voted against re-election of one or more company directors; vote against some directors had been recommended by three Wall Street advisory firms who complained about what they described as excessive executive pay; Yahoo shareholders reject approximately 2-to-1 proposal that would have tied executive compensation to competitive performance; also reject proposals to establish committee to oversee Yahoo's human rights practices and to require company to fight censorship and protect freedom of access to Internet in countries with repressive regimes (M)
Before coming to Microsoft, he was an executive at Waggener Edstrom, Microsoft's longtime public relations firm.
Time Warner to Publish Martin Luther King's Works
A spokeswoman for Oracle, based in Redwood City, declined to comment.
The technology workers' alliance is highlighting I.B.M.
Last November, Microsoft said it would indemnify users against intellectual property suits.
Donald L. Evans, the commerce secretary, and Elaine L. Chao, the secretary of labor, met with top executives of the Big Three automakers -- General Motors, Ford Motor and the Chrysler Group -- which had already lost market share this year to foreign manufacturers before the terrorist attacks last week on New York and Washington.
Plunk down $50 million or so, and you've got yourself a Boeing Business Jet.
Southwest Airlines Flight 741 took off for Chicago a minute before 7 o'clock Sunday morning, inaugurating a critical city for Southwest, the nation's largest low-fare carrier, and setting off a flashpoint for the brutally competitive airline industry.
The chairman of the News Corporation, Rupert Murdoch, may be telling investors and the media that his relationship with his counterpart at Liberty Media, John C. Malone, is friendly, as he did yesterday at an annual meeting.
Paul Sagawa, an analyst with Sanford C. Bernstein, said Cisco had improved its profits through markedly better gross margins, not a rise in demand for Cisco's products.
It is a character trait that did not go unnoticed by Time Warner's chairman and chief executive, Gerald M. Levin, who had shed his own tie before yesterday's news conference announcing the deal and took a certain relish in welcoming the ''suits from Virginia,'' where America Online is based.
The bulk of the settlement, $372 million, will go to buy out two of the worst performing limited partnerships, which own about 120 Courtyard by Marriott hotels.
Mattel Inc warns third-quarter profit will fall by up to 55 percent because of sharply lower revenue at recently acquired Learning Co division; Mattel shares tumble on news; announcement raises anew questions about future of chairman and chief executive Jill E Barad (M)
Amgen's stock, which traded over $70 briefly last summer, closed yesterday at $53.98.
Citigroup shares closed yesterday at $50.05, down 10 cents.
It is not about Wal-Mart.
Social issues are pulling Wal-Mart Stores in differing directions; company's management broadcast two-part message to its one million employees over television monitors in stores after Federal Judge Martin J Jenkins ruled last week that lawsuit charging retail chain with discrimination against women could proceed as class action covering about 1.65 million current and former employees; employees were told that ruling means there was no finding of guilt and it was all about class, but company plans to appeal; second part of message said that when lawsuit is over, company will be better place; Wal-Mart's plans for future appear uncertain; on one hand, it bans certain magazines from its stores, fights matters ranging from shareholder proposals to federal lawsuits, and justifies strategies by quoting long-dead founder Samuel L Walton in obsolete manner of Chinese quoting Chairman Mao; on other hand, in last year, Wal-Mart created office of diversity, announced it would protect gay workers from workplace discrimination, and pledged to promote women in same proportion that they apply for management jobs, promising to penalize senior executives if that does not come to pass; photos (M)
The SCO Group, a small Utah company, has accused I.B.M.
The AT&T Corporation is close to forming a wide-ranging partnership with the Microsoft Corporation as part of an intricate web of deals that also would make AT&T the winner in the battle against the Comcast Corporation for Mediaone Group Inc., the big cable television company, executives close to the negotiations said last night.
Those bonds are now the subject of a legal dispute, but Citigroup's special securities appear to have provided substantial protection.
''We're going to start building security architecture into our chips, and this is the first step,'' said Pat Gelsinger, Intel vice president and general manager of desktop products.
The commercial is a paean to achievement, audaciously comparing Apple to world-changing individuals as disparate as Albert Einstein, Bob Dylan, the Rev.
On a day when news from Washington dominated the market, banks and energy stocks were hurt by the latest revelations regarding the Enron investigation, with officials of Citigroup and J. P. Morgan Chase defending their banks at a Senate hearing against accusations they had helped Enron cover up the extent of its debt.
It is in a battle with Comcast, Cox, Time Warner Cable and other cable providers that are offering competing phone and broadband Internet services along with their television programming -- all on BellSouth's turf.
''We are bearish on banks over all,'' Mr. Mayo said, adding that Citigroup was confronting a wider range of problems than most banks.
Two years later, as reports of heart injuries and deaths mounted, Johnson & Johnson continued defending the safety of Propulsid, but then pulled it from the market before a government hearing threatened to draw attention to the drug's long, largely hidden, record of trouble.
says, promises to deliver improved security and cost savings of up to 50 percent over the Microsoft desktop suites.
Verizon and SBC Communications have backed out of bidding for Worldcom Inc amid concerns that WorldCom's core long-distance businesses face continued difficulties; telecommunications experts say Verizon and SBC may have also been scared by WorldCom's accounting practices; some investors and analysts have worried that WorldCom has used aggressive accounting techniques in past, particularly in reporting revenue; WorldCom spokesman Brad Burns says company does not have accounting issues; shares have lost about 50 percent of their value since Jan 1, closing at $6.97, down $1.16; graph (Market Place column) (M)
Pfizer, though, has little choice but to continue seeking partnerships with smaller biotechnology and drug companies, said David Risinger, a Merrill Lynch analyst.
Microsoft's competitors, industry analysts say, can often move more quickly because they can bring new technologies to the marketplace over the Web, while Microsoft's business strategy has been to try to bundle most of its innovations into its flagship product, Windows.
Microsoft Memo Offers A Glimpse Of Gates 2.0
Last week, Microsoft agreed to support the e-Mexico project, a government initiative to bring Internet access within reach of 9 of 10 Mexicans by the end of the six-year presidential term of Vicente Fox.
Newspapers and financial magazines abound with retirement advice, as do the Internet sites of reputable financial institutions like American Express, Fidelity Investments, Charles Schwab, Morgan Stanley, T. Rowe Price and the Vanguard Group.
Perhaps the only certainty is that the I.B.M.-Microsoft rivalry will not end any time soon.
Mr. Leonard said clauses in earlier contracts with Boeing for those 717's helped sway the decision toward Boeing on the latest order.
''Lenovo needed something relatively quickly,'' said Andrew D. Carney, an associate director for Grubb & Ellis in Stamford, Conn., the commercial real estate broker representing I.B.M., which is based in Armonk, and the Lenovo Group.
Mr. Whitworth's ascension to the Mattel board could stir up the close-knit directors.
People close to Mr. Rubin said he called Mr. Fisher in part because Citigroup was a large creditor of Enron and was working for the energy company in an investment banking capacity.
Bridgestone Corp says fiscal year profit dropped 80 percent as result of sweeping recall of Firestone tires in US; General Motors Corp plans to replace Firestone tires on some 2002 Cadillacs and other vehicles with Bridgestone tires; Bridgestone reports earnings of 17.7 billion yen ($152 million) compared with 88.69 billion yen ($761 million) in 1999; sales fell 4 percent, to 2.01 trillion yen ($17.27 billion); company took one-time charge of 81.4 billion yen ($699 million) for recall at its US subsidiary (S)
Though some analysts said I.B.M.
Bank of America plans to leave two businesses: auto leasing, which has been hurt by declining prices for used cars, and mortgage lending to borrowers with poor credit histories, known as subprime lending, which has been hurt by weakness in economy that has led to rising delinqencies (M)
each day,'' says David Marshak, senior product manager for collaboration at I.B.M.
Northrop Grumman's initial offer of $47 a share made in March was rejected by TRW.
The Iridium network is controlled by the Satellite Network Operations Center, in Landsdowne, which is operated by Motorola.
Studies have shown that about 30 million American men suffer from impotence, a disorder that Pfizer has successfully educated the public to call the less-stigmatized erectile dysfunction.
Comment on interior design of Union Pacific Restaurant in Manhattan, which will open in July, that will give diners feeling of spaciousness; drawing (S)
Dr. Cawkwell said Pfizer wanted to give the results first to investigators in the trial, which it did a couple of months ago.
Microsoft and Verizon in D.S.L.
Article on various new styles of hard drives; says Americans spent $600 million on external hard drives in 2006, increase of 53 percent over 2005; holds average price for external hard drive fell to $141 last year, from $197 in 2003, while amount of storage space on drives doubled; new hard drives by Seagate, Hewlett-Packard, and LaCie discussed; photos (L)
Yet David M. Garrity, a financial analyst with Caris & Company, an investment firm in New York, said eBay might be facing a more serious problem than a compressed holiday season.
Mr. Joyce said that I.B.M.
The newly discovered damage to the jackscrew was found on one Alaska Airlines plane in Portland, Ore., and another in Seattle.
When a videotape demonstration that Microsoft presented two months ago at its antitrust trial proved embarrassing, he was summoned overnight to set things right.
But lawyers representing women with claims against Dow Corning said they were unhappy with the offer because, among other things, the women would not receive enough money and because those who decided to opt out of the settlement might have to wait years to see their day in court.
filed civil allegations of fraudulent accounting against Xerox last year, and the company, without admitting or denying the allegations, chose to accept an injunction against further violations and pay a $10 million fine.
Verizon May Spin Off Its Directories Unit
Intel took a hard line on Wednesday in a festering trade dispute with the Chinese government, declaring it would not meet China's June 1 deadline for adhering to its proposed new standard for wireless computing.
Last year was a difficult one for Intel.
Its software security leaders, including Mr. Howard and Doug Bayer, the director of the Windows Security Group, say that Microsoft was forced to re-evaluate its security position in a fundamental way after its software was struck last year by two malicious computer worms, named Code Red and Nimbda.
No one at the hearing named Johnson & Johnson directly, but the company does not deny the existence of such contracts.
Kimball Brown, an analyst with Dataquest, said that Apple now had a viable strategy to manage the Macintosh business to generate cash that could spawn a new growth engine, like a low-cost Internet and game appliance.
Microsoft Programmers Hit the Books in a New Focus on Secure Software
Technology Briefing
He has waged a private battle against Morgan Stanley for months.
AT&T netted more than $3 billion in placing the shares with Wall Street firms, the first step in its plan to divide into three companies.
Reflecting the continued weakness in technology spending and shifts in its mix of businesses, I.B.M.
The commission contends that he acted wrongly in signing off on the Xerox audits even after he voiced concerns.
Johnson & Johnson made some manufacturing changes at the Puerto Rico plant in 1997 and in 1998 stopped using human blood protein as a stabilizer in the vials.
''Any succession planning is up to the board of News Corporation to do what they think is best for all the shareholders.''
EBay was hired to create the service by a consortium of major advertisers like Hewlett-Packard, Intel and Home Depot.
Kodak's shares soared $8.75, or nearly 12 percent, to $82.50, as analysts pushed up their earnings estimates for all of 1998 and 1999.
Raytheon shares fell 5.4 percent, to $38.75, yesterday as investors signaled their opposition.
Pepsi, Coke's rival, has responded similarly to a Wal-Mart product request.
Microsoft's legal department could keep a travel agent fully occupied these days.
Microsoft Pushing To Alter Standard For Digital TV
Shares of Dow and DuPont traded somewhat erratically at the time, though neither company disclosed the approach.
Time Warner Cable and MSG Networks verbally spar over Time Warner's loss of MSG and Fox Sports New York Networks (S)
And, it conceded that full-year earnings were unlikely to attain the $4.50 a share Kodak earned in 1996.
Motorola and Symbol Technologies, for example, are both part of a consortium that has extensive patents covering numerous basic transactional functions -- using bar codes (they call their information-rich version scanlets) to purchase an item through a specific retailer, for example -- and is threatening to use the courts to block others from introducing competing systems.
Monsanto is also developing Roundup Ready wheat, alfalfa and grass for use largely on golf courses.
''Microsoft has got it in their head that if they tell everyone what they're doing with their data, it's O.K.,'' said Marc Rotenberg, director of the Electronic Privacy Information Center, a public interest group.
Mr. Smith argues that despite policy statements published on both the Amazon and Alexa Web sites, most users are not fully aware of the nature of the information being sent to the Alexa Web servers.
''We intend to take significant amounts of cost out of the cost of goods sold,'' said Daniel A. Carp, Kodak's president.
America Online's interests appeared to reflect Time Warner's.
While Wall Street responded to the NorthPoint transaction by pushing down Verizon shares nearly 14 percent because of its likely impact on earnings, union negotiators questioned how the deal would affect their concerns about subcontractors and the ability of union members to get jobs in fast-growing areas of the industry like Internet access.
Mr. Schwartz argues that besides having lower licensing fees than Microsoft, the open-source alternative based around Linux and Sun's own StarOffice program will also offer other indirect cost savings.
Ford Motor Co says it will reduce employment by a third, or 1,300 workers, at its Halewood assembly plant near Liverpool, which makes its European Escort models; says it will produce fewer Escorts at plant through 1999, then possibly begin building new multipurpose vehicle there in 2000; company's move is meant to stem losses in European operations caused by excess production capacity and weak sales; some of plant's output, now 800 Escorts daily, will be shifted to factories in Germany and Spain (M)
But he did say that Yahoo had many opportunities to promote video programming on its vast service.
Mr. Chajet said General Motors could also ''take a leadership role in energy-efficient vehicles, which would do wonders for its corporate image.''
Now it's right there next to the new book on Amazon.''
Bristol-Myers Squibb will pay $150 million to settle Securities and Exchange Commission accusations that company improperly inflated its sales and earnings in series of accounting frauds; SEC says it will still pursue inquiry that could result in civil fraud charges against individuals; settlement does not resolve Justice Department criminal probe into same accounting practices that could bring criminal charges against Bristol-Myers or its employees; company agrees to SEC settlement without admitting or denying any liability (M)
I.B.M.
The Government contends that Microsoft's practices effectively limited Netscape's access to mainstream channels of distribution where most people obtain their browsing software -- from computer makers who load it onto new PC's and from Internet service providers.
General Motors shares, which have risen 32 percent this year, fell $1.05 each on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday, closing at $65.99.
In a statement yesterday, Abbott Laboratories said Public Citizen's petition had ''unnecessarily alarmed and misled patients.''
But, underscoring how crucial the new campaign is to Microsoft's strategy for growth, Bill Gates, the chairman, is scheduled to speak to thousands of software developers in San Francisco, and Steven A. Ballmer, the chief executive, will speak to thousands more in Chicago.
If the court chooses the government's narrow definition -- the most sophisticated software used by the largest corporations -- the Justice Department could still prevail, regardless of Microsoft's potential for growth in the business software market.
Few people who know Maurice R. Greenberg, the former chairman and chief executive of the American International Group, thought he would go quietly.
Intel Beats Forecast; Warns of Revenue Shortfall
In return, companies must grant Microsoft a reciprocal license for any related technology.
And if Comcast is as ornery as Cablevision, disenfranchised Nationals fans may have to wait until next year's opening day to see their team on local cable.
Citigroup has been linked to many accounting scandals in recent years, including those at Enron and WorldCom, even as its profit growth has been slowing.
But he conceded that the faster that digital technologies sweep through the photography world, the slower Kodak's profits will grow.
Ms. Castagna is widely credited with helping Wal-Mart clearly identify a strong image for each of its clothing brands.
Storerunner.com in San Diego awarded its branding and marketing account to three Omnicom Group units, DDB Worldwide in New York, Interbrand and Porter Novelli.
''All of the five critical vulnerabilities are, of course, critical, so that means they are wormable,'' said Jeff Jones, senior director of Microsoft's security business unit.
While the basic patent protecting the product has already expired in Europe, Amgen got several patents in the United States, which could protect its franchise here until 2015.
When Kellogg's chief executive, Carlos M. Gutierrez, was debating two years ago whether to buy Keebler Foods for $3.86 billion, it was Mr. Rubin who steered him to Citigroup.
In March 2001, when the company was serving about 70 million Web pages daily, it had 8,000 computers, according to a Microsoft researcher granted anonymity to talk about a detailed tour he was given at one of Google's Silicon Valley computing centers.
Microsoft, of course, stands accused by the Justice Department of unfairly using its control of the Windows operating system to stifle the market for Internet browser software from Netscape Communications -- a company that America Online now owns.
In 2002, after Procter bought Clairol from Bristol-Myers Squibb, it kept the Herbal Essences line of hair products at Kaplan Thaler in New York, which still has the business.
The prices at Costco, Stew Leonard's and Sam's Club, when compared with those of Fairway and Key Food in the city, were not overwhelmingly lower, especially considering the cost of gas and the travel time.
Preliminary results of study presented at American Heart Association meeting in New Orleans show incidence of heart attacks and strokes among patients given Pfizer's painkiller Bextra is more than double that of those given placebos; Merck recently withdrew Vioxx, similar to Bextra, after longer and better-controlled study showed that it doubled risk of heart attack and stroke; Pfizer spokesman Susan Bro says heart problem with Bexta appeared only in studies involving patients at very high risk for heart disease who were undergoing cardiac surgery, disclosure Pfizer made on Oct 15; says other studies of Bextra involving 8,000 patients with arthritis who were followed for 6 to 52 weeks found no heart problems; Dr Garrett A FitzGerald, cardiologist and pharmacologist at University of Pennsylvania and one of world's leading exports in COX-2 drugs, says this is a time bomb waiting to go off (M)
''The teens are saying, 'We like the Gap, we're intending to shop at the Gap,' '' said John D. Morris, a retail analyst at Gerard Klauer Mattison, who conducted numerous focus groups with shoppers of different ages.
OVER the last year, Pepsico has been engaged in an intense campaign to transform its public image from perennial second-place finisher to a true challenger to the Coca-Cola Company.
Hindustan Coca-Cola said studies had shown that its bottling operations were not affecting groundwater reserves.
Few Plaintiffs Opt Out of Coca-Cola Discrimination Settlement
In 1993, a little over a year after the Soviet Union crumbled, the Chevron Corporation planted its flag in a remote corner of a country that had just appeared on the map, Kazakhstan.
Gap Picks Chief From Outside the Clothing Trade
In some crystal ball gazing research published last month, Dean P. Eberling, an analyst at Prudential Securities, speculated that Chase might eventually acquire the merged Morgan Stanley-Dean Witter.
ConAgra shares many of the problems of other packaged-food companies, including Kraft Foods, Unilever and General Mills.
Microsoft is enjoined from conditioning the timely release of a software product that is designed to run on non-Microsoft Platform Software and that is ready for commercial release on an agreement by the vendor of that Platform Software to limit the development, manufacture, distribution or promotion of Platform Software that competes with Platform Software offered by Microsoft.
The Adobe spokesman said last night that the letters from Quark ''failed to state any material terms that would constitute a firm and bona fide offer, including price.''
I confess that half an hour browsing in that utopia of produce -- or the new Whole Foods Market at the square's south end -- often leaves me longing for the antiseptic but nonjudgmental aisles of low-end supermarkets like Key Food or Western Beef.
Over last-minute objections from Citigroup and Household Finance, another big consumer finance company, the City Council voted 16 to 0 to pass a bill that defines predatory loans and prohibits the city from doing business with companies that make them.
Qwest, he said, can take its case directly to shareholders, bypassing MCI's board; challenge an MCI-Verizon union in front of regulators; or accept defeat on this deal.
After NorthPoint declared bankruptcy, it sold all of its assets -- except its customer accounts -- to AT&T for $135 million.
Heading into last week's meeting, it was expected that Mr. Nardelli and Home Depot's directors would face questions over his pay, which last year alone totaled $37.1 million.
If oil prices stay high, Exxon Mobil will have missed out on good investments but will still be profitable.
Jon S Corzine, facing new questions about whether his wealth would influence his politics, restates his vow to place his investments in blind trust if he is elected to US Senate; Associated Press reports that bulk of his wealth is tied up in Goldman Sachs stock and that he is prohibited by company from selling it for at least three years; photo (M)
Today, Hartford is the home of the Phoenix Companies and the Hartford Financial Services Group, both founded in the 19th century.
Buying Pointcast would give the News Corporation the current leader in Internet push systems, so named because they enable information from around the globe to be automatically sent -- or ''pushed'' -- to a user's computer on a regular schedule.
But the World Wide Web browser war that erupted in 1996, when Microsoft launched the market equivalent of a thermonuclear attack on Netscape's Navigator, brought that fairy tale to an abrupt end.
The contract forbade Intuit to deal with the Netscape Communications Corporation, maker of the principal competing Web browser.
The presentation was made by the designers John Crawford of Intel and Jerry Huck of Hewlett-Packard.
Even as Staples was gaining a company, it lost its chief financial officer.
The court, in Microsoft II, focused on how Internet Explorer code was shared with operating system code.
With the retail space developed, Vornado executives turned their attention to the rest of the building, particularly the upper floors, which had reduced rentable space because of the sharp setbacks, ''Above the 15th floor it was mostly core and elevators with little available space,'' Mr. Roth said.
The second provision the Justice Department included in its proposal to try to free PC makers to choose competing software was to prohibit Microsoft from writing contracts that forced the manufacturers to accept an additional Microsoft product as a condition of receiving Windows,  according to people close to the talks.
Wal-Mart says it cannot comment on the specifics of the litigation but continues to review its employment practices.
There is no direct pitch for Microsoft or Windows Vista on the site, but there is, as it turns out, a connection between Mr. Martin's meandering commercials and Windows Vista.
Microsoft's lead trial lawyer, John Warden, asked him about America Online's proposed purchase of Netscape, a deal that Microsoft argues is proof of healthy competition in the software industry.
Microsoft also violated Section 1 of the Sherman Act by unlawfully tying its Web browser to its operating system.
Loudcloud has attracted a few big name customers like Ford and Nike, but its technology is still in a gestational phase.
case and one of the related lawsuits between the two companies, has said that Mr. Grove assured him at the 1993 Comdex meeting that Intergraph did not need to worry about using Intel as its sole supplier of chips because ''Intel would treat Intergraph fairly.''
Microsoft Flouts Court Order, U.S. Charges
Indeed, rather than pay what it considers an inflated price for MCI, Verizon could well withdraw its bid and decide to build its corporate services business on its own.
Even as the two companies discuss a potential sale of AT&T's cable systems, they continue to negotiate a resolution of the situation with Time Warner Entertainment.
Each month, Sony and Procter will decide on two featured artists: one already popular and one Sony is hoping will soon become so.
And the company also has a cash-laden investor in Microsoft, which owns 7.4 percent of Comcast -- although Microsoft is saying nothing about the matter.
In addition to AT&T's 80 million existing customers, the company will bring $75 billion in revenue and almost $5 billion in annual profits to a market ofmostly local and regional providers.
Mr. Manzi agreed to become chairman, president and chief executive of Nets Inc., a company formed by the combination of Industry.Net and the AT&T Corporation's New Media Services unit.
It has conjured up that old Apple magic for me, that self-righteous promise of a better-built mousetrap that not only compelled me to use Apple computers once but also prompted me to move west and go to work for the company.
Cisco's lawsuit described covert Apple attempts to obtain the rights to the iPhone name.
Miles, a Morgan Stanley director with close ties to the former chief executive, Philip J. Purcell, has resigned from the board, the bank said yesterday.
TECHNOLOGY BRIEFING  Hardware: Micron Electronics Dumps Pc Unit
The Disco Ball Of Failed Hopes And Other Tales From Inside Intel
No one says that having lived through the last recession was complete protection against this decline, of course, and even relatively seasoned chief executives like John T. Chambers at Cisco Systems seem to have been caught unaware.
Motorola's slimmed-down semiconductor unit was marginally profitable with earnings of $18 million, in contrast to an operating loss of $798 million a year ago.
Microsoft, by contrast, is a software company.
Boston Scientific predicts it can raise at least $1 billion by spinning off portion of company to public; is considering public stock offering for 18 percent to 25 percent of businesses grouped units its Endosurgery division; Boston Scientific's chief financial officer Lawrence C Best tells analysts company is investigating whether its tax structure will allow it to sell as much as 25 percent of subsidiary without incurring too much expense (M)
Still, while Citigroup was known for its aggressive deal-making under Mr. Weill, it has been pursuing smaller acquisitions in recent years.
Wal-Mart said in the filing that Ms. Roehm and Mr. Womack had lengthy career discussions with Tony Weisman, then the global growth officer of Draft FCB, and that those discussions had tainted the agency review process.
Gap is a different story -- if not a speculative one.
FirstEnergy has been under pressure from bond rating agencies to reduce its debt substantially.
Walt Disney Co will take 50 percent stake in US Weekly, which will be published by new jointly owned company; Wenner Media executive says Disney invested $35 million; arrangement means Wenner will no longer have to shoulder entire financial burden of magazine, which is not yet profitable; photo (M)
Mr. Pataki, a Republican who has pledged to leave a good environmental legacy in the state, said the deal with International Paper fulfilled several goals.
''This is a building for I.B.M.
Merrill Lynch security officials traced the transaction back to two Yahoo e-mail addresses that were linked to the accounts of five other affluent clients.
Another group favors ''behavioral'' remedies -- prohibiting Microsoft from writing exclusive contracts, requiring it to publicly disclose the software specifications for Windows, forcing it to publish a Windows pricing list for major manufacturers, and requiring antitrust training for all Microsoft managers.
Verizon's compensation committee, for example, consists entirely of chief executives or former chief executives.
''It's built on products that are singles and doubles,'' said Lawrence Keusch, a Goldman Sachs analyst who has followed Boston Scientific ever since his firm led its initial public offering in 1992.
VeriSign, based in Mountain View, Calif., can continue to charge $6 a year for each of the 22 million .com addresses and the 4.2 million .net addresses.
Motorola Inc warns Wall Street that disappointing sales of semiconductors, cellular phones and paging products are taking much bigger toll on its earnings than analysts had been projecting for third quarter; Motorola says earnings for quarter ending Sept 28 could be down 'significantly,' word company has used in past only to refer to changes of 25 percent or more (M)
(EBay does provide a phone number to a subset of its power sellers who qualify for phone-based service.)
During a meningitis epidemic in 1996, Pfizer treated 100 Nigerian children with the antibiotic Trovan as part of its effort to determine whether the drug, which had never been tested in children, would be an effective treatment for the disease.
Interpublic once again loses a major client's account to WPP.
As a result, he argued, if Microsoft's browser, Internet Explorer, is gaining market share, that is only because it is a superior product.
Procter & Gamble has come up with new line of deodorants, hair gels, body washes, even scents, aimed at boys ages 8 to 16; licenses line to OTOvertime, new company whose sole purpose is to turn young boys' grooming products into multimillion-dollar business; photo (M)
Citigroup Is Acquiring Card Portfolio Of Store Chain
Ms. Mulcahy reassured analysts that Xerox will meet earnings expectations of $1 to $1.10 for the year.
A meeting of the Walt Disney Company president, Robert A. Iger, and the ABC News anchor Ted Koppel in Washington on Monday was frank but nonconfrontational.
Symbian, whose partners include Nokia and Sony Ericsson, had 80.7 percent of the smart phone software market in the third quarter of last year, compared with 8.4 percent for PalmSource and 7.3 percent for Microsoft, according to the market research firm Gartner Dataquest.
A patent settlement this year gave Yahoo some more.
From washing windows to burnishing silverware to arranging buffet tables and processing customers' checks, no aspect of the workplace went untouched,'' J. W. Marriott Jr., wrote in his 1997 memoir, ''The Spirit to Serve: Marriott's Way.''
The magazine describes General Motors as the ''brand killer from Detroit,'' using ''Wild West'' methods.
Although the actual purchase price comes to $791.3 million, The News Corporation is paying only $754 million.
A brief filed by industry groups supporting Microsoft was signed by Lloyd N. Cutler (the White House counsel in the Clinton and Carter administrations), C. Boyden Gray (Mr. Cutler's law partner and White House counsel in the administration of former President Bush), and Griffin B.
Analysts had already slashed their consensus earnings projections to 20 cents a share from 43 cents after Motorola announced in April that the quarter had begun poorly.
Bank of America's shares fell 2.8 percent yesterday to close at $45.61.
The agreement calls for The Times to be sold at all American Starbucks stores.
General Motors Corp is stepping up its advertising and marketing plans for Olympic Winter Games in Salt Lake City, despite bribery scandal; GM, which had already committed to 10-year sponsorship worth roughly $900 million, is concentrating on getting biggest bang for its big money; company's new marketing efforts detailed (M)
In December of that year, a federal judge in Seattle issued an injunction against Barnesandnoble, ruling that Amazon had a substantial likelihood of prevailing in its suit.
It is compatible with many digital audio recording programs, including GarageBand from Apple.
PMK, public relations agency, is in talks to be acquired by McCann-Erickson World Group unit of Interpublic Group of Companies (S)
But many investors saw the deal as posing a substantial risk to Adobe's stock value as the two companies attempt to integrate their businesses.
Mexican Retailers Unite Against Wal-Mart
Former Chief Says Merck Told All It Knew on Vioxx
Wal-Mart's Expansion Aided By Many Taxpayer Subsidies
Trans World Airlines is expected to announce an order for at least 50 Boeing 717 jetliners worth about $1.5 billion (S)
Nike ''designed this for consumers who crave technology and innovation,'' Mr. Finke said, ''so they tend to seek out these broadband-type experiences even if they don't have a broadband connection, and they'd be willing to wait a little longer for that.''
Microsoft's spokesman in Brussels, Tom Brookes, said on Thursday that he was unaware of the memo.
Microsoft executives also cite a decline in the number of security bulletins issued for major products like Windows Server and Office as evidence that the new engineering discipline is having an impact.
In addition, a consolidation in recent years has led to fewer suppliers, which means Boeing has fewer alternatives for parts.
Emboldened by the unanimous support of national regulators from the 15 member nations of the European Union, Mr. Monti wanted Microsoft to sign a pledge not to bundle other software programs into Windows to the detriment of competitors, one person involved in the talks said.
As the day ended, Microsoft introduced testimony to rebut one of Dr. Tevanian's allegations, namely that Steven Decker, a senior executive of the Compaq Computer Corporation, had told another Apple executive that Compaq would not license Apple's popular multimedia player, Quicktime, because ''that would upset Microsoft.''
She was eager to tell of the treatment she had endured and witnessed on the trading floor at Morgan Stanley's headquarters near Times Square, followed by the testimony of more than 20 other women with similar complaints, some involving behavior that could have proved embarrassing to the company.
I.B.M.
Frank E. Spindler, an Intel vice president and general manager of the mobile platforms group, acknowledged that ''the mobile PC space is not immune to the business environment,'' but said that declining prices and the increasing popularity of wireless networking would drive laptop sales.
In 1992 he stumbled into a Starbucks in Vancouver.
''There might be fewer people buying from us because they can shop on BananaRepublic.com and stay in the Gap family for shoes,'' he said.
General Electric Co says second-quarter earnings were up 15 percent from year-earlier quarter; company earned $3.9 billion; revenues were $32 billion, 3 percent decline from year ago (M)
Justice Dept receives letter from 26 computer industry executives saying that any delay in introduction of Microsoft's Windows 98 will harm computer industry, particularly two million programmers who write software for Windows-based computers, and equal number who work in computer services industry; this is strongest show of support to date for embattled Microsoft Corp; it comes at time when attorneys general from 13 states are close to preparing joint antitrust action against company, apparently aimed at blocking release of Windows 98 (M)
is betting that it will benefit from an inevitable consolidation in the semiconductor industry, as fewer companies can afford the costs and can meet the technological challenges of building and running advanced chip plants like I.B.M.
And the Omnicom Group in New York acquired the Eden Communications Group in Millburn, N.J., a health care education and marketing services agency.
Microsoft, however, says that Bristol's private antitrust suit, like the Government's case, is groundless.
But it does little to enhance Bank of America's presence in areas like asset management and investment banking where Citigroup is far stronger.
''The reforms announced by Citigroup have been very cosmetic to date, and in no way address the significant problems that the F.T.C.
CNN and AT&T Strike an On-Line Deal
The unearned revenue mainly covers corporate contracts, typically spanning three years, to license Microsoft products.
Hoping to put the long and tortuous breast implant litigation process behind it, Dow Corning said yesterday that it was willing to pay $2.4 billion to settle the more than 300,000 claims that have been filed against it.
I.B.M.
Much of the rest will reflect reduced advertising expenses and the economies of combining the networks of AT&T, BellSouth and the cellphone carrier Cingular Networks.
In the United States, recording labels want a bigger slice of Apple's success in digital music by seeking higher prices on downloaded songs.
Shares of Amazon, which announced its results after the close of regular trading, closed down 46 cents, to $34.87.
Technology column describes how Jean-Louis Gassee and his Be Inc could offer Apple Computer Inc relatively risk-free bridge between its tarnished past and potentially brighter future; Be Inc has developed software that is first operating system to be designed from scratch with technique called object-oriented programming, which allows key modules of software code to be used and reused as basic building blocks of the system; Apple's engineers worked to help Gassee's fledgling company move Be software to Power Macintosh; photo (M)
To Morgan Stanley, which earned more than $1 billion last quarter, that amount is ''nothing,'' Ms. Siebert said.
The European Commission threatened Microsoft last week with fines as high as 3 million euros ($3.9 million) a day for failing to comply with the order.
Elaine Plummer, a spokeswoman for Procter & Gamble, said the company was ''prepared to address those questions'' at the meeting.
Unlike the 802.11b wireless standard, which Apple calls AirPort and others have named Wi-Fi, Bluetooth is not intended for computer networking or sharing high-speed Internet connections.
At the Intel Developer Forum in San Francisco from Feb. 17 to 19, three laptops that make up Intel's new concept line, called Florence, will go on view before thousands of engineers, researchers and product designers.
MICROSOFT'S WORLD: A special report.
After shopping a bit for the right bank, Capital One selected Hibernia, which is based in New Orleans.
Already, middle-class shoppers crowd into Carrefour, Wal-Mart and Ikea.
The Entergy Corporation in New Orleans named J. Walter Thompson Atlanta to handle its account, which had been at various local agencies.
Microsoft's antitrust settlement with the Bush administration, reached in 2001, required the company to share information with competitors.
After Pfizer bought Pharmacia, it assured patients and doctors that it had no evidence that Celebrex was dangerous.
Waste Management is the nation's largest garbage collector.
Microsoft probably has many things to worry about at this moment other than a small start-up company in Texas with a relatively cheap, underpowered computer that has limited software, a clumsy mouse and a mediocre visual display.
As a result of Microsoft's move, Spyglass saw those revenues vanish within a year, as smaller Internet software companies went out of business and big customers shifted to Microsoft's free browser.
Lawsuit against Michael Burns, global account director for General Mills at agency's flagship New York office, threatens to generate turmoil that disrupted operations decade ago; lawsuit seeks at least $3 million in damages against Burns, whose final day of employment is March 15, on grounds that include breach of fiduciary duty; lawsuit also requests injunction against Burns from working General Mills advertising assignments; latter request is relevant because 17 people who had worked under Burns on General Mills account resigned en masse three days after agency announced his unexpected resignation; 17 employees joined competitor Interpublic Group of Companies last week, working at new Interpublic agency on assignments related to products for families and children (M)
McKesson HBOC Inc, large drug wholesaler, to restate earnings for last four quarters after discovering improperly recorded sales from recently acquired software business; says it lost 27 cents a diluted share in fourth quarter and cuts earnings forecast for fiscal 2000; stock plunges 48 percent on news (Market Place column) (M)
When the suit was filed in May 1998, Microsoft had far less than half of the market for Internet browsing software, while the leader was Netscape Communication, which was later acquired by America Online.
I.B.M.
Shares of Gap declined $3.625 yesterday, or 7.6 percent, to $44.25, in part on the news of Ms. Jackson's departure but also on a report that Gap's sales in stores open at least a year were up 4 percent, at the low end of expectations.
During the half-hour meeting, according to interviews and court papers, Andrew Grove, Intel's top executive, persuaded James Meadlock, Intergraph's chairman and chief executive, to use Intel as the sole supplier of chips for Intergraph's work stations -- high-performance computers aimed at engineers, architects and others requiring powerful graphics, design and animation capabilities.
Since the 1999 merger, Exxon Mobil has paid $33 billion in dividends to its shareholders and spent $24 billion buying back 8 percent of its shares.
Motorola said yesterday that it had consolidated its global advertising, with billings estimated at $150 million, by naming Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide in New York, part of the WPP Group, to handle those duties.
Still, some outsiders were surprised by Citigroup's dual role.
''There would be a huge amount of awareness of Martha Stewart at Costco,'' he said.
A Justice Department official said that Microsoft's plan gave PC producers no real choice and ''violates the spirit, if not the letter, of the judge's order.''
The Ford Motor Company said today that its sales in August were even higher than expected, making last month the best August ever for auto sales in the United States and the best month in the 1990's after adjusting for seasonal variations in demand.
His first project at Microsoft was to connect a computer to an I.B.M.
Concerns about the bite the acquisition will take out of earnings for the foreseeable future caused investors to push down General Mills' share price by $2.6875, or 7.4 percent, to $33.625.
Three Wall Street firms report earnings that reflect importance of their physical location on Sept 11 when terrorists attacked in lower Manhattan; Lehman Brothers Holdings, with employees scattered by attacks, reports fourth-quarter net income fell 67 percent, largely because of displacement from its offices; Goldman Sachs Group net income fell 17 percent and Bear Stearns Companies' dropped 21 percent for same quarter; neither suffered degree of disruption that Lehman did (M)
When the market opened yesterday, he said his expectations that Cisco would move technology stocks in general were validated.
A new commercial by J. Brown/ LMC Group, a unit of Grey Advertising, scheduled to run in September exhorts children to save labels from Campbell products; their schools can redeem them for equipment from basketballs to computers to mini-vans.
Yesterday, Moody's Investors Service said it might lower its rating on Pfizer's bonds, which are currently graded at Aaa, the highest possible.
''Saying Apple and server is a bit like saying Sun and client,'' he said.
*Whether Microsoft would be allowed to continue requiring Internet service providers to feature Microsoft products exclusively in exchange for a link in Windows.
On one side of the ledger were the long, strong ties between GSD&M and Wal-Mart, the executives said, and the possibility the agency could fight its way back onto the roster with Draft FCB out of the picture.
''Intel has changed its design paradigm to start not just adding gigahertz, but to adding features that users demand,'' Mr. Otellini said at an analysts' meeting last month.
In that sense, then, the three suitors bear a burden of proving to AT&T's board that shareholders would gain more from their offers than they would reap if AT&T Broadband were to become independent.
In the brewing battle in the online DVD-rental marketplace, Netflix, the market leader, has been given a potentially significant new advantage.
The I.B.M.
Verizon did better on the deal.
In the motion, Microsoft argued that since the company achieved its monopoly position by legal means, the government had no right ''to dismember Microsoft.''
Most of Honeywell's other businesses fit right into G.E.
At an October 2002 gala to introduce Microsoft's MSN 8 Internet service, Bill Gates showed a video of himself wearing a butterfly costume and handing out software for the service.
Despite the profit hit, the company's promise to ease up on future spending on new technology came as a relief to investors, who bid up Amazon's shares by more than 14 percent, to $38.38, in the after-hours trading that followed the release of its results.
Four years after the Northrop Grumman Corporation stopped producing the planes because Congress had balked at their $2.2-billion-apiece price, Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld is considering buying 40 more of them, this time for $735 million each.
But today Nokia said that its market share for mobile phones in the second quarter would increase to 38 percent, further widening the gap between itself and rivals like Motorola and Ericsson.
After a week of heavy blows, Merck's defense in the first Vioxx trial showed some cracks.
''There's some way to go, but we see this as a good first step,'' said Peter Aloumanis, a Motorola vice president.
In an interview, Mr. Bradley of Hewlett-Packard pointed to his company's TouchSmart PC, being released to coincide with Vista's debut, to show that manufacturers are increasingly able to use Microsoft's operating system as ''a platform we can build around instead of just embed on our machines.''
Some analysts said they believed that Microsoft would run less of a risk than Sony, however, because the software maker has apparently struck sweetheart deals with its major suppliers.
Jeffrey P. Bezos, the founder and chairman of Amazon.com, made his debut as a literary critic last week, displaying both his taste in reading and, to those watching closely, a certain gratitude.
The existence of the report, and that it suggested options to restructure Microsoft, was first reported yesterday in The Wall Street Journal.
The long-empty Book-Cadillac Hotel, which for half a century had been this city's leading place to stay, has been acquired by an arm of the Kimberly-Clark Corporation that specializes in restoring once-grand hotels in central cities and that sees a promising future both for its new acquisition and for parts of the surrounding downtown area.
Specifically, critics said that Comcast left open the possibility that it could wed two databases, one with individual customer information and the other of aggregate surfing habits.
Beverage scientists seem giddy about the partnership with Coke; the new venture will own much of Procter & Gamble's food and beverage research.
Even Mary Meeker, the Morgan Stanley analyst who helped persuade the companies to combine three years ago, downgraded AOL Time Warner shares yesterday.
THE huge potential power of the proposed AOL Time Warner has applied electroshock to the cortex of the convergence industries: information, entertainment and communication.
Cyveillance, which tracks Internet sites for corporate clients, says many people who have personal Web pages are unknowingly tracking people who visit and sending information to third parties; says use of Internet monitoring technology popularly known as 'Web bugs' has exploded on personal Web pages, especially those created free through online companies like America Online and Geocities, which is owned by Yahoo; says monitoring technology is invisibly added to Web pages as part of elements that sites offer to help create Web page (M)
Meanwhile, Mr. Lanier intends to keep trying cases against Merck.
Shares of Motorola, which skidded on Monday on word of the deal, tumbled again today, losing $6.5625, to close at $86.625 in heavy trading.
An extension of the department's review was expected because of the outcry from PeopleSoft and its customers about the anticompetitive implications of a takeover by Oracle.
Oracle Beats 4th-Quarter Expectations By a Penny
Correction of picture caption with Oct 21 article on News Corp winning shareholder vote on takeover defense strategy; president and chief operating officer is Peter A Chernin
Yahoo Posts Lower-Than-Expected Loss; President Says He Will Quit
Still, said Ms. Bloom, a self-described die-hard Apple fan, the Emate is too pricey for her school to buy enough for an entire classroom of students.
Mixed fortunes of General Motors Corp's Hughes Electronics unit, nation's largest satellite company, illustrate big promise and big problems of space business; manufacturing glitches and rocket failures have made it more difficult and costly to get satellites launched; tighter export controls in wake of controversy over technology leaks to China are slowing projects; graphs comparing commercial and Government operations; photos (M)
Merck, though, has been fast off the starting block.
I.B.M.
Over beer and tortilla chips, they talked of staging a sit-in at a temp agency and of organizing a T-shirt day when dozens of supporters would wear pro-union shirts to Microsoft's main cafeteria.
But, he added, ''I do not intend to retire at age 80 from Ford Motor Company.''
Mr. Finkelstein sprinkled in sarcastic barbs at Comcast with slides ''thanking'' the company for two broken routers, high prices and missed appointments.
But automakers are clearly worried enough to offer a new round of deals that General Motors called unprecedented, setting up a test for the industry in April.
Because of its ability to translate a document's original fonts, colors and images into a file that can be opened and read on most computer systems, the Portable Document Format, created by Adobe Systems, has become a staple of modern business.
Announcement by William H Gates, chairman of Microsoft Corp, at last month's Comdex show that company had developed breakthrough technology for improving readability of text on flat-panel color displays used on laptop computers produces new industry controversy; Microsoft says new technique, known as Cleartype, is result of work done by Bill Hill, Microsoft researcher; within hours of introduction of Cleartype, the Internet was filled with messages that new technique was suspiciously similar to approaches developed many years earlier by researchers at Apple Computer, IBM, Xerox Corp and elsewhere; no one is suggesting that Microsoft intentionally violated patent rights of any other company or individual; major reason for industry's fascination is that issue is related to theme central to Government's current antitrust case against Microsoft during which executives of high-technology companies have portrayed Microsoft as opportunist firm that often copies and absorbs innovations of other, smaller companies but seldom invents much of its own; Microsoft executive responds; photo; chart on Cleartype technology (L)
That is just one reason Amazon's search for merchant partners has been difficult, said Carrie A. Johnson, an analyst with the technology consulting company Forrester Research.
Now it is watching intently to see whether Microsoft's path will be divided.
People will throw money at Amazon -- on the bet that it will one day dominate the whole world -- but they won't throw it at a medium-size company on the bet that it will be 10th in the world.
The Microsoft talks with SAP, according to a person close to Oracle, began shortly after Oracle made its initial bid for PeopleSoft in June 2003.
Revenues for the company and Time Warner Entertainment -- the unit that includes the Warner Brothers studio, Home Box Office and cable television operations -- rose to $6.7 billion from $6.1 billion.
Sales in the cellular phone unit, its largest business, climbed 5 percent, to $2.6 billion, and Motorola forecast further growth the next two quarters.
McDonald's, which has long symbolized to some people the American way of eating the way that General Motors once represented the open road, is struggling with an identity crisis.
The services will go into limited testing later this year; Microsoft would not give details on general availability or pricing.
Applied Materials reports net income of $269 million in its seond quarter ended April 29, decline of 41 percent from year earlier (S)
Darcy Winslow, a longtime company executive who was recently named general manager for women's fitness sports at Nike, said the new strategy acknowledged that fitness classes have as much appeal as, say, basketball, and that many women want to wear athletic clothing outside the gym, as men have for years.
And the aviation industry, with products and services made by General Electric and Honeywell, has been a longstanding subject of contention between Washington and Brussels.
The penalty phase of the long-running case began in a federal courtroom here today, with nine states that have broken away from a settlement between Microsoft and the government telling the judge that unless the court imposed stronger punishments on the company, it would continue using its monopoly on the personal computer operating system to crush rivals in technologies like media players and the Linux operating system.
No one could be reached for comment over the weekend at Molson, based in Montreal.
Pfizer Stirs Concern With Plans To Sell Heart Drugs Only as Pair
Even more important, Microsoft's dominance is threatened by a shift in computing from the personal computer to technologies like Internet-connected cellphones and Internet-based services offered by Google and similar companies.
One of the pillars of the argument for letting AT&T and BellSouth merge is the strength of the Internet telephony companies, which compete with them in offering phone services.
Sony Music Entertainment says it will begin selling songs on line in digital form using Microsoft technology, accelerating the rush of record companies to the Internet even before the industry settles on a common standard.
Salesforce.com Shares Rise 56% On Their First Day of Trading
Citigroup stood to lose more than $1 billion that it had lent to Enron if its credit rating was downgraded and the company subsequently collapsed.
Boeing executives say they had little choice but to increase production when orders started rolling in last year and insisted that the company would ultimately emerge stronger than ever.
Wal-Mart, struggling to stimulate sluggish sales growth, is ''in transformation'' and looking beyond its traditional base of rural, low-income customers, Mr. Quinn said.
Ford Motor Co was particularly hard hit by e-mail infected with 'I love you' program, which jammed electronic networks around world; up to 1,000 Ford computers were directly infected and 30,000 workers in Europe alone got 140,000 contaminated messages in three hours before Ford shut down global e-mail network; program seems to have caused only limited permanent damage and did not force Ford to stop any factories (M)
In 2002, Pfizer spent $87 million to advertise Viagra in the United States, according to TNS Media Intelligence/CMR, a division of Taylor Nelson Sofres.
Robbie Bach, chief xBox officer for Microsoft, said that the decision by Electronic Arts, the largest independent game maker, to also support xBox ''raises the profile'' of the game system.
Morgan Stanley, Merrill Lynch and Goldman Sachs all have significant money management operations, and such businesses are seen as a crucial building block to becoming an elite Wall Street firm.
Wal-Mart declined to say how much the changes would cost, a number that investors will be eager to learn, given Wal-Mart's no-frills business model, which emphasizes low labor costs.
In his testimony, Mr. Gates could be seen seated at an office desk, leafing through printouts of E-mails and warily responding as a taped witness at the antitrust trial of the Microsoft Corporation.
Mr. Whitacre and his team were also widely credited by analysts with bringing Nordstrom's notorious inventory overstocking problems under control.
As for Cisco, executives say the new venture will strengthen its move into the telecommunications equipment market, where it is battling companies like Lucent and Nortel.
Andrew S Grove is stepping aside as chief executive of Intel Corp; Grove will remain full-time employee as Intel's chairman; Grove is turning over top job to Craig R Barrett, Intel's president and chief operating officer; photos (L)
Mr. Horvitz, who speaks apologetically about the Paper Clip program, said its shortcomings were the result of Microsoft's failure to implement all of his team's ideas.
Mr. Jobs, Apple's interim chief executive, said in a telephone interview today that the response to the new Power Mac models had been extremely strong but that Apple was going to receive only about 40 to 45 percent of the microprocessors it had expected in the quarter.
And in a market in which many owners progressively upgrade -- starting out, for example, with a Boeing 737 and eventually moving up -- the next big thing is the Boeing 787 Dreamliner, which lists for about $150 million and up.
John Siegenthaler, founder of the First Amendment Center at Vanderbilt University, said, ''Wal-Mart is doing what most corporations do: when they feel pain, they try to salve the wound.''
This evening, representatives of both Microsoft and the government said they remained open to the idea of restarting settlement talks.
Yesterday, Mr. O'Neill came to work and informed Campbell executives that he would be going to Heinz nonetheless, but with a different title, Mr. Lowery said.
The Intel Corporation and Sun Microsystems Inc. plan to announce on Tuesday a broad cross-licensing agreement that will permit Sun's software to run on Intel's new family of 64-bit chips, Merced.
Southwest Airlines chairman-chief executive Herbert D Kelleher informs company employees that he has prostate cancer but that plans to be in office throughout his radiation treatments; succession issue is raised; photo (M)
In fact, Microsoft's pretax earnings from operations actually declined in the most recent quarter to $2.5 billion, compared with $2.9 billion a year earlier.
But should Comcast attempt to raise the offer's share ratio, ''it has a circular problem,'' one analyst said.
In recent years, Corning executives spent about $10 billion acquiring other companies in an effort to grab more of the fast-growing telecommunications business.
In July, the department took the unusual step of suing Boeing, which received $11 billion in Government contracts last year, after the company refused to meet its demands for employment information at three of its operations.
The company said the delay came from waiting for Microsoft to respond to a second step in the verification process.
The commission also told the company to license to competitors the technical information for Microsoft's software for server computers, which would give rivals equal footing.
Mark J. Heise, a partner at Boies, Schiller & Flexner, the law firm representing SCO, said yesterday that he expected that a copyright claim would now be added to the contract accusation in the I.B.M.
Investors were encouraged by Motorola's performance.
To make room for the newest chips, Intel cut prices across its entire line of Pentium 4 products as much as 54 percent, the latest assault in an escalating price war with its smaller rival, Advanced Micro Devices.
Lockheed Martin won a multibillion-dollar contract from NASA on Thursday to build the nation's next spaceship for human flight, a craft called Orion that is to replace the space shuttle and eventually carry astronauts to the moon and beyond.
I.B.M.
The officials said the concern was not Lockheed Martin's size but the potential for creating one supplier for the advanced electronic systems that are expected to be the big military business of the future.
AT&T and Time Warner jointly own the Road Runner high-speed Internet service, and there are other joint ventures.
The new slogan is partly an attempt to offset a disappointing year for Nike.
In just the last 18 months, Symantec has also broadened its products by acquiring On Technology, SafeWeb and Brightmail, a leading seller of anti-spam technology.
While wiping out billions in paper wealth, Microsoft fell from its perch as the biggest company in the world, measured by market capitalization.
Citigroup's shares rose 73 cents, to $36.93.
Like Yahoo, Google Adds Customized Search Engine
Another reminder will be the new graphics, produced by Lipson Alport Glass & Associates in Northbrook, Ill., along with an in-house team at Coca-Cola.
Intel has been facing intense competition from Advanced Micro Devices, which reports its fourth-quarter results Wednesday.
He popularized the hostile takeover at Morgan Stanley and still cultivates a 1980's aura with his suspenders, cuff links and still-evident love of a good old-fashioned corporate skirmish.
''This is the green light,'' said Glenn Waller, director of external affairs for ExxonMobil in Russia.
The world's second-largest automaker, the Ford Motor Company, has agreed to acquire a controlling interest in its South African subsidiary, the South African Motor Corporation, by purchasing the stake of the Anglo American Corporation of South Africa Ltd., which had been the automaker's other major shareholder.
Kodak also announced yet another restatement of earnings, this one for the second quarter, which it reported on July 20.
Investors reacted by dumping Boeing shares, which fell $6.5625, to $41.1875, in New York Stock Exchange trading on volume that exceeded 28 million shares.
Microsoft's tactics induced many Java developers to write their applications using Microsoft's developer tools and to refrain from distributing Sun-compliant JVM's to Windows users.
Ed Adler, a spokesman for Time Warner, said: ''The Warner music group has a process in place to determine which music will or will not be released.
An entire ecosystem has emerged around the music player, introduced by Apple in October 2001.
Federal Communications Commission is planning to ease some rules that require large regional Bell companies--Verizon, SBC Communications, BellSouth and Qwest Communications International--to lease their networks and equipment to smaller rivals and long-distance carriers at low rates; agency will eliminate some requirements that they provide low-cost access to rivals for their new network equipment used for high-speed Internet services; officials say decision is intended to encourage Bell companies to invest in upgrading their networks to provide their high-speed services more widely; plan falls short of complete repudiation of old rules as Bell companies and agency's chairman Michael K Powell had hoped; what appears to be emerging will be regulations that give something to each sector of phone industry and do not further hurt ailing long-distance providers--AT&T and WorldCom--as they had feared, at least until after 2004 election; photo (M)
For more than six years, Intel has worked with Revelations Entertainment, Mr. Freeman's film and TV production company, initially on technology for creating special effects.
Mr. Luethke says that he decided in the weeks after last August's sting operation against the former employee that he wanted to sever his financial ties to Morgan Stanley and distance himself from the cash payment.
Justice Department lawyers are asking whether Microsoft's market power isn't likely to make Windows the software equivalent of Qwerty.
Mr. Mayo, who put a sell on Citigroup's shares, said the bank had enough capital to pay any fines or legal judgments.
Yahoo plans to acquire Right Media, a privately held company that runs an advertising marketplace, in part to bolster its position as a seller and broker of ads outside its own sprawling network of Web sites, the companies' chief executives said yesterday.
Intel Fails To Meet Its Targets
John Fleming, chief marketing officer at Wal-Mart, subsequently decided the ads ought to address the longtime Wal-Mart selling point of lower prices.
For the third quarter of 1999, Bank of America's net income more than doubled to $2.15 billion from the 1998 period.
In Nasdaq trading, Biogen's stock fell $2 a share, to $50, after dropping $2.75 on Monday.
Yet just this week, Microsoft announced a long-term partnership with Disney.
Just as in the settlement with Marsh, the money paid by Aon would be used to repay customers who paid it for unbiased advice on the best insurance coverage at the best prices, but, according to the investigators, actually paid higher prices, sometimes for inferior coverage.
An Exxon Mobil spokesman said the Publish What You Pay Campaign would put publicly traded corporations at a disadvantage because government-owned oil companies, which control 65 percent of the world's oil production, would be exempt from disclosing their oil payments.
Carnival Cruise Lines said today that there had been 108 accusations that crew members were involved in sexual assaults and sexual misconduct aboard its ships in a five-year period that ended last August, not 62 incidents as reported by the company two weeks ago.
One of the more striking corporate moves in the aftermath of Sept. 11 was the decision by the securities company Morgan Stanley Dean Witter not to move into its almost-complete building at 745 Seventh Avenue at 49th and 50th Streets.
But overall sales of iPods fell short of analysts' high expectations, causing Apple shares to plunge in after-hours trading.
In its Oct. 15 warning about Bextra's potential risks to patients after heart surgery, Pfizer acknowledged that it had known the results of this study for at least two months before announcing them.
But in announcing the study's main results yesterday, Merck indicated that it intended to push for Food and Drug Administration approval to sell Arcoxia in this country.
I.B.M., he added, is gaining market share against rivals in several major markets and is on track to meet its financial targets of double-digit growth in earnings for the year.
Exxon Mobil has to persuade customers to sign contracts that typically last 20 years.
Warner-Lambert is considered a prize within the industry because of its blockbuster products, including the cholesterol-fighting drug Lipitor, marketed jointly with Pfizer, and its many other treatments under development.
But it chose about 5 percent of them to switch automatically unless they notified the company that they did not want the new credit cards, known as MBNA Rewards American Express cards.
''Without structural remedies, it's hard to imagine Microsoft isn't going to find a way to keep dodging the bullet,'' said Tim O'Reilly, chief executive of O'Reilly & Associates, a publisher of computer books.
A Federal judge in Boston last week denied Microsoft access to those research materials, but the company may appeal.
In exchange for a new interim credit line of $500 million, which would be provided by UBS Warburg, and changes to existing loans, Interpublic said that it had agreed to accept several operating stipulations.
''Monsanto forgot who their client was,'' said Thomas N. Urban, retired chairman and chief executive of Pioneer Hi-Bred International, a seed company.
Senior Microsoft officer tries to prove in his testimony that Government has little understanding of relationship between Microsoft's operating system and its Internet browser software; David Cole, Microsoft vice president who oversaw development of Windows 95 and Internet Explorer software, says Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson's order to stop forcing computer makers to install Microsoft's Internet Exploreer along with its Windows 95 software was broadly and inartistically worded, and left company no choice but to suggest to computer makers that they consider deleting computer files that are essential to both Windows 95 and Internet Explorer, even though deleting those files would wreck software necessary to operate computer; Judge Jackson is considering whether to hold company in contempt and fine it $1 million a day for failing to comply with his order; Microsoft's appeal of order will be heard by Federal appeals court judges Laurence H Silberman, Stephen F Williams and A Raymond Randolph (M)
That outpaces the fastest model of the Intel Corporation's Pentium III chip currently available, a 600-megahertz chip.
The MBNA Corporation, the issuer of the Visa credit cards that Mr. McIntyre and his wife had carried for 14 years, had switched his account to American Express without his permission, he said.
Boeing executives said that the latest announcements were an unfortunate result of the economic downturn in Asia.
AMAZON.COM says it will be profitable in the fourth quarter of this year.
Faced with such resistance, Mr. Harbison said Monsanto began subtly shifting its attention from the lucrative European market to Asia and Africa.
In 1997, fearing that Microsoft could control the cable industry if it came to dominate set-top box software, the leading cable companies at the time said that Cable Labs, the industry's research consortium, would set the technology standards for digital set-top boxes.
I.B.M.
Aetna Inc. lost money throughout last year, the company said yesterday, but it added that it was ''on track'' to return to an operating profit in 2002.
Gap, meanwhile, has named a new president; a new head of its children, baby and maternity business; and a designer for adult fashions.
A Coca-Cola spokesman, Randal W. Donaldson, characterized the move as a ''retirement 14 months from now.''
Microsoft flexed its muscle recently after it declared in the wake of the appeals court ruling in June that it would permit PC makers greater freedom in adding icons to rivals' software on the desktop screen for its next-generation operating system, Windows XP.
Microsoft has already picked up market share from its competitors,  he said, contending that ground had been gained against Oracle in the database business and I.B.M.
Similarly, Verizon Wireless, which is 51 percent owned by Verizon, the country's largest phone company, may be better able to weather increased competition than AT&T Wireless, a stand-alone public company.
NPR has received letters and e-mail messages from listeners since the Wal-Mart underwriting information began to be broadcast.
I.B.M.
''Dear CUSTOMER NAME,'' the message began, ''We'd like to thank you for being a Nordstrom customer, and let you know about all that we have to offer online 24 hours a day.''
In April, he left Marriott to join Proxicom, a Web development company in Reston, Va., as head of sales and marketing.
Intel, which has suffered a similar swoon to Compaq's on Wall Street since last August, rose 97 cents, to $28.58, yesterday.
After Morgan Stanley fired Ms. Schieffelin, the commission added a retaliation charge to her complaint against the firm.
The nine-page brief gives Microsoft the final word before a hearing on Wednesday but risks irritating the judge, Thomas Penfield Jackson, who did not ask for another filing from Microsoft when he laid out the schedule for the remedy phase of the case.
The Morgan Stanley filing is the first such disclosure by a Wall Street firm this year.
Microsoft and its rivals, like I.B.M.
As the redesign neared completion in February, I.B.M.
For Mattel, the question is whether Ms. Barad, who is so identified with Barbie, the company's flagship toy, and who is known mostly for her strengths in marketing, can turn the company around at a time when the toy industry is undergoing such rapid change.
Johnson & Johnson's popular treatment for congestive heart failure, Natrecor, became the latest drug swept up in questions about safety yesterday when an article in the journal Circulation said that the drug had reduced kidney function.
A spokesman for Coca-Cola, Randal W. Donaldson, said yesterday: ''We're disappointed with the Government's initial decision.
McDonald's has been working with Environmental Defense, an advocacy group, to bring about the change, which the company says has not increased the price of the chickens.
He added that Microsoft still hoped to resume negotiations with the commission.
As part of the settlement, Boeing did not acknowledge that it engaged in discrimination.
''People assume you must be swimming in dollars,'' Mr. Dobrish of Adobe said.
Indeed, Mr. Garwood said the Meteor project ''is an opportunity to take Raytheon on its own backyard and score a win for Europe.''
For months, that contract has come under attack as financially beneficial to Boeing at the expense of taxpayers.
Subscribers of Netflix, which does not offer videos, are allowed to rent three DVD's from the company at a time and to create an online list of movies that they would like to see.
When Ford Motor bought out Ford Canada, it paid 185 Canadian dollars a share.
''The real breakthrough is that we are using conventional manufacturing technology,'' said Randall D. Isaac, I.B.M.
Windows 2000, the latest version of Windows NT, Microsoft's operating system for corporate networks, is meant to answer criticism that NT is not robust, secure or reliable enough for the demands of World Wide Web servers.
Patent claims of 74-year-old inventor Leon Stambler over technology that is foundation of virtually all online commerce will come to trial next week in court test that could force huge payments from some of Internet's most powerful companies; legal challenge was filed two years ago against VeriSign Inc, RSA Security and four other companies by Stambler, who contends that software they use to let Internet commerce companies authenticate their customers and secure communications with customers violates his patents; patents have infuriated Internet security experts who contend Stambler patents imitate original work done by cryptographers at Stanford University and Massachusetts Institute of Technology during 1970's and 1980's (M)
In one example, the complaint charges that I.B.M.
The deal, which was expected, will make Micron Technology the world's largest maker of memory chips, with about 18 percent of the market, several percentage points more than Samsung.
Procter & Gamble takes on boys' grooming.
Unless Microsoft ships Memphis -- the code name for the successor for the Windows 95 operating system -- which now appears unlikely in time to help fiscal year 1998 profits, earnings growth may slow next year, he said.
The dispute represents a noticeable cooling off in the literary world's romance with Amazon, as growth in online book sales has slowed.
PC makers say that the icon stricture is not the only recent Microsoft move that has taken them by surprise.
will offer some of its new technology on its Intel-based servers, but analysts say the company's real advantage should come in servers using I.B.M.
Express Scripts dropped 8 cents, to $68.78.
Allstate competitors say that, for now, they are open for business and do not plan to seek higher premiums.
The Courtyard by Marriott II filing also said CBM would have enough cash to meet its mortgage and senior debt payments, which are senior to the Marriott loan.
He also cited Chevron's effective cost cutting and said the stock was undervalued in relation to earnings.
Despite Mr. Amelio's deep employment cuts and search for a strategy that would enable Apple to regain its status as a meaningful alternative to a PC world dominated by Microsoft operating systems, his turnaround efforts failed.
''People can tell you if they're riding in a BMW or a Lexus, but they can't tell you if they're riding in an Airbus or a Boeing.''
But this complaint appears particularly intriguing because it comes from a company with close ties to Microsoft -- and one that is engaged in a promising niche of the Internet software market in which the Government is investigating Microsoft tactics.
ComScore Networks reports that 24.5 million American homes had broadband Internet service in third quarter of 2003, nearly all of them obtaining it from local telephone company or cable company; says America Online and Microsoft's MSN, two leading dial-up providers, did have some success in persuading customers to use their services in addition to cable or phone company broadband; table (S)
The News Corporation's preferred stock, which will be used for the acquisition, fell 75 cents a share to close at $20.125 on the New York Stock Exchange.
In addition to Wal-Mart, several other major corporations are based in the area, including Tyson Foods, the world's largest meat producer, and J.B. Hunt Transport Services, the giant trucking company.
The Ford Motor Company said today that it would halt production at Brazilian factories for about a week beginning Friday, and had already warned that fourth-quarter profits would be hurt by the Brazil slowdown.
Susan A. Creighton, a Silicon Valley lawyer who has dogged Microsoft for years and only last month wrote a ''white paper'' assessing the antitrust issues raised by the company's new Windows XP operating system, is abandoning the chase.
But a person close to I.B.M.
More broadly, Microsoft's anticompetitive actions trammeled the competitive process through which the computer software industry generally stimulates innovation and conduces to the optimum benefit of consumers.''
The Government's suit and its courtroom attacks on Microsoft may have tarnished the company.
Microsoft calls all of the remedy proposals extreme and unwarranted.
Advertising Age reported that TBWA was also favored to land Apple assignments in markets like Latin America.
He said Allstate had raised its prices for home insurance by an average of more than 20 percent in 20 states.
As jurors began their deliberations on Thursday, Merck came under fire from The New England Journal of Medicine, which reported that scientists at Merck had hidden information about the heart risks of Vioxx from an article that the journal had published in November 2000.
On Center Runway, Boeing's Little 717
I.B.M.
Peter Caserta, the chief executive of Spectrum, said yesterday that his use of the term "hundreds of millions" was an estimate of royalties over the next seven years, and the estimate was based entirely upon A.T.& T. projections.
Merck-Medco has grown to be the nation's largest pharmacy benefit manager, filling 537 million prescriptions last year.
Dr William St John LaCorte contends Merck defrauded federal Medicare and Medicaid programs as it marketed its heartburn drug Pepcid to hospitals and nursing homes in 1990's; says in whistle-blower suit that when he prescribed Zantac to his patients in hospitals and nursing homes, he later found that they were given Pepcid without his permission; contends his patients suffered because Pepcid can be more toxic than Zantac if lower does is not used; also contends Merck gave hospitals substantial discounts on Pepcid to prompt them to switch patients to that drug; Merck spokesman Christopher Loder says suit lacks merit (M)
Yahoo, by contrast, said its advertising sales had increased to $147.4 million, up 22 percent from a year ago.
Concept car proposed by MIT Media Lab in consultation with Frank Gehry and General Motors has casterlike wheels for 'smart' parallel parking and on-board transponders to find parking spot; photo; team is led by Ryan Chin and Prof William J Mitchell (Currents column) (S)
As of yesterday, a total ban on Coke products remained in Luxembourg; France and Belgium allowed the sale of some brands, but not Coca-Cola, Fanta or Sprite -- the company's biggest sellers.
''Our entire enterprise is performing at levels that they have never performed at before,'' said Ronald B. Woodard, head of Boeing's commercial airplane business.
''Microsoft has the magic dust that I.B.M.
These included what Mr. Kasky has said were overly favorable descriptions of a report that Andrew Young, former ambassador to the United Nations, issued after investigating conditions at Nike's overseas factories, as well as claims that a Nike executive made at a shareholders' meeting in describing factory conditions.
Further disappointing Wall Street, Intel executives said first-quarter revenue was likely to be lower than expected as well.
Microsoft, the Government said, must offer a current version of Windows that removes ''only the software that enables Web browsing with no other function degraded.''
Reciting King Henry V's fabled rallying cry to his troops, Mr. Roche, president of Northrop Grumman's Electronic Sensors and Systems Sector, is the self-crowned leader of his own company's effort to imbue its top executives with management skills inspired by characters in Shakespeare's 400-year-old plays.
In February, the company introduced its Amazon Prime shipping service, in which customers can pay $79 a year for two-day shipping on all purchases, and it continues to offer free shipping on orders over $25.
She runs a business called Nancobbler's Movies and More, which exists solely on eBay.
Target, which is based in Minnesota, has made the Blue Cross program available in its pharmacies since February.
Microsoft Plans To Continue Java Support
In the most recent quarter, Nokia had 34.2 percent of the worldwide market compared with 14.7 percent for Motorola, according to industry research released last week by Gartner Dataquest.
According to the proxy, Citigroup's senior executive compensation committee evaluated Mr.
Then came Wednesday, April 26, five days before the latest negotiating deadline, when Time Warner's rights to carry the ABC network were to expire.
They promote Advantix, the Kodak version of the Advanced Photo System, which uses new technology developed with four other camera and film producers including Minolta and Fuji Photo.
Wal-Mart said it would appeal the class-action certification, arguing that the company did not discriminate and that decisions about raises and promotion were made by individual stores, not at the corporate level.
Second, the standard industry practice became for the major companies to invoke their intellectual property claims mainly ''defensively,'' if they were sued.
Other issues include job stress, mandatory overtime and a new contract for the handful of employees at Verizon Wireless who are already union members.
Two software programmers who left Microsoft after spearheading the introduction of its Xbox video game console have reunited in a start-up games company.
An analyst for Credit Suisse First Boston has said the ban is costing Coca-Cola Enterprises some $3.4 million in revenues a day.
East Coast, where air fares have remained stubbornly high, is beginning to see fare-cutting competition with arrival of Southwest Airlines, which is about to open service to four cities from MacArthur Airport on Long Island; Southwest has already expanded to Baltimore, Providence, Manchester and several Florida cities, and fares have fallen sharply in each place, even on routes not served by discounter; graphs; US Airways and Delta respond by expanding their discount subsidiaries; East accounts for forty percent of $52 billion spent on airline tickets annual in US, and New York in particular is ripe for competition (M)
VeriSign Inc, producer of online security software, acquires Network Solutions Inc, Virginia-based company that maintains master list of Internet addresses, in stock swap valued at $21 billion, costliest acquisition of Internet company to date; analysts say price is astonishing because Network Solutions no longer enjoys monopoly in registration of domain names and will see growing competition in years to come (M)
By selling its communications grid, I.B.M.
Intel Corp reports first-quarter earnings of $1.27 billion, down 36 percent from first 1997 quarter; sales fall 7 percent, to $6 billion; results exceed Wall Street analysts' revised forecasts; Intel expects second-quarter results to be flat or slightly down relative to first quarter; plans to cut about 3,000 jobs over next six months; chart (M)
Allergan said the deal would have a neutral effect on its earnings per share next year and would produce gains thereafter.
Ruling on the earlier case, the appeals court said that Microsoft could assert that its Internet browser program for navigating the World Wide Web was an integral part of its industry-standard Windows operating system.
Omnicom Unit Gets Adobe Systems Job
South Africa's flagship airline, the state-controlled South African Airways, will spend about $770 million on new aircraft from the Boeing Company and make the American company the sole supplier of planes for its fleet.
"It's a huge mistake to draw the conclusion that because AT&T is pulling out, there is no market here," said Jim Freeze, director of application-based network services at Compuserve, a unit of H & R Block .
For much of that time, he was responsible for Wal-Mart's loss prevention department, which investigated alleged theft and fraud by employees.
Beginning in January, Comcast will begin offering the CBS shows to digital subscribers in markets served by the network's owned and operated stations, which includes the nation's seven largest markets.
The network is a partnership of Time Warner, the Tribune Company television stations group and his own company, Acme Broadcasting.
Price increases put through last year by Coca-Cola were partly to blame for Sprite's disappointing results, as was a slowdown in demand among younger shoppers for carbonated soft drinks as they stepped up sampling of waters, teas and juices.
Today, unlike most other companies that lost many people, Marsh & McLennan -- the largest insurance broker in the world -- refuses to talk about Sept. 11 and its aftermath.
Coca-Cola Co signs six-year endorsement deal with NBA rookie LeBron James, calling for him to promote Powerade and Sprite; deal is estimated to be worth more than $2 million each year (M)
THE MARKETS: Market Place; Chief of Goldman Sachs Apologizes For Remarks on Firm's Productivity
In addition, Microsoft offered to put the changes into effect worldwide.
Verizon Seen Introducing Phone Service Via Internet
The Fleet acquisition will, for the first time, give Bank of America a presence in New England.
While Medco now accounts for more than half of Merck's revenues, with roughly $26 billion of Merck's $48 billion in sales last year, it contributes very little to the drug company's bottom line.
Michael Lotito, a longtime top media executive, is leaving his post as president and chief operating officer at Initiative Media North America in New York, part of the Initiative Media Worldwide unit of the Interpublic Group of Companies, to head a new business-development venture for Interpublic.
Kodak said it would eliminate just 17,700 of the 19,900 jobs it had promised to cut by year-end.
Delta said that it had reached a $600 million financing agreement with American Express Travel Related Services, including a $100 million loan.
Fewer Computer Users Give Microsoft a Positive Rating
Wednesday's session of the hearing will give the floor to competitor firms, including United Technologies, whose Pratt & Whitney aircraft engines division would be directly affected by the deal.
State prosecutors and Clinton administration officials had repeatedly emphasized that Microsoft's antitrust violations demonstrated that a consent decree restricting the company's policies would never work to constrain the company from future violations.
Microsoft sketched out an abbreviated road map today of how it will introduce products that offer .Net capabilities.
Microsoft rebuffs public appeal by Mikhail Gorbachev for its chairman Bill Gates to intervene on behalf of Russian school principal Aleksandr Ponosov charged with software piracy; case has drawn wide public attention in Russia, in part because Ponosov says he innocently purchased computers with unauthorized Windows software already installed; Microsoft distances itself from prosecution and praises Russia's enforcement of intellectual property rights; much of personal computer software in use in Russia is obtained illicitly, according to groups like Business Software Association, whose members include Microsoft (M)
Florida jury awards $604 million in damages to financier Ronald O Perelman, who contends that Morgan Stanley defrauded him in 1998 into selling his stake in Coleman for shares of Sunbeam that later became worthless; verdict had been expected after unorthodox ruling by Judge Elizabeth T Maass, who heard case; she shifted burden of proof to Morgan Stanley, citing what she called firm's failure to produce documents; ruling will be appealed, with analysts predicting settlement may be forthcoming; verdict comes at difficult time for Morgan Stanley, which is struggling to overcome punishing campaign to unseat its chief executive Philip J Purcell; eight retired Morgan Stanley executives have proposed that firm be split in two, saying numerous legal and regulatory setbacls under Purcell and his chief counsel Donald G Kempf Jr have caused serious damage to firm's reputation; they and other critics claim defeats result from stubborn, if not confrontational, stance Purcell and Kempf have adopted toward regulators and litigants; Perelman suit reviewed (M)
Gap Inc chief executive Paul S Pressler acknowledges that fashion assortment at $6.5 billion Old Navy chain has not been quite fresh enough this fall; weakness at Old Navy could be trouble for Gap because division represents 40 percent of company's annual $16 billion in sales; photo (M)
WARNER-LAMBERT GETS PFIZER OFFER FOR $82.4 BILLION
Oracle's Bid For a Rival Heads to Trial
1 server company in the world today, bigger than I.B.M.
Many Conrail shareholders, however, have found Norfolk Southern's offer enticing, a sentiment many have conveyed to Conrail's directors.
Jack Myers, the chief economist for The Myers Report, an industry newsletter, noted that, ''up to 50 to 70 percent of the money put up by venture capitalists to start up these new- media companies got passed through in spending on traditional media.''
The original drug, called epoetin, is made by Amgen, which markets it under the brand name Epogen.
Among the sources Time Warner Cable consulted to track violators were public Web sites that promote the existence of these networks, including one operated by NYCWireless.
Personality aside, Mr. Stonecipher's return to active management was seen by analysts as a crucial opportunity for Boeing to repair its image in the wake of its latest crisis involving Mr. Sears.
Washington Group bought the unit, Raytheon Engineers and Constructors, for $53 million in cash in July, and assumed liabilities of $450 million.
Correction of Aug 2 headline about sale of Priceline.com shares to Liberty Media and Vulcan Ventures; seller was company founder Jay S Walker, not Priceline itself; picture caption misstated location where Walker was shown
But Judge P. Kevin Castel of United States District Court in Manhattan ruled Monday that Amgen was under no contractual obligation to continue supplying the drug.
In a separate regulatory filing yesterday, Interpublic said it was continuing to address the issue of whether it has enough accounting personnel and the necessary integration of computer systems.
SEATTLE, May 20 (Reuters) -- The Comcast Corporation has agreed to use the Microsoft Corporation's software for set-top boxes for up to five million users, the companies said on Thursday.
Microsoft also said that over the holidays it had sold 2.7 million copies of Gears of War, making the game the first major hit for the new generation of consoles, which also includes the Wii from Nintendo.
Microsoft then renewed its efforts unopposed, and in early 1995 the trademark office approved the registration of the Windows trademark.
Joan C Tronto letter sees civil liberties issues in America Online-Time Warner merger; cites AOL's bad track record on protecting privacy (S)
Ms. Wintour said she was perplexed by Procter & Gamble's decision to close the brand, citing the examples of the Gucci Group and LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton, which have remade once-dusty labels like Gucci, Yves Saint Laurent and Louis Vuitton into vibrant businesses with profitable clothing lines.
In another blow to consumer confidence in the security of personal data, the fashion giant Polo Ralph Lauren said yesterday that the credit card information of some customers may have been put at risk.
The extent of the changes, which cut across every aspect of Boeing's operations, is enormous.
College Bowl'' and Ronald Reagan's pitches from ''General Electric Theater.''
But he said Pfizer would probably attract some customers who now buy competing products, and the company expected to enroll some people whose illnesses now go untreated.
''I know Nike wants to actively pursue him and try to get him over to Nike,'' Alvarez said.
The departure of Mr. Belluzzo, 48, is part of a reorganization that is intended to give the heads of Microsoft's business divisions greater independence.
In the late 1980's, Frank Shrontz, then Boeing's chairman, realized that the company's planes cost too much and took too long to build.
On Dec. 11, Judge Jackson issued a preliminary injunction ordering Microsoft to offer computer makers the option of loading only Windows on their machines, and he appointed a special master to study the technical issues in the case and report back to the court by May 31.
J. P. Morgan and Citigroup also reached agreement with the Federal Reserve to put in tighter risk management controls.
Bank of America in Charlotte, N.C., asked the parent companies of agencies that work for it to assemble teams to compete for assignments that make up most of its account, with spending estimated at $165 million to $170 million.
Christopher Dixon, who follows the industry for Paine Webber Inc., said that the News Corporation was essentially transferring its interest in a mature business with little growth potential to a stake in a company that is focused on the faster-growing video listing business.
At last count, Merck's advisers, Goldman, Sachs and J. P. Morgan Chase, were planning to price Medco at $20 to $22, a retreat from their original hopes for $22 to $24.
''Microsoft is going to pay a very substantial amount of money to California in one way or another,'' Mr. Grossman said.
Still, the Times/CBS poll shows that opinions about Microsoft -- as a corporate symbol of wealth and technology -- can be complex and ambivalent, and still generally positive.
He added that Nick Mote, the worldwide account director for Whirlpool at Publicis, would relocate to Chicago from London.
Two years ago, the factory could not produce enough parts for even two Boeing 737-700's a month.
Alice Sheets Marriott, matriarch of the tight-knit family whose name stands on thousands of hotels worldwide, died on Monday in Washington.
In November, Boeing announced that it was phasing out the MD-80 and MD-90, two narrow-body jets produced by what is now called Boeing's Douglas Products division.
Standard & Poor's 500-stock index designates for deletion stocks of four venerable American corporations: Bethlehem Steel, W R Grace, Crown Cork and Seal and Owens-Illinois; replacements will be Intuit, Symbol Technologies, Allegheny Energy and Ambac Financial Group (M)
For now, Mr. O'Brien of Forrester Research does not envision the Honor System transaction fees generating major revenue for Amazon.
A federal judge ruled yesterday that a lawsuit that accuses Wal-Mart Stores Inc. of discriminating against women can proceed as a class action covering about 1.6 million current and former employees, making it by far the largest workplace-bias lawsuit in United States history.
Amgen in Deal for Potential Nerve Disorder Treatments
When General Motors conducted its quarterly earnings teleconference last Thursday, the first question from Wall Street was not about Cadillac cars or Chevrolet trucks or the company's no-interest financing deals.
Citigroup is the model of a financial services supermarket, where the combination of a big institutional bank and a large consumer-lending arm can enhance its strengths with a lower cost of financing.
That early opinion set a framework for Apple's store strategy, according to Mr. Johnson, a retailing executive who stepped off the fast track at Target to come to Apple.
The last network to rely on made-for television movies on Sunday nights, CBS is expected to drop that two-hour block in favor of dramas.
Ed Zander, Sun's president and chief operating officer, told analysts during Thursday's conference call that the latest figures from market researchers at Dataquest showed that Sun passed I.B.M.
Kraft Foods prices its initial public offering above high end of its preliminary price range, indicating that underwriters led by Salomon Smith Barney and Credit Suisse First Boston persuaded investors to ignore highly unusual criticism of offering by Goldman, Sachs analyst; shares are priced at $31 apiece for total value of $8.68 billion for 16 percent of company being sold; Kraft previously gave range of $27 to $30; Goldman Sachs says fair value of stock is $25 a share (M)
Since then Overture and Google, another search engine, actively bid for Yahoo's business.
The AT&T Corporation, which owns 52 percent of EO, has made a number of investments in Silicon Valley companies that are trying to design computers and software that recognize handwriting and permit workers in the field to stay connected through electronic mail.
Global volume will grow by 4 to 5 percent, he predicts, down from the 6 percent growth recorded last year and well off the 7 to 8 percent growth target of Coca-Cola's management.
Federal regulators trying to determine how much the Ford Motor Company knew about defective tires used on its Explorers expanded their investigation today by demanding that the company provide detailed information on any tire problems in 16 countries outside the United States.
Both SuSE and Ximian offer desktop versions of Linux, a market that is emerging, particularly outside the United States, as governments and companies look for a cost-saving alternative to Microsoft's Windows.
There, I was directed to stand under a ''Sell Books Here'' sign (a primitive version of Amazon's ''Sell Your Stuff'' button).
But Comcast has not been as adroit in assessing the reaction of its own shareholders and investors, who are lukewarm on the merger and would probably oppose a higher bid for Disney.
The deal with the United States, Europeans say, favors the American International Group, whose operations in China are wholly owned by the company.
Citigroup's announcement means that Mr. Menezes, another executive who had been considered in the running for the top job at Citigroup, will no longer have a business line reporting to him.
Charles DiBona, an analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, said Oracle should not fight the lawsuit because it would be a tremendous distraction for Oracle's executives, taking away time and energy that would be better spent focused on the business.
William C. Steere Jr., the chief executive of Pfizer Inc., will retire at the end of the year and will be replaced by Henry A. McKinnell, a 29-year manager of the drug company, who has long been seen as its next top executive.
Ms. Skidmore of Merck said the company had already released the results of all the significant trials it ran, whether successful or not, either through their publication in journals or through other means like summaries or abstracts presented at medical or scientific meetings.
The net effect of serial investigations and antitrust cases could be to make Microsoft act like a regulated utility, whatever its legal status is.
The Campbell counterthrust is indicative of a more confrontational attitude that has pervaded advertising, particularly in the once prosaic field of packaged goods.
That includes the printing this month of the first set of bills with the Verizon name to be sent to customers and the reprogramming of the greetings and closings heard by subscribers when they place operator-assisted, credit card or collect calls (James Earl Jones delivers many of these messages, just as he did in the past for Bell Atlantic).
If Disney resists its overture, Comcast could attempt to solicit Disney shareholders to replace the board.
CNN and Dow Jones Business News Services to Square Off on AT&T On-Line Forum
With help from I.B.M., the company is building a vast ''customer vehicle database'' that will, for example, allow the owner of a used Saab to look up the repair history of that car.
But at a time when most executives consider business travel as stressful as going to the dentist or doing their taxes, according to a recent survey by Microsoft, dig a little deeper into those carry-on bags and you'll find that some of the gadgets they treasure the most have more to do with making the trip bearable than with actually getting work done.
The New York attorney general and the Securities and Exchange Commission have been looking at Bank of America's role in their widening investigation of mutual fund trading, and a former broker at the bank is facing criminal charges.
Symantec, best known for the Norton line of security software, has 40 percent of the $2.7 billion market for antivirus software.
Kenneth Chang article on taking part in experiment on how well people compete against automated bidding robots, or bots, in auctions; says bot players are on average about 5 percent more profitable than people; International Business Machines Corp sponsors experiment; photo (M)
It was, as even Home Depot executives will concede, a 37-minute fiasco.
''Just got off the call with the Staples.com CFO the information is very light the projections are very aggressive,'' Mr. Sperduto said in a message to Mack Rossoff, the managing director of Wit's mergers and acquisitions department, at 11:20 a.m. on March 12.
But some analysts said the loss of the EasyJet order could force Boeing to reduce its forecast.
Amalgamated said in the complaint that it wanted to review the records ''to investigate possible breaches of fiduciary duty and fraud on the part of Marriott's board of directors.''
He also said the company planned to fight several recent shareholder lawsuits asserting Oracle was too sanguine about its prospects before its March 1 announcement.
Under the contract with Amazon, Toys ''R'' Us agreed to pay $50 million a year for 10 years for the exclusivity provision, which had a few exceptions, as well as a percentage of Toys ''R'' Us sales on the Amazon site.
AT&T is reported to have invested $40 million to $50 million in EO and the Go Corporation, a pioneer of pen software that was merged with EO earlier this year.
Although Ms. Francis has never worked on Madison Avenue, she has a lengthy résumé that includes jobs with blue-chip marketers like Ford Motor, General Motors and Procter & Gamble, and a brief foray into the dot-com realm.
But executives at I.B.M.
European Union approves importation of genetically modified corn from United States for animal feed, breaking six-year moratorium on biotechnology crops; decision will allow importation and sale of corn, but not its cultivation; Monsanto, corn's developer, hails decision; Bush administration says it will still press its case against European Union at World Trade Organization; holds Europe must have predictable, timely, science-based regulatory system for biotech products (M)
The work, like much at Apple, was a secret, and for his first year at the company Mr. Johnson was given an employee alias: John Bruce.
''Growth in China is absolutely amazing,'' said Rick Wagoner, the chairman of General Motors, in an otherwise subdued speech here on Wednesday.
When Yahoo Personals users search for dates, the search results will be accompanied with a message that says, ''If you like this person, you'll also like these people,'' and it provides a link to their profiles.
Some companies, in move to cut administrative costs and save on paper and postage, are billing customers few extra dollars per month for paper statements; leading charge are telecommunications companies like Primus and MetroPCS; some lenders and insurance providers like State Farm Insurance and USAA, are charging few customers for monthly paper statements; cedit card issuers like American Express are adding paper fees to merchant accounts, and online services that initially mailed statement, like NetBank and Ameritrade, online brokerage firm, have begun charging for them, setting standard for some new businesses that want to do same; these companies say consumers should be ready and even eager to go paperless because Internet transactions have become more secure, not to mention more familiar and accessible; some consumers argue that charging for paper bills punishes people who are not comfortable handling their finances online; photo (M)
It is also true that in the past Intel has not shied from the courtroom.
Speaking with analysts Thursday, Mr. Bryant conceded that if its rival, Advanced Micro Devices, was able to meet its forecasts, the supply issue could cause Intel to lose market share in the fourth quarter.
The dispute has centered on how much Time Warner will pay for Disney's Toon, Soap and Disney cable channels.
Intel Officer Says High Taxes Could Send Plant Overseas
Last December, James R. Houghton, then Corning's chief executive, and Wendell P. Weeks, his heir apparent, dropped by the local chapter of the American Flint Glass Workers Union for some informal Christmas cheer.
At a minimum, AT&T must be hoping that the encouraging signs at the cable unit will flush out a serious competing offer to Comcast's.
After Mr. Stern's attack, CBS filed its 43-page complaint, which accused him of ''multiple breaches of contract, fraud, unjust enrichment and misappropriation of CBS Radio's broadcast time.''
When a Paris court ordered Ralph Lauren to stop selling knockoffs of Yves Saint Laurent's tuxedo dresses in 1994, the message was clear: fashion, at least in France, can be subject to protection from the scheming scissors of competitors.
Even so, experts said there was no guarantee Boeing's board would move forward.
Dirk Reyn, a Johnson & Johnson executive, wrote back to support the decision to ban Propulsid for premature babies, saying, ''We do have cases and there is a scientific rationale for this.''
If Boeing cannot land the deal, it will have to work much harder to win commercial sales of the 767 to keep the line going, Mr. Nisbet said.
The particular provision that the court was called upon to construe in Microsoft II referred to integrated products.
Today, Coca-Cola officials dismissed AmBev's accusations as groundless.
At the same time, it means new lines of sporting equipment and school supplies and a range of new ''services,'' including perhaps ice skating and chess classes, that are beyond the reach of Wal-Mart and other mass merchants.
Intel also announced that it was making quicker progress on an initiative it introduced at its annual developer conference last year to reduce the power required for processing by a factor of 10.
Last week, shareholders slapped Waste Management with a suit for securities fraud, contending that the company had given out falsely optimistic information even as several executives, including Mr. Proto and Mr. Sangalis, were selling large blocks of their personal holdings.
This is the second time that Kodak has reached outside for a top executive with technological expertise.
The weakness in the cellular phone business hurts Motorola twice since the phone units are major customers of the company's semiconductor group.
Jacqueline Woods, Oracle's vice president for global pricing and licensing strategy, said the program was in direct response to requests from customers for pricing and licensing information they can use for comparison in shopping.
Google, which continues to increase its share of both users and advertising revenue, produces 40 percent more revenue from each search than Yahoo does, industry experts say, thanks to software that is better at selecting relevant text advertisements to place on a page of search results.
INTEL TO USE I.B.M.
Mr. Lee not only established Microsoft's research labs in China, but he is also an expert in areas like natural language and speech-recognition technologies -- important ingredients to Internet search today and to the way people will interact with computers in the future.
The issues at Verizon, formed in June by Bell Atlantic's acquisition of the GTE Corporation, reflect less poorly on the company's executives.
During the third quarter, Amazon's investment in new technology and content increased 42 percent, to $171 million.
Most of the companies named in Judge Jackson's ruling declined to comment yesterday on the possibility of private antitrust suits against Microsoft.
"We expect to be competitive, but we won't lock in on prices until we're pretty close to the actual release of the product," said Tom Evslin, vice president of AT&T Worldnet Services, one of three new business units established.
But analysts said that there was some merit to Advanced Micro's assertions of higher performance on existing applications, if no way to prove them at this time, and that the company's strategy made sense in light of Intel's market dominance.
Enron Corp borrowed money in financial markets using credit-sensitive notes; notes are intended to send signal that company is more creditworthy that it appears, yet they could end up actually affecting its credit rating, or, in dire circumstances, even accelerating its demise; Bear, Stearns says $100 million in credit-sensitive notes that it helped Enron sell in 1989 were first ever; several other companies have issued similar notes, including AT&T Corp and British Airways; graph (M)
Microsoft then, company executives said at the time, considered Washington a distant and largely irrelevant dot on the map, far removed both physically and spiritually from its headquarters just outside Seattle.
''The excessively long briefs Microsoft seeks to file would burden the court and inevitably delay disposition of the appeal,'' the government wrote.
Mr. Ayling said Boeing would remain British Airways' sole provider of long-haul planes.
Verizon, which finished last year with about 1.8 million broadband customers, has said it may need nearly twice that many to begin making money from the service.
Ending years of speculation, the Target Corporation announced yesterday that it might jettison both its department store divisions: Mervyn's, with 266 stores, and Marshall Field's, the much-talked-about Midwest chain, led by a glittering, recently renovated Chicago flagship.
1 priority would be to ''restore credibility'' with the Defense Department and Boeing's civilian customers.
In yesterday's conference call, Mr. Condit said the decision to leave had been his and it followed about a week and a half of lengthy discussions with the Boeing board.
I.B.M.
But industry rivals say that as long as Microsoft can bundle these products into Windows, PC makers are unlikely to remove the link to Microsoft's products and feature competing software instead -- unless the non-Microsoft offering is vastly superior.
The Nike Women's Marathon pays tribute to the idea that running geeks can also be girly girls by mixing athletic offerings like gait analysis and sports massage with free facials the day before the race.
Comcast's $44.5 billion hostile bid in July put AT&T Broadband into play, and now has put the business into the Roberts's hands, turning Comcast into the nation's No.
MBNA's top management and its advisers, led by Michael E. Martin and Olivier Sarkozy of UBS, Edward D. Herlihy of the law firm of Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz and Joseph R. Perella, the veteran deal maker who left Morgan Stanley amid the firm's turmoil in April, huddled to consider Plan B: trying to sell the company to Bank of America.
''But Woodstock cannot be crucified on the cross of CVS.''
Aetna said the Prudential loss would fall $100 million further late this year and disappear in early 2001.
The move by I.B.M.
Robert J. Herbold, the chief operating officer at Microsoft, said two weeks ago that the company's own polls found that most people viewed the antitrust case as consumers.
Intel's expected decision to enter the television market is another powerful indicator of the computer industry's assault on the consumer electronics industry.
Rupert Murdoch is expected to announce that he will buy out shareholders of his Fox properties for about $7 billion; deal would solidify his control over some of nation's most valuable media assets and help simplify complicated structure of News Corp, his far-flung company; it also puts him in better position to leverage his full ownership of Fox Entertainment Group for future deals (M)
Carnival produced the initial statistics in connection with a lawsuit in Miami against the company by a former employee who said she was raped and sodomized by an officer aboard a ship last Aug. 13.
''For years, probably all the way back to Henry Ford the first, there has always been kind of a cult of personality that has swirled around the Ford Motor Company,'' he said.
I.B.M.
''Demand is kind of lousy, and competition is heating up with A.M.D.,'' said Hans Mosesmann, a managing director at Prudential Securities, referring to Advanced Micro Devices, a competitor of Intel's.
Some Boeing workers subsequently challenged the settlement, which was brokered by the Rev.
You need access to information from Microsoft employees.
Comcast has been slow to expand into programming.
In an article on its Web site last evening, The Wall Street Journal reported that jurors it did not identify had said the jury had deadlocked 8 to 1, with the majority favoring Merck.
3M Chief Said to Get Boeing Job
Three Citigroup colleagues, Oliver Bell, 24; Jesse Serventi, 25; and Sandra Nudelman, 24, led the drive.
''Many of eBay's challenges correlate closely with Google's rise to prominence over the past three to four years,'' said Derek Brown, an analyst with Pacific Growth Equities who has had a sell recommendation on the stock since 2003.
Frenzied merger activity in last week could propel four regional telecommunications companies, SBC, Qwest, Verizon and BellSouth, into level of direct competition they have worked deftly to avoid; analysts say SBC and Qwest could use AT&T and MCI networks as entrees into new parts of nation, forcing Verizon and BellSouth to fight back; drawing (M)
''Net sales of stocks by banks and corporations have decelerated late last year and early this year, compared to the two years previous,'' said Alexander Kinmont, chief equity strategist at Morgan Stanley Dean Witter in Tokyo.
Merck-Medco and two other large drug plan managers have been sued by several employers and drug plan members.
MAY 1998 -- The Justice Department and 20 states sue Microsoft, saying it illegally thwarted competition to protect and extend its software monopoly.
At Citigroup, the less-than-stellar returns of the Smith Barney mutual funds -- combined with the asset management division's negligible contribution to the company's bottom line -- have prompted the chief executive, Charles O.
Goldman Sachs Group names Philip Murphy and Peter Kraus, co-heads of its private wealth management unit, to succeed John P McNulty who retires as head of investment management division (M)
A Pfizer spokeswoman, An Phan, said that Ms. Bracco's television ads would not mention Zoloft.
For all of 1997, Kodak said it made $5 million, or 1e cent a share, compared with $1.288 billion, or $3.82 a share, for all of 1996.
They include charges that Morgan Stanley paid other firms to provide research coverage, compensated its research analysts, in part, based on the degree to which they helped generate investment banking business, offered research coverage by its analysts as a marketing tool to gain investment banking business, and failed to establish adequate procedures to protect research analysts from conflicts of interest.
The union's leadership had strongly endorsed the proposed contract, which Boeing put forward early Saturday morning after nearly two weeks of intense bargaining at a hotel outside Seattle.
The commission said that Microsoft might have violated European antitrust rules by ''using illegal practices to extend its dominant position in the market for personal computer operating systems into the market for low-end server operating systems.''
After the "i plan" commercials stopped running, said James D. Speros, brand management director for A.T.& T. corporate advertising in New York, a decision was made not to renew Mr. Selleck's contract for only the few "You will" commercials.
And Mr. Amelio, uttering words that might have once been blasphemous but now simply sound pragmatic, said Apple was ''genuinely seeking to build a healthy and growing relationship with Microsoft.''
Ford Motor Co's Lincoln Mercury division will have exhibits at US Open tennis tournament in Flushing Meadows that seeks to align company with a new idea of American luxury, one that is casual, energetic and optimistic; exhibits are examples of experience marketing, in which companies offer consumers an experience beyond just selling a product; drawing (M)
Instead, Mr. Norris said, I.B.M.
He said that when he complained about Word's poor grammar-checking performance, Microsoft's developers defensively likened the grammar checker to an artificial leg -- something useful for people who cannot walk otherwise.
But it added that the cost of producing the new plane would determine whether Boeing would build more than the 50 orders received from Airtran, the airline formerly known as Valujet.
Nonetheless, Mr. Malone's purchases could be particularly troublesome as the News Corporation reincorporates in the United States and large blocks of stock come on the market as Australian funds sell their holdings.
Fidelity's belt-tightening comes after job cuts at other fund and financial services companies, including Putnam Investments and the Charles Schwab Corporation.
Though Motorola is not a big competitor in the computer business, its overall size, strong brand name and reputation for quality have heartened Apple loyalists who have been beleaguered by the company's declining sales and management turmoil in the last year or so.
Verizon's Best Next Move?
''We talked to hundreds of moms and hundreds of boys, and it was so clear, this is a void that needs filling,'' said Karen Frank, the chief executive of OTOvertime, who as an independent marketing consultant helped Procter develop the line.
General Electric, balancing a softening in sales with a ratcheting up of productivity, said yesterday that its fourth-quarter earnings rose 16 percent even though revenue gained only 6 percent.
''The trend is troubling, even though Microsoft's favorable-rating level remains very high,'' said Nicholas Donatiello, president of Odyssey, a market research firm in San Francisco that studies consumers' views on technology companies.
So far, security tests have shown that the flaw exists in three of the four most popular E-mail programs, used by perhaps tens of millions of people around the world: Microsoft's Outlook Express and Outlook 98 and Netscape Mail, part of Netscape's Communicator suite of Internet programs.
In early 1996, within weeks of learning about the meningitis epidemic from an Internet site, Pfizer, the world's largest pharmaceutical company, sent a six-member research team to the Infectious Disease Hospital in Kano, Nigeria, a strife-torn city suffering concurrent epidemics of bacterial meningitis, measles and cholera.
Target, Wal-Mart's chief discount rival, reported yesterday that sales for the year were $46.84 billion, an increase of 11 percent over 2003, with net income of $3.51 a share.
Since search advertisers pay only for an ad that gets a click, Google can earn significantly more money for each page than Yahoo does.
But this is no longer his father's Ford Motor Company.
Unlike S3 and other recent initiatives, Fulfillment by Amazon involves the movement of physical goods instead of digital information.
Microsoft has long provided a media player in Windows, but the technology has become more important as music and video are distributed widely over the Internet.
RealNetworks was a principal witness against Microsoft in the European case.
The departure of Mr. Black, a vice chairman and a former chief operating officer at Salomon Smith Barney, comes a week after the ouster of the Citigroup president, James Dimon, who was effectively replaced by Mr. Carpenter and Victor J. Menezes.
Citigroup disclosed the relationship in its proxy statement last year and said that Mr.
The United Automobile Workers union's contract with a critical supplier of the General Motors Corporation will expire at the same time, and the union has prepared itself for a strike.
He told a conference call with analysts that ''many customers were determined not to let Oracle's hostile takeover attempt hurt PeopleSoft.''
European antitrust regulators met in Brussels yesterday to decide whether concessions submitted by Time Warner and its proposed partners, America Online and the EMI Music Group, were sufficient to allay European concerns that the planned deals would choke competition in the Internet distribution of music.
Humana was not the only late payer.
But Qwest was ultimately outbid by a rival, Verizon Communications.
Through Yahoo Groups, a service that lets anyone set up an e-mail list on a given theme, more than 150 groups of former employees -- including former workers at a DaimlerChrysler plant in Argentina and ex-teammates from the Toronto Blue Jays -- have started such information exchanges.
Executives of General Motors Corp acknowledge that company will be unable to increase its share of booming auto market soon; they also announce that company will bundle its Internet-related assets together in single unit called e-GM; e-GM will comprise all GM Internet initiatives worldwide, including Web sites and program called Onstar, which uses satellites to link motorists to GM staff members 24 hours a day for assistance; Internet unit will also lead efforts to integrate electronic commerce through all GM business lines and back-office functions; GM names Mark T Hogan to lead unit (M)
The team's reasoning stems from the mid-1990's, when Angelos created TCR, a television company that sold Orioles cable rights to Home Team Sports, which Comcast eventually acquired knowing that after the 2006 season, those rights would revert to the Orioles, who could do as they pleased with them.
''It's as easy to use as Apple's single-button mouse,'' said David Moody, vice president for worldwide Macintosh product marketing.
Antitrust regulators from the 15 member nations of the European Union will gather here on March 15 to discuss a European Commission antitrust ruling against Microsoft, a diplomat close to one national regulator said on Wednesday.
But Johnson & Johnson's shareholders have apparently shared management's concern about overpaying for Guidant.
''We're interested in growing in Brazil, both organically and through more acquisitions,'' said Aprígio Rello Jr., vice president for corporate affairs and logistics at Wal-Mart Brasil.
The downgrade by Moody's Investors Service came after New Jersey reported that income tax receipts for December and January were $700 million less than expected when the budget was adopted last summer.
With auto sales in the United States, the most important market for General Motors, running at a record pace so far this year, the company's results were disappointing, analysts said.
Despite Brazil's smooth transition to a left-leaning government, two major American banks -- J. P. Morgan Chase and Bank of America -- announced today that they were reducing their operations in the country.
TouchStream MacNTouch keyboard from FingerWorks, to be used with Apple laptops, arranges keys in what company says is more ergonomic layout; photo (M)
But both he and the majority of the family have long harbored a deep dislike for the way Mr. Murdoch runs his newspapers.
At the end of June, the company said that a group formed by Southern Union and General Electric had offered $2.35 billion for CrossCountry Energy, the Enron unit that operates the company's original business, natural gas pipelines that stretch from Texas to California and Florida.
Boeing recently began producing 737's at a pace of 14 a month, up from 7 a month, and plans to increase that to 21 a month later this year.
Johnson & Johnson is expected to announce today that it will acquire the Alza Corporation, a fast-growing concern that creates alternative ways to deliver medicine to the human body, for $11.8 billion in stock, executives close to the deal said.
It is unclear how much Comcast wants to give AOL what it wants, now that Comcast is the undisputed leader in cable.
The contenders are the Canon A630, the Casio Exilim Zoom EX-Z700, the Fuji FinePix F30, the Hewlett-Packard Photosmart R827, the Kodak EasyShare C875, the Nikon Coolpix S7c, the Olympus Stylus 740, the Panasonic Lumix DMC-FX3, the Pentax Optio A20, the Samsung Digimax NV3 and the Sony Cyber-Shot DSC-W100.
The recent history of attempts to combine media content and distribution businesses means the Comcast bid for Disney must overcome skepticism among many investors.
But people close to Axel Springer say executives there are much more worried about Mr. Murdoch than about Mr. Kirch: If Mr. Murdoch obtained control of Kirch, he would also acquire Kirch's big stake in Axel Springer and, they said, might try to use newspapers like Bild as a mouthpiece for his conservative views.
Ms. Conigliaro, however, said it was ''too late for Dell to gain an advantage'' from the Opteron chip, which is regarded as superior to current offerings by Intel.
In the trial, Microsoft asserted that its technology, called Active X, was developed internally and tried to show that similar research predated Mr. Doyle's work.
I.B.M., which is based in New York, allegedly ran the operation to help the Nazis from an office in Geneva, according to the Gypsies' lawsuit.
By contrast, Mr. Foster said, his favorite theme for the chain was ''Did somebody say (pause) McDonald's?''
Mr. Cantalupo was taken to a hospital about 4 a.m. yesterday, Walt Riker, a McDonald's spokesman said.
''We realized that Goldman Sachs would be the best owner for this business,'' Michael Zilkha said in an interview, citing his company's growing recent investments in places like New York and Oklahoma, where the company is developing a combined 350 megawatts of projects.
Disney closed yesterday at $28, up 40 cents, while the diminished worth of Comcast's own shares made the takeover offer worth $23.53 a Disney share.
The company began its Priceline Long Distance Service yesterday.
But she said the company was discussing its decision with eBay's top sellers.
The linkage of media with other sources of revenue is illustrated by Microsoft's Sidewalk, a planned nationwide network of on-line city guides.
Premiums from commercial insurance jumped 30 percent at the American International Group in the first quarter and contributed to a 6.7 percent increase in profit, the company said yesterday.
As for guests, 11 of the 940 registered that day were ''unaccounted for,'' said Cathy Duffy, a spokeswoman for Marriott.
''Most of the people who deal with her are professional men, and their ability to critique her can't be taken out of the context of them being men,'' said Sean McGowan, an analyst who follows Mattel for Gerard Klauer Mattison.
Craig Barrett, president and chief executive of Intel, issued a statement this morning praising the proposed deal.
Intel has spent much of the last year shifting to new manufacturing processes that it says will drive costs down.
Bankstocks.com has received over 100 replies since posting the request in June, some from Bank of America e-mail addresses, the firm said.
In the past, however, Comcast and Cox have not been pleased to confront AT&T in At Home's boardroom.
Found in Barneys, Bergdorf Goodman, Banana Republic and even Wal-Mart, the printed cotton shirts with the traditional pointed collars, have emerged as the new casual shirt, replacing the previously omnipresent polo knit shirt in many wardrobes, fashion executives and retail analysts say.
These days, only about 26 percent of sales to elementary and secondary schools are for Apple computers, according to estimates from IDC.
Eight dissident executives fighting for control of Morgan Stanley submit third letter to firm's directors, asking for meeting to discuss their criticism of chief executive Philip J Purcell; letter poses 14 questions to directors, raising doubts about conduct of board and Purcell with relation to recent departure of several executives, proposed spinoff of Discover credit card unit and regulatory and legal scrapes that have embroiled Morgan Stanley; letter comes amid signs that some public pension funds may join campaign against Purcell's leadership; California Public Employees' Retirement System, or Calpers, says it is 'concerned about the issue' and that it is considering asking for meeting with Morgan Stanley; Calpers owns 5.9 million shares of company; such meeting would follow critical comments from Orin S Kramer, hedge fund manager who handles $70 billion New Jersey pension fund; letter also asks if board approved Purcell's decision to force resignations of Vikram S Pandit, John P Havens and Stephan F Newhouse, senior executives who left in days after Purcell's management shake-up; photos (M)
As guests are talking, Amazon will display buttons that will let viewers instantly buy the book, DVD or CD they are discussing, as well as links to pages with their other works or those by similar artists.
Top executives at nearly half companies required to do so have certified their financial statements ahead of Aug 14 deadline; many companies remain confused about their responsibilities and potential penalties; most companies are expected to file statements with Securities and Exchange Commission, and have been reviewing their figures and consulting with their lawyers for weeks; Interpublic Group of Companies announces modest earnings restatement after such review; several large companies are doing large-scale reviews of their accounting, including WorldCom, Qwest Communications International and CMS Energy, have said they will not fulfill orders; plan to file explanation of their failure to meet deadline; Tyco International says is not covered by SEC order because it is incorporated in Bermuda, but company is affected by separate provision of corporate governance law passed late last month; certifications are intended to reassure investors; among executives who have already filed with SEC are Apple Computer's Steven P Jobs, General Electric's Jeffrey R Immelt and Amazon's Jeffrey P Bezos; photos (M)
Today, I.B.M.
As that date approached, Enron asked Citigroup to extend the time in which it was allowed to make good on its side of the transaction, according to e-mail messages between senior Citigroup loan executives.
In fact, the department said that one of its goals in devising a remedy remained ''opening the operating system market to competition,'' which could break Microsoft's monopoly.
"Maybe the things that will be interesting will come out of basements and garages, not large organizations like CNN or AT&T or even The New York Times," he said.
A second argument in European regulators' antitrust case against Microsoft concerns interoperability.
For the nation's wireless carriers, Google, Yahoo and Microsoft ''are much bigger threats than they are partners,'' he added.
Capital One Reported in Deal Of $14.6 Billion for North Fork
Frank P. Quattrone, the highflying investment banker who handled hot stock offerings like Cisco Systems and Amazon.com during the technology boom, resigned from Credit Suisse First Boston yesterday after refusing to cooperate with an investigation into his banking practices.
Mr. Maiffret said that he was surprised that it took Microsoft so long to issue a patch.
The executives would not comment on the price that Yahoo will pay.
Citigroup, which is under scrutiny from regulators and Congress for role in series of financial scandals, ousts Michael A Carpenter as chief executive of its investment bank, Salomon Smith Barney; replaces him with Charles O Prince, more senior executive with legal background; chairman Sanford I Weill says he and vice chairman Robert E Rubin will be more involved in management of Salomon, which is under investigation for role in financing failed Enron Corp, WorldCom and several other troubled telecommunications companies; photos (M)
''Microsoft is doing what in the army is called 'dumb obedience,' '' said Andrew Schulman, author of ''Unauthorized Windows 95,'' a guide to the programming features of Windows.
General Motors Hires Away A Top Renault Designer
In fact, it was Kodak's refusal to spend $1 million to be the official film of the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles that gave Fuji its first marketing toehold.
Although a Morgan Stanley executive certified in June 2004 that the firm had produced all documents and e-mail messages required by the court, the company found additional documents and e-mail messages months after they should have been turned over to Mr. Perelman's lawyers.
Wearing his trademark black turtleneck and frayed jeans with no belt, Mr. Jobs used his 90-minute address to the Apple faithful to underline the signs of the company's revival.
The Octagon sports marketing division of the Interpublic Group of Companies has merged two units -- Advantage International in Washington and API Group in London -- after Octagon acquired the 40 percent of API that it did not already own.
Disney also announced that it was teaming up with the Comcast Corporation to acquire control of E!
Yahoo Reports Revenue Gains Bolstered by Online Ads
The United Automobile Workers continued contract negotiations today with General Motors and Delphi, the parts giant spun off from G.M.
Mr. Rose said the real problem was that Compaq was deleting some on-screen icons, including one for Internet Explorer, that Microsoft had pre-loaded.
The company will have $12.2 billion in annual sales and will be a dominant player in the increasingly important refrigerated section of supermarkets, where General Mills sells Yoplait and Colombo yogurt and Pillsbury is a key purveyor of ready-to-bake cookies and biscuits, and in the food-service sector, which supplies products to restaurants and institutions.
''It would be difficult to find a job for which she is not intellectually capable,'' said Geoff Ralston, Yahoo's former chief product officer, who left the company in April.
Stuart Cohen, chief executive of the Open Source Development Labs, said, ''This is a very positive step for Microsoft to take,'' adding: ''All this points to the problem of intellectual property litigation in software, and why so many countries around the world are looking at software patent reform.
General retailers like Amazon.com and Target, shown above, did well on Cyber Monday, which follows Thanksgiving weekend.
And Mattel says it will soon offer a line of interactive products that includes Barbie, a series based on American girls in different historical periods, and Rockett.
Mr. Pittman, several executives with long tenure at the Time Warner said, is perceived as a known quantity.
microchip technology for use in its Xbox game consoles, a step that could help make I.B.M.
According to Mr. Moore, Slate is garnering additional traffic from a closer integration with msn.com, Microsoft's umbrella site for consumers.
StatMarket reports formerly heated battle between Web browser software made by Microsoft and Netscape has all but ended, with Microsoft's Internet Explorer browser now used by 96 percent of Web surfers worldwide, compared with 3 percent for Netscape; market share graph; drawing (S)
I.B.M.
Adelphia Communications Corp proposes new plan to settle legal disputes so it can exit bankruptcy and be sold to Time Warner Cable and Comcast; sale was proposed last year but has been delayed by creditors; plan allows creditors, which are owed more than $18 billion, to vote on company's latest reorganization plan (M)
The grass has a gene that allows it to withstand Monsanto's Roundup herbicide, allowing groundskeepers to spray herbicide to kill weeds while leaving the grass intact.
In an unusual partnership, Time Warner Inc. and the estate of the Rev.
As recently as June, an Amazon.com spokesman, Bill Curry, said in an interview that the company did not need to change its prices to be profitable.
Shares of Aetna fell 30 cents, to $30.74.
Mr. Tevanian of Apple stressed that the company would permit a ''gentle migration'' between OS 9 and OS X, allowing users to have both systems on a computer and to switch between them by simply restarting the computer.
The scanning tunneling microscope, invented in 1981 by Gerd Binnig and Heinrich Rohrer of the I.B.M.
Mattel's share price rose to a high of $45.625 in March 1998, but plunged late last year.
There are dozens of data formats for playing audio and video on the Internet, but the dominant ones are RealAudio and RealVideo from RealNetworks, QuickTime from Apple, Windows Media from Microsoft and the industry digital movie standards MPEG-2 and MPEG-4.
To encourage browser competition, the Government could order that Microsoft unbundle its browser from Windows, enabling PC makers to load Netscape's Navigator browser, if they choose.
Indeed, when word of the union project first emerged a year ago, the food and commercial workers union, which is trying to unionize Wal-Mart's 1.3 million workers in the United States, believed it enough to file an unfair labor practice complaint with the National Labor Relations Board.
The company reconfigured a Wal-Mart site by adding a mezzanine.
''We didn't have a rocket start,'' said Asako Miyata, a spokeswoman in Japan for Microsoft.
A merger integration team, made up of executives from both companies, is already trying to figure out the quickest way to bring Honeywell people up to speed on Six Sigma, a complicated statistical quality-control method that has radically reduced product defects and administrative costs at Allied Signal.
Both Moody's and Standard & Poor's have downgraded Elan's debt to junk status.
''Interactive television for Microsoft is all about the home market where there are 110 million households,'' said David Readerman, an analyst at Montgomery Securities.
More than anything else, it was Millard S. Drexler's sixth sense for fashion that helped Gap develop into a $14 billion dollar company over the last two decades.
Wal-Mart has since reassigned the business.
Some of nation's biggest insurers, pressed by employers, are introducing new kind of health plans that would significantly change way employees are reimbursed for ordinary medical expenses; plans would allow most working families with relatively low medical bills to save money, but those with several thousand dollars in expenses could wind up paying much more; typically require family to pay annual premium of $1,000 to 1,400, slightly lower than cost of traditional medical care and gives it allowance of $2,000 to $3,000 each year to spend on medical expenses; family must cover every cost above cap, sometimes up to $5,000 or more; after higher amount is reached, employer picks up most of bills; family that keeps medical bills lower than allowance can roll over any unspent money to pay medical bills in future years; other aspects of plans discussed; insurers include Aetna, Humana, Cigna, UnitedHealth Group and Wellpoint Health Networks (M)
In the 1990's, Japanese companies spent 104.5 billion yen ($942 million) to develop parts for the Boeing 777, with a 60 billion yen loan from the government.
Lawyers for Microsoft and its adversaries at the Justice Department will begin two days of oral arguments before seven appeals judges in a case of historic dimensions for consumers, the computer industry and the law.
Last year, Boeing announced that it would enter the market to supply live Internet connections on passenger jets.
The Eastman Kodak Company, 795.
More important, he said, Wal-Mart systems are already lowering prices through computerization of inventory, close coordination with suppliers and constant pressure to squeeze rents and labor costs.
Mr. Jobs said that in the last quarter, Apple shipped 1.33 million Macs, its best showing ever, and that three-quarters of the computers sold were Intel-based.
United Healthcare, based in Minnetonka, Minn., outside Minneapolis, and Humana, of Louisville, Ky., have a combined 902,000 Medicare members and 1.2 million Medicaid members.
Xerox's sales people are in poor shape to fight back.
Improper Accounting Leads Interpublic to Restate Results
Computer Associates hoped that Ms. Welch could persuade Aon, which used little of its software, to buy $12 million of Computer Associates' products annually, Ms. Welch said.
''Our research has shown that Pepsi's fragmented bottler network has been the key issue in terms of Pepsi's recent performance and market share versus Coca-Cola,'' said Bill Pecoriello, a beverage analyst with Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, an investment research firm.
Microsoft plans to appeal the ruling to the European Court of First Instance in Luxembourg.
MediaTalk; News Executives Playing the China Card
At General Electric, said Judy L. Hu, global executive director for advertising and branding, ''we're always challenging our agencies to come up with new ways of reaching people in a world where they're increasingly in control of what they watch and when.''
Viacom, MTV's parent company, is rushing to develop new interactive businesses.
Had Comcast sold that stock on the open market, it would have paid heavy capital gains taxes.
Microsoft Corp will begin selling long-awaited version of its Windows 98 operating system on June 25 (S)
Unlike Microsoft Flight Simulator and Flight Unlimited II, Pro Pilot does not use 3D video acceleration to enhance graphic performance.
WebHouse, in many ways, is far more elaborate and expensive to build than Priceline itself, because customers bid for products on the Internet, pay for them with a credit card, then pick them up at stores and gas stations with a special card.
Consolidated Edison of New York is undergoing its first substantial makeover of its brand identity since 1968; new logo presents Con Edison as 'conEdison'; utility plans to spend more than $3 million for ads developed by AG Worldwide; photo (M)
Units of the Interpublic Group of Companies announced yesterday that they had made acquisitions in public relations and interactive marketing and formed a media services agency in Europe.
In Britain, Mr. Murdoch's satellite company, BSkyB, has made inroads offering interactive programming that allows television viewers to navigate text pages offering weather and news information.
Allan Leighton, Asda's chief executive, said: ''The way we operate is based mainly on ideas we pinched from Wal-Mart.
Tiffany moved into its 57th Street store, designed by Cross & Cross, on the eve of World War II.
The relentless drumbeat of negative news from Interpublic, even after assurances that all the financial bombshells about earnings restatements and division losses had been dropped, has resulted in a nearly empty reservoir of good will among shareholders and analysts.
When Comcast bought AT&T Broadband in 2002, it inherited AT&T's 27.6 percent stake in Time Warner Entertainment, which then included holdings in Warner Brothers, HBO, the WB Network and Comedy Central, as well as some cable systems.
''This time of year, if you don't do things that are noteworthy, you don't cut through the clutter,'' Carl E. Gustin, chief marketing officer at Kodak in Rochester, said.
Wireless networks of sensors, machinery and computers are reaching new frontiers: telling precisely when to irrigate and harvest grapes to produce premium wine, monitoring stresses on aging bridges to help states decide maintenance priorities and warning when oil tanker equipment is in danger of failing; Intel researcher says such wireless communication will be pervasive in 20 years; trend captures interest of venture capitalists, whose investments are supporting start-up sensor networking companies; photo (M)
Morgan Stanley was hit with a daunting legal blow yesterday as a Florida jury awarded $604 million in damages to the financier Ronald O. Perelman, who contended the investment bank defrauded him in a 1998 deal.
The Intel Corporation is planning to do to digital television what it has already done to computing.
For example, the trade publication Adweek learned that Interpublic had hired the Saatchi 17 by sending staff members to follow the former Saatchi employees around Manhattan each day until some of them were spotted entering an office building where an Interpublic agency, Foote Cone & Belding, is a tenant.
Yesterday's move, which was widely expected, opens the door for Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation to revive its long-frustrated efforts to enter the satellite television business in the United States.
Mr. Cassano was charged with insider trading counts in both the Lotus and I.B.M.
Mr. Sassa had told associates in recent weeks that the Time Warner Turner management would have to give him a reason to stay with the company.
Freddie Mac, offering $5 billion of reference notes through a reopening of 5.25 percent debt due 2006, ABN Amro Securities, Deutsche Bank and Morgan Stanley Dean Witter.
nor General Motors has asked the Government to step in -- as the parties did during the U.P.S.
Bristol-Myers Squibb reaches pact with Athersys Inc aimed at letting it circumvent patents on genes to develop drug; Athersys says its produces proteins associated with genes in way that does not infringe on gene patents; deal is first for Athersys with major drug maker (M)
My bet is that Northrop Grumman is the one that's going to be dancing a real fast dance to figure out what it's going to do.''
Earlier Tuesday, comScore, a market research company, released the results of a survey that showed Yahoo had lost considerable market share to Google in the last year.
Wal-Mart Stores, seeking to forestall indictment, is in settlement talks with federal prosecutors who are investigating whether company officials knew its janitorial contracts were using illegal immigrants to clean its stores; settlement talks come nine months after federal prosecutors in Pennsylvania sent Wal-Mart letter informing it that it was target of grand jury probe into use of illegal immigrants at its stores; federal officials rounded up 250 illegal immigrants at 60 Wal-Mart stores in 21 states on Oct 23 (M)
The earnings report was Oracle's first since the Justice Department and seven states filed a lawsuit on Feb. 26 to block the company's $9.4 billion unsolicited takeover of PeopleSoft, based in Pleasanton, Calif.
''It is a good, important lesson, a turning point,'' an international spokeswoman for Wal-Mart, Beth Keck, said.
''Campbell could be attractive,'' said John M. McMillin, an analyst for Prudential Securities, who asked Mr. Morrison in the conference call whether he had spoken to the Dorrance family, which has five members on the board and whose patriarch, John R. Dorrance, started Campbell.
Tiffany apprenticed under Bailly in Paris and traveled across Spain, North Africa and Egypt with Colman, painting watercolors and oils that he showed at the Centennial Exposition in Philadelphia in 1876 and the 1878 Exposition Universelle in Paris.
The Kodak, Sony and Panasonic also perform well -- and they're more consistently satisfying than the rest of the pack, where digital grain, softness of details and cameraphonish colors sometimes creep in.
Boston Scientific said that getting Wall Street to look at Endosurgery as a separate business would lead investors to value the unit's performance more highly than if it remains buried inside the larger company.
In addition, Boeing abandoned an attempt to introduce weekend shifts that would have reduced overtime payments, and it failed to get the union to agree to have its members help shoulder the cost of health insurance.
Mr. Murdoch also said that the sale of shares in the News Corporation's satellite-TV unit, Sky Global Networks, originally scheduled for next month, would be delayed at least several more months.
Besides offering wireless and landline service in 22 states, AT&T is beginning to introduce an Internet-based television service that it hopes will help it become a major force in television advertising sales.
In a related consolidation, P.& G. will drop from its agency roster Arnold McGrath in New York, part of the Arnold Worldwide Partners division of Havas, which had Procter billings estimated at $65 million.
As part of the alliance, I.B.M.
''It was very important to me,'' Mr. Nazem said, ''to drive all the way to my last day here at Yahoo without distractions of an announcement like this.''
Microsoft would not disclose how much it was spending on the new site.
''I always see my role as supporting the editors and publishers of these newspapers.
In 1998, Coca-Cola reported, currency devaluation worldwide reduced earnings by 9 percent.
Qwest Communications International may announce that it once again is raising its bid for MCI as it tries to wrest companuy away from Verizon Communications; has also hired proxy adviser Altman Group that could help it take its takeover effort directly to MCI's shareholders; moves come one day after MCI's board accepted sweetened bid from Verizon worth $7.6 billion, even though Qwest offered $8.4 billion; Verizon's latest offer is $850 million more than its original bid, but it is still 10 percent lower than Qwest's bid (M)
''We are not asking for special treatment,'' a Wal-Mart spokesman said.
''We are considering taking legal action to try to overturn the decision,'' Verizon's spokesman, Eric Rabe, said.
Time Warner has not been as vocal in this market with their side of the story.''
Even after selling up to two million subscribers to Comcast, AT&T, the nation's biggest telephone company, would emerge from the fray as the nation's biggest cable television company.
''There are no outs,'' said Richard Bressler, the chairman of Time Warner Digital Media and an architect of the acquisition.
Analog semiconductors have been part of Texas Instruments' business since the 1950's.
On April 14, I.B.M.
''Merck will contest this lawsuit vigorously,'' Mr. Loder said, ''and believes the pricing of its products is in full compliance with federal and state laws and regulations.''
The latest cases follow similar moves by the commission in April to stop unfair public procurement practices in Germany and Italy, where Intel was also winning contracts with no consideration of rival chips.
Part of the furor arose because Microsoft, a member of the consortium, had not told members that it had applied for a patent covering aspects of a technology known as ''cascading style sheets.''
Later, Mr. Backus worked for years with a group at I.B.M.
Also, a one-time gain a year earlier from the sale of the company's 49 percent stake in Coca-Cola and Schweppes Beverages, a British bottler, accounted for 8 cents of last year's first-quarter earnings, a company spokesman, Rob Baskin, said.
Staples named nine agencies yesterday to compete in a review for the broadcast creative part of its account, with billings estimated at $50 million to $70 million.
As Yahoo fell further behind Google, some managers grew increasingly dissatisfied and  called for more radical changes in strategy and culture.
Unless Johnson & Johnson could justify the use of Propulsid in premature babies, he wrote, ''We have very little to support the use of the suspension in children at this time.''
Intel will use some of that cash to help Samsung Electronics of South Korea, a maker of memory chip sets, increase production of the Rambus dynamic random access memory, or D-RAM.
In an alliance with Oracle that began in late 1996, Digital developed 1,800 copies of a prototype computer code-named Shark that the employees said represented potentially lucrative products in both the business and education markets.
If compelled to eat at McDonald's, I would choose the new menu of salads, which were introduced on Monday, with one of the Newman dressings, which are tastier than most other packaged versions.
Apple made the announcement after the market had closed.
In 1996, Wired magazine ran a cover story that seemed to capture the company's ambitions, ''Microsoft Morphs Into a Media Company.''
There may be many new companies, and many new products evolving, Mr. Shepperd said, but ''I don't think anybody is going to be able to catch up'' to Microsoft.
The delays caused I.B.M.
Describing Microsoft's accusations that the expert, Lawrence Lessig, a Harvard University law professor, is biased against the company as ''trivial,'' and ''defamatory,'' Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson in Washington suggested that had they been made under oath ''they might well have incurred sanctions.''
Priceline also said it had raised $50 million by selling new shares to Hutchison Whampoa Ltd. and Cheung Kong Holdings Ltd. and that the two companies had bought an additional $24 million in shares from Mr. Walker.
On Monday, News Corporation and Echostar said that problems with their scrambling technologies had forced them to put off Government filings that would let them clear the proposed deal.
According to Andrew Herdener, an Amazon spokesman, the site relies on users to report wikis that are offensive or irrelevant, or those that either condemn or lavish praise on an item.
To make the journeys as comfortable as possible, Boeing is considering new uses for the dorsal hump on the plane, above.
That process is expected to help Intel lower manufacturing costs for the chip by 30 percent over time, according to the company.
Microsoft executives expect that some of these wireless devices will be in stores by the end of 2003.
The first eBay bid, a $211,000 offer, appeared on Wednesday.
As for the e-mail message linking Mr. Grubman's upgrade of AT&T to his daughters' entry into the 92nd Street Y's nursery school, Mr. Weill said, ''I tried to help Mr. Grubman because he was an important employee who had asked for my help.''
But Norfolk Southern promptly replied that it was still very much in the hunt, and Conrail recouped much of the early loss.
Wines in Manhattan that requires customers to put down money ahead of time, Costco does not.
The company's strong preliminary earnings run counter to the widespread assumption that Oracle's hostile takeover bid would disrupt PeopleSoft's sales.
Analysts said Fresenius probably used the looming threat from Roche to extract a bigger discount from Amgen in return for making it the sole supplier.
Cisco is important, he said, because it buys a lot of chips, provides insight into the health of telecommunications providers and offers a glimpse of a broad swath of the economy.
On-line bookseller Amazon.com is charging publishers up to $10,000 to feature new books, sign of its growing power in book industry; has distinguished itself with thoughtful editorial voice and holds its virtual territory is not for sale because it reserves right to reject books that do not meet quality standards; stresses it still features majority of titles without charge; publishers say titles backed with advertising dollars are rarely rejected; tables (M)
EBay Reports That Profit Jumped 10% In Quarter
In the online access market, in which subscribers pay fees, Microsoft's MSN service had nearly two million members in the third quarter last year.
Under Louis V. Gerstner Jr., the chairman, who turns 60 in March and is expected to retire then or shortly thereafter, I.B.M.
Both Motorola and the International Business Machines Corporation make the Power PC chip, which acts as the electronic brain inside the most powerful Macintoshes.
Time Warner's offer values MGM at about $4.7 billion, slightly less than Sony's bid, the executives said.
Future Brand, to be formally announced today, will offer services from units of the Allied Communications Group of Interpublic such as Diefenbach Elkins in New York, Davies Baron in London and Coleman Group Worldwide in New York.
Last week, Wal-Mart had the fourth-largest bond issue in United States history, raising $5.75 billion to buy ASDA Group P.L.C., a British grocery chain.
''It costs lots of money to retrofit stores to put cigarettes behind counters and to service tobacco customers,'' said Carolyn Brookter, a Target spokeswoman.
But it also seems clear that, if possible, Mr. Armstrong would prefer to avoid selling AT&T Broadband and instead spin off the unit in a way that would allow him to retain a significant role in the operation.
Growing number of business travelers are opting to fly out of smaller US airports; low-cost airlines like Southwest Airlines prefer these smaller fields because they are less congested and because they charge lower landing fees; photo (M)
Microsoft welcomed the settlement, which removed the threat of a fine of up to $720,000.
Verizon Communications announces plans to start introducing fiber-optic connections for residential phone and date services in Virginia, Delaware, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York and Pennsylvania; company expects to make available its fiber-optic service to at least one million homes by end of year, and two million more homes next year lans to hire as many as 5,000 new workers by end of 2005 (M)
Mr. Loring's book includes both watercolor sketches and photos of jeweled masterpieces like Tiffany's dragonfly hair ornament and the grapevine necklace created for the 1904 St. Louis Exposition.
Snow was a member of the Verizon board from 2000 to 2002 and on its compensation committee in 2001.
Time Warner's promise to open its cable system to competing Internet service providers is being carefully monitored by regulators and the issue was highlighted on Thursday during Federal Communications Commissions hearings on the Time Warner-AOL merger.
Akamai Technologies shares rose 13 percent yesterday, to $71.375, after the company signed an alliance with Intertainer, the entertainment-on-demand broadband network based in Culver City, Calif., to broadcast movies and video over the Internet to personal computers with high-speed Internet connections.
Though Time Warner's stock price remains higher than it was on Friday, before the deal was announced, shares in America Online have now lost one-fifth of their value in three days.
That the banker, Jon A. Anda, has been lured back from the nascent investment boutique of Joseph R. Perella, the former Morgan Stanley deal maker, is of additional satisfaction to Morgan Stanley's chief executive, John J. Mack.
The ratings agency Moody's Investors Service raised the credit rating of the Nissan Motor Company to investment grade, rewarding the company, Japan's third-largest automaker, for cutting its debts.
''Microsoft gets paid for Windows.
It invested $5 billion in AT&T two years ago and has been struggling recently to show that it has a viable interactive television strategy.
Five major wireless telephone carriers urged federal officials today to offer NextWave Telecom $4 billion to $5 billion to relinquish its claim to wireless licenses that it acquired several years ago for $4.7 billion, said a spokesman for one company, Verizon Wireless.
Boeing said that it wanted the issue resolved soon and that ''it is time for Airbus to accept the financial and marketplace risks that true commercial companies experience.''
But critics are saying that the display screen will nonetheless become an electronic choke point that gives Microsoft and its allies powerful control over which information on the Internet is seen by the most Web travelers.
Since Apple computers use the Mac OS operating system, not Windows, the Government argues that Microsoft's dispute with Apple demonstrates that the browser is obviously a stand-alone product, not a fundamental part of the operating system.
Microsoft's MSN, AOL Japan  and eBay also have auction sites, and there are several Japanese-owned sites as well.
"We're puzzled how they can say with such certainty that their systems are cheaper," said Kathy Fitzgerald, an AT&T spokeswoman.
He expects eventually to give away much of his eBay wealth (now about $6.5 billion) to causes that he hopes will help people become more active in their communities.
The Federal Trade Commission announced today that it had reached a tentative settlement of its antitrust suit against the Intel Corporation, the world's largest maker of computer chips, a day before opening arguments were set to begin in the case.
Microsoft also realized investment gains of more than $350 million during the quarter because of unspecified stock sales.
In contrast, the atmosphere inside Apple's software engineering ranks has been much more improvisational.
Shell's Dec. 8 memo described Exxon Mobil's accounting treatment of reserves as ''probably the most rigorous of all majors across their global portfolio.''
When asked whether the Democratic alternative of immediate ''rebates'' to poor and middle-class citizens would not be a more potent lift, Mr. Growney said Motorola supported anything ''that gives consumers some dollars.''
Priceline.com Inc. said Cheung Kong (Holdings) Ltd. and Hutchison Whampoa Ltd., two companies controlled by the Hong Kong tycoon Li Ka-Shing, were no longer seeking to sell shares in Priceline, the Internet travel agency, and might actually increase their stake.
Although General Pinochet's relationship with Citigroup dates to 1981, all of the accounts were opened under disguised versions of his name, like Jose P. Ugarte.
Other computer stores were giving Apple short shrift, Mr. Jobs thought, in part because they lacked skilled employees that could explain why Apple was different.
Technology Briefing
Chris Zimmerman, Nike's United States advertising director, added that the campaign was ''about an ethic that athletes have and that we have in everything we do.''
In the short run, Pfizer may try to buttress its slumping stock by raising its annual dividend, currently 96 cents a share, by 15 percent or more, analysts said.
But I.B.M., WonderNet and the Communication Intelligence Corporation (the company behind Jot handwriting software for digital assistants) all say the pads can also be used to provide signature verification.
During the review process, Wal-Mart said, the two executives accepted meals and gifts, among them, a watch and a case of vodka, in violation of Wal-Mart policies.
Part of the problem, company officials said, is that anything short of a return to the type of blazing growth Coke sustained throughout much of the 1990's will be looked upon as an inherent failure.
The new contract makes Boeing workers among the best paid in the country, raising their hourly wages nearly 16 percent over three years to an average of $24.35 an hour.
The company faces fines of millions of dollars a day if the European Commission determines, in essence, that Microsoft has impeded rivals by making it difficult for them to design programs that work smoothly with Windows.
Southwest Airlines, the granddaddy of the new carriers, has seen a 30 percent surge in job applications this year, which it credits to the popular reality television program ''Airline.''
When Bob Baker at Harvest Partners, a real estate development company, tells people he is putting up a shopping center across the street from Boeing's commercial jet factory, he usually gets quizzical looks.
Apple's Retail Stores Show Positive Data on Customers
For Apple, one advantage in entering the wireless data market may be that it can develop both the hardware and the software for its own phone.
Business travel is booming in China, says American Express, which is moving aggressively there for market share.
Amazon.com founder and chairman Jeffrey P Bezos signs on to company Web site to write his first customer book review, favorable review of G Bruce Knecht's book The Proving Ground; Knecht, one of first reporters to write about Bezos and company, comments; photo (M)
''We are in compliance,'' Brad Smith, Microsoft's top lawyer, told journalists at the end of the first of two days of closed hearings with the commission and with rival software manufacturers.
Throughout his long career as a researcher for I.B.M., Mr. Cocke was also responsible for a host of other innovations.
In the United States, Verizon Wireless has been the most aggressive, setting up its EV-DO wireless data service in 20 cities.
The departure comes as investors are losing confidence in Mattel, fearing that its third-quarter earnings will fall short of expectations and that the company lacks blockbuster products for the holiday season.
''If I lived my whole life at Marriott, I never would have made that much money,'' said Mr. Pusateri, who is 40.
In all, Boeing has sold 114 BBJ's, which cost about $43 million each, not including cabin finishing.
''The issues Xerox was dealing with in the first quarter just aren't getting any better,'' said Jack L. Kelly, an analyst with Goldman, Sachs & Company.
Although the publishers of the books actually designed the excerpts, Coca-Cola printed up the palm-sized booklets and organized the promotions that also include giant supermarket displays of open books -- advertising that no publisher could afford.
In addition to a small stake in the AT&T  Corporation, Microsoft's investment bought it a pledge that a version of its Windows operating system will power as many as 10 million next-generation set-top boxes in AT&T's growing network of television cable systems.
Inktomi and Akamai each have a pack of competitors, snapping at their heels and hoping to bite off bigger and bigger chunks of the Web-performance market, which is expected to grow from about $4.5 billion last year to $25 billion in 2003, according to Andrew C. Brosseau, an analyst with S. G. Cowen.
Analysis of Microsoft Corp chairman Bill Gates's testimony in company's defense against antitrust sanctions sought by state prosecutors; Gates displayed his familiar personas of high-technology visionary and brilliant businessman, without admitting responsibility for company's misdeeds; photo (M)
It is the fifth straight quarterly profit decline for Kodak, which said late last year that it would take a $1.5 billion charge in the fourth quarter to cut more than 16,000 jobs, or about 20 percent of its work force, write down assets and restructure its business.
The extent of problems with the air traffic computers is not certain, but experts say that the 3083 mainframe model referred to in a letter from I.B.M.
Officials there said that they looked at corporate relationships as well as stock ownership in determining control, but that they could not comment on Coca-Cola's accounting in particular.
''A lot of the people who are at the center of Google had done hand-to-hand combat with Microsoft in the 90's, and I don't think they have forgotten,'' observed John Battelle, the editor of SearchBlog, a Web log on search technology.
The plaintiffs allege that Microsoft's combination of Windows and Internet Explorer by contractual and technological artifices constitute unlawful tying to the extent that those actions forced Microsoft's customers and consumers to take Internet Explorer as a condition of obtaining Windows.
Merck also received bad news yesterday in Atlantic City, where Judge Carol Higbee, who is overseeing 7,100 suits in New Jersey state court, threw out a decision in favor of the company reached in November.
Moody's noted that management had bolstered the company's cash position this year by cutting costs and eliminating 30,000 jobs.
By agreeing to give up its independence in return for an ample premium on its stock price, Time Warner is acknowledging that the Internet is central to its music, publishing and TV businesses and that its own efforts to create online operations have been lackluster.
Coca-Cola's efforts to end its image crisis came as officials from the European Union said they wanted to review all data on the causes of the scare.
In the other case, another federal judge in Manhattan, Harold Baer Jr., dismissed a class-action suit brought against Morgan Stanley, Credit Suisse First Boston and Goldman Sachs that contended that investors were misled by research issued by these banks on Covad, an Internet service provider.
Industry executives and analysts say Microsoft is being hampered by its continued PC-centric view of the world, as well as by persistent fear that the company will try to dominate the software portion of the wireless communications industry.
On that basis, Yahoo's revenue was $821 million, higher than the $797 million that analysts expected.
Pillsbury Inc, through use of high-technology tools, some key acquisitions and lot of marketing talent, has taken just few years to become world's biggest maker of Mexican-style foods, such as tacaos, tortillas and salsa; because of high profits in this $1.6 billion food market and intense competition, Pillsbury and other food giants such as Campbell Soup Co, Nestle SA, Pepsico and Kraft Foods, are taking aim at mainstream American palate; these companies are reaching out with new sauces and other products; in boldest move yet, food giants, armed with their homogenized recipes, have started to popularize 'Mexican' cuisine around the world with what one industry spotter has dubbed 'Gringo food'; photo at test kitchen at Pillsbury; chart on market for Mexican-style food (L)
Hot Product Has Corning Thriving and Wary
Or with an apparel and footwear line, made by Nike, called 10/2 for the date of the cancer diagnosis?
Correction of Mar 12 headline; Honeywell International is moving its software production to India, not leaving Ireland entirely
Prince, who expressed concern that Citigroup had not coordinated its approach to brand management, when he wrote, ''This clearly isn't a thoughtful approach to dealing with one of our most important assets.''
Wall Street has been abuzz with talk that Kodak will trim its work force, which numbered 95,800 at the end of last year, by 7,000 to 15,000 jobs, and that it will take a charge of at least $1 billion to account for this and other cost-cutting measures.
Merck has said it may spin off the remaining four-fifths of Medco to Merck shareholders, possibly late this year.
Dr. Appel said the additional disclosures are necessary in part because Microsoft might publish raw data that would be useless without instructions on how to interpret it, like a driver in a car who has not been told that ''you must step on a brake while shifting out of Park.''
Argentina has long been a centerpiece of Citigroup's Latin American operations, and the company has enjoyed close relationships with the country's leading financiers, businessmen and political elite.
Several energy-trading companies, including Enron and the El Paso Corporation, have reduced their trading activity, making it harder for Morgan Stanley to make money in the business.
Communications Workers of America announces tentative agreement with Verizon Wireless for bargaining unit representing 51 workers; officials from both sides say accord could set stage for broader contract settlement later this week involving 78,000 workers; union says agreement will provide raises of 3 percent each year to workers at top of scale and 2 percent each year for most other workers; adds seniority steps will mean raises of at least 7 percent each year for many employees (M)
Bergen, which paid $428 million for the business, sold it to the CVS Corporation, the pharmacy chain, for $124 million.
Like Priceline's airline service, Webhouse allows consumers to specify the price they pay but not the brand.
Judy G. Tenzer, an American Express spokeswoman, denied yesterday that the company took action for the sake of public relations, but did not elaborate.
Even I.B.M., in promoting its first PC, tried to undermine the computer's association with corporate power, marketing its machine using images of Charlie Chaplin's tramp, who had twitted the gears of industry in ''Modern Times.''
And in Texas, Exxon Mobil expects to double the amount of oil it extracts from its Means field, which dates back to the 1930s.
In the meantime, it has become clear that Verizon is falling behind in attending requests for repair and the installation of new telephone service.
But within hours of the introduction, the Internet was buzzing with claims that Cleartype was suspiciously similar to approaches developed many years earlier by researchers at Apple Computer, I.B.M., the Xerox Corporation and elsewhere.
Mr. Marsh, the chief financial officer, said in a telephone interview that FirstEnergy was already devoting $700 million to capital spending this year, much of it to improve its systems, and noted that it decided to speed the investment of $60 million in New Jersey after the July blackouts.
Wal-Mart, which had called its price reductions moderate this year, nevertheless was selling small appliances -- a fondue set, a small food chopper or a steam iron -- for $4.77.
Now, as three million subscribers are helping Netflix hit its profitable stride, Blockbuster and Wal-Mart have entered the market, taking a page from the Netflix playbook.
Ever the salesman, Mr. Gates, Microsoft's chairman, delivered an opening address peppered with phrases like ''the magic of software.''
He also compared Microsoft to a baseball team that had stolen game signals from the other side.
Washington gives more power to corporations in enforcing ''noncompete'' agreements like the one Dr. Lee signed at Microsoft, which typically bar employees from going to work for rivals on directly competitive matters.
Microsoft's Xbox division is not profitable.
Silicon Graphics Inc will spin off its microprocessor design subsidiary as part of strategy to build computers using Intel Corp's chips; says it has agreement with Intel intended to advance graphics performance of Intel design; will trim its work force by 1,000, or 10 percent, through selloffs and attrition; will file with Securities and Exchange Commission for initial public offering of up to 20 percent of outstanding shares of microprocessor design subsidiary, MIPS Technologies Inc (S)
Boeing Co stuns investors with news of steep drop in second-quarter earnings and even more unexpected warning that results for both this year and next will be about 40 percent below Wall Street estimates; earnings fell 46 percent, to $258 million compared with $476 million in year-earlier quarter; revenue rose 9 percent, to $13.4 billion, from $12.3 billion in 1997; shares fall $6.5625, to $41.1875; chart (M)
Apple Computer and Cisco Systems settle dispute over iPhone trademark; agree to dismiss all legal action against each other regarding trademark; Apple will be allowed to use name for its multimedia device, which it plans to start selling in June; companies will explore ways to make their identically-named iPhone products work together; other terms of deal undisclosed (M)
Indeed, the unifying theme of the latest products to carry the Kodak  brand is that they have nothing to do with capturing images, Kodak's traditional forte, and everything to do with ''repurposing'' them -- industry parlance for the many high-tech ways that people now view, swap, manipulate, store, print and display images.
Mr. Pressler plans to use some of the customer service and marketing lessons he learned at Disney to help revive the Gap.
Microsoft plans to make the case  that America Online's purchase of Netscape Communications for $10 million this year seriously undermines the Government's argument that Microsoft is a monopolist with no serious competition.
But talks with AOL Time Warner are not the only set of discussions between Comcast and other potential rivals for AT&T Broadband, the nation's largest cable company.
Even though the service will not be available to consumers until summer, Motorola rushed the spot out for the Academy Awards, hoping the hippest of hip would associate Motorola with an Internet service that will allow people to call into a voice-activated ''cyberassistant'' who will read e-mail messages, stock quotes, sports scores and weather forecasts directly from the Internet.
Apparent personal grudge between Apple Computer co-founder Steven P Jobs and Dell Computer founder Michael S Dell has only intensified as personal computer industry has started to shrink after decades of rapid growth; Dell is again predicting Apple's demise, while Jobs recently used boxy portable Dell computer as foil to show off features of Apple's sleek new laptop; graphs comparing companies' industry rankings; tables of biographical data; photos (M)
A picture caption in Business Day yesterday with an article about agreements by the Big Three automakers to export cars and parts to China reversed the identities of two General Motors executives.
Technology Briefing
Charter Communications Inc, cable-television operator owned by Microsoft Corp co-founder Paul G Allen, is expected to announce it is buying cable assets of Falcon Cable Holdings in stock swap valued at more than $3.6 billion; Allen's recent cable acquisitions may put him in position to challenge AT&T Corp or other major telecommunications concerns that have been vying for cable assets as way to expand Internet capabilities into every home (M)
Consumer advocates have criticized the part of Microsoft's new .Net initiative known as Hailstorm, which would collect large amounts of users' personal information within one computer system.
Time Warner officials now say decision to block Disney's ABC television network was based on legal miscalculation and mistaken conviction that Disney would back down; poisonous atmosphere at talks over how much cable company should pay Disney for use of three of its cable channels and over whether Disney would renew Time Warner's right to carry ABC apparently clouded their judgments; photos (M)
The Chubb Corporation, one of the biggest insurers of homes and businesses, reported a 20 percent rise in net income for the second quarter yesterday, the latest indication of continued strong pricing for property casualty insurance.
The portion of the new outreach program called ''Associates Out in Front'' is described in company documents as a way for Wal-Mart to show workers ''that we do appreciate you and that we have an ongoing commitment to listening to and addressing your concerns.''
News Corp. May Walk Away From Italian Pay TV Deal
After the announcement that the talks had collapsed, relieved investors initially sent Corning shares as high as $275 on the New York Stock Exchange, up 6.6 percent from Wednesday's close of $258.
''But Expedia moves more product than any other online agency.
Eugene Fram, a marketing professor at the Rochester Institute of Technology, said that Amazon's strengths in customer service and Web site design may not be enough to draw consumers away from manufacturers' sites.
In his lawsuit, Mr. Lynn asserts that ''the factory certification process was designed only to create the impression that Wal-Mart was producing its goods under humane working conditions when, in fact, working conditions at the factories were terrible and violated the rules and regulations of Wal-Mart.''
Lincoln division of Ford Motor Co hopes to lure younger market for its new car called Lincoln LS; model is small car that could easily be mistaken for BMW; Lincoln executives hope to avoid mistakes made by Cadillac when it marketed its Catera model, which failed to win over car buffs as serious alternative to entry-level Mercedes or BMW; Young & Rubicam has developed advertising campaign (M)
In a memorandum sent to all employees yesterday, Dr. John W. Rowe, the chief executive of the company, said Aetna planned to reduce the percentage of health maintenance organizations in which Aetna takes the risk for any losses.
Association of British Pharmaceutical Industry's managing board, in rare move, publicly reprimands Pfizer Inc, saying it promoted several medicines for unapproved uses and marketed another drug before it received government approval; group ruled in February that Pfizer breached industry's code of conduct and discredited industry by using team of employees known as medical liaisons to promote its products to doctors improperly; Pfizer spokeswoman Mariann Caprino says company did not think medical liaisons in Britain had inappropriate discussions with doctors; says company failed to maintain proper documentation to prove it was following British rules (M)
Expectations of a deal were raised last week when Steven P. Jobs, Apple's chief executive, traveled to London for a news conference with EMI executives.
ImClone Systems and Bristol-Myers Squibb, under criticism from cancer patients for not moving swiftly enough, said yesterday that they would soon begin several clinical trials aimed at winning approval for their cancer drug, Erbitux.
Although it could not technically block the deal, it could make it difficult for Boeing to do business in Europe by trying to impose fines of up to 10 percent of Boeing's worldwide revenues.
Prankster posts series of humorous and off-color book and product reviews supposedly written by Andrew Lloyd Webber on Amazon.com; company says fake postings occasionally get through its screening process; photo (M)
The decision came after Interpublic completed a sale of $700 million in 20-year convertible bonds; Standard & Poor's had said that it would remove the ratings from Credit Watch if Interpublic ''mitigates the risk'' related to its financial picture.
The on-line discount service will not offer the full range of search that is available to Morgan Stanley's full-service customers.
Federal Trade Commission says Microsoft and Hewlett-Packard have agreed to stop contending in advertisements that Pocket PC hand-held computers are capable of wireless access to Internet and e-mail anytime and anywhere; says ads failed to disclose need for additional equipment like modem for mobile access to Web and to send or receive electronic messages (S)
Microsoft employees have been more generous to Republicans this year than to Democrats.
The European Union insists it will fight the American lawsuit at the World Trade Organization, and it filed a countersuit contending that Boeing also gets improper subsidies.
The deal calls for Caremark shareholders to receive 1.67 CVS shares for each of their shares when the deal closes.
In a speech at the RSA computer security conference, Mr. Gates, Microsoft's chairman, said the company was making progress in its fight against spam, adding that ''phishing'' software scams were the fastest-growing security problem the company faced.
The text of Microsoft's proposed conclusions of law in the government antitrust case is available from The New York Times on the Web:
He said Microsoft's intention was not to compete with Google, currently the Internet's dominant search engine, but instead to ''delight'' its own customers.
For Windows 98, Microsoft simply lifted the program guide out of the WebTV package and included it as a free, integrated part of the operating system.
Under the terms, people close to the negotiations said, Honeywell shareholders will receive Allied Signal stock valued at a 4.2 percent premium over their existing shares, based on Friday's closing prices.
Mr. Perelman's lawyers contended that Morgan Stanley did not disclose this damaging information because it would earn $33 million from advising Sunbeam and underwriting the bond offering, once the deal closed.
General Motors saw its car sales slip one-tenth of 1 percent compared with weak car sales in the period last year, while its sales of pickup trucks, vans and sport utility vehicles fell 8.5 percent, which Ronald L. Zarrella, vice president of sales, service and marketing, called disappointing.
Molson brewing company is reviewing its plan to allow its executives, directors and employees to use their options to vote on proposed merger with Adolph Coors Co (S)
Intel's not meeting the Chinese timetable reflects a larger objection on the part of Intel and other American technology companies, which have been up in arms since China announced last year that it wanted to develop a separate national standard for short-range wireless networks, known as Wi-Fi.
The first major box-office disappointment of the holiday movie season, Walt Disney's animated ''Treasure Planet,'' was a casualty not only of increased competition from other studios but of a persistent reluctance among teenage moviegoers to embrace action-oriented animated fare.
Following are excerpts from oral arguments today in the Microsoft antitrust case before the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, as transcribed by the Federal Document Clearing House, a private transcription service.
Beginning next year, A.T.& T. expects lower interest costs to raise earnings by as much as $40.2 million annually.
Timothy F. Bresnahan, a professor at Stanford University who was chief economist for the Justice Department's antitrust division during the Clinton administration, said, ''Microsoft sees a new product and says, 'We were about to invent that, too,' comes up with its version and bundles the software into Windows.''
A.T.& T., for its part, says it got a fine licensing deal, including what it characterizes as an unusual provision that broadly exempts its customers from having to pay royalties on A.T.& T. services and equipment that employ technology covered by Spectrum's patents.
Less vibrant but strengthened is the baking division, where General Mills owns Gold Medal and Betty Crocker and the Pillsbury Doughboy is a household name.
Medinolhas cast Boston Scientific as a Goliath that undermined their marketing partnership so that it could grab control of Medinol's stent designs.
According to Media Metrix, which monitors Web traffic, America Online's Web sites had 54 million visitors in November, compared with 38 million for Microsoft's sites.
Citigroup's chief executive, Charles O.
AN era in automotive advertising is coming to a close as the General Motors Corporation ends its relationship with N. W. Ayer & Partners after 28 years.
So far, however, despite MCI's news conference today, few of A.T.& T's big customers have announced intentions to switch.
At a technical meeting in Germany on Wednesday, the Intel Corporation is planning to detail the performance of its second-generation 64-bit Itanium microprocessor, which the company has aimed at the corporate market for computer applications.
The fact that Costco hired Mr. Andrew in the first place seems unusual.
The two other leading brokers, Aon and the Willis Holding Group, have stopped collecting the payments from insurance companies and Willis has said it will try to make up some of the lost revenue -- $80 million to $160 million annually, in its case -- by charging flat fees for services it and the other brokers provide to insurance companies, services like processing claims and helping to develop new kinds of coverage.
A Chinese political prisoner and his wife sued Yahoo in federal court Wednesday, accusing the company of abetting the commission of torture by helping Chinese authorities identify political dissidents who were later beaten and imprisoned.
The economists have no direct connection with Microsoft or the government in this case.
By focusing on technologically advanced chips, I.B.M.
Since taking office in January, Mr. Dann has sharply criticized the UnitedHealth Group over its ousted former chief executive, William W. McGuire, who is accused of backdating more than $2.3 billion in stock options, and he has revived an investigation of Marsh & McLennan, looking at whether the company violated the state's antitrust laws.
Though A.T.& T. had been expected to embark on a series of layoffs, the cuts were bigger than many analysts had predicted.
In January, Mr. Berger appealed to Mr. Zucker to consider allowing him to talk to CBS early, if only to get the matter resolved in time for both networks to make plans for the future.
However, its product may be in the mass market somewhat later than the Texas Instruments technology, said Alex Slawsby, an industry analyst with IDC, a research firm.
The deals also have the potential to transform Verizon and SBC, the two largest operators of local telephone networks, into national powerhouses.
An Oracle spokesman said the company reluctantly altered its earlier position in hope of coaxing PeopleSoft into discussions.
For years, European governments claimed it was necessary to help their infant industry compete against a more mature American competitor, Boeing.
Allstate, the second-largest insurer of homes and autos after State Farm, said it planned to wait and see how the case played out.
The New York Times  Pfizer Inc.
Officials of Citibank and its parent company, Citigroup Inc., said they had not realized that anything might be amiss with the Caymans bank, which was tied to a financial group in Argentina led by the former treasury secretary there.
But he said that Monsanto would not introduce the product until it had ''industry acceptance across the board,'' which will take more time.
Documents Show Link Between AT&T and Agency in Eavesdropping Case
But even before a final verdict, which is expected in February, the plaintiffs have been emboldened by the judge's findings on Friday that Microsoft used its operating-system monopoly to stifle innovation, reduce competition and harm consumers.
And questions about its accounting practices in Mexico led to an investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission and caused Xerox's own auditors to balk at signing off on its 2000 financial statements.
AT&T, MCI and a coalition of smaller carriers adamantly fought provisions to let the Bells provide in-state long-distance service and resell other companies' long-distance services under their own brand names almost immediately.
The assignments accounted for $60 million to $65 million of the estimated $6.2 billion in revenue for Interpublic, the world's third-largest agency holding company behind Omnicom and the WPP Group.
Ten days ago, the ad agency for The Nation sent a 60-second commercial to the cable network promoting its brand of political news and commentary as free of White House influence and corporate agendas.
Ruth La Ferla column on Gap's decision to have Pina Ferlisi design new sportwear collection; says Gap, which used to keep designers' identities closely guarded, is now promoting roster of new designers, each with impressive pedigree; photos (M)
Kenneth D. Lewis, Bank of America's chief executive, said in a statement yesterday that the agreements represent his bank's ''good-faith effort to resolve this matter.''
Now, the 26-year-old Ms. Sengstacke has decided to replace Northern Trust as trustee, fearing that its dedication to its fiduciary duties would result in the sale of the newspapers and force her to break her promise.
In March 2000, Priceline's proxy filing stated that Mr. Allen held about 9.1 million shares in the company, or about 5.3 percent of its common stock.
For its part, Northern Trust called Ms. Sengstacke's move a disappointment, saying, ''We believe we have acted from the outset to follow faithfully the clear directions left by John Sengstacke in the trust and to serve the best interest of all the trust beneficiaries.''
Used books are also among Amazon's most profitable book sales.
The Justice Department and the 19 states suing Microsoft assert that the big software maker company has a ''powerful and well-entrenched operating system monopoly'' with Windows, which controls the basic operations of most personal computers.
But its recent troubles do have competitors suggesting, and not so subtly, that now might be a good time for Microsoft employees to look around for new jobs.
Yet in most consumers' minds, the Kodak brand is still associated with film.
But he added that Pfizer expected to win investors' support quickly for the deal, which will make the company -- already the world's largest pharmaceuticals maker -- a giant compared even with its nearest rival, GlaxoSmithKline.
Earlier, in the regular session, Motorola had managed to avoid the selloff that afflicted other technology stocks, rising 25 cents, to $55.875.
Early in November, Judge Jackson published his findings of facts, in which he portrayed Microsoft as a rapacious monopolist that dedicated considerable resources to maintaining its monopoly by putting potential competitors at a disadvantage.
Oak Hill, where Carmelo Anthony of the Denver Nuggets played, has an affiliation with Nike.
Lucent could slightly reduce its obligations to Morgan Stanley in the next few days if the firm and the seven other underwriters exercise a right to buy 90 million shares if demand is strong, raising about $540 million.
And, says Mark Jarvis, Oracle's worldwide chief marketing officer, the company is so proud of this accomplishment that it is defying common wisdom by making its experience the centerpiece of its advertising campaign.
Whirlpool had until today to raise its offer.
Across the Atlantic, the Microsoft Case Attracts Curiosity
Amazon shares fell 74 cents, or 10.4 percent, to $6.35.
''We wanted to support designers who are developing and could use the exposure that eBay has.''
Microsoft Corp settles antitrust complaint filed by Taiwan Fair Trade Commission, but sides differ on how much company actually conceded; commission vice chairman Chen Chi Yuan says part of deal involves commitment by company to reduce prices for its computer software in Taiwan by 26.7 percent; Microsoft says that while it decided to lower its average prices for academic and consumer users in Taiwan by 26.7 percent, it has done so in connection with new marketing campaign and not part of settlement itself; regulators and Microsoft agree that settlement does not find any wrongdoing by Microsoft, which commission had accused of monopolistic behavior and artificially inflating price of Windows software (M)
The clips will be accompanied by advertising, with Viacom, Google and the site owners dividing the ad revenue.
Johnson & Johnson found that one shipper did not deliver under the right conditions.
Microsoft now says it plans for Passport to be compatible with authentication software from other suppliers.
ITEM -- Cookies for Every Holiday  BUY IT NOW PRICE -- $100  EBAY ITEM NUMBER -- 5547074909
Officials at Credit Suisse First Boston brace for backlash over plans to have former Pres Bill Clinton speak at conference on media and entertainment in New York on Feb 27; Morgan Stanley Dean Witter has received calls from angry customers after agreeing to pay Clinton $100,000 to speak at conference (S)
Time Warner Inc., the largest media company in the world, reported a mixed bag of third-quarter financial results yesterday that modestly exceeded Wall Street's expectations.
Intel joins the growing list of technology companies tightening their belts as their business markets, booming only a year ago, grow increasingly uncertain.
In Windows 98, the operating system and Internet browsing software are seamlessly integrated with a ''channel bar'' of featured Web sites, including Microsoft's.
Second, Microsoft imposed stringent limits on the freedom of OEM's to reconfigure or modify Windows 95 and Windows 98 in ways that might enable OEM's to generate usage for Navigator in spite of the contractual and technological devices that Microsoft had employed to bind Internet Explorer to Windows.
Commercial offering humorous salute to pitfalls of live television will be shown on first live episode of sitcom Will & Grace on NBC; commercial is for Neutrogena line of skin care and cosmetics products sold by Johnson & Johnson, which is a regular advertiser on show (S)
American Express Gets Mayoral Seal of Approval
Other supermarket executives say that they can go toe-to-toe with Wal-Mart.
He said Pfizer did not discuss what it spends on advertising.
Indeed, in a statement, Craig R. Barrett, Intel's chief, said, ''We are confident in our business strategy and competitive position.''
A merger would enable Halliburton and Dresser to better meet demand, giving them the capitalization and ability to provide more to oil companies.
While he said he did not think that he had done anything wrong, he said he did not want General Electric to be dragged into a public fight because of his divorce.
The organizations, with the support of the region's largest employer, Procter & Gamble, hired Landor Associates, part of the Young & Rubicam Brands unit of the WPP Group, to develop the campaign.
Richard Jaffe, an analyst at Stifel Nicolaus, said the advertising ''underscores Gap's optimism in the product.''
The Coca-Cola Company said yesterday that it was being formally investigated by the Securities and Exchange Commission for accusations levied against the company last year in a wrongful termination lawsuit.
That ambition led Waste Management to acquire a range of profit-draining businesses, including hazardous waste management, lawn care, asbestos removal, and Rust International, a large engineering concern.
''They just had a plethora of entertainment executives at Time Warner.
The Bank of America has expanded its relationship with the Omnicom Group by selecting the Arnell Group in New York to handle a new worldwide identity assignment, integrating such things as the appearance of locations, bank statements and technology.
''Back then, you were covered under an Apple Care service policy.''
But it was the Immunex deal that gave Amgen half-ownership of panitumumab, although it was an afterthought at the time.
As John F. Welch Jr., General Electric's chief executive, wrote last month to shareholders, ''A company that bets its future on its people must remove that lower 10 percent, and keep removing it every year -- always raising the bar of performance and increasing the quality of its leadership.''
Leading Time Warner's Digital Makeover
Henry Fountain article on spending a weekend making a short video of a youth soccer match, using Apple iMac DV video editing software; says making a movie is a fine idea in theory, but one that would take time from things he would rather do; photo (M)
Banco de la Nacion granted I.B.M.
Xerox also signed several contracts to manage document flow for other companies.
Barry Wood, an Exxon Mobil spokesman, declined to comment today, saying, ''It would be premature and inappropriate for Exxon Mobil to comment on the suit since we have not yet been served with the papers.''
What specific issues affect Intel's approach in Europe?
High-Stakes Appeal Could Be Last Court Date for Microsoft
In April, Intel announced a sweeping restructuring aimed at improving efficiency and trimming costs, and at speeding the completion of critical projects like its new chip architecture, known as Core.
Mr. Perens has stepped in himself and started an effort to respond to the Microsoft-backed group.
Amgen, based in Thousand Oaks, Calif., said the acquisition would result in a one-time charge of $30 million, or 3 cents a share.
When Home Depot decided that it wanted to open a store in Manhattan and was considering leasing a space on 23rd Street between Fifth and Sixth Avenues, one crucial question was whether it would be allowed to have a loading dock in a building that is part of an historic district?
I.B.M.
The letter states that Exxon Mobil pledged in July, after a meeting with the society, to stop financing organizations that spread information the society considers misleading, and it asks for proof that the financing has stopped.
Over Microsoft's objections, Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly of the Federal District Court agreed to allow the states to present an expert witness, James Bach, in an attempt to show that the company's Windows operating system can be broken into different components.
In the last two fiscal quarters, I.B.M.
The rest of the cuts will be spread across the country in 43 offices that Aetna plans to combine in six regional centers and at roughly nine other locations.
And, perhaps most important, it gives Xerox, which has a strong presence in the low and high ends of the color printer market, its first major midprice products, which sell for $4,000 or so.
The agents say they spent their own money because subsidies from Allstate were insufficient.
The eBay Web site is not just handling a high volume of independent purchases, but a vast collection of linked transactions as dozens or hundreds of bidders make offers on the same item, with traffic typically spiking at the very end of a seven-day auction period.
AT&T appears to want shares in the parent AOL Time Warner for a couple of reasons.
And Honeywell ran the site alone.
The Interpublic agencies that will be losing their assignments have worked for Bank of America -- the nation's No.2 bank behind Citibank -- since late 2002.
Metal skins for the Boeing 717 fan cowls, a part of the nacelle, used to travel 17,000 feet and take 43 days to make.
''Our challenge is to straighten out the reputation of the company,'' Mr. Stonecipher, a former president of Boeing who retired 18 months ago, said in a conference call with Wall Street analysts.
Horacio E. Gutiérrez, Microsoft's top lawyer in Europe, said in a telephone interview Wednesday that adding such functions to the operating system was essential if Microsoft was to meet customers' demands.
Many of Xerox's problems are beyond its control, of course.
So far though, investors are betting that the offers from Pfizer and American Home Products are both too low.
Besides Japan Telecom, there are only two other companies in which Vodafone has a stake but not a controlling one: the French mobile phone operator SFR, which is controlled by Cegetel, a unit of Vivendi Universal, and Verizon Communications, which is based in New York.
Evian, which is bottled by the French conglomerate Groupe Danone and distributed by Coca-Cola, is seeking new footing with a $10 million national branding campaign.
That goal, Microsoft and Mr. Winer would agree, is nothing less than a computing lingua franca -- a network software environment in which programs could run and be maintained on a variety of different machines, regardless of which operating system they use.
Fox's efforts to create a 24-hour cable news service have also run into opposition.
b.  subject to the reasonable convenience of Microsoft and without restraint or interference from it, to interview officers, employees or agents of Microsoft (who may have counsel present) regarding any matters contained in this Decree; and
That means PC's based on Microsoft's Windows operating system.
Compared with a year ago, less of Cisco's revenue came from selling Internet routers and other products, but the company made up the difference through consulting and technical services.
Comcast also said it had added customers this year while AT&T lost more than 500,000 subscribers to satellite television and other competitors.
British pop star Sting loses his attempt to claim Internet address sting.com at World Intellectual Property Organization; in separate decisions, board rules in favor of Microsoft Corp and Reuters in disputes over domain names; Sting becomes first celebrity to lose such a suit; Sting could not prove that Michael Urvan registered sting.com in bad faith; photo (S)
International Lease Finance Corp orders 50 of Boeing Co's 737 jets and tentatively orders 50 more; list price for first 50 is about $2.4 billion (S)
Citigroup is changing marketing and other practices at its consumer lending business, CitiFinancial, and they appear to address some of criticisms about marketing of credit insurance that were cited in FTC lawsuit; is trying to complete negotiations to settle lawsuit (M)
Coca-Cola Co says net income grew to $987 million in first quarter, up 38.4 percent from $713 million in year-earlier quarter; revenue declined 2 percent, to $4.14 billion from $4.22 billion in the quarter; table (L)
Earnings at Bank of America Decline on Bad Loans
Yahoo, the Internet portal, which is trying to refashion itself as a collection of fee-based services and classified ads, named Daniel Rosensweig its No.
Stuart Elliott Advertising column on advertisers that are broading their pitches of products for gay men and lesbians from print media to television, Internet, radio and even movies; Stolichnaya is sponsoring documentary Be Real and complementary Web site, in form of profiles of six lesbians and gay men; Viacom's year-old cable TV network and Web site Logo is aimed at homosexuals as well as their friends and families; photo (M)
Weeks among them -- had received the bulk of research dollars and of accolades; people running Corning's catalytic converter, medical glass and other lines had to make do with financial and emotional leftovers.
Both Merrill and Morgan Stanley have blue-chip investment banking operations along with their brokerage business.
Aetna Says It Is Under S.E.C.
The tit for tat public exchanges and the slow drip of executive departures has kept downward pressure on Morgan Stanley's shares, especially since there is a sense that Mr. Purcell has survived the worst of the battle and may not be forced to step down any time soon.
This offering shows that Corning has decided that a huge dilution of its current shareholders is unavoidable.
Denise Caruso column says Internet as global marketplace, fully accessible with any browser on any computer platform, is increasingly threatened by free-market forces; cites notices on Web sites declaring that they have been 'optimized' for viewing on either Microsoft's or Netscape's browser; says Intel's 'optimized content' initiative encourages Web developers to 'optimize' Web sites so they look noticeably better running on Pentium II-based computer; latest threat is modification of standard Internet language by Advanced Television Enhancement Forum to govern digital distribution, via the Internet, of television programs with data added; drawing (M)
Many of Xerox's bank agreements had clauses that enabled lenders to call in loans if Xerox did not provide audited statements by yesterday.
Mr. Jarvis said yesterday that 6,200 people had attended the conference in Paris and 11,000 were in New Orleans, where they were able to talk with one another and hear Oracle's praises sung by industry luminaries like Marc Andreessen, a founder of Netscape Communications, and John Chambers, president of Cisco Systems, the computer network company.
Moreover, tucked away in the hills south of San Jose, I.B.M.
A more lenient settlement has been proposed by Microsoft, the Justice Department and nine other states.
The acquisition would strengthen 3Com's hand against competitors, particularly Cisco Systems Inc., the leader in computer networking, by broadening its product line.
On the call, Mr. McKinnell and other Pfizer executives said the report was not as bad as it first appeared.
Add to that list an Internet-based phone system and several products that would be directly aimed at Microsoft, including a Google browser and a software offering that would compete with Microsoft Office.
Those taking part in the trend toward branded entertainment include Coca-Cola, Ford Motor, General Motors, JetBlue Airways, Meow Mix, PepsiCo, Procter & Gamble and Unilever.
Five-story building at 2 Fordham Square in Bronx, a white elephant for better part of decade, is gaining tenants; building, once home to Caldor, was bought by Fordham Associates in January 2001 for $25 million in cash from Vornado; since then, nine tenants have signed leases of 10 to 20 years; photo (M)
Five other Marriott hotels in the New Orleans area, including the two Ritz-Carlton hotels, will remain temporarily closed to the public until further notice, the company said.
Analysts expect Morgan Stanley, which, like Goldman, has been generating the bulk of its profits from trading operations, to show a similar trend: resilient if slightly weaker trading operations covering for lagging investment banking results.
It would be complicated for Texaco to find a way to get the alliance to fit into a merger with Chevron, which is one of the largest refiners and marketers of gasoline in the country.
Hasbro executives viewed the Pussycat Dolls as a line that could sell to the same young girls who have gobbled up the Bratz, a line of fashion dolls with curvy figures and coy smiles, from a toy rival, MGA Entertainment.
''Our customer acquisition costs would be low to none, given Amazon's traffic.''
But some were not willing to wait for such data before reaching conclusions about FirstEnergy and its management.
Analysts point out that the growth of active eBay users in its largest markets, including the United States, has slowed.
Time Warner agrees to allow Earthlink to offer high-speed Internet access over Time Warner cable television systems if government approves Time Warner's proposed merger with America Online; terms of agreement are not disclosed, but have been provided to government; AOL and Time Warner have said they will allow rivals on their systems, but government has pressed to see terms so it could determine whether AOL's own Internet service would have unfair advantage; merger has received far more scruitiny in Washington than perfunctory review companies expected, largely prompted by opposition of rival media companies, especially Walt Disney Co; Earthlink has not formally opposed deal, but has said it wants to make sure merged company, to be known as AOL Time Warner, will allow it to offer high-speed access on terms equal to those of AOL's own service (M)
Google has won a bidding war to provide search services and advertising to MySpace.com, the social networking phenomenon, and other Web sites owned by the News Corporation.
But the company's 88-page motion, they add, does indicate how much confidence the Microsoft legal team has gained from a Federal appeals court ruling in June in an earlier, narrower case.
One Wall Street analyst said the third investment banker might be likely to take a neutral stand and stay in the middle range, thus avoiding antagonizing AT&T or Lin.
Several supporters of a Wal-Mart bank application said criticism of its proposal was a thinly veiled effort to prevent a new and nimble competitor from entering the industry.
Baoshan Iron and Steel of China sets share price range for its initial offering of 3.50 to 4.18 yuan (42 to 50 cents); offer is expected to raise $1.9 billion (S)
Pfizer has been counting on the new medicine to eventually replace the $13 billion in annual sales from the cholesterol-lowering drug Lipitor, which loses patent protection in 2010.
After struggling unsuccessfully to produce new on-line information services aimed at businesses, AT&T said yesterday that it would turn the task over to Jim P. Manzi, the former chief executive of the Lotus Development Corporation.
To Palmisano, she lauded the withdrawal of I.B.M.
Aetna Inc says it will close or sell numerous unprofitable health maintenance organizations and expand its business with self-insured companies and medium-size employers in attempt to improve profitability (M)
I.B.M.
Some Light At Beginning Of Tunnel For Citigroup
Pfizer's stock slipped 25 cents yesterday to close at $25.99.
So it is no surprise, one state official said, that public officials and the real estate industry are excited about Bank of America's plans, even if the bank does not even want to move into a new home until 2007.
The counter-revolutionaries, he argues, are Microsoft, which he sees as intent on thwarting Java to protect its software hegemony, and the F.C.C., whose policies he derides for stifling technological innovation.
According to the Moody's report, New York has ''proposed a reasonable and achievable fiscal plan for fiscal 2005, thereby resolving one of the most serious fiscal challenges it has faced in decades.
The move plunges Wal-Mart into competition with several established sites, like Amazon.com, CinemaNow and iTunes, and given the chain's penchant for price cutting, could drive down the cost of a digital download.
Through the acquisition, Johnson & Johnson, which is based in New Brunswick, N.J., hopes to enter the fast-growing market for products that manage heart rhythms, like defibrillators and pacemakers.
Motorola introduces its 6000 series of Talkabout two-way radios, which offer all the features of Motorola's previous two-way radios, 14 channels on the public Radio Service band, 38 privacy codes and a range of up to two miles; other advanced features on new two-way phones noted; prices range from $129 to $179; photo (S)
A Microsoft spokesman would not elaborate.
Brookfield disagreed, saying it obtained control over commercial development at Battery Park City in the 1980's with the development of the World Financial Center, a complex of four large office towers that are home to American Express, Merrill Lynch and other companies.
In the meantime, Nike and Reebok continue to jostle for positioning with Mayo, Ohio's two-time player of the year, who averaged 28.6 points, 5.7 rebounds, 5.0 assists and 2.3 steals in leading North College Hill to a second straight state championship.
Keynote Systems of San Mateo, Calif., which uses automated means to measure the performance of Web sites, said the full Microsoft Web site was available to less than 1 percent of customers for at least 45 minutes starting at 9:45 a.m. on Tuesday.
Bell, who had been chief executive since a shake-up in the Interpublic boardroom in February 2003; Mr. Roth had also assumed the chairman's post from Mr. Bell in July.
Wal-Mart de Mexico is now the country's largest private employer.
Inside Citigroup, employees believe that Mr.
''One of the reasons we went public was to reduce the value of these certificates,'' said Steve Lipner, manager of the Microsoft Security Response Center in Redmond, Wash.
In late 2001, Microsoft sided with Mr. Roberts so that Comcast's bid for AT&T's cable business prevailed over an offer from AOL Time Warner, a Microsoft rival.
Before the results were announced, Yahoo's shares closed at $32.60, down 62 cents, but fell as low as $28.86 after hours.
Time Warner, under its libel insurance policy, must insure Ms. Oliver, both sides agree.
In coming months, both companies will introduce new carbonated drinks that are fortified with vitamins and minerals: Diet Coke Plus and Tava, which is PepsiCo's new offering.
Target Corp says it might sell department store divisions Mervyn's, with 266 stores, and Marshall Field's; hires investment bank Goldman, Sachs to provide 'alternatives'; photo (M)
It represents a different approach for Verizon, which has been mostly selling its broadband products through call centers, direct mail and telemarketing.
''How many times are they going to give a tax break to Time Warner,'' said Jonathan Bowles, research director of the Center for an Urban Future, a nonprofit policy institute that is critical of such deals.
The deal also gives FedEx a quick means for increasing its ground delivery business -- and, of course, a source of revenue from creating documents as well as shipping them.
While Microsoft's lawyers pleaded with a federal judge not to break up the company, William H. Gates and other senior company executives were painting a rosy picture of a software-enhanced future today for chief executives of some of the world's largest companies.
Under the decision, the prices Verizon charges competitors to lease network access will fall as much as 38 percent.
Day 1: Prices including tax and shipping to my zip code ranged from $599.94 (at www.amazon.com) to $829.74 (at bestbuyplasma.com) at the top six merchants the site recommended.
To believe that he was using his public stance about the antitrust remedy as a bargaining chip in his dealings with Microsoft, Mr. Kertzman said, ''would overstate the power of my opinion to change what was happening in the Microsoft case.''
An Interpublic spokesman declined to comment on the future of the company's G.M.
A Target spokesman said the company did not believe the card was appropriate for its customers and called on its 11,048 stores to remove the item.
Still, shares of Goldman Sachs fell $1.28, or nearly 1 percent yesterday, to close at $128.35.
All those Microsoft E-mails keep coming back over and over again to the same theme,'' Mr. Malone said.
And in fact I.B.M.
Apple executives cautioned against assuming that the prospect of another disappointing financial report prompted the board to demand Mr. Amelio's resignation.
The telephone giants -- including AT&T Wireless; Cingular Wireless, which is a joint venture of SBC Communications and BellSouth; VoiceStream Wireless, and Verizon -- have furiously lobbied regulators, lawmakers and administration officials to auction the licenses now held by the instructional television services.
While some people faulted the company for failing to strike a deal with the government, others applauded Microsoft for resisting that option, and Mr. Ballmer hardly appeared in a conciliatory mood.
I.B.M., these executives say, may then withhold the click data from publishers unless they can be persuaded to do otherwise.
Softbank America remains Yahoo's largest investor with 14.3 percent, but Softbank no longer has to consolidate Yahoo on its balance sheet.
''They're the darling of the industry,'' he says of Sematech, whose 12-member constituency includes I.B.M., Intel, Motorola and Royal Philips Electronics.
Some analysts suggest that Intel will have to replace the Celeron with a faster chip quickly if it wants to stave off the challengers.
Even within the more limited universe of DVD, Netflix is not totally comprehensive.
''AOL and Time Warner are so different from the standpoint of the media involved,'' he said, ''so from a clout standpoint, there's not as much of a concern over concentration.''
Alteon Websystems enlists two powerful allies, Lucent Technologies and Akamai Technologies, in reaction to Cisco Systems' acquisition of Arrowpoint Communications; is expected to announce that Lucent, Cisco's biggest enemy, has agreed to sell Alteon's gear under Lucent brand (M)
Mr. Glaser told senators that Microsoft had developed a new version of its media player for the Windows 98 operating system that undermines his software.
The vulnerability, found in late June in Microsoft's Outlook Express and Outlook 98 and in Netscape Mail, enables an attacker to send an E-mail message containing a malicious program that could damage or steal data.
''People are postponing the purchases of Macs, especially professionals in advertising, publishing and design who are waiting for specialized software programs to be ready for the Intel-based Macs,'' said Charles Wolf, an analyst at Needham & Company, who owns Apple shares and has a hold recommendation on the stock.
Speaking at the company's annual meeting for financial analysts here, Bill Gates, Microsoft's cofounder and chairman, announced the company's plans to increase its research and development spending this year by as much as 8 percent, to a total of $6.9 billion.
Indeed, after starting out in the flour milling business, General Mills and Pillsbury took widely divergent paths.
National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences is to present technical Grammys to Robert Moog, who developed Moog synthesizer, and Apple Computer Inc, for computers and software that aid in composing, editing and mixing music (M)
To correct that violation, Halliburton paid back $191,013 to the affected people in March 2004.
In these findings, regulators will use the word ''fraud'' to describe the extent to which investment bankers at Citigroup, Credit Suisse and Merrill Lynch influenced the work of their research departments.
Oracle Sees Sales Off 15% In Key Software Category
Citing the company's recent work in rebuilding its balance sheet and its return to profitability, Mr. Zander told analysts in a morning conference call that Motorola was in need of a ''turn up,'' not a turnaround.
The new wave of Microsoft offerings has been designed to find, view and link to blogs on the Internet, for example, and to use that technology with Microsoft products.
Mr. Curry argued that even if working capital did dip into negative territory, it would be a positive for Amazon.
I will also be scouring the Web for news of Mac OS X (as in 10), the long-awaited revamping of Apple's operating system.
He will be president and chief executive of AT&T Comcast, which, like Comcast, will be based in Philadelphia.
Other sites, like stubhub.com and www.ebay.com, act as marketplaces where buyers and sellers complete transactions directly.
One might think that Ford Motor's bitter dispute with the Bridgestone/ Firestone Company was the beginning of the end for Mr. Nasser.
I.B.M.
I.B.M.
European Antitrust Office Sits Down With Microsoft
EBay had $1.8 billion last year in sales of clothing and accessories -- the fifth-biggest category for the company, which said it sold $28.4 billion in goods in 2003, led by $7.5 billion worth of automobiles and $2.6 billion in consumer electronics.
Honeywell's stock went into a tailspin, dropping more than 10 percent from the previous day.
Its issue with the company is that because Boston Scientific has so frequently failed to follow proper complaint analysis and reporting procedures, it cannot be confident that its top executives as well as the F.D.A.
On Monday, Moody's lowered the credit rating of Philip Morris's parent, Altria, and Standard & Poor's said that it could lower the company's rating below investment grade, or to junk bond status.
Coca-Cola Co is recalling all of its soft drinks in same-sized bottles in Poland following discovery mold inside one batch of glass bottles earlier this week; recall affects estimated 170,000 cases of various Coca-Cola products; no reports of illness (M)
Susan Fournier, an associate professor at the Harvard Business School, says Microsoft could be especially vulnerable because of the relationship consumers tend to have with the software maker.
After those remarks, Microsoft shares hit a new high of $129.0625, only to drop a few points Friday after the Intel Corporation, the leading maker of personal computer chips, said that its second-quarter earnings would not meet estimates.
In selecting Mr. Gerstner, I.B.M.
In its brief statement, Aetna said Mr. Dickerson was ''leaving the company.''
Neither the Halliburton nor the Honeywell deals are final, and both could collapse.
Of all Britain's supermarket chains, Asda offers the most obvious fit to Wal-Mart.
Sanford I. Weill, Citigroup's chief executive, has said he wants the bank to expand.
For example, to obtain featured billing on Microsoft's Internet software as one of the Web sites in its Active Desktop channel guide, the Web site company must agree to certain terms.
Carnival Corp has until July 18 to decide whether to make concessions in its offer for P&O Princess Cruises to appease European antitrust regulators, and bring long running battle for control of P&O Princess one step closer to fruition; battle for P&O has been raging since December, when Carnival moved to disrupt friendly merger between P&O and Royal Caribbean Cruises with $5.5 billion hostile bid for P&O; Royal Caribbean chief executive Richard Fain meets with European competition commissioner Mario Monti and urges him to block Carnival's bid (M)
When Mr. Rosen was dismissed at midday, it was clear that executives of Netscape and Microsoft left the 1995 meeting with very different views of what had happened.
In recent months, Lotus shares have risen on speculation that it would be acquired by either AT&T or the Oracle Corporation.
In a subsequent string of E-mail messages, Microsoft employees laid out how they would pose the questions to get the responses Mr. Gates wanted.
While the group -- the Texas Pacific Group, Goldman Sachs & Company and Bain Capital -- is still talking with Diageo about a deal at a much lower price, about half a dozen suitors that were rejected when Burger King was first put up for sale are considering new offers.
Microsoft said Sun's suit was ''without merit.''
The revamping also signals a commitment by Boeing to push ahead with its military and space businesses despite its strong foothold in commercial aviation.
Mary Beth Thorsgard, a spokeswoman at General Mills, said an advertising industry self-regulatory body -- the national advertising division of the Council of Better Business Bureaus -- approved Yoplait's weight loss claim last year.
Mr. Bryant noted that several of Intel's core businesses -- including providing chips for laptops, wireless communications and servers -- remained on track to meet expectations.
He also led Morgan Stanley's merger work for General Electric.
MCI shareholders are expected to vote in the summer on the proposed deal with Verizon.
Boeing owns 40 percent, RSC-Energia of Moscow 25 percent, Kvaerner Maritime a.s. of Oslo 20 percent, and KB Yuzhnoye and PO Yuzhmash of Dnepropetrovsk, the Ukraine, 15 percent.
Correction of picture caption in Business Day on Sept 1, showing IBM's Java marketing team; employee noted
''If Qwest doesn't come back by a week before the Verizon vote, Deephaven is going to lose spectacularly,'' Mr. Halbower said, adding that his fund holds about 16 million MCI shares.
Another Yahoo user who signed the petition, Aaron P. Dyson, a criminal justice student at North Carolina Wesleyan College, said that the issue at stake was not sex but constitutional rights.
The Microsoft plan prompted fears across corporate America that the big software company was positioning itself as a gatekeeper to Internet commerce, collecting and storing personal information on millions of people.
Each of Procter & Gamble's five major product categories posted sales and volume growth in the quarter.
A Johnson & Johnson spokesman, Jeffrey J. Leebaw, said yesterday that the company had not yet seen the letter from the senators and, therefore, could not comment.
The case also contended that Microsoft unfairly withheld technical information from competitors, making it difficult for them to create software for business servers that would work well with Windows.
That may be one reason why Boeing unsuccessfully lobbied the Clinton Administration in 1995 not to let the Export-Import Bank guarantee a $1 billion loan to pay for 85 percent of the Western content of the first 20 planes.
Shares of the Campbell Soup Company shot to a record high yesterday after management announced a $160 million restructuring plan, the $210 million purchase of a German soup business, a $2.5 billion stock repurchase plan and a large increase in its advertising budget.
The Justice Department and the states dismissed the Microsoft offer as less than the company had put on the negotiating table in the past to no avail.
But in interviews over the weekend, William H. Gates, the Microsoft chairman, and William Neukom, the company's general counsel, repeatedly alluded to that point.
Late last month, a group of eight senior equity traders left Morgan Stanley for Deutsche Bank.
The man behind these initiatives will be Steven Sanger, the 54-year-old chief executive at General Mills.
On Thursday, the company will open a Nikewomen store in Westchester County, its eighth in the United States, and is planning to start four more in the United States by the middle of 2006. International stores are planned as well.
Yahoo said its co-founder, Jerry Yang, would assume Mr. Nazem's responsibilities while it searches for a replacement.
Coca-Cola's muted initial approach to its problems appears to have backfired.
It was reported earlier that after the state agreed to a software licensing agreement with Oracle worth an estimated $95 million, a state technology official accepted a $25,000 contribution from the company for Gov.
The I.B.M.
Some concept automobiles offer features such as E-mail and the Internet; models designed by Ford Motor Co, Nissan Motors and General Motors discussed; photo (L)
The two sides are largely in agreement over wages, benefits and a concession from Verizon allowing the unions to organize more easily in the company's wireless division.
California State University at Dominguez Hills set up a similar program for retired aerospace engineers during the recession in the early 1990's, and Drexel University in Philadelphia joined with General Electric to help about 75 retirees become math and science teachers in local high schools.
Senior executives at BlackRock also had second thoughts about losing Mr. Fink to Morgan Stanley.
Hence, the American Express program.
The AT&T Corporation said yesterday that it would send bills directly to its  New York customers, starting next month.
The GSD&M document offers a rare glimpse of the concerns that are buffeting Wal-Mart's retailing empire, from its flagging corporate reputation to the ''near catastrophic'' economic pressures faced by its working-class consumers.
I.B.M.
Interpublic Group of Companies is significantly stepping up its commitment to fast-growing realm of specialized marketing services outside scope of traditional advertising; Interpublic is reorganizing a division known as Allied Communications Group; changes include appointment of first management team devoted full time to Allied Communications and addition of public relations agencies to division; revamping is first major initiative undertaken by new president and chief operating officer of Interpublic, John J Dooner Jr, since he took those posts on April 1 (Advertising column) (M)
That strategy, he said, should ultimately enhance the value of both the News Corporation and Liberty, which will own a stake in the business after it is spun off.
Jeffrey R. Immelt, General Electric's chief executive, has said that NBC has been one of his priorities since he succeeded John F. Welch Jr. in 2001.
In April, Microsoft said it would use Wi-Fi technology, not Bluetooth, in its new Windows XP operating system.
with the notion that you always knew Campbell's was good for you, you just didn't know how good,'' Mr. Fingerman said.
A mutual fund analyst who follows Cisco slavishly for a big firm was eager on Tuesday to see if his call on Cisco had been right and what it would portend for a broader group of stocks.
Even so, Lawrence J. Ellison, Oracle's chief executive, has shown tenacity in his eight-month battle for PeopleSoft, and the latest bid is further evidence that he is not prepared to retreat.
A small number of hand-held computers from Palm, Sony and Handspring, if fitted with a separate Bluetooth adapter, can synchronize address books and other data wirelessly with any Apple computer running OS X that has the D-Link device, called the DWB-120M, installed.
Personalities and military contracts aside, Boeing has compelling reasons to slow the march of Airbus, which has reduced Boeing's share of the commercial aircraft market to 50 percent, from 70 percent, in just five years.
Oil executives, including J. K. Jamieson, Exxon's chief executive at the time, were put on the defensive, forced to justify their soaring profits while the nation was facing its first energy crisis.
I.B.M.
Allstate Agents File Suit Seeking Pay for Overtime
Those businesses, which have traditionally been dominated by Wall Street investment banks like Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley and now Citigroup, have been in a protracted slump but appear to be reviving.
Mr. Torvalds is the programmer who created the increasingly popular -- and free -- Linux operating system, which has become an icon of hipness for the technically adept who typically scorn all that Microsoft stands for.
If the SBC-AT&T merger and the Verizon-MCI union are approved by regulators, the long-haul network and the last mile to local customers would be owned and controlled by the same company in many parts of the country.
Amazon was selling most other hardcover books at 30 percent off the cover price and selling most trade paperback books at 20 percent off the cover price.
Another coalition member, Verizon Communications, left the group recently, he said, after being pressed, primarily by Wyeth.
Pfizer also plans to announce today that it will expand its $10 billion stock repurchase to $16 billion, a measure that may help stabilize the value of its stock.
Mills, I.B.M.
The AT&T chairman and chief executive, Robert E. Allen, said the company had not settled on a permanent replacement.
U.S. Jury Cites Unpaid Work At Wal-Mart
Lawyers for the plaintiffs said Wal-Mart lost credibility when it put more than 50 managers on the stand to testify that they had never seen employees work off the clock.
People close to Morgan Stanley also said that the firm expected its plan would cause less internal dissent than was the case at Merrill, where an unusually large number of brokers have defected to rivals since the firm announced its new on-line trading platform and pricing structure.
Merrill Lynch is just the sort of big corporate customer that every high-technology company wants for a client -- and it uses I.B.M.
Rivals Oracle Corp and Microsoft Corp announce partnership intended to help Oracle's databases work better with Microsoft's Windows operating system; Oracle will join Microsoft's Visual Studio partner program (S)
''One of the good things about being Intel is that in periods of economic slowdown, we have both the financial strength and management convictions to continue to invest in our future,'' he said.
''What's so disappointing is that Nike is making headway on the product front,'' said Carol A. Murray of Salomon Smith Barney.
is the Microsoft-baiting I tend to do.''
The enormous leverage Wal-Mart has with its vendors is evident in Bentonville, Ark., where Wal-Mart is based.
Mr. Semel said that when he joined the company five years ago, he focused on increasing the breadth of Yahoo products.
''It's all academic because Microsoft will win the case when all is said and done,'' said Charles F. Rule, a former senior Justice Department official who is a consultant to Microsoft.
General Electric is testing a palm-size security device with a built-in microprocessor and radio.
Interpublic Promotes From McCann-Erickson
Moreover, by accelerating future revenue and profits into the present, Xerox made the prospect of achieving future expectations even more difficult and increased the company's vulnerability to future business downturns.''
As part of the alliance, Avaya plans to offer its call-center applications on I.B.M.
B. K. Miller's lawyers argued that Coca-Cola Enterprises wanted to take over Miller's customers, which included vending accounts and small stores.
Microsoft Corp chairman William Gates tries to portray Microsoft as company that wants to give consumers choices in how they use computers and get on line, speech to annual Comdex technology conference, Las Vegas, Nev; but many of those attending express doubts about whether Microsoft is truly embracing idea of competition; photo (M)
The Procter & Gamble Company yesterday sued the Colgate-Palmolive Company and its agency, Young & Rubicam Inc. in New York, contending that they deliberately copied a television commercial for Crest toothpaste that P.& G. has run since 1989.
The products -- in various stages of research, development, government approval and commercial deployment -- are an effort by the Boeing Company and its suppliers that is mostly meant to squeeze out the remaining bits of uncertainty in the cockpit, bringing the precision of computer navigation and data presentation to an industry that already has highly reliable engines and aircraft structures.
Interpublic had intended to open in March a stand-alone media agency named Frontier Communications, with Church & Dwight as its charter client.
Three men accused of trying to sell an abstract painting for $135,805 on the eBay auction Web site last year were indicted yesterday on charges of taking part in a bidding ring that cost hundreds of art buyers a total of $450,000.
Lockheed Martin now owns most of the air traffic control company that was the main contractor in an earlier failed automation project for the agency, and the secretary of transportation, to whom the agency reports, is a former Lockheed vice president but has disqualified himself from Bush Administration decisions involving the company.
He and others said that Merck, if it follows the course of other drug companies in similar situations, is likely to try to settle the strongest cases against it and fight some of the weaker claims in trials.
Intel's main rival in the PC microprocessor competition, Advanced Micro Devices, just introduced its own challenger to the Pentium III, called the K6-3.
Unable to do the same, Edison and Pacific Gas and Electric have had to pay up to $1,400 a megawatt-hour for electricity, while charging customers about $64.
Intel reported its financial results after the close of the stock market.
In an e-mail message that Judge Kollar-Kotelly struck from the record, Barry Schuler, chief executive at AOL Time Warner, wrote to a RealNetworks executive that negotiations had broken down when Microsoft had insisted that America Online drop RealPlayer.
As part of his portfolio he will also have a mandate to work with clients on banking deals, Morgan Stanley said.
Analysts noted that I.B.M.
At more than $119, are Microsoft shares too expensive?
Citigroup, on the other hand, has far fewer retail branches domestically but vast global investment banking operations, and it has its sights on building out its branch network abroad.
At the Symantec offices in Santa Monica, automation is used to weed out the routine viruses.
That promotion, he said, is also a competitive response to the site's main competitor, Amazon, which offers free shipping on tools and hardware purchases of more than $100.
For Citigroup, it would accelerate its growth here and give it a bigger piece of the market for managing the huge pool of private savings in Japan, valued by some at up to $17 trillion.
The conflict began a year ago, when Morgan Stanley dismissed Mr. Curry, who had worked for nine months as an analyst in the firm's real estate finance department.
She then explained that Amazon would share customer information with a third party only under two conditions:
Using the money made from Air Taxi service, which by 1990 had grown to 25 airplanes, Taesa began to operate charters, thinking that scheduled service would be the next step.
What is apparently a disconnection between female arousal and desire, researchers note, squares nicely with the Pfizer findings on Viagra.
Intel's response describes a range of business missteps that it says A.M.D.
Unlike telephone voice calls, for which AT&T now pays the Bells billions of  dollars a year in "access charges" to connect local customers to AT&T's long-distance network, computer connections made to assigned numbers over those  same local lines are exempt from access charges.
1 goal in its two-week strike against Verizon three years ago was to secure promises that would make it easier to unionize Verizon Wireless.
and Intel.
Microsoft Corp will provide financing to CinemaNow, leading distributor of independent feature films on demand over Internet (S)
Ronald Reagan was president, Steve Jobs was the chairman of Apple, and consumers' embrace of Windows was still several years away.
He is now suing American, a unit of the AMR Corporation, and Boeing in Federal District Court here, accusing them of failing to take proper preventive measures that would help passengers avoid blood clots.
I.B.M.
''The whole emphasis at Wells Fargo has been on speed.
But Alltel's shares have risen 15.5 percent in the past year on speculation that Verizon or another suitor will buy the company.
Mr. Norris said that both Compaq and Hewlett-Packard, among other ''first-tier companies'' paid less than I.B.M.
General Electric has not been without criticism during the succession race.
Procter & Gamble Co, nation's leading producer of household products, is aggressively trying to move into prescription pharmaceuticals business, where profit margins for successful drugs can be more than double those for some its current products; P&G has huge presence on supermarket shelves, but it is barely known in doctors' offices and health insurance companies, and it lacks track record and product range to command credibility it would need in prescription drug business; despite this, P&G executives see opportunities in developing drugs for aging population; in drug industry, challenge in staying ahead of innovation curve underscores difficulty P&G will have reaping kind of returns it is counting on from its drug division; Wall Street has shown mixed reaction to P&G's new effort; photos; charts (L)
Meanwhile, MCI's management and its lawyers held several conference calls to discuss whether they should publicly explain why they chose Verizon's bid, executives close to the company said.
But last Friday, when it was evident that Time Warner would not pay the $3.4 million, SportsChannel blacked out one game, then another on Sunday.
Andy D. Bryant, Intel's chief financial officer, said the sluggish sales in the quarter were the result of a shortage of chipsets, components that work with microprocessors.
Some A.T.& T. clerical workers laid off in early rounds of job cuts, for example, have had trouble finding new work because they are skilled at using computer systems found only at A.T.& T.
1996 -- General manager, IBM PC.
In a conference call, Wal-Mart executives warned that although the fourth quarter would look good compared with the fourth quarter of 2002, that would be because of the weakness of the 2002 quarter, not because of ''improving consumer spending momentum,'' Ms. Eberts wrote.
''We have never talked about that day's paper or the next day's paper,'' he said, ''never discussed a story in any way that I would interpret as being an attempt to exercise influence over news coverage.''
Hasbro Moves Two Assignments
But Paul Rittenberg, the Fox News Channel senior vice president in charge of sales, said that as the network devised its full-day coverage plans, he realized he simply could not conceive of selling time just the same.
Indeed, one PC company really gaining ground recently is Sony, a leader among Windows-based producers in adopting a digital hub strategy similar to Apple's.
''It's frustrating because you're working side by side with other people who are getting so much more for doing substantially the same thing,'' said David Larsen, a $15-an-hour temp who has worked as a Microsoft software tester for 18 months.
Cisco Systems Inc. reported a 61 percent gain in sales for its fiscal fourth quarter today, as the company continued to be the leading supplier of the necessary hardware for the build-up of the Internet.
Lockheed Martin and BAE Systems filed protests to Air Force to $4 billion contract to upgrade C-130 transport plane that former Air Force official Darleen Druyun has said was improperly awarded to Boeing; protests are first step in process that could ultimately lead to termination and rebidding of contract; Druyun was sentenced to nine months in prison last week for role in awarding contract to Boeing; photos (M)
Although Corning's optical fiber plant in Concord, N.C., remains shut, the company continues to maintain it.
The Cigna Corporation said yesterday that the Pennsylvania Department of Insurance had approved a plan to restructure the insurance company's domestic property and casualty business.
It operates more stores than any of Wal-Mart's other international divisions.
For the quarter, which ended April 29, Cisco reported earnings of $662 million, or 9 cents a diluted share.
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter and UBS Warburg.
Three months later Microsoft canceled its PenWindows project.
Philip M. Condit, the chief executive of Boeing, described the merger as ''an historic moment in aviation and aerospace.''
Keynote is a part of the iWork '05 suite, which sells for $79 at www.apple.com/iwork.
''I don't think that this will start a landslide and cause other airlines to say, 'Well, if FedEx is canceling, I will, too,' '' said Mr. Greenslet.
Pfizer could sweeten its offer, but not as much as it would have paid in a bidding war with Procter.
Among the companies that have licensed Kodak's technology is the eMagin Corporation, which is based in Hopewell Junction, N.Y., and makes microdisplays -- tiny screens for video camera viewfinders and virtual reality headsets.
But analysts worry that many were focusing on personal postmerger prospects or on reshaping Honeywell as a component of G.E.
Editors at both Reuters and Yahoo will review the submissions and select some to place on pages with relevant news articles, just as professional photographs and video clips are woven into their news sites today.
That is a lower tax rate than AT&T could expect to pay on the same transaction, so the companies may prefer to wait until Comcast acquires AT&T's cable unit.
ESPN has also signed an exclusive licensing deal with Electronic Arts.
For instance, TouchGraph (www.touchgraph.com) has developed interfaces for Google and Amazon that display similar items as network diagrams on which the user can click.
''This is indeed an important case,'' Microsoft's brief said.
asked Microsoft's lawyer, Michael Lacovara.
Market Place column focuses on search by Electronic Data Systems and Nike for chief financial officer--posts that have been vacant for more than seven months; average search for chief financial officer is usually three to four months; company that goes for considerable time without chief financial officer may be raising red flag for investors (M)
The new brand, called Levi Strauss Signature, will be priced below $30 and will go on sale in all 3,000 Wal-Mart stores starting next summer.
At Cisco Systems, he will work on building sales of optical networking services and products.
Some technology companies and consumer organizations are planning to announce that they have formed lobbying alliance to oppose technology regulations that are favored by motion picture industry; idea for new organization Alliance for Digital Progress was born last year when Sen Ernest F Hollings introduced bill intended to prevent consumers from exchanging unauthorized copies of movies over Internet; members of group include Microsoft, Intel, Cisco Systems and Digitalconsumer.org; will be led by Fred McClure (S)
''It's not in the interests of the economy, or of Microsoft,'' he said.
One involved a former Goldman Sachs fixed-income trader, a former Merrill Lynch analyst and extended relatives in Croatia.
''Yahoo says, 'Where is the mountain?
Amgen aims to acquire Immunex for the equivalent of $31 or $32 a share, with about 15 percent in cash and the rest in stock, the executives said.
Immediately after the spinoff, Hughes Aircraft and Raytheon will merge in a stock swap in which Raytheon shareholders gain control of 70 percent of the company and G.M.
The United States attorney's office in Sacramento said eBay ''provided substantial assistance'' in the investigation.
For all of 2005, Yahoo posted revenue of $3.7 billion, excluding payments to Web sites, up 42 percent.
According to government documents filed yesterday, Citigroup also engaged in other transactions with Enron, known as Project Nahanni and Project Bacchus, both of which transformed loans into what appeared to be cash from operations.
At the time of the filing, AT&T held about one million of the 24.5 million outstanding shares of 3DO.
Such a change could erase almost all of the gain in earnings before nonrecurring items for the quarter that Aetna reported yesterday.
Boeing, which had predicted it would exceed Airbus in orders, said it would not be drawn into a ''numbers game.''
The bill that passed the House Commerce Committee contained a provision, considered essential by AT&T, that would not allow the Bell into long-distance service unless it faced a "facilities based" competitor in the local telephone market offering services that were comparable in features, scope and price.
Confident Microsoft Corp executives outline for industry analysts string of successes suggesting momentum throughout computer industry in markets as diverse as home computers, business desktop machines, engineering work stations and giant computers that connect entire corporations and serve up World Wide Web sites on Internet; company says it plans to increase research and development spending to $3 billion a year from $2.5 billion in fiscal year that ended on June 30, and to pump almost $200 million a year more into technical and customer support (M)
The Beatles set up Apple Corps in 1968, partly as a tax shelter.
Jonathan Skidmore, a lawyer for Merck, said he could not comment on Ms. Lowry's approach to the cross-examination or the company's trial strategy.
also said that Xerox used improper reserves to inflate profits, a fairly common accounting violation.
They sold Intel and dozens of other technology companies on fears that an industrywide earnings slowdown loomed.
Adobe, based in San Jose, Calif., reported third-quarter earnings, excluding special items, of 28 cents a share, matching Wall Street's expectations despite a revenue shortfall.
In doing so, Kodak is walking a customer-relations minefield: many of these companies offer free film, developing or other services that Kodak customers sell.
I.B.M.
In a statement released late Tuesday, Adobe, based in San Jose, Calif., said business had slowed in some markets, particularly in the United States, and that the softness in the United States could affect its revenue outlook for the quarter.
Interpublic Group of Cos names Lori Senecal global director for Coca-Cola brands, succeeding William B Grogan Jr, who accepts AOL Time Warner post (S)
Chuck Mulloy, an Intel spokesman, said it was standard company policy to cease supplying advance product information or early chip samples to a company that is suing Intel over patents.
''There's pressure on Chevron and Phillips on the chemical side.''
''We signed the deal during the Internet boom, when people said it would surpass television and the movies,'' said Sean McManus, the president of CBS News and Sports.
Intel predicts that consumers will also be able to connect to both Wi-Fi and wireless carriers' data networks through the display.
Procter's licensing division, meanwhile, has entered into deals that let other companies use its brand names.
The popularity of the athletic gear sold by Under Armour has led Nike and rivals like the Adidas division of Adidas-Salomon and Reebok International to step up the promotion of their own products.
Christopher Loder, a spokesman for Merck, said that the company believed that the lawsuit lacked merit.
Article on experiencing videotaped testimony by Microsoft Corp chairman William H Gates on the very Web he helped to propagate (M)
Today, I.B.M.
The Federal Aviation Administration is preparing to skip competitive bidding and choose the Lockheed Martin Corporation to design and build a replacement for the heart of its antiquated long-distance air traffic control system.
Primary among them is the fact that ownership of Time Warner Cable has been considered essential to AOL Time Warner's strategy.
A key conclusion in the judge's findings is that Microsoft's decision to tie its Internet browser to the Windows operating system was an anticompetitive act.
But rarely has a project sanctioned by Mr. Murdoch and the News Corporation's president, Peter A. Chernin -- as the O. J. Simpson project apparently was -- been withdrawn at the last moment.
''Xerox's board has been sitting on its hands and needs fresh ideas from new-economy entrepreneurs,'' said Roger Kenny, a managing partner of Boardroom Consultants.
That opportunity came in May, when Citigroup, WorldCom's other lead bank, struck its own deal with the fund and paid $2.575 billion.
Yahoo itself has been inconsistent about its pursuit of Facebook.
Mr. Murdoch said the News Corporation, which is based in Sydney, Australia, was in a good position after a series of acquisitions to increase its profits despite a weak outlook for television advertising.
and a colleague, Edward Kahn, conducted for Southern California Edison concluded that power generators ''engaged in behavior to drive prices above competitive levels,'' Mr. Joskow said.
The tools include so-called intelligent agents that can be instructed to scan the networks around the clock for items of interest to the consumer, AT&T officials said.
How the Comcast Deal Came Together
Among those interested are two rivals -- Cisco Systems and Nortel Networks -- and the equity buyout firm Silver Lake Partners.
When it was first discovered, Pfizer had hoped that Viagra would work as a heart drug and patented it for that.
Ms. Cross noted that Kodak was facing heady competition not only in digital cameras and prints, but in product lines like retail printing kiosks, inkjet printers and organic light-emitting diodes, a technology that Kodak has been licensing to others for use in electronic displays.
The morning began with a taller, younger semblance of the Apple co-founder talking of introducing ''insanely great'' new products.
In January, General Motors announced an unorthodox plan: its employees in charge of communicating with employees would no longer report to a G.M.
The AT&T Corporation plans to raise as much as $3.19 billion selling shares of its equipment business in the largest initial stock offering in United States history, according to regulatory filings.
Microsoft, Mr. McGrath said, is not indemnifying the investment firm against risk or otherwise indirectly supporting BayStar's move.
For a while, many sex therapists and doctors were optimistic about Procter & Gamble's Intrinsa, a testosterone patch that delivers small transdermal pulses of the sex hormone thought to play a crucial if poorly understood role in male and female libido alike.
Regulators are examing whether American International Group has in recent years burnished its results by striking deals with offshore insurers that appear to be independent companies but may be affiliates of AIG; if companies are AIG's affiliates, transactions between them may not involve true transfer of risk and may run afoul of insurance accounting rules; companies under scrutiny are Richmond Insurance and Union Excess Reinsurance, reinsurers that, according to regulatory filings, do business solely with AIG; both are registered in Barbados, offshore tax haven that is loosely regulated; another offshore insurer that counts AIG as its only customer is Pillar Insurance, also of Barbados; regulators are trying to determine whether transactions between companies and AIG were intended to smooth AIG's earnings, shift some of its troubled assets offshore or circumvent capital requirements; AIG's chief financial officer Howard Smith and vice president Christian Milton are dismissed for refusing to cooperate with regulators investigating transaction between AIG and General Re (M)
''Amgen's logic may have been that having already committed 90 percent of the cost needed to come to market, why not proceed.''
Intuit Inc., which makes software for tax preparation, said its profit forecast for the third quarter would be better than predicted by about 7 percent, largely because of increased sales on the Internet.
The company, known as Merck-Medco before it was spun off from Merck & Company last August, found through research that even executives who make decisions about company health plans know little about the pharmacy benefit manager business.
did not alter Wall Street's concerns about Intel.
The lawsuit is among a series of blows that have recently buffeted H&R Block.
But the research has been done with little cooperation between the two camps, except during short, unsuccessful settlement discussions with Microsoft in the spring of 1999.
Unlike Microsoft's ubiquitous Word software, WordPerfect can display all of the formatting commands within a document.
With its cable and possible Microsoft deals, AT&T -- which two years ago seemed a crippled giant losing ground to smaller, more nimble competitors -- is poised to once again stand astride the communications world.
Peter Robertson, president of Chevron Overseas Petroleum, said the new pipeline was a tremendous boost to regional development.
''Shipping was obviously of some concern to our sellers who don't have big warehouses and shipping departments,'' said Chris Tsakalakis, vice president of advanced solutions at eBay.
A Microsoft spokeswoman said that many of these newly disclosed documents were not relevant to the trial, which focuses on Microsoft pricing actions.
Merck, which paid $6 billion to buy a prescription-drug managed-care company, Medco Containment Services, in 1993, is benefiting, with Medco selling nearly $1 billion in Merck drugs this year, Mr. Brooke said.
In the case of Intuit, the brief said, ''Microsoft succeeded in getting Intuit to agree not to support Netscape, but only after tying Intuit's access to valuable placement on the Windows desktop to Intuit's agreement to abandon Netscape.''
Mr. Mack, who was Morgan Stanley's president until he quit a year ago after a falling out with Mr. Purcell, had dangled the position of co-head of investment banking at First Boston to lure Mr. Chammah.
Citigroup's businesses generally performed well, particularly its consumer group, where income before nonrecurring charges and accounting changes increased 20 percent compared with figures for the period a year earlier.
is making its own chips and chips for Advanced Micro to compete with Intel, too.
Boeing's action can be seen as an indication that it wants to get ahead of any government investigation into its actions and polish an image that has already been tarnished.
Kodak is warm and fuzzy.
''General Motors shouldn't be allowed to be bullied to give up one of the best assets in the world,'' the filing said.
Whatever their hats, those invited here were a group not generally inclined to think highly of Microsoft.
(General Motors Corporation, not the foundation, financed Ken Burns's jazz documentary series through its marketing department.)
Though officials of both firms dismiss speculation that they cannot hold their own against Citigroup and the newly formed J. P. Morgan Chase, that notion has begun to sink in with corporate executives.
When Microsoft originally introduced the Xbox it had argued that a built-in hard disk would offer a performance advantage over machines made by Sony, which use DVD's, and Nintendo, which use read-only-memory cartridges.
CSX TO RAISE DIVIDEND AND SPLIT ITS STOCK
Analysts disagreed over whether the $2.6 billion charges Boeing plans meant the company now had the problem under control.
A person close to Comcast's dealings in Philadelphia said the company's commitment to wire every home, in poor as well as rich neighborhoods, helped to influence city officials in their decisions to limit competitors' access.
agreement, the News Corporation wrote down $387 million.
The device, which Apple is calling iTV for now, will plug into a television and wirelessly pull in video and music from a Macintosh computer in the den or from the Internet.
''We're kind of at a similar point with Web services,'' said Phillip Hallam-Baker, principal scientist at VeriSign, a supplier of online security and payment services.
Jeff Bezos, the chief executive of Amazon, dismissed the moves.
A troubled merger and an inability to raise prices have combined to topple the chief executive of Newell Rubbermaid Inc., the maker of Levelor blinds and Rolodex office supplies.
Dr. Wampler's complaint, which he posted last week to an Internet discussion group on computer risks, is that grammar-checking technology has become one of the casualties of Microsoft's PC monopoly.
Citigroup said 65 percent, or about 6,760, of the cuts would be overseas.
At the time it's appropriate for Citigroup to name a successor, we will name a successor.''
Analysts also expressed concern that Kodak had not disclosed a strategy for its own digital business, expected to lose $400 million this year.
General Motors and Ford Motor say their US sales for June had double-digit declines, as Detroit continued to lose ground to Japanese and Korean rivals; US sales overall were weaker than expected, down 5.97 percent from year ago; seasonally adjusted selling rate for cars and light trucks dropped to 15.4 million in June from 17.8 million in May; GM's sales declined 15.4 percent; Ford reports 11.9 percent decline in overall sales; DaimlerChrysler posts 0.68 percent increase in sales; Hyundai Motor America's sales, were up 19 percent; Honda's sales rose 1 percent, which sales at Toyota rose 5 percent; graph; chart (M)
But when the three-year relationship between ESPN and Sega ends in 2006, the rights to the use the sports network's brands will go to Electronic Arts.
Shares of Time Warner closed down 49 cents, or 3.2 percent, to $15.06, amid a broad sell-off.
For Apple, the deal could help it keep the lead in the online music market, which promises to get even more competitive later this year with the arrival of Microsoft.
ImClone Systems and Bristol-Myers Squibb said yesterday that they would begin to provide their cancer drug, Erbitux, to a limited number of colorectal cancer patients who have exhausted other treatment options.
In 1993, General Motors hired Mr. Webster to conduct an internal inquiry into whether it had destroyed documents relating to the safety of pickup trucks that had been made from 1973 to 1987 and that had fuel tanks mounted outside the vehicles' frames.
Philip J. Purcell, Morgan Stanley's current chairman and chief executive and the former top boss at Dean Witter, and John J. Mack, a Morgan Stanley veteran who is president of the combined entity, clashed last year when Mr. Mack was seeking to be made a co-equal and was rebuffed, people at Morgan Stanley say.
Intensifying the consolidation of the nation's top book publishers, the News Corporation announced a deal yesterday to expand HarperCollins with the purchase of the Hearst Corporation's Avon Books and William Morrow & Company.
The announcement does not specifically say Microsoft has chosen I.B.M.
Pfizer's pipeline of new drugs is also relatively bare.
In the last 10 years, she said, Wal-Mart has collected more than $52 billion in sales taxes, paid $4 billion in local property taxes, and paid $192 million in income and unemployment taxes to local governments.
Analysts said the fourth quarter offered a significant example of how Apple was transforming itself from a computer company into a digital music and entertainment company.
The I.B.M.
Apple said it would earn $75 million to $85 million, or 42 cents to 48 cents a share, in the quarter ending Sept. 30.
As Microsoft celebrates its 25th anniversary this month, the company is unlikely to call attention to another formative event 25 years ago: the day someone stole Bill Gates's software.
TKT, a biotechnology company based in Cambridge, Mass., has developed a way of producing EPO that it contends does not infringe the patents held by Amgen.
But, regulators said, the firm let Xerox use accounting techniques that did not comply with established rules and that allowed the company to falsify its results.
But as the early news photographs showed nearly deserted Main Streets at Disney's parks in California and Florida, investors were badly alarmed, even though the company says that attendance is now rebounding.
Verizon Wireless, which acquired most of the licenses in question at an auction in January, and AT&T Wireless have been putting pressure on NextWave to settle, people close to the talks said.
Yahoo's oneSearch service (m.yahoo.com) tries to anticipate users' needs.
Procter & Gamble Co names Leo Burnett Co, Chicago, to handle its consolidated worldwide Max Factor cosmetics account; account had been divided between Burnett internationally and Lotas Minard Patton McIver in NY for the United States (Advertising column) (S)
He denied that Starbucks was losing its focus, telling the analysts that the coffee-shop business ''is and always will be the driver of what we do.''
's Year 2000 Program office, which is eight months old, said his agency had found former I.B.M.
The Wii and Sony's technology-packed PlayStation 3 went on sale in the United States in November, a year after Microsoft rolled out its Xbox 360.
Michigan's Gov Jennifer M Granholm is courting Toyota Motors as General Motors and Ford Motor Co cut thousands of jobs, close plants and eliminate benefits of shrinking number of workers still employed in state that relies on auto industry; Granholm, having landed $150 million Toyota design center earlier in year, has her eyes on potentially bigger prize: engine plant that Toyota may build in Midwest; Michigan plant would take Toyota to center of American automotive heartland; graph; photo (M)
Intel's third quarter ends Sept. 25.
ImClone Systems is expected to reject the demands of Bristol-Myers Squibb to restructure their $2 billion partnership because it would eviscerate the profits ImClone would receive from its cancer drug, people close to the situation said yesterday.
Since the TCI acquisition, control of Liberty has remained with Mr. Malone, though the unit's shares have traded as an AT&T tracking stock.
The Belgian official said that two Coca-Cola plants closed during the ban -- at Ghent and Antwerp -- were close to reopening or already had reopened after inspections by Government officials.
A merger between UFJ and either of the larger rivals would create the world's biggest bank in terms of assets, eclipsing Citigroup.
But for all Comcast's success as a cable operator, acquiring an entertainment conglomerate like Disney would mean management challenges vastly different from the relatively predictable cable business.
Mr. Zuckerman did not return calls yesterday requesting comment, and Mr. Hadar said, ''I'm not in a position to comment on Citigroup Center.''
With Merck's project nearing completion, the Longwood area's traditional brick-and-mullion style is beginning to give way to glass and steel.
RHK, a research company in San Francisco, says the number exceeds 4,000 terabytes, while Professor Odlyzko argues that the Internet daily traffic flow is only about 2,000 terabytes -- or only about a third more data than the amount Netflix ships.
Coca-Cola somewhat boldly changes its look as a fashion statement.
But Mr. Wisner, now vice chairman of the American International Group, an insurance company, said that though Enron then owned a majority of the exploration company, their boards were separate.
Motorola's shares held on to most of their gains from Tuesday's trading, ending yesterday down 10 cents at $12.90.
While Verizon and SBC each recently conducted its own assessment of a potential WorldCom deal, it does not appear that either company entered serious discussions with WorldCom.
And Interpublic has some homegrown problems, too.
But as competitors emerged, including Agfa in Europe and Fuji in Japan, Kodak's profit margins eroded, and for two decades it has been shrinking its work force and moving jobs overseas.
America Online puts new emphasis on luring users to free Web sites supported by advertising, reversing strategy that sought to sell users new pay services; risks accelerating loss of paying subscribers while offering free services; boldest effort in new strategy will come with new version of AOL.com Web site, advertising-supported Web portal that will seek to compete with Yahoo and MSN; AOL's failure to keep pace in Internet advertising has been especially painful, given that company virtually invented online advertising business and dominated it until 2001; photo; drawing; graph shows decline of AOL subscribers (M)
Mr. Stern has angrily denied any deception and says his former employer is suing him to distract attention from CBS Radio's straits.
A year ago, at Wal-Mart's first conference for journalists, the company's chief executive struck a feisty, at times defiant, tone toward critics of the company's health care benefits and wages.
Mr. Gassee could offer Apple a relatively risk-free bridge between its tarnished past and this potentially brighter future.
Mattel is expected to close soon on its purchase of the Learning Company, the leading maker of educational programming.
The decision was viewed as a major coup for both Amazon.com, a leading Internet bookseller, and the smaller bookstores that had waged an aggressive campaign to kill the transaction.
The Interpublic lineup of agencies, some of which had already been working for Bank of America, were selected over agencies owned by a principal Interpublic rival, the Omnicom Group in New York.
In December the commission issued a new lawsuit against Microsoft, accusing it of failing to provide the technical documentation needed by rival server software makers; it was ordered to provide that data in the 2004 ruling.
At less than $5 a share, Xerox is vulnerable to buyout firms, who might acquire the company and sell its assets.
Verizon Wireless, meanwhile, is eager to show its customers that it will remain an industry leader in reliability and coverage, even after Cingular and AT&T Wireless merge later this year to form the biggest mobile carrier in terms of subscribers.
But some analysts said Intel's decision to promote a generation of products two years away suggested the pressure it is feeling at the low end of its product line.
There are now more than twice as many iPod accessories as there were just last summer, according to Apple.
The Interpublic Group of Companies ended weeks of speculation yesterday by naming Tony Wright, a top executive at the Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide unit of the WPP Group, as president and chief executive at the large, struggling Interpublic agency Lowe & Partners Worldwide in New York.
''If Pfizer bought Amgen we would be the biggest in biotech,'' he said.
Bristol-Myers Squibb Co restates its financial results, largerly reflecting its move away from inventory practices that inflated its earlier figures; reduces revenue by about $2.5 billion and earnings from continuing operations by about $900 million for three years through 2001; also adjusts its financial results upward for 2002; reports earnings from continuing operations of $1.9 billion on sales of $18.1 billion in 2002; company is under formal investigation by Securities and Exchange Commission; graphs (M)
The CVS Corporation, which operates 4,100 drugstores in 33 states, and Wal-Mart Stores, the nation's largest retailer, said they would honor the cards.
Mr. Kassan filed a lawsuit and an arbitration action against Interpublic last month, asking for $63.5 million for breach of contract and defamation of character.
Apple will report its results on Oct. 13.
Microsoft reshuffled its management team yesterday in an effort to make it more nimble as the company tries to lift its growth and compete with fast-moving rivals like Google.
Merck announced that it would stop selling Vioxx because a study showed increased risk of heart attacks and stroke, particularly among those who had taken it longer than 18 months.
A bigger question is how Home Depot will fill the growing number of empty seats on its board.
General Electric's former chairman Jack F Welch Jr sells world rights for how-to business manual to HarperCollins, unit of News Corp, for estimated $4 million; book, which will be called Winning, does not fetch advance of book Jack: Straight From the Gut, which he sold in 2000 without any written proposal for advance of $7.1 million; Suzy Wetlaufer, Welch's fiancee and former editor of Harvard Business Review, will help him write book; Welch comments; photo (M)
Moore's Law is named for the semiconductor industry pioneer and co-founder of Intel, Gordon Moore, who while still an engineer at Fairchild Semiconductor made an observation in 1965 that has since held true: Through advances in chip design, electrical engineering and material science, the number of microscopic transistors that could be etched onto the surface of a given piece of silicon wafer would double approximately every 18 months.
In a statement, the parent company, Marsh & McLennan Companies, said: ''We take very seriously the allegations made by Attorney General Spitzer.''
Indeed, in reporting a new batch of quality problems yesterday, Boston Scientific cited its announcement as evidence of how quickly it was improving safety monitoring and public communication at Guidant.
When it comes to recording images, Eastman Kodak has met its match.
But with CBS's ratings sliding, even as the contest for the top spot has heated up between NBC and ABC, Mr. McManus said it was time to make a move.
Verizon expects to sign up 20 percent of homes that can receive FiOS service in Keller by the end of the year, according to Bob Ingalls, the president of the company's retail group.
Before Cisco reported its results, the company's shares closed unchanged at $62.75.
