Maybe I am spoiled.  I lived in Dayton, OH for 19 years, and am used to eating steak at a top 3 steak house in the US, The Pine Club. The presentation didn't help.  I wish I had taken some pictures. The steak was on a HUGE white plate, with some green beans thrown on it.  Very boring, plain, and unappetizing.

3. It was packed (which is a good sign usually)

The right-hand entrance goes straight to the deli section, but that's also where they store the shopping carts, so you may be blocked from actually entering the store. If it's not carts, the absurdly long line to the tax/banking business will block you, too.And prices are hella high here, unless you're deliberately going in for featured items in their circular- how on earth they're charging $12 for a bottle of McCormick's ground cloves, I have no idea. I went in to get it for a recipe and left without it, those are highway robbery prices. Up to twice the price for produce, too.But sometimes you'll luck out and find $3 off stickers on their butcher packages of chicken thighs, bringing them down to sane pricing. Their boneless skinless chicken breasts regularly get put down to $1.49/pound, too, which is good to look out for.On the bright side, staff tends to be on the friendly side and the self-checkout is nearly always open.Ultimately I'll still shop here, since it's on my route to/from work and they tend to have good specials- but I exercise caution when picking up items that aren't on sale.Fought with the DMV kiosk for 15 minutes, trying to renew my registration. I finally gave up in disgust and on my way out, advised the Albertsons clerk it wasn't working, only to be told it automatically goes down for updates at around 9pm, and would be back up at 7am or so. Now, I understand the DMV kiosk is independent,  and is not owned/operated by Albertsons, but since it's inside the store, do you think somebody could put a dang sign on the thing?FAIL.I have been putting up with the store for an entire month since we moved nearby. But now... I have had enough. Regularly I will come to the store after 11 PM in order to pick up some last minute things. Every five minutes from 11 PM until midnight, a checker--Usually the heavy, middle aged guy with facial hair--Will get on the store intercom and abruptly remind everyone of when the store is about to close. 15 minutes after 11. 20 minutes after 11. At the bottom of the hour. 20 minutes till 15 minutes till five minutes til....I get it. We all get it. You want to go home. I started realizing that since absolutely no shopping carts are available after 10:30 PM but it is a disincentive for anybody to buy anything that is more than what one can carry in one's arms....More than a few times I have felt like a scurrying war-torn refugee out of the eastern bloc trying to hastily select from items on the shelf before the state run store sends their clerks after me angrily....This is Vegas. Everything is open late. As long as people are making purchases, and patronizing your store, then stay goddamned open and be courteous and ready and accommodate your clients. Don't act like they are being an imposition on you. I am sick of your crap, Albertson's on Rainbow.If the corporate brand has any sense or vested interest in getting your location into shape, they will enforce decent customer service, and encourage employees who want to try to take an iota of pride in their work. Yes, I know that you are not Trader Joe's or whole foods or a gourmet brand, but you are still frequented by middle-class working people who wish to have the basics in customer service, courtesy, and ease of access to products.Final warning to get your shit together before I write a letter!Man this place has really gone downhill it used to be nice but that was a long long long long very long even longer time ago I was actually shocked to see that the people that work there what kind of smile but the people outside and inside for that matter can be on the rough side the definite don't turn your back and keep your head up I give them two stars because the poor quality of food that they have and placement of the food that they provideSo I'm a masochist...

--local beer, but I think New Glarus and Capitol are much better

Club? no

What kinda joint is this. well it's flavorless, at least thats my take. The Burrittos Blah! The Tacos Blah! The Nachos Blah! All eiether had NO flavor or The Flavor was off. Its a shame to fill a thin soggy tortilla with 80 cents worth of ingredients and wrap it in such a thin piece of foil that it splits and leaks out of the bag, and charge 8 bucks for it! especially when its as sad as these!!!

The price - 4 stars

* No outlets by bed so had to get extension cords for my husbands CPAP

I normally will visit when family and friends want to go there but it isn't a place I would choose for myself.Cheesecake factory take 2: Southside location this time.I still hate it! After my previous review on the Ross park location, I declared that I would never be back. Joke's on me though, because someone though we would love a Cheesecake Factory $50 gift card for our anniversary. -.- Thank you SO MUCH. I'm not trying to be ungrateful, but I made it pretty well known that if you wanted to give us gifts, make it Home Depot gift cards or cash. This weekend, we figured we'd get it over with. Yes. It's actually painful to eat here, even when it's for free. After waiting for an hour, we got seated, then were asked to get up so they could move our table. Then they put in other little tables an arm's length away. I imagine this is so that everyone could eavesdrop on how everyone else's date was going. Very thoughtful of them. I think the couple on our left probably won't be going out again. The dude was trying real hard, but there's only so much small talk you can do before it starts to become awkward, and the girl he was with was just not doing anything to help him out. I'd dump her...We got an app, crab wontons. The filling tasted like mustard, which wasn't even in the description, and the dipping sauce was bland. Very boring. Tyler said he prefers the ones I make at home, and they're a hot mess. For my meal, I got the chicken Baja tacos. They looked beautiful. Unfortunately they were extremely tasteless and the chicken was dry. The best thing on the plate was the side of black beans and rice. I think I've figured out how this place works. They probably cook up mass portions of chicken and then just throw it on whatever meal it goes with. I doubt anything is cooked to order or marinated. It tasted old and dry and the seasoning it had on it did nothing for it. I actually tried to make it better by tossing some salt on it. No one should ever, EVER, have to salt a taco.We skipped cheesecake since I was disappointed in it last time and instead shared a dulce de leche caramel shake. That was the best part of the night! Service was a little rushed and impersonal, but what can you expect with a restaurant this huge and messy? If I ever get another gift card for this place, I'm giving it back or giving it away. This is just a bad idea of a restaurant and that's all there is to it. It's level of success will remain a mystery to me, like the Bermuda Triangle or the Loch Ness monster.I was so looking forward to going to the Cheesecake Factory because we do not have one anywhere close to Albuquerque, NM.  I did not go to this particular location on 27th, but did go to the one in Ross Park Mall.  What a MAJOR disappointment.  The food was WAY TO expensive, not tasty at all, and the service was the slowest I have ever experienced.  2 1/2 hrs. in a restaurant to eat a burger and piece of cheesecake is ridiculous.  Also, I did not think the cheesecake was all that great for $8 a slice. PLEASE DO NOT COME TO ALBUQUERQUE.My visit at the Cheesecake Factory was not for the obvious reasons. For National Cheesecake Day, the Cheesecake Factory was offering half-off a slice of cheesecake which was the only reason I went. There was a line to get to the hostess but she did a great job keeping everything in order. I only had to wait thirty minutes to get seated. Our waiter was very personable and knew about the new cheesecake flavor that came out that day. I was pleasantly surprised that we got complimentary bread. Of the two options, I liked the wheat better than the white. For my cheesecake, I chose the fresh strawberry cheesecake. It was not bad nor awesome. The cream part of the cheesecake was smooth but did not have the flavor of cream cheese. The graham cracker crust did not hold up well. I did not know that the fresh strawberry cheesecake cost slightly more than the other more elaborate cheesecake so I was slightly shocked when my bill came. The mediocre cheesecake did not make me want to come back here anytime soon.The cheesecakes are good and the setting is kind of fancy smancy, but that is all. Everything went downhill from that point. The Cheesecake Factory just intensifies my dislike for restaurant chains.  Now, let me whine, cry and complain. It's way too dark in there, how the heck am I supposed to read the menu? Are there sketchy stuff in the food that you guys don't want me to see? Also, it took nearly an hour for my food to arrive. My eating companions literally left the restaurant to walk around and when they came back, I'm still there nibbling on bread and butter. The frustrating part is that the restaurant was not even that busy. I got to try the avocado eggrolls, which were so bland. The Bang-Bang Chicken and Shrimp dish, which was just a super sweet curry dish. It looks kind of gross, but tastes ok. The Spicy Chicken Chipotle Pasta was not even spicy at all, but was actually the most edible dish on the table.  Overall, the long wait really turned me off and the food was not that impressive. I recommend this place for the tasty cheesecakes, and ONLY the tasty cheesecakes.This is the second time within 2 weeks that I have visited the South side location. Last week our service was poor and we made a point to let someone know. Giving them another chance, we are back today for lunch. Service is still just as bad. It took 10 minutes for us to get water, and even longer for bread after she said she would bring some, we still had to ask after 15 minutes had passedI've waited a couple visits to review The Cheesecake Factory because I've had some mediocre experiences that I thought might not have been very representative of their usual quality of service and food.  Unfortunately, my most recent visit was really unpleasant, and I feel that the mediocre experiences I've had in the past are probably as good as it can get.  Our most recent visit was on a busy night, and the wait was about a half an hour. We were pleasantly surprised that we were seated in only about 20 minutes, but it was only down hill from there.  We ordered the grilled artichoke as an appetizer (which probably wasn't the strongest choice considering the other options), but it was inedible. I'm not a picky eater and I've never sent any dish back at a restaurant, so we didn't make a fuss, but we physically could not chew it.  When our waiter saw that we had hardly touched it and asked how it was, we just laughed and said it was inedible, but all he said was, "hopefully your entrees are better." My boyfriend ordered the spicy cashew chicken and I ordered the chicken piccata.  My chicken was okay.  It didn't have a whole lot of flavor, and it only had 3 little capers on it (which is my favorite part!), but the spicy cashew chicken was really bad.  The rice was actually floating in the amount of sauce that the chicken was drenched in.  My boyfriend could hardly eat any of it.  To make things worse, we never once had our waters filled during the entire meal even though my boyfriend's water was empty after only about 20 minutes.  In addition, our waiter was very difficult to track down to get our checks, and then it was a good while once again before he took our payment.  The only redeeming aspect of our meal was the dessert.  We ordered the red velvet cheesecake (in which we waited quite some time to order it and then have it brought to our table), but it was delicious! I will probably opt out of ever dining here again, but I might order the cheesecake for takeout.I am rarely near the Boulevard Mall, so I rarely go to this Forever 21. The last time I went to that mall was specifically to shop at this Forever 21. I was looking for a couple items I had seen on the Forever 21 website. Customer service was nonexistent. It's not that there wasn't employees working, I saw 3 doing busy work. But I was never greated, nor asked if I needed help, even though I circled the store three times looking for things. I say that the employees were doing busy work because the store was a mess. The lack of assistance would be somewhat understandable if the ladies were working hard to keep the store clean and organized, but jewlery was all over the place (including the floor), clothes were unorganized.I won't make a special trip to Boulevard Mall to shop at this store again. I'd rather order online or deal with the chaos at Fashion Show Mall.They Rape you on your trade ins. I traded band of brothers on blue ray. It retails for $79.00 at Best Buy they gave me $7.00. They do have some good selections but you may as well just trade with a pawn shop because you couldn't get any less. And they raise the prices on all new releases better off going to Target or Best Buy!I've come here a few times, the service is ok but the place itself makes me sick.  They blare the music so loud I became dizzy and got a huge headache.  I wouldn't be coming back here againThis place is hilarious.  It shows just how desperate the west-side is for bar.  If you can imagine the complete opposite of typical Scottsdale bars- Barcelona, Devil's Martini, etc. this place is that.  It reminds me of high school dance.  Most the people here are still wearing the same clothes since whatever generation they were in high school.  And the music is the same songs (actually, I think I was in middle school).  Ladies, if you're feeling a little down on yourself, go here.  You will feel gorgeous.  Seriously though, if you are just looking for a chill place to be stupid and drunk with your friends this is it.  Drinks are cheap and strong.  Just lower your expectations way way way down.I try NOT to go here for dancing, but they are GREAT for karaoke.  Huge songbook, good drinks and entertaining hosts.But the dance area is what kills the star rating.I typically get there early with a large group who wouldn't go anywhere else... before nine to avoid a cover for the men in the group and the drinks are cheap.  The bad part... bad music until like 10 or 11.Until then, you are stuck with people in their golden years listening to 70's music (which I absolutely DESPISE, thankyouverymuch) and wondering why the hell you agreed to show up so early.Then... as midnight comes on, it turns into a meat market and you have to be protected by your date in every move you make. "I JUST need to go to the bathroom, and I'm a flipping lesbian.  I know you don't believe me and you now suddenly believe you can convert me, but tough cookies sweetheart, now back off."Go for the karaoke... not the dancing.Cheap and desperate.  Paying a cover charge to enter this karaoke dance club is somewhat embarrassing.  I suppose it can be fun if you are completely hammered and ready to let your inner douche bag out.This place charges a cover charge and sometimes has a line to get in... are you serious? Hurricane Bay is like biting into a jelly doughnut without any jelly. You're sitting there in line thinking this place must be awesome it has a line and then your paying your admission fee thinking well if they charge me to even step in here it must be one fantastic place.. then bam your in and oh what a let down all you see is either a group of people with serious issues having an 8 way orgy in the corner (no its not hot its what real bi-sexuals and just dont give a crap exuals look like not that I have a problem with that I just dont want to stare at it) or a 50 something single lady dancing with a 21 year old dude. WHERE IS THE JELLY?I am not sure when Hurricane bay turned into an alternative life styles + older folks spliced dance club but paying to get in here is a joke.If you like hip hop and strange people around you this is your place!!! They do have a fun small bar in the back that is good for  karaoke.I used to go here years ago and then moved... I came back recently and the whole place sucks!! They let this little Italian kid run the karaoke side and he's SO into himself, it's kinda funny. Back in the day they had this smoking hot blonde that did everything from Queen to country, she's gone now! Hopefully I can find where she went, she was SO talented!!!I'm a karaoke Diva and have been to quite a few places for karaoke. I wound up here because my new housemate invited me, and it was ok. I wouldn't have paid a cover to get in. Luckily I got there before the cover started (or perhaps it was the plunging neckline - I looked as good as I can look that night).The karaoke hosts are a bit full of themselves and will in fact take an opportunity to steal your spotlight while you are singing. NOT OK guys - I do just fine on my own. If I did not ask you to sing harmony then put the mic down until it's your turn. And stop telling everyone to drink more - you don't have to make it so obvious that you get paid a percentage of the bar tab. I don't drink alcohol - diet coke with cherries on top because I like to put on a show - please and thank you. Even the most killer drink specials don't make a difference to me. In fact, they make the drunks stupider even more quickly. Being sober and the designated driver, this sometimes kills my good time.The song selection is on a touch screen and not well organized. Trying to find a standard song was near impossible without help, and the help I got was from another singer, not the folks running the thing. I'd rather deal with a human than a machine fellas. Stop checking your prettyboy looks in the mirror and connect with your singers outside of when they're onstage. The machine does save your song choices from prior evenings and has them on a quick list, so if you sing the same songs every week, it does make it easier.I had to thread through the club side to go out to the smoking patio. Music was ok though the crowd didn't seem to be too enthusiastic. Folks were friendly enough, but I've experienced better karaoke, better atmosphere, and better crowds in several other places not too far away.Going back tonight because the roommate and his friends like the place. Update to follow.I have been to this club a bunch of times with my friends. Its got ok music. A lot of guys are jumpy. Almost got jumped one time. The drinks are ok before ten. Bud lites are 4 for a dollar before ten which i like but they get pricey afterwards. Oh and theres alot of black people there. Wednesday nites are the nites i go cuz my girlfriends get in for free. Thats rite ladies nite. The nicest bartender there is the lady with the long dark hair. The girls at the entrance just sell beer. Theres karaoke on the far side of the bar. Looks fun. Its ur typical club i guess. If u want a guy threatening you. Wethere ur a girl or a guy.Not really my scene, but we went for a few friends' birthday and got a cabana/booth spot. The Pros:Our waitress was fast and courteous.

All order the unlimited wings which 3 people had to share while other tables has a plate to each person. We weren't the waitress friends like the table next to use. We had the bust boy doing our drinks and re ordering he had better customer services then the waitress. Wow the wings were amazing but it was pathetic to have to eat one plate wait 20+ mins for the second plate. By our 3rd plate they had run out of wings yet the people next to us had each a plate each for 5 people fresh "out of wings" by 9pm when you open at 5pm. She then tried to charge us $17 per person when the hostess and website had said $10 per person all you can eat. She had the greatest comment of all "you guys ate the most wings out of all my customers tonight" gees thanks 2 grown men and 1 girl  we ate 3 plates that had maybe 12 wings not hooters/Pizza Hut/wing stop/ buffalo wings size these wings are called lollipop wings for a reason they are small! The steak friends were a joke I had no steak on them one full potato cut into small pieces. I also had a issued with my card really!!! Did you try to actually run it. What a miracle you try a second time and have no issues. Well I guess I'll have to keep going somewhere, else. Sucks food was great but customer services was a joke they might as well have a place to order and pick up avoided the waitresses.Came here for national wing day and they were offering$10 for ayce wings. The food was delicious, but the service from the server fell short. He constantly ignored us and always had an attitude. However, the runners and hostess were great. For being at Red Rock, I expected more. Sure, every table probably ordered wings, but it felt like he judged our table for being young and cheap. This place should learn to cater to all different types of demographics. There's nothing worse than bad customer service.My husband hates it here, we love eating at nice places and are the type that enjoying spending the money on the right meal. However this place seems over priced for the quality food. The baked ricotta pot is good, the tuna is good but nothing that wows you. I'd much rather go to Joes Stone Crab for the same cost but with way better service and quality of food.The food was very very good even though it was a bit overpriced, bad service not due to the waiters, the waitress did everything she possibly could to cover her sections and have to cover for original server. The place was basically set up for service failure because they have servers managing odd sections.

Update-- didn't end up charging us after telling us they were going to.This has to be one of the loveliest places to eat in Phoenix. Indoors or out in the courtyard, the ambiance is top notch.

+Multiple flavor drink machine :D

1) Employees need to smile a little.. Actually more often please. & 2) Seems like they change their items on the floor every 3-4 days! You would think they'd keep it up for at least a week! Just in case you need another or need to exchange..FYI - Return Policy is exchange or store credit only!I went to IHOP on 3/26/2013 at 12:28am. I went with my wife and mother to satisfy one of my pregnant wife's cravings. Since it was so late both my mother and I did not want to get hug meals so we inquired about ordering off of the kids menu which we were told was quite alright. The server seemed nice he wasn't great but I give it to having to work a late shift. My wife ordered the Pancake combo with over hard eggs hash browns sausage and the pancakes where NY cheese cake pancakes. My mother ordered the grilled Mac and Cheese. I ordered the Mac and cheese and then my wife gave me the IF YOU DONT ORDER SOMETHING ELSE I WILL STAB YOU LOOK simply because she did not want to be the only one seeming like she was eating at the table so I also ordered a crispy chicken salad.The pancakes did not have a single hint of cheesecake but they were still good maybe its because I really like ihop pancakes but I thought they were still delicious, my wife on the other hand wasn't so pleased as she didn't feel her prego sweet tooth was satisfied. The hash browns sausage and eggs were the usual nothing out of the ordinary. The grilled cheese sandwich was exactly like the grilled cheese I would make at home toasted brad with a slice of cheese is in the middle. The Mac and cheese was regular Kraft Mac and cheese. The salad just happens to be one of my favorite salads at ihop and it surely never disappoints its filling and tasteful.We asked for the tab and when I received it I was shocked to see that even after ordering off of the kids menu the entire bill was still over $30.00 O.O!!! Luckily we had a menu at the table and my mom quickly started comparing the prices. She immediately noticed that we were charged the incorrect amounts. My wife suggested that maybe the pricing was different given the hour. I looked through out the menu and the check to see any sort of fine print that may state that prices are subject to change based on time but there was none. I asked the server if the prices where different given the time it was he explained that they were not. I showed the server the inconstancies in my check and the pricing that was listed in the menu. He said WOW! I'm shocked I've never had someone point that out. He then picked up the tab and my credit card which was laying on the table and said let me see why it did that. My thoughts were oh well he's surely going to edit the amounts and bring me the correct bill and charge that to me. Well to my surprise he did absolutely nothing and simply charged me the incorrect amount. I have a very short temper especially when I feel someone is trying to take me for a fool but in this particular instance I held my cool and simply walked out of the establishment before I turned ihop into a crime seen over 2 measly dollars. My wife later asked my why I was so aggravated at the situation and I had to explain that if ihop is doing this to every single person because no one is checking their bills then they are committing fraud and false advertising. I explained that if I was committing fraud I'd be in jail so why is it ok for them to do it? And at the end of the day its not about the 2 dollars its about the principal!! I ended up writing a contact us form about the issue I doubt they'll actually reply.I'm sure ihop used to have great food in the beginning. Now that they are large, they quality of food is cheap and everything is from a can. Batter from a box pancakes always taste good and exactly the same. Friend ordered an omelet.  It was soggy and there was a suspicious looking liquid in the middle which I though was raw egg. Turned out it was some kind of cheese product from a can. The server im sure was nice enough, but you couldn't understand a word she said.  In fact the entire staff you could tell was hired for cheap labor.  Cmon ihop, get you game together!I came to IHOP to reminisce some of the good times ahead of the child was looking for an international Pancake such as the Swedish crepes but unfortunately I was disappointed and realize they had none of the International crepes on the menu anymore. I guess that's why they went to IHOP instead of its original name International House of Pancakes. So I had a basic breakfast scrambled eggs pancakes with maple syrup and bacon. Definitely let's cook fine and the service was helpful but again I read it at 2 because of the lack of variety and what set them apart from other Pancake House is in the past.FYI about yelp check-ins at IHOP. I checked in for breakfast today. I ordered my usual, egg white veggie omelette. If you check in on yelp & order an omelette, you can't redeem the free order of hash browns unless it's printed out!!!! Why bother??? :/My mom and I had dinner here and were a bit disappointed.  It was a Sunday and their new cook who works Sunday cannot had a large load of food tickets.  We probably waited an hour for our food.  Unacceptable!  I guess this has been a regular occurrence with this new cook.  The manager ended up calling in the general manager to help out.  The waiter did tell us about the slow cook but an hour wait is not right.The food was tasty though once we finally got it.  I had the short stack of buttermilk pancakes.  They were hot and nicely flavored.  My mom had the egg sandwich which she said was good.  I did have hot tea and the waiter never asked if I wanted more hot water.  So this was definitely a miss this time around.It's been years since I had breakfast at IHOP.  After my visit, I remembered why.  While the food presentation was slightly better than the last time, my food was cold.  Usually that means a server is talking with another employee.  Food does not get cold instantly from the grill.  Our waitress had to be told things 2, and 3 times!  We needed someone who would listen attentively.  It will be years before I step foot in any IHOP again.  At least it's not as bad as the one on Eastern AvenueThis place is high price! There syrup is not even real,

Sooo...I guess Dr. Bischoff only cares about you if you are rich enough to afford whatever treatment he deigns  to do regardless of what you really need and can afford done. My poor husband was sent away, still in pain and now feeling horrible because we don't have the money or time to have this large procedure done...all because he is my primary and only care giver and terrible me had to get Cancer and spend most of our money coming to the Cancer Institute of America in order to try and save my life. Sounds a bit chilly for such a "caring individual".....although they did send a "happy birthday" email to him on his birthday (yeah, not much to celebrate with aching teeth and a dying wife). Nice marketing strategy...

- the pool is literally crumbling- maintenance staff uses pool as a shortcut across the grounds

I took my husky here for the first time to get deshedded. When I picked him up, he looked good and he was bathed well. I took him home and noticed he was still shedding just as bad as before. I called a manager and complained and he said to bring him back to get re-brushed and told me I would get a refund. I took my dog back the next day and the same girl who bathed him, brushed him again and did a better job but was snotty about it. I told them thank you and left without even getting my refund back! Its been a week later and he is still shedding as bad! Never had this experience with Petco grooming. They always do an excellent job and my dog stays deshedded for almost 3 months! Never will I go back to Petsmart grooming. I am completely disappointed and I recommend anyone wanting their dog to be deshedded to go to Petco.We had to do the $1.99 shrimp deal.  For our tastes, it was fairly marginal, but for that price, it was ok.  I had to have at least two servings even though the shrimp seemed to be out of a box of pre-prepared & fairly small shrimp.The customer service didnt live up to the reviews I read on here.  They just waived me off and didnt really help me at all.I found Golden Spoon last summer, and for a while, my husband and I were hooked.  We went there every Tuesday for double stamp day.  The staff was friendly and the place was always really clean.  However, I've noticed that they have had a few changes in staff, and every time we go, it seems that the cleanliness and friendliness of the place is getting worse.  The bathroom looks like a truck stop bathroom, and the floors in the place are always filthy.  The new staff members seem to hate being there, and are sometimes very rude.  On the plus side, the fro-yo still tastes good.  Maybe they're under new management or something, but I think I'll be trying the one in the Promenade from now on in hopes that the place is a little cleaner.Their yogurt is good, but personally I'd recommend yogurtology or mojo better, for the flavor and especially because I really like the self-service system.I was going to give this place 3 stars. But then I hovered over 2 and saw "Meh. I've experienced better." I feel like that statement is a better reflection so I'm going to leave it there.I've seen a bunch of coupons and ads for this place but always ignored them because Yogurtland or Yogurtini are my two choices for fro yo. I overheard some coworkers talking about Golden Spoon and decided to try it out. I also had a bogo free coupon on my kitchen table so I thought, why the heck not?My boyfriend and I went on a weeknight. I was disappointed that it wasn't self serve. I love self serve places and think it's a smart business move. For the consumer, you get exactly what you want and it's a better value. I decided to get the graham cracker and chocolate peanut butter flavor while he opted for the coffee one. It's like a dollar for each additional topping (a huge rip off). I got the praline pecans, which I have to admit, was really good and made it for me. The flavor of the fro yo itself was just ok. I could taste hints of peanut butter but I have no idea what the graham cracker one tasted like. The coffee one was pretty good though, not too sweet, not too bitter. We got the regular sizes since that's what the coupon said. The size was too big for the two of us though. We both had leftovers. There were a few other people that came in and I noticed that they all got the minis. I probably would have gotten that size too if it wasn't for the coup.I probably wont be back because it's too expensive, their flavor and topping options are just okay, and it's not self serve. Oh well, at least I know now.I wanted to like this place and have it become my sweets destination with my co-workers. However the last time we went in one coworker and I grabbed cups and started making our yogurt using the self service machines. The other two coworkers within asked for a sample and were in the fence about ordering. When they decided not to buy the owner confronted them and chastised them "uh hello? You're leaving? Ask for a sample and leave, I'm trying to run a business here!" This all happened as we were at the register and was awkward and inappropriate. The yogurt is pretty standard just like all the other places in town.Two stars are due to the horribly dirty shop they keep here. We went with a group around 8pm, store open until 10. The mirror was dirty with old yogurt, floors a mess, the guy was already hosing out two of the units so TWO flavors not available. Water going everywhere, cleaning it with a seemed to be VERY dirty brush in front of customers. GROSS!  Countertops and tables sticky. Ugh..They do have great quality yogurt but this last visit grossed us out on how dirty everything was. All the other posts are correct about this location. The owner needs to wake up to these complaints!I was very unimpressed.  I went in looking for a delicious fusion of fruity, sweet and tasty frozen yogurt only to be disappointed with bland and unflavored frozen yogurt.  The selection of flavors to choose from were few and there was nothing special about the flavor choices.  I decided to go with the tart mango and the vanilla.  Both were bland.  I think the best tasting part of my entire experience was probably the white chocolate chips I chose as a topping.The service was nice and the place seemed clean.  With all the options in the valley to choose from when it comes to frozen yogurt that has a wide selection of fun fruity and delicious flavors, I see no reason to come here again.I was severely let down by Cathouse. I was a fan of the chef, having seen him on TV a couple times and always thinking his food looked good. I also thought the concept was great. By reading the marketing material I thought there would be lingerie models somewhere inside...notsomuch.  They say the waitresses model the restaurant's own line of lingerie. All the waitresses were wearing jackets with short skirts, I'm not sure where the lingerie comes in. Now sure our waitress was absolutely gorgeous, but it wasn't exactly modeling.There were two cubbys behind glass where girls would sit, one was empty, one was occupied for part of our visit. She just sat there in lingerie like a statue, which was alright, but if that was supposed to be the "modeling" well, bait and switch I say.I had the misfortune of sitting on a speaker. This is just dumb design, something I do not expect from a nicer restaurant. Do not put a low quality speaking turned up on high right under a customer's seat. If the speaker housing rattles it is too cheap a speaker or the music is too loud or it is improperly installed. In anycase, minus 2 stars for having a vibrating bottom the entire night. The food was mediocre. I regret to say I was not that hungry at the time, so I did not get to try as much as I would I preferred. The bread served was overly salty. I ended up an organic chicken dish (split with my wife), grilled as I recall. Anyways, it was simply doused in black pepper. I can get doused in black pepper at dennys ya know. Dousing in black pepper is the hallmark of an amateur chef, whats going on Kerry Simon?Service was okay, about the same as an Olive Garden, not equivalent to service received at higher end restaurants in Vegas on the same trip. I would not go again, not without them including actual modeling and or fixing the speakers. I would have ordered something different had I been hungry. So many nice restaurants in Vegas though, it is hard to recommend this one.I have yet to even go here for one simple reason. They are some of the most difficult people to get a reservation arranged for a group. I was calling for about a month before the date & they never returned calls or e-mails. Once I finally got a hold of the "event planner", Ashley, she said she would send me information & menus to pick out. After 3-4 days without an e-mail they finally return my calls & still no email. I eventually booked somewhere else. Their loss. A golden birthday was planned & they lost out.I might still give this place a try one day, but just be patient when trying to get reservations for groups.The ambience was perfect but the food was so average as was our waitress who was trying to be cute but seemed completely out of her element and not helpful at all.  I love Kerry Simon and again, the theme is so beautifully done but I do not think it was worth the money or the time.  Total bummer.My girlfriend and I recently went to the Cathouse for dinner.  It was ok. We made reservations the day before and were told that the dress code was business casual and that no shorts or open shoes were allowed.  When we went to dinner the next night we were both dressed appropriately.  We were sat at a nice table, but it put both of our backs to the woman dressing behind the glass thing, which is kind of the centerpiece of the room.  Neither of us cared for the 'show' being behind us.  Looking over your shoulder gets old quick.  The food was good but the portions were small and both of us were hungry about a 1/2 hr after we left.  We went with the 'regular tap H20' over the fancy H20 that you have to pay for.  While we were eating, approximately 6-10 guys came in that looked like they just got out of the pool. They were wearing tank tops, shorts, and mandels.  What the hell happened to business casual?  They got sat so they could see the girl behind the glass.  WTF?  We finished with desert, which was very good.  When we left we asked the hostess what the deal was with the guys and the non business causual dress and she told us that since business was bad that they were forced to lift the dress code.  We were thanked for dressing appropriately and she said that once the economy gets better that the dress code will be more strictly enforced.  ??????Overall we had a nice dinner.  The Cathouse wasn't what we thought it was going to be though.  Neither of us would go back .  We'd rather try something else.I really like the inside of Cathouse! However, after coming from LAX this place was lacking in everything! They offered free admission and I saw why. Barely anyone was in there and my boyfriend and I ordered 2 long islands from a bartender that looked like he knew what he was doing. Let me say, that bartender made the worst tasting long islands i've ever tasted! I didn't finish the drink and we didn't stay there longer than 20 mins. I hope the next time I visit the place will be more inviting..don't bother!I don't even remember why we decided to come to this place. the crowd was horrible. the guys totally look like they were from the midwest, the girls were wearing grandma stockings.for drinks, stick with beer because the fruity drinks are just plain fruity with no alcohol!the only thing that kept me here was the music because the dj was decent. i wouldn't waste my money and time here, but if you get those free admission tickets and want to kill time, then go for it!We were lured in by some gentleman promoting this place. He got us in for free and we didnt have to wait in line so why not. When we got in, the decoration was great and the lounge area welcoming. We set foot in the dance room and it was all bad. Seriously, it smelled really bad that I had to run out of there in fear of throwing up. I didnt end up tossing my cookies BUT clearly the cigarette, marijuana, throw up smell that overtook the dance floor that night was extra ripe. Gross.Let me start by saying that we did not eat here, we went to dance. We got to the club around 11pm on a Saturday night, the line was long and the cover was pretty reasonable. Our friends had a VIP booth so we got the hook up and had a good time, but it had nothing to do with the club itself. If you're okay with paying $15 for a well drink and you want to hear song clips (cut shorter than I've ever even heard in strip clubs), then this is the place to go!I'm not really sure why a DJ was even at the club, since the songs had already begun to be repeated within an hour. This place got old, really fast. And watch out, the dance floor has chairs and tables scattered about in the most random places, making it not so ideal for dancing. People are constantly tripping and spilling there drinks trying to avoid the obstacles. All in all, we made the best of it and had a good time, but I'll never be back here again. There are MUCH better clubs to check out in Vegas.Went for dinner and didn't stick around for the club scene.  The food was nothing special and very over priced.  You go to Vegas and expect to be charged higher than most places, but you also expect a higher quality product.  This place did not deliver.I will say the setup and atmosphere were pleasant, but that's where the compliments stop!I went to the Cathouse before heading to LAX and must I say that this place falls insubstantial compared to the night clubs I've been to in Kansas! The theme was sultry and sexy with waitresses decked in fancy lingerie, the hallways were filled with antique portraits which gave off a Halloween-ish ambience. The best part of this place was getting in with no cover charge, I don't know if it was because we got in with a group of us girls or because it was after midnight. The music was okay, nothing I could really groove to. I had a vodka pineapple the cup size you get for free coffee at the doctor's office for $10. I was wondering why they'd charge so much but I remember the bartender using Absolut vodka in my drink...without my request. I wasn't sure if their automatic use of premium liquour was a Vegas thing, or a more exclusive thing...however, I paid $10 for a drink that didn't give me a buzz, so I wasn't very pleased, although pricing in that range is expected in Vegas! The setting was awkward, there was really no escape from creeps, which there were a few of! When I walk into a club, I usually like to scope the place out by walking around...it was hard to do with chairs and tables crowding an already small dancefloor area. All in all, the place is worth checking out for FREE..I wouldn't pay whatever their cover is to get in. Good thing, because I didn't stay for more than 20 minutes.Not very happening. Our VIP hostess was nice, and Laura, the Hookah girl is off the hook. This is the place where hoodrats go when they get old. I had fun dancing with that one girl... AND HER MOM.wow must i say dat we went saturday night maybe cuz its october it was dead but never again..........Like most casino clubs, walk around looking good and someone will come up to you and ask you to fill their establishments.  We got suckered into this place after watching Criss Angel, see my Yelp! review on that.  A nice gentleman in a black suit approached us and asked if we'd check out the club.  He skipped us past the lines and velvet ropes, no clue if there was an entrance fee, and just moseyed on up the spiral staircase (take the elevator to the second floor, if you're lazy).Once atop, you are greeted by what I call a Cleopatra-esque chase.  It's got a spotlight on it and just screams "Come!  Take a cheesey Vegas club picture on me."  Afterwhich, there are two rooms with a long bar in each.  You have to go through the first room to enter the second.  The earlier of which is slightly more subdue and... well, empty.  The second room holds the louder crowd with it's stages for bolder females to dance on and blaring Top 40 pop remixes and "oldie-but-goodie" club mixes, which if you stay long enough, you'd hear several songs repeated.We found, what we thought was a little gem to this place.  There was a photobooth in an almost hidden niche. .. but, seriously, $10?!  One of my companions  just pulled out their camera and started shooting, did some photo editing when we got home, and wa-lah! our own version (in the same booth, I might add... LOL!)Anyhow, the fact that we didn't pay for anything (to queue or entrance) was somewhat redeeming.  Otherwise, I'd say that I'd go elsewhere for the true Vegas club life experience.Attire: Semi-CasualEw, this place was so ghetto.

I give this 2 stars because it's nothing special, it's not scary and the first two seconds will be the fun part then the rest is blah.It looks cool, seems high,  but pass this opportunity if you're thinking about it.Well, it's up to you.Not a fan of the menu. The meal was just not great at all especially for the prices. Doubt I will go back when there are so many other awesome places like:

What?! I wrote in the total on the receipt, $21.She charged me $7 for gratuity. On a $19 tab?

Miso soup

minute lunch break,  have been waiting 1hr for their food, at least offer them some chips and water!The food was a bit overpriced for the taste of it. I'd rather take fuzzys over on mill and probably pay the same price if not less for better food.I enjoyed their kale burrito but the service absolutely sucked. I have consistently read that this place is mediocre and that's how I would describe my experience. I came in during the middle of the afternoon when it was empty and the cashier seemed annoyed when I asked about vegetarian options. Clearly, business is going well for this place.I really enjoy drinking a prepared clamato but the prices at this place are outrageous. They are super expensive and not worth it in my opinion. They add 3/4 ice and 1/4 clamato so you mainly pay for excess ice. Additionally if you want to add anything extra like, tamarind, shrimp, meat, cucumber, etc,. you have to pay extra so at the end of the night you could be paying $15 dollars for a drink that is composed mainly of ice and a few extras (small quantaties). I rather buy the stuff and make at home since I would probably get more for my money. I also paid with my debit card and they charged me an extra $2.50 for my card transaction, which is a super high charge. Wont be going back after this experience.If you want to pay with debit or credit be aware would be an extra 2.50 cents extra for service fee. If you own a business nowadays you have to be able to take debit credit since thats part of everyday payment methods. 2.50 for just swiping my card not worth it.Went to the ER for ongoing medical issues that have been progressively getting worse. I was quick to get a room in the ER but that's only going to count for one of the stars that this place gets.The other star is for the nurses. They seemed to be nice and genuinely cared.The doctor I saw was very rude and extremely abrasive. Raising his tone with me to ask me why I was there and made sure to also mention that if I wasn't dying, he's not quite sure why I would even come to the ER. Then he proceeded to tell me that since I was not dying I should probably be seeing my regular doctor. The fact of the matter was that I had already seen my regular doctor who hasn't been able to figure out what was wrong and my symptoms were worsening and I was in a lot of pain. Upon hearing that my primary care doctor hasn't been able to figure out what is going on with me, the ER doctor says "ok and what do you expect from me then? All I'm going to do for you here is give you something for the pain and send you home."

I ordered the green beans and they were tasteless and cold.

what you want me to make it right - next

Cons: overpriced drinks, straight bartenders/go go dancers (with their girlfriends standing right next to them) not convenient location, couldnt get a cab back for 15 minsIf you want to leave Vegas feeling cheap and ripped-off at the same time, you should come to this nightclub.  I spent one weekend with some friends in Vegas for my birthday and we decided to come here one night.  I was warned that there will be some strippers that will almost force you to buy a lap dance from them.  Sure enough, about 15 minutes in, a couple of half naked dancers dragged us up to the second floor so that they can give us a "tour" of the place.  Well apparently they run a pretty tiny club since we went directly to a small room that's only closed off by a see through curtain.  Everything then happened so fast.  My friends paid, left and within minutes I got a half naked Cuban dancer dancing on top of me asking me if I would tip well if he were to show me his pee pee.  I didn't say anything and in 15 minutes it was over... much like a Grindr hookup.  The biggest difference though is that a Grindr hookup wouldn't cost $100 like the lap dance did.  Leaving the barely private room though did feel like a walk of shame so in that sense it did feel kind of a like a hookup.  Luckily I was able to join my friends downstairs for some drinks and dancing so the night didn't end that badly.  When I got back to LA I told the story to some of my straight friends and they said that a lap dance would cost 3X as much at a straight club so I was actually getting a bargain!  Oh you poor straight people....So I went here once because of course I was tagging along with friends.They said it was the new happening place and it was free. Of course with all things free and new, there is a reason for it.   The inside is not that bad, definitely has the lounge vibe but was not my thing. And drinks the bartenders served were pretty weak, I think have had better.When I was in Vegas, I decided to hit up this spot with my friend -- only because Krave was so far from us, and this place was closer.Upon arrival, we got in free-- maybe the time? Who knows! But haaaay, free entrance fee right? Well, it turns out that there was not a lot of people there. The music was pretty on point with Top 40 hits, the crowd was mostly locals-- and that's all I could remember. On top of that, the location of this place is sketch[dot]org-- aka off from the strip.Being a tourist, I really expected better. I came out all sorts of fresh, with dress shirt, bowtie, and all-- while locals just roll on in with jeans and a t-shirt. I thought it was some fancy Vegas club, but I guess not. On top of that, we were there for two-ish hours hoping it'd pick up some more people, but we decided to bounce ~1AM.On the brighter note, there was an AMAZING drag show-- it was like front row seats to RuPaul's Drag Race LipSync for your life edition.Overall, I can see this place growing-- if more gays came out that night. The dance floor was huge, the drinks were strong, and the music was pretty dope! If I was to come next time, it better be like Tiger Heat LA crowded.Turn Ons:

Service was good though so that's why they get 2 starsIf it wasn't for one of the awesome waiters we had I would give this place a half star. I came here with some friends based on a recommendation from a friend. Atmosphere: Just a regular restaurant in the middle of a casino nothing much. Service: Our large party was served by two servers. One whom was an excellent man and kept our water food and made sure everything ran smoothly. Another was a lady who couldn't even put on a normal facial expression, and took her sweet time doing her work. Food: I ordered the luck 777 deal which was 7.77. Decent price for vegas food. Comes with a steak, hash browns, grilled shrimp and salad. Warning, when the chef cooks your food your Rare will end up well done, so how you order your meat cooked add on another two levels to that. You can imagine our faces when we saw the food of some of our friends that ordered well done, more like well burnt. I even decided to give it a second chance for a rare steak, nope well done yet again. I didn't even want to waste another 7.77 to eat another steak so I cancelled the order. Overall: Do not go here, not worth the 7.77 no matter how cheap that is. I would rather shell out the extra money to get decent quality food at McDonalds.I have literally been going to Mr Lucky's 24/7 for years.. often times being served by the same severs that have been there for years.  It was an easy way to have some good grub anytime of day, though usually i am there late night or very early morning.. How things have changed as of late at Mr Lucky's. With recent renovations, comes menu and staff changes. The Service from newer staff has been far less than stellar..  i mean it's a diner... not really hard to do a great job.  I actually had one female server roll her eyes at me when I asked for water. lol.. too funny. The food.. man.. i often stick toburgers, nachos and breakfast.. but recently had chicken fingers.. and they don't even taste like real chicken anymore. Once breaded nicely and fried up golden, nor flat-frozen, unworthy of COSTCO shelves. All in all there there are new and much better choices at the same price point. I'd say save Mr. Lucky's for breakfast or a last resort.The only reason why I'm giving such a low rating is because they have taken prime rib off their menu!!!! It had been a long time that my husband and I had gone to Mr. Lucky's but we were recently in Vegas and craving their prime rib. When we sat down we didn't even look at the menu as we just wanted the same delicious prime rib that we always get there. Needless to say we were heart broken when our waiter told us that they don't offer it anymore. We ended up leaving and going to a different restaurant :(Being a born & raised Vegas girl I appreciate the 24-7 spots that cater to locals. In fact, I've dined here at least 3 times previously and enjoyed it. But as such places like Firefly, and Joes Crab shack, this place has just FELL OFF!  First, I ordered a Luckys Bloody Mary because it was served with a celery stick, a slim Jim, and belvedere Bloody Mary flavored vodka. Well I do not believe I was served even one of the 3, they simply got a house Bloody Mary from the closest bar. We ordered (between the party of 3) a chicken fingers appetizer, 2 locals $7.77 specials, and a half&half sandwich. (Half pastrami half corned beef) Now let me first say, I don't expect much when I order a $7 steak. Other than it to be cooked, medium, how I ordered it. Instead of bloody and barely warm. My shrimp- undercooked and fishy. The only good thing on the table was the pastrami which is why this review has 2 stars instead of 1. Did I mention our food and apps all came out at the same time? Before the people who were next to us and ordered before we arrived. I could see their flames of anger as we were served. Also, the service was just eh. Not horrible but by NO means good. Bottom line, this place knows the tourist keep em alive, so what's the point in good food and service?! It's officially off my list of late night dining options!Being totally Real here:  the food at Mr. Lucky's is insanely average.  I would at least give it an "A-OK" 3 stars for that but geez it runs high in price for the level of average you taste.I had their feta cheese burger with their spicy fries and the fries came out cold.  These are just frozen shoestring bag type fries where they dump Tabasco sauce and spicy mayo on top.  Even with the replacement batch there were only a few that were edible.  My friend ordered the Hard Rock Breakfast which was your typical breakfast stuff like bacon, eggs and hash browns--at a cost of $15.  It too was really forgettable and overpriced.The only good thing going for Mr. Lucky's is the fact that it is open 24/7, a handy thing when you are spending time at a type of casino like The Hard Rock.Alecia was our server and she was great. We suggest skipping the guacamole as they no longer make it fresh, comes from a bag and tastes like chemicals. Hamburger was ordered medium-well and arrived just about rare. Alecia did all she could to make it right. I guess the kitchen was having an off night.I want to preface this by saying that I have been coming here since 2005, since my college days of clubbing or bar hopping with the girls in Vegas.  Heck, we even came here last year when I attended one of my good friend's bachelorette party in Vegas.  I always order their $7.77 special.Thus, I am taken aback by our most recent trip here in January of this year. I came with my fiance, and my family. I wanted to show them what I knew about cheap eats in Vegas. It was their first time there, and Honestly I left feeling empty and disappointed. First of all, they wouldn't let us sit at the table that we wanted to (due to special restrictions), and second of all, they took almost 15 minutes to get to us. The first time, the manager came by to tell us, "I don't know who will be serving you."  Finally, after 15 mins, the same annoying manager comes over and tells us that "she'll be the one serving us." She asked me what we wanted. I said six waters to start and six orders of the $7.77 special. She made the most disgusted look (of disdain/or did she just smell some stinky fish?), and proceeded to give me attitude for ordering this many specials.Come on WOMAN, you really think I'll come here for your other dishes? They're annoyingly overpriced and no I would never step foot into Hard Rock had it not been this special - theres absolutely NOTHING special about the Hard Rock or the ambience. Just a bunch of Bros/and white trash walking around, and at this point I can vouch for you that the manager is no different from the said demographic. Sorry to state the truth. Can't handle it? Well, too bad.Anyway- so she gives us this major attitude and stomps off. Who knows, she may have even spit in my water, but I thoroughly examined it to see if there were floating loogies (sp?) and low and behold, NONE! Ok anyway, so after the food comes out/and we're eating, she basically asks us in the most "fake" tone...how is the food going? But was really short on us.Honestly I just wanted her to go away. Her attitude was UNCALLED for and unprofessional. She made my family (who-for them it was their first time) feel uncomfortable. It also showed that she judged us for ordering this meal just because it was cheap. So what? It doesn't matter how much our meal is, $5 or $500, we should still be treated nice and like human beings. That's what Tip is for.  And that, my friend, is why we only tipped $.25 cents. Hahha.....bwahhaa I hope she realizes her downfalls. Bitch!Had the "Gambler's Special" $7.77 steak and shrimp skewer with mashed potatoes and house or caesar salad three times cause our group was doing Vegas on a budget. No player's club card required.For $7.77, the mash potatoes were delicious. Everything else was lack luster. Salad was salad. Shrimp skewer had three large shrimps that were a little heavy on the salt. The steak was never cooked right. I ordered medium rare every time and received medium, medium well, and well done instead. Since I could never track down our server and we had such a big group, I didn't waste my time trying to get them to correct it. It can seem like a long wait since there's always people here, but the lines move quick. The servers are very good at refilling waters and running off as soon as possible before you can ask them for anything. No longer doing the $9.99 AYCE prime rib. Sad face.One star for the price. Another star for the convenience of it being available 24 hours. Oh, and the awesome mashed potatoes.6/8/12.  Poor menu selection.  Menus falling apart. Tired looking place.  Undergoing renovation, too bad menu wasn't.  Sides served in plastic cups ala Costco. Very pricy for the quality.Wow, this place went downhill after the HR wa sold. How can you ruin breakfast? I dunno, but you should ask these people. Gross.While I was staying at the HRH Tower, I won a meal voucher at Mr. Lucky's 24-7.We weren't really planning on using it, but on the last day, we decided to check out their breakfast menu since it seemed like the most convenient option at the time - we had very little time left before we needed to leave for SoCal. Since I was attempting to cut my calories and focus on consuming more protein-heavy meals, I ordered the  "Gambler's Special," which included a bowl of salad, an 8oz sirloin steak, three jumbo shrimp, and garlic mashed potatoes for $7.77. For the size of the steak I got and the jumbo shrimp, $7.77 is definitely a steal.Did it taste good? Was it quality food? I don't know. It was definitely a little on the oily side, but I did appreciate that the shrimp was not overcooked. As far as the steak is concerned, It seemed like your regular USDA Select cut of meat, and was a little on the tough side.Overall.. my expectations were very low, and appropriately so.Extremely disappointing.A group of 6 of us had gone on a Friday morning for breakfast. It took at least 10 minutes for them to even get waters out to our table, even longer for our actual beverages, and waiting for the food was a nightmare.We waited roughly an hour for our food to even make an appearance; what appears to be the manager comes out with two of our dishes with no mention of an apology for the food being so late. About 10-15 minutes later, the rest of our food arrives, one meal of which was done incorrectly so we had to send it back. They were transitioning from breakfast to lunch and we saw people getting their lunch food during that hour we were waiting for our food, so it was extremely frustrating to see that.The waiter, very nonchalantly and awkwardly, mentioned that our food took so long because sports were on tv. Not an apology, not an excuse. It's March Madness in fucking Vegas. Put more people on staff. Thanks.The only reason I am giving this place an extra star is because it was actually a pretty tasty breakfast. Would I go here again, though? Absolutely not.Been going to Mr. Lucky's for years.  Had the gamblers special.  The shrimp, salad, and potatos were very good.  The quality of the steak has gone downhill.  Disappointed.Its the Hard Rock Hotel cafe.  You eat here because its convenient.  They charge in accordance of that.Dear worst waiter in the World,When a customer tells you that their side order of bacon is horrible ( by horrible I mean who In The heck likes stewed bacon)....there are a few things you can do....1. Offer to bring me cooked bacon

 We are the shakes as we drive away. 20 minutes down the road we discover the sandwich has no cheese, and one if the tacos was burnt beyond pretending it was edible.

-atmosphere

cuts of french fries with melted cheese on top on a little tiny plate. Super disappointed on that. Don't expect guac, salsa, nothing..I mean why the heck even call them nachos????.The only impressive thing about the menu was the lack of good food.Beer selection is pretty decent but the size / price relation is a little off.  Also some beers were only bottled and not even the rare ones. Prices were accesible Service... we had to hunt for our server a couple of times. 15 minutes to get our check, refills were slow , however when she was there she was very personable . Not sure if they are understaffed or what .So in conclusion if you want the vegas version of a brit pub where everything feels fabricated and fake, then you will enjoy it,Dont get me wrong; It is a nice spot that can def deliver some good times but if you are in the search for good euro food ,service,ambiance  and an awesome variety of beer , then Ill recommend to look around for another place.May the soccer, good beer and raging fish and chips  gods be with you

Anyway, for the price, it is awesome if one is careful of what one chooses.  I will go back again, but will eat selectively.Also, I suggest going on busier days since the food, in theory, will be more fresh.  You might have to wait for a seat, but at least you won't be waiting for the toilet at home.  Otherwise, if you only have one bathroom in your place of residence and multiple people are eating there, you might consider sitting on laps;  if you stack up, you can all have diarrhea at the same time.This place used to be so good I have no idea what happened to them. There are never enough waiters or waitresses. The sushi rolls no longer resemble rolls. I am not racist in anyway shape or form but someone who is skilled in the art of making a sushi roll is of that culture and not of another culture and race entirely. I'm not sure how someone whom I heard tell a guest "they taught me here since I'm Guatemalan and didn't know anything about Sushi" is able to pass off as skilled.This place is okay its not great but its not bad. The pros about this place is that the sushi comes on a conveyor belt, but not a big selection. It is really cheap for what you get, so if you are looking for a cheap place, most definitely go here. Otherwise there are better sushi places than this .I have ordered carry-out from here twice now (I only live about 5 minutes away). I was referred to this place by a couple different people and was told it was amazing (although they haven't been here in a while). The first time I ordered about 6 different items and was amazed when my total price came out to about $11. The place was also crowded with a fairly long wait so I assumed the rolls would be coming out fresh.  When I got home my experience quickly changed...I ate a California roll and it tasted fine, not great but not bad, a piece of salmon sushi which was also fine.  I then tried the spicy tuna and it was disgusting!  So fishy that the spices couldn't cover up that taste.  Followed by the tuna nigiri which was also extremely fishy.  Sadly I couldn't even finish half of my order because it contained tuna or spicy tuna.I decided to try and give it another shot since it was so cheap and just to avoid the tuna altogether. I again ordered about 6 items coming to around $11; when I placed my order I was told they may not have the spicy salmon and asked if it would be fine to replace it with spicy tuna, I quickly said no and provided another possible substitution.  I ordered salmon skin so it took a while (as expected) but I ended up waiting for the spicy salmon at the end; I was advised that "they were able to find some" which alone made me extremely nervous.  I finally get my food and head home hoping that this experience would be different than the last. It wasn't. The spicy salmon now tasted fishy and the rice tasted hard and stale. The California roll was so covered in mayo that it wasn't enjoyable, the salmon skin was extremely salty, and the salmon nigiri was slightly fishy.  I do have to say that the staff was very nice and helpful both times I was there which was quite unexpected based on the other reviews.It would have been great to find sushi for such a low price but there is a reason the great sushi places are much more expensive. I have had a lot of sushi from a lot of different places and I will not return here again, I also would not recommend this place to anyone. I would rather spend twice as much and go to a place like Sushi Eye where I know the fish will taste fresh and delicious.Epitome of mediocre. Environment is fun and friendly and the staff is happy and welcoming, but all that aside the food leaves much to be desired. Its fair to mention that everything is no more than two dollars but still doubling the price and quality would not offend anyone I assure you. They offer such wide selections as crab, avocado and rice, rice crab and avocado as well as avocado rice and crab. Overall a neat idea but doesnt make this place a destination, simply a place to get cheap imitation fish.I wish you could rate food and service separately!  The food is a great value. But the servers are so lazy the only way you could get worse service is to have a 4 year old child who doesn't speak your language try and help you.  My granddaughters love this food.  I would be here more often if they could figure out how to wait on their customers.Please comment and follow me for more reviews! I would love to have you!This place has me at a meh! Its not the best and its not the worst! Best part is its cheap, if your looking for bang for your buck this is definitely the place, dont expect quality though! Its very cool to be able to eat sushi cheap and try a ton of different kinds of rolls, but when you have had good sushi its hard to go to this lower quality taste. Yes its awesome, the sushi is on a conveyor belt, tons of different rolls to choose from and you can actually see it and pick it up and try it. Yet the taste, just room temperature, bland and squishy. I do think this is a great way to start out trying sushi for the first time! It was frustrating that most of the signs were old/rubbed off so you couldn't see what they said to figure out if you wanted to try the roll or not, or remember it for the future at different places. The staff working this day didn't speak a lick of English, which can be super frustrating when you are just asking for a water and you cant explain that any different. They had pudding and cheese cake on the belt for dessert which I found funny, but I tried it and its basically a piece from a store bought cheese cake. Funny part, since no one spoke English I couldn't get a fork, also they were really bad at paying attention to customers who needed things. They kept disappearing, very bad customer service. so anyway, I had to eat my cheese cake with my fingers! Try eating cheese cake with chop sticks..... doesn't work, fingers thanks for the help! LOL! After almost finishing my piece of cheese cake she saw me eating with my hands so she brought over a fork! A little late, I was done shoveling it in my mouth haha. If you want cheap Saki Bombers and Sushi, come here for sure, good deals! Looking for a cheap date, this is your place. Still an overall meh with me! I like more quality in my food!I'm personally not a fan of MOST conveyor belt sushi places, the reason why? The quality is not good.These conveyor places put out a lot of product all at once, so naturally they aren't going to use the top-shelf stuff...it's cheap, basic, dry, whatever fish and rice. The Tempura here is junk, it's all breading and no meat or vegetables, by far the worst tempura I've had in a long time. I can usually polish off a tempura plate even if it's average, but I gave up after 2 or 3 pieces, no thank you. The sashimi pieces are dry and room temperature..not even slightly chilled, and that really ruins it. Sashimi is supposed to be served fresh and COLD not 70 degrees and dry.The service was slow and it took forever to get a first water, refills took a while too, and when we were seated we got no menus, it was pretty much a "sit here, shut up, eat, leave" routine. You can tell the staff never learned any hospitality skills. The overall setting is odd, there is the main half of the restaurant where everyone will be surrounding a conveyer, but the other half of the dining room is empty and bare. There is also a huge wait, at least 20-30 people were sitting there waiting for a spot to open up...yet there's a whole other side of the restaurant with an empty conveyor being unused...why not open it up? I don't get it.Average, meh, whatever fish and rice, and terrible tempura that's really all there is to it. The one plus is that it's cheap for 1 or 2 people to grab a quick bite, other than that it's not worth remembering or going back. It's MEH at best. A week or so after eating here I read yelp reviews and saw how many health violations this place had, I felt lucky nothing got me and my party sick! Won't be returning. Go down to the street to RA or something.Used to be a decent place, unfortunately it's gone down hill a lot. The one thing that I cannot understand is that they have TWO conveyer belts, but they only ever open one of them, so you're guaranteed to be waiting at least 30 min every time you come here. To me, it's not worth the wait. It's cheap sushi sure, but you get what you pay for, find another cheap sushi place for less of a wait. I don't recommend this place to anyone anymore.2 stars for being treated rudely by the server. if for the sushi...i would say it's cheap and they do offer a variety of sushi. they have appetizers and desserts at the revolving table. it can get busy and crowded on weekends so i suggest to get there early.So I have only been here once and it was my first time at a conveyor belt sushi restaurant. I have eaten at a lot of different sushi restaurants around the valley and I must say I was not very impressed. The prices are great, the staff are super friendly and nice, but the sushi was blah. I went with a few friends and we all really love sushi but this place just did not impress. It was a cool experience and I might try and find another conveyor style place to check out but I wont be going back to Teharu.Wait is way too long. They have half of the restaurant which I rarely see them open up. Food is OK.The spicy tuna made me sick. Some of the revolving food is clearly old. I would recommend ordering fresh rolls. Overall, not really worth it.I absolutely love seeing a restaurant get better over the years, so you can imagine my disappointment in seeing one of my old faves gradually decline in quality.Teharu may have been my very first sushi experience in the Greater Phoenix Area and the revolving bar novelty had me hooked immediately. The solid sushi quality and constant mission to make a plate stack reach the high heavens kept me coming back all through high school as a cheaper alternative to places like Mido. I'm talking near weekly visits -- would not be surprised if you could catch my ugly mug multiple times in the pictures of satisfied customers plastered on the walls.During my recent visit to Teharu, I was surprised to find it busy as ever especially after hearing about it kind of drop the ball over the last four years. The revolving resto hype and novelty is definitely still reeling people in. After a solidly long wait to be seated, we grabbed a few passing plates to find that the sushi was indeed on the decline, a few rungs shy of mediocre. Definitely lacking in freshness, which is concerning considering we saw the plates hit the belts not 30 seconds before we nabbed them. We each had maybe 3 plates max before calling it quits and opting for a drive thru burger elsewhere to hold us over.Holding out hope for some inspired culinary comeback story, but til then will probably aim to hit up the spread of other sushi joints in the Valley.I have been coming here for years and it is always horrible customer service (i swear it gets worse every time). Last time some little punk kid with plugs yelled at me for being 5 minutes late for my reservation even though i called ahead of time to let them know.  However.. you end up just allowing it because the price is awesome and so is the sushi.The wait staff is horrible.  They are horrible when you order drinks they are rude when they drop off your check... but ... I'm still coming back for the cheap sushi that so far hasn't made me violently sick.This place used to be so awesome but the last year or so it has steadily gone down hill. It seems as though most of the servers are still here, as well as some of the "cooks." If you ask for anything special like you would at a normal sushi resturant they have a bad attitude. If there is a dish that is supposed to be warm and u ask for a fresh one they grab it off the conveyor belt. The last few times they have produced so much of the food that way it can last for two or three hours... it's sushi and it's supposed to be fresh...Good prices, awful service. Been waiting on our check for 25 minutes now. No refills, not much food out, really don't expect much in the way of service.The food at Waldo's isn't bad.  It's not even close the best BBQ around, but for the cost, it'll work.  My biggest issue with this place is that the service is normally very slow and sometimes really sucks.  We went there last night and it had a few open booths to sit in but there was a 10-15 minute wait to get a seat because they only had one person waiting tables.  I would have had no problem with the wait, but I know from past experience that they seem to run thin on wait staff here and service suffers as a result of that.  The last time we ate there, everyone in our party had food come out at different times (5+ minute spacing between bringing plates out) and drinks sat empty until one of us got up and pulled the waiter aside to ask for refills and the rest of our food.  If you want cheap BBQ and don't mind weak service, this is probably one of the better choices in town.  If you like to drink while you dine and have your waiter/waitress pay attention to you, this isn't the place.I've been to the Mesa location, and had a high opinion before walking through the front door.When I opened the front door, I wanted to be greeted with the smell of smoked meats, so strong it knocks me backwards. In this case, I was greeted with: "I'll be with you in a minute". Kind of a letdown.  Yeah, the great BBQ smell was AWOL.Deciding on the Sampler entree, I received pork, brisket and a hot link.  Ouch, the brisket was dry.  Unfortunately, so was the pulled pork.  Is this Waldo's related to the Mesa Waldo's?  It just might be, because the hot link has good taste, good crispy crackle on the skin. It even has a little heat.Their house BBQ sauce is great, but good BBQ should stand alone, the sauce is meant to compliment.The cowboy beans were like a plain pinto, and didn't have a good smoked flavor. Most other places use the pan drippings and have bits of meat, which add flavor.  Hope you're paying attention to this, owner of this Gilbert Waldo's.  Their spicy fries were good seasoned french fries.Should I have been surprised that their peach cobbler and apple crisp used canned fruit?  The presentation was adorable in tiny skillets. For $0.99, you can get you a little something sweet.Will I be back?  Probably not.  There are too many other places I haven't tried.Gone down in quality and service.   Mashed potatoes are horrible now. The meat was still just as good as ever, but two stars cause they changed the portion size (but same price). Don't know if I went on bad day. I'll give another chance since I'm such a huge fan but this was sad today.I hate giving bad reviews to locally owned businesses... but like Abe Lincoln, I too cannot tell a lie. I love me some BBQ and had high hopes when I found this small shop in my neighborhood. I walked in on a weekday afternoon and there was only one other couple sitting down to eat. No staff were to be found- we had to wait more than just a few minutes to be greeted and sat at a table. After sitting down, it was another few minutes until our drink orders were taken, although after they had arrived, I did enjoy the mason jars full of pop. After about 20 minutes, our food was brought out... mine about 5 minutes before my lunch date, so mine was cold by the time theirs arrived (because I'm polite like that and didn't want to eat before my friend). The food was good, but not awesome enough to make up for the poor service. And, after reading a couple other reviews saying the same thing, I'm willing to bet it wasn't just the one day I was in there. Will I be back? Probably not. I have several other BBQ places in the valley that I have enjoyed the overall experience far more.Coming out of Men's Warehouse I was hungry and was drawn by the smell in the parking lot - looking around I noticed Waldo's BBQ and determined that was the place. I walked in and was promptly seated. I thought the deco was nice and the dining area large. It wasn't very busy at the time, but it was still noisy.  A couple of kids were in the restaurant banging their feet and screaming. I thought someone in the back just stuck the pig. Looking at the menu with the mason jar of sweet tea and a BBQ Baker (which is a baked potato topped with your choice of meat) The waitress brought out two plates with Mexican corn bread and took our order for tea. I thought could it be? Maybe this will finally be good BBQ in Arizona and replace what I lost in Atlanta. My friend ordered the pulled pork sandwich with cole slaw on the side instead of on the sandwich was advertised. I went with the sampler - chicken, pork and beef.  We each chose the horsey potatoes (mashed potatoes with a hint or horseradish) as our side. I also got sweet potato fries with my dish. She asked if we would like an order of onion rings for $2 - and when the rings came out they were excellent. Okay, I am done with the highlights...The sweet tea was descent, but not that sweet - and disappointing to me was the lack of refills. I don't know if they were not available or I was just not offered one, but either way my drink went empty. For the sampler I was envisioning maybe a piece of chicken, a small piece of beef and a small piece of pork. Instead it was a plate of pulled various meet. The BBQ sauce was served separately in a bowl that I had to spoon out and drizzle over the meat. The mashed potatoes were a little runny and did have a hint of horseradish, but were overall non-impressive.  The sweet potato fries appeared to be frozen. Maybe they weren't, but they were thin, had an odd appearance and no flavor at all. If someone blindfolded me and allowed me to eat it I wouldn't know it was sweet potato. The server had limited personality. She tried to talk about the Super Bowl and how last year she worked by herself and it was slow, but that was about it. When she came back and asked if we needed a box, our answer of no appeared to disappoint her as we did have food left.  There were several dishes on the table, which she didn't remove. When she checked up on us and we ordered the warm pecan pie with the side of ice cream, she didn't remove dishes. Only when the dessert came out and she had no room to sit the plate down did she remove dishes - and then it was only enough to make space. The rest remained on the table.  The pie, by the way, was lukewarm at best - not warm enough to even melt the ice cream slightly.  Finally another woman wearing a staff shirt came back and cleared the dishes. As we were finishing I noticed several people coming in - and looking around the place had filled up since we entered. She ran the credit card and brought the receipt back saying you guys better go before I get busy...Don't worry, I will get going. Leaving the restaurant I noticed the sign in the window that said "Sorry, We're Open" ... that makes two of us...The hunt continues for good desert BBQ. This was not it.The one in Mess is great. Not sure what happened to this place. It's about as average as it can get. Pretty bad when Famous Daves has better BBQI took my wife here for lunch today. We both tried the clam chowder, which although pretty tasty,  was thin and the carrots and potato were under cooked. I tried the Alaskan Whitefish and the salt and pepper catfish fillet. Both were tasty, but there was enough oil to puddle on the bottom of my plate. I tried the onion rings and found them to be large and without much flavor.  The problem with the coleslaw is that they chop the cabbage too finely and it turns out more like a mush than a salad. The worst part was, even though the parking lot was almost empty, it took longer waiting in line to pay the bill than it did to eat the meal Would I go back? Yeah...the next time I have an overwhelming desire to listen to my arteries harden  while I ate!This place used to be good but food quality, quantity, and service has really went way down.  Went on a Saturday night and place was mostly empty. I guess others already knew what I just figured out :(So sorry to have to do this but I just had the worst ever experience here. Sunday afternoon, about 15 cars in the lot. Usually i have thoroughly enjoyed this place with absolutely no problems. First, I enter, obviously by myself. The host was squinting like he couldn't see. I told him "party of one, I prefer a booth". He then asked how many in my party. Got a table. There was a booth, It needed to be cleaned, I said that would be OK it could be cleaned while I sat there. No, you sit at table. Server came for drink order. I ordered sweet tea. About ten minutes later came tea with no ice. ?. Another server came by. I said that maybe I should have been more specific, I wanted sweet ICED tea. 5 minutes later it came. No one had taken my order. Finally, at least another ten minutes went by, someone took my order. Five minutes later, another server came to take order. Order arrived about twenty minutes later. Looked like a child's portion. I looked at it and made comment about portion. They gave me another plate of food to make up. Baked potato looked a couple of days old and had the odor of old potato. Brought another that was just as bad. OK, I'll settle for this as the seafood is what I came for. Table next to me received wrong order. You could see impatience dwelling with other patrons. The place was not particularly crowded. Main dining room less than 3/4 full. Other room closed. Had to beg for check. Went to register to pay, as I always do, no cashier. Finally called out for someone to check me out. They chased down a waitress to take my money. I will try again, hoping that this is not a trend for future visits. I like the place but will not tolerate the shoddiness of service that I received, again. Seafood was right on!My fiance and I came to this restaurant last night. I haven't been here in over 5 years (the last time I was here when I was like, 14 and still living with my family). I don't eat seafood (except shrimp), but I did remember they do have other options too. The parking lot was kind of full when we entered, so I guess that was a good thing. We got seated right away, and immediately got our drinks and hushpuppies. I literally couldn't stop eating them. They were so fluffy and good! The best part of the meal we had all night.I ordered the chicken tenders with fries, and my fiance ordered the Captain's Grilled Platter. The food came with decent timing, but the tenders had absolutely no seasoning. So, so disappointing. The fries were nothing special either. I hardly touched them. The coleslaw also tasted like mushed up baby food.The Captain's Grilled Platter comes with a fried crab (we had no idea what it was at first), a baked potato (with the skin soggy and burnt), a piece of flounder, scallops, oysters, shrimp, and coleslaw. He wasn't very hungry and wanted to bring the leftovers home. We noticed that more customers were being seated, and didn't think nothing of it at first. Then, we noticed that our waitress was taking 10-15 minutes at a time getting to us. We first asked for a box, that took almost 20 minutes. And we were so disappointed at that point, we just wanted to pay and get out. Because of the lack of service at the end, we didn't tip much at all. And the food was nothing special, only the hushpuppies were amazing.One more thing to mention: they seriously need to renovate. We sat at a booth, and there was a big gap between the end of the table and the wall. The walls were also green and yellow and looked like they haven't been painted in years. The pictures were so tiny and looked like they belonged in a restroom. And the decor was just... outdated. I'm not sure if we'll be back. Maybe in like 5 or more years if I happen to remember it.Tried Captain Steve's (take out) for the the first time this evening. We ordered three meals: The Fisherman's Platter, Fried Oysters, and Small Shrimp. The portions were generous but the taste was pedestrian at best. The seafood was on par with that of similar places like Captain's Galley and Mayflower, but the baked potatoes were overcooked, the onion rings were limp, and the hush puppies were the worst we have ever had. Not going back.All Captain Steve's are not created equal.  Charlotte looks the same but it most certainly is not.  The hushpuppies were pretty much the same.  They ran out of crabmeat on a Tuesday night so my sister couldn't have stuffed flounder.  She said the flounder was ok.  My tradition at Fort Mill Captain Steve's is clam chowder and a half order or crab legs.  New England Clam Chowder should be white.  They added carrots and sprinkled it with Paprika.  No.  Terrible IMHO.  My crab legs were over cooked and looked terrible.  The meat crumbled.  I have never had that happen anywhere but I had already returned the chowder.  And here is the absolute worst - They gave me margarine to dip the crab in.  Flavorless yellow Jell-o goop.  I'd rather use movie theatre "butter" than margarine.  Shape up Charlotte Captain Steve's!  And for the general public choosing, I highly recommend Fort Mill. Highly.This restaurant was okay.  I wish they would turn down the 1,000 watt lights so you could relax while having dinner!  The decor is "interesting" and definitely needs updating, however it is whimsical in a way. The lights ruin the entire experience.The food was decent but not great.  My husband tried Grouper fish for the first time.  It was so fishy that he could barely eat it.  The server told us that was the type of fish it was, after he ordered and complained about the fishiness.  No "fresh" fish should ever taste or smell fishy.  On a positive note, I had the shrimp skewers that were very good and so was the fried okra.  The server was very nice and went on and on about how great the food was.  Again, it was okay but due to the extremely bright lights, loud decor and fishy fish, we won't be back.The food is pretty good but the service is the worst. We live close by and hope that service will get better but it never does. Today we waited at least 5 min. for the waitress to come by and drop off hush puppies. Then waited another 10 or so min. for something to drink before choking on the hush puppies. Being an ex-waitress myself, a customers drink should not get below halfway and we were sitting on empty for quite some time about 3 times total. It was difficult to eat without anything to drink so by that time you just give up and are ready to leave. And of course you wait again to pay the bill so you can leave. I'm not sure if it's the waitresses fault or lack of staff. In addition, I definitely don't want you to smell like cigarettes when you return either when I've been sitting here waiting on you.First time here, probably won't go back. We had a group of 8 so a good sampling all around. I had he all-you-can-eat crab legs. They were okay. The hush puppies were the best thing on the menu. Everything just tasted the same, though, and the mac and cheese came out like soup. Horrible. Service was friendly, but sporadic. We had to ask for everything (butter, tarter sauce, water, 2nd beer, etc.) She was very attentive though when I offered one of my legs I wasn't going to eat to a friend. They really mean no sharing. Guess it's better to throw it away.The food is pretty good and there are many options. But I've come here many times because I work across the street, and the service is nothing close to outstanding. I've never seen one of the servers smile. I've had better sushi elsewhere, with better service.First time eating at Sushi 101, We started with the lettuce wraps which were okay then we got 3 different types of sushi. We most likely won't go back. The setup is a typical restaurant setup with an open design and a small sushi bar area. The main reason I went with 2 stars is the overall feel of the restaurant, the staffs approach and enthusiasm and the quality of the food.This is probably some of the worse sushi in South Charlotte.  The food smelled extremely fishy, not what I would expect from fresh sushi, and tasted "off".  The service was ok, a little slow based on how busy they were.  There are certainly better options for sushi, or Asian cuisine.  I won't be back.Sushi is fair, nothing special. Service is hit or miss. I've been at night and had good service, then I went for lunch yesterday and the guy was so smug, and unfriendly. It's really nothing special.Meh! Our 4 rolls tasted like something you get from Harris Teeter after its been sitting out for a while.The only reason this place gets 2 stars is because the very first time I went there, the sashimi was the best I'd ever had. I've been twice since then and last night was the last straw. My guess is that they've changed management or ownership. The hostess wiped down the table in front of us by spraying the cleaning solution on the table, without even bothering to move the soy sauce and sriracha bottles out of the way. When she seated us, the table was sopping wet and still very sticky. Then came the food. It was a group of five of us and among the orders were yaki somen with grilled shrimp, three sashimi platters, a combination sushi platter, and a bowl of chirashi. After waiting 30 minutes for our food, the noodles were the highlight of the meal. The sashimi was warm (as usual), and the chirashi was the saddest I've ever seen. It was a gigantic bowl of rice with nine measley slices of warm fish and three slices of cucumbers. I'm a huge fan of chirashi and try to order it at every sushi restaurant I go to, in order to find the best. This was the worst. A simple tip to them: close the doors to the sushi refrigerators after you've taken out the portion you need. Doing this one simple thing will keep your fish much colder. Or serve it over ice. Although, serving it over ice would probably result in the fish swimming in a pool of water by the time it got to the customers, since they are so slow.I used to eat at this place quite. However, I had a bad experience when arriving one lunch time and being ignored at the door waiting to be seated. Servers just kept going about pretending I was not there. Waited 10 minutes standing before leaving. Will not return. Food is OK, However, the service needs much improvement. Decor is average.Server was very attentive and love the fact they offered the Kirin in large bottle. I got a noodle bowl with portobello mushrooms... It was terrible, had no taste and the noodle portion was very little. Everyone compliment the sushi... I guess I should of tried thatHaving spotted a $28 Dior Addict (Stiletto... a word that sounds sexy, yet dangerous... recall Fonda's Single White Female) I really wanted days ago at Sephora, I decided to check out two department store makeup counters to see if they were offering a "gift w/ purchase."  (Turned out that the "gift w/ purchase" promotion will not be offered till September.)  Macy's turned out to be my first and my last stop that day due to time constraints, the way I was treated, and the fact that the Macy's rep behind the Dior counter quoted me a lower price for the lipsticks I wanted to purchase- I was going to buy at least two ( Stiletto and Envy), and I also started looking into the $30 Rouge Dior colors and the $34 Serum Rouge selections.  Since I am not fond of returning tainted lipsticks, I proceeded to sample some of the testers using the disposable brushes they have for customers to use.  It wasn't long before a woman permanently parked herself behind and to the right of me where I could see her. Even though I greeted her a nice hello and continued to sample colors, after awhile, I felt so uncomfortable, that I decided I'd just stick to the two choices I initially made, since I can always come back if I ended up liking the products.  The original rep rang my purchases up, and the total was higher than I estimated it to be.  I asked her why, and she said that she'd looked at another product's tag when I had asked her earlier for the price.  Since it was only a few dollars, I decided I'd let it go, and left Macy's.  I returned to Sephora a few days later to restock on Clinique colors that I love.  I always buy three or more of these at a time to eventually replace the almost-new ones I have already, since the bases fall prey to Arizona's heat and break off.  (I don't have the patience, nor the time, to save these broken pieces in pots and apply them on w/ lipstick brushes.  I wish I did, for I would then have the extra cash to spend on my other hobbies of dining out and watching movies at Camelview!)  Anyhoo, I ended up buying five colors, which amounted to around $77, including tax (three for me, and two to gift Mom w/, because I like her).See Macy's?  If you didn't make me feel like I was a marked crook by sending your guard, who was ready to jump me at the slightest move, I'd have spent so much more money splurging on my favorite makeup items at your counters, rather than at other stores.  I'm not even pondering on how the rep mislead me by quoting the wrong price-- OK I will... How could she do that when I specifically gave her the product's line and color to look up?  Nevermind.  I'm making it a point to boycott this particular location.  Should I ever want to buy anything from a Macy's, I'll either go to the one in Chandler, or to another state even!  Perhaps I'll just spend my money at Dillard's and Sephora.My issue is not with the store itself, it's mostly the associates who work in the cosmetics and fragrance section. I appreciate good customer service, don't get me wrong--It's just that I can't tolerate being there for more than 5 minutes since I will inevitably be approached at least 2-3 times by different associates. Also, it seems as if they get annoyed when you take a little longer to make a purchasing decision. I don't typically shop at Macy's-it's not really my thing but I do love high end makeup and fragrances. Unfortunately, I won't be returning here due to the overbearing sales associates.Reasonable selection but unbelievably poor service, particularly in shoes. Moved to Scottsdale four years ago, and have found the service at the Scottsdale Macys to be suprisingly poor every time we stop in.I purchased some very expensive leather furniture from Macy's it arrived damaged four weeks later they sent me two pieces to replace the damaged ones and again they were not only damage but they were under stuffed. To arrange a third delivery I was on the phone for nearly an hour and a half with the lady who could not speak English they told me they would call me back within the next few days for a third delivery I told them I would not be paying for anything until I get my furniture in perfect condition very disappointed with Macy'sWent to Macy's to get an outfit on March 5.  When the order was rung up I was told I could save $60 if I would return for the items on Wednesday.  I told the cashier I lived an hour away so she told me they would send me the items at no cost and they would arrive by March 11.  Well, they did not arrive.  The receipt was not emailed to me.  What a disaster!  I stressed many times the importance of receiving the items as I needed to wear them on Friday, which is today.

La soupe minestrone tait froide, la salade tait noye de vinaigrette, la pieuvre tait passable, le poisson tait sec... L'htesse tait charmante et voil ce qui lui a valu une toile de plus, car OMG mon collgue devra travailler fort  me convaincre la prochaine fois qu'il voudra me recommander un endroit!Risotto = basically rice in Cheese Whiz.Gnocchi = supermarket-shelf pasta, drenched in cream.

Set-up of VIP tables                                   2

 Ich habe das "Al Ponte" bisher zweimal besucht und bin eigentlich nur enttuscht.

-WAY sub-par toppings..have your pick between wilted iceberg and soggy tomatoes, basically

2) Combo: Choice of two main items with steamed rice (even more Chinese. Pass!)

    You guys have those five diamonds hanging on the wall, I shouldn't have to waive anyone down. Besides, i find it extremely rude. So we had $20 of our $400 bill taken care of. Please don't bother next time...Wait,there won't be next time!   By the way, make sure your servers know your menu because that Kobe filet is probably 4oz, not 8oz as I was told.

- The manager wasn't there.

The Sashimi cut was wrong, and again presented in a bowl (very strange choice for a plate since you want to display the cut, the colors, the fat/meat content of the fish when dealing sashimi)on a side note, Fresh is not a good indicator for sushi restaurants, most Japanese chefs age their fatty fish (Tuna) for a few days before serving it to their customer.Over priced and mediocre service. The cooked items were overcooked. The makis were unimpressive. The nigiri was the only good thing. Wouldn't recommended to come here.The sushi is, for lack of a better word, ordinary. I understand the popularity of the place based on the nigiri, which are quite exceptional. The chef really has a way with them. However, the maki I tried were "meh". You don't get to choose your maki... It's chef inspired. I had one with unagi and one with salmon and basil mayonnaise... They were nothing special.The bibimbap was not as good as most places. They make it with brown rice and quinoa, which is great. However, the vegetables they use are steamed instead of marinated, so they fall flat. The dish also becomes very watery since the stone is not hot enough and the egg just stays very liquid even when mixed in. Veggies are watery too. Very disappointing. Miso soup was good.Service is nice, even if a little pretentious. They charge for extra ginger, which is a little surprising for a restaurant of this caliber... But not a big deal.Much of the food was very good but the space is uncomfortable, too brightly lit, the music was too loud, and the service was kind of invasively pretentious.  The waitstaff  tried to grab my partners plate while she was eating and when she told him she wasn't done, stood next to her waiting for her to finish.  $350 was too much for the overall experience.I came here last summer with my boyfriend and was excited to taste some of the "best sushi and sahimi in town." The sashimi was delicious, however a little too thickly cut for my liking and the sushi was great. For the main meal I ordered the jap chae with salmon. It is very rare I order fish at a restaurant but I figured he does such great things with fish, it must be good. The jap chae was so bland, I could not finish it and the salmon was so overcooked and dry, it felt as though it had been sitting in a steamer all day long. This dish really put a kink in my opinion of the night. I would try this place again but I would stick to the raw dishes.I don't see what the fuss is all about.I came here with a group of friends for pedicures based on a recommendation. We went with the KING. It was good, nothing special. I asked for french tips and they turned out a bit uneven.They charge you a fee for leaving a tip on a credit card, I believe the fee was $2. That seems ridiculous to me and was really inconvenient for one of my friends who didn't have cash and wasn't made aware of this until the end. I am a server and people leave credit card tips ALL THE TIME, I don't see what the big deal is and what could possible warrant a $2 per customer fee.They do a punch card of sorts but I didn't read the fine print because I don't think I will be backComing from someone that has worked in several of the gyms in the Charlotte area for years, this is a review you may want to see!Membership is just about as much as LIfetime Fitness, about double Fitness Connection, and more than LA Fitness.  Depending on your income it can either be a little more, less or the same as the YMCA. Ammenities:Been a member here for almost two years but cancelled my membership last month, sent an email and a letter via snail mail, mailed from Harrisburg Post Office and noticed my membership fee was still drafted out a month later.  I was told they never received anything in the mail nor via email, which I have in a sent file showing the date and time sent.  I figured with two methods of cancellation it could not be messed up, but I was wrong. Only reason I am giving two stars is because the gentleman on the phone was very cordial and cancelled the membership.  However he still couldn't (or wouldn't, not sure of the actual authority he has) give the money back for this month, I have no need for a company that either lies or ignores customer request, especially when it is done by their rules which state 30 days notice in "writing".  Extremely poor customer service from that respect.  As far as the facilities go I will say it was nice and always clean when I was there, if my request was taken care of probably would have given them 4 stars but if you join make sure you probably cancel in person, of course then you have to listen to the sales pitch to keep you on.  And the child care center inside was nice for the times I went.Well I was there last Sunday and waited almost 20 minutes for two sandwiches.  The roast beef was acceptable but the turkey was low grade.  If they are charging 10 bucks for a sandwich it better have fresh carved meat not something I can buy in a pre-wrapped package at the supermarket.  I think this place can be great but they need to fix their speed and quality of meats.  I will likely go elsewhere next time unless they improve.Deli Sandwiches and great beer. I should love this place, but I struck out. Again and again, first it closes way too early. So, it took a few attempts to try them when open. Then, finally, the stars aligned. The number of sandwich choices is a bit overwhelming. Most reviews raved over the cream cheese on the sandwiches since I don't dig cream cheese I was left uncertain on what to order. We asked for recommendations and settled on the turkey, avocado, bacon and provolone ($7.50 sm) and the pulled pork splashed with Tabasco BBQ sauce, cheddar and pineapple ($10.50). They have Kona on tap which is a huge win! We ordered two beers ($7.90 each). Rather than the cashier informing us it was happy hour, I happened to catch the sign in just the nick of time. He corrected the order, and we got 2-for-1 beers. Yeah! While we waited for our sandwich we admired the atmosphere and enjoyed our beers. We love the laid back beach atmosphere. Our sandwiches were brought over on Frisbees - love it. We dug into our sandwiches - didn't love it. The bread was thick, dense and while sturdy it wasn't too tasty. They lay it on thick so these are sandwiches for hearty appetites. However, the blend of fillings didn't thrill us. The turkey tasted purely like mustard, the avocado would shoot out the side every time I took a bite. It was difficult to eat about 1/2 way thru I gave up. The pork was ok, but it was ruined by the tabasco BBQ sauce. There was so much of it there was no way to escape it. It completely overpowered any taste of cheddar or pineapple. Perhaps we chose poorly, but these sandwiches came highly recommended. I'm not sure that I'd return to try others. It's a real shame because the beer options are fantastic. It'd be better if this was primarily a bar.2.5 starsI really wanted to like this location.  I mean I REALLLLYYYY wanted to like this spot.  I grew up near Beach Hut in northern Cali and it quickly was one of my favorite lunch spots of all time.   I was stoked when I moved to NV and saw that they had a Beach Hut, it was one of the first places I had to go eat.  Upon arriving, I gave my order to a worker that I'm not sure knew where he was.  There are certain things I like on a sandwich and certain things I don't, usually it's not complicated and this was no exception.  Somehow just ordering turned into an approx 10 min ordeal.  I wish I could explain how it took so long to just go through what I wanted and what I didn't, but unfortunately I went through the process of repeating it twice (very slowly) and he still seemed confused.  The sandwich came out after another 10 min wait and was awesome, the food here I truly can't knock, it really is good.The next time going here was fairly uneventful luckily (which truly should be expected at anywhere I go).  There was a longer than normal wait considering my order was the only one they were making, but the food made up for it.My next trip here really bothered me to the point that I don't wish to go back.  I want to say, I DON'T mind waiting if the food is worth it, I may get a little annoyed considering there's typically no cooking for a sandwich, but I'll deal with it and be happy.  So upon walking in, I head right to the counter and give my order for a To-Go order.  Based on my previous experiences with Beach Hut in general, I know it'll take 5-10 minutes at least.  After being outside for maybe a minute or two tops, a young girl calls my name and tells me that my order is ready, which I found out.  I asked if she was sure it was mine which she tells me "yes", I repeat back what I ordered just to make sure because this seemed unusually quick.  She again tells me that it's mine while looking slightly annoyed.  Unfortunately I feel like somehow it's my fault for not trusting my gut instinct and actually opening up the sandwich and checking to make sure it was right.   So fast forward to 15-20 drive home and opening up "my" sandwich... well... i think you can guess that it wasn't mine.  If it was just a minor screw up like the same # but with/without onions I would be ok with it, but unfortunately this was just completely a different sandwich.  I don't prefer to have mustard and this thing was loaded up.  Normally I'd chalk it up to just a normal error like when Fast Food happens to toss the wrong item on your burger, but this just doesn't have the same feel to it.  If there was more people inside ordering at the time I could understand just tossing the wrong sandwich in the wrong bag, unfortunately there was only 1 other person ordering and that was after me.  Best guess is they screwed up someone's sandwich and found a quick way to get rid of it.  I'm sure in the future I'll break down and give this place another shot based on my love affairs with the ones from my home town, but I just don't see it happening anytime soon.  It's been 3 months since my last time here and I don't know when I'll try it again.The food really is great and based on that alone I want to rate this 5 stars, just the employees/service bring this one down so badly to the point I feel 1.5/2 stars is appropriate.Just ok. Very pricy for what you get. $11 for a small sandwich and a drink? Sandwich was way overloaded with mustard, couldn't taste much else.The food is really good the music is rad.... But there were two employees that really killed the vibe did not enjoy my experience they were very grumpy didn't seem to care that we were even there. Barley acknowledged us when we came in or while we were eating  pretty lame!Went there for "happy hour"... Wasn't too happy. Weird service/ ordering system. Was asked to order & pay right after stepping into the joint... Had no idea what drinks they even had to choose from. After questioning the cashier, she rambled off a couple beers I have never heard of. She let me try a sample of one, which I didn't care for. Left after my boyfriend finished his beer.. I think he enjoyed it tho :)Ridiculously long wait for a small sandwich. There was no one in line when we walked in, just a couple of people sitting at tables in the back. There was no one at the register to take our order but one of the young girls working there said she would be with us in a minute. We continued to wait. We finally had our order taken and went with the Malibu, hot pastrami and swiss on toasted garlic cheese bread. We must have waited well over ten minutes and when I picked up the sandwich it was already disappointing. It was really small, and looked like something I could have made at home in 2 minutes. It tasted fine but nothing anyone else couldn't have done in half the time. The bread seemed like regular white bread, did not taste and garlic or cheese. The menu descriptions sound great, but the actual product falls short.I would never eat here again! I ordered the bqq pulled pork nothing about it was pulled it was cubed extremely spicy and drenched in bbq sauce! After taking one bite I asked to exchange it but they made me pay for a whole new sand which after spending 35$! I waited forever for the new sandwich that I decided to take it to go.Not only was  the manager rude, but she made everyone else's sandwhich who came after me first. The soup was bland and watery no cheese, which one would expect from chicken tortilla soup, they also visibly microwave everything to warm it. Gross never again. I'm still hungry!!Although the food is good customer service could use some attention. What happened to the customer is always right every order I heard someone give the girl she said she couldn't add something or change the way that the item comes. I wanted to add some extras on an order of nachos and was told no. Not very pleasing to someone who comes here frequently. Seems like they could do without my business.Had the veggie burger with fries.  Not great, and way too much salt.  So much salt the fries in particular were inedible.When you try to please everybody, you get basic food. Nothing amazing. If you order a savory crpe, they will use the very sweet crpe batter. Super gross with salty ingredients. Service is good. Fresh orange and grapefruit juice.I guess this place works because it's really family/kid friendly.Terrible place for brunch. The food was so standard. It tasted so bland and it was such a boring environment. I ordered a spinach and mozzarella sand which with breakfast potatoes on the side. The sandwiches don't even come with anything, I had to order a side dish. Their breakfast potatoes weren't even that good. Who messes up breakfast potatoes?! The sandwich came in this clunky plate with so much place to spare but they brought the potatoes on a separate plate for no reason. The sandwich had a pickle on top but that was pretty much it for presentation.It was such a careless restaurant with a staff that was unenthusiastic. I was there to catch up with a friend and they were making so much noise I couldn't hear her most of the time. I'm going to give this place a 2 stars because the food was adequate and I'm assuming the waiter was having a bad day. I had a good time but that was mostly because I was there with a friend and we had a lovely time.I wouldn't go back and I wouldn't recommend itReceived a message from Charles, the owner of EZ Rent-A-Car.  He apologized for the negative experience, promised to investigate the matter and offered a 10% discount off our car rental.  While this does not change or erase the experience, it does speak volumes about the owner's sincerity and commitment to customer service and satisfaction.  I appreciate his response to my review and we're willing to give E-Z Rent-A-Car another shot in the future.The price was great but there was nothing "easy" about renting from E-Z.Issues:

((secret over share)) I know the carwash business really well ((really, really well))...I was not a happy camper, at all. If I had had the time I would have made them do it over, and over until they got it right. The back window was not even touched inside, at all. Sloppy, sloppy, sloppy on the interior, did they vacuum it? I have no idea, did not look like it to me. Inside windows a joke. Outside? UUGGHHHH!! the underside of the door untouched wwaaahhhtttt?? You have to try really hard not to wash that. There was something on the rags they used to dry off my poor car, that now needs to be re-washed and waxed. It looks like sap, ya flippin tree sap! My car is kept in the garage and I NEVER park it under filthy bird holding trees!Super upset. If you have your car washed here, you better be on them like white on rice, point out whatever you feel they have missed, and make them go over it, until it is right. If one of my car washes turned out work like this I would have been out of business in a hot second. A child would have tried harder.They get 2 stars, for location. Hopefully, they can step up their game...Been coming here for years since they're close by even though they tend to be slow as Hell. Today was the worst ever because as I show in the photos I took, there's 8 cars under the tent to be completed yet not a soul is around doing anything. I've been here for a half hour already and am about to have a big fit if they don't get this done. Seriously not anyone in charge here. Just watched an elderly customer be forced to back his car out of the bay because the two in front of his were unfinished?    The windshield repair guy as others said is always hounding everyone who comes in. Today will be my last time here, it's not worth waiting a freakin hour for a car wash.They do a pretty decent job. One of the better full service car washes I've found. Price is pretty descent too.....$18 for a full wash, vacuum, and tire dressing (not including tip). So the reason for 2 stars is the windshield repair scam when you pull up. Immediately a guy will start inspecting your windshield and try selling you on chip and/or crack repair. They ask about your insurance info and use scare tactics about your windshield cracking. I've been here several times and they have the same pitch for every vehicle that pulls up. It's really kind of comical that they find some sort of chip in every single vehicle that pulls up. Now as soon as I pull up I get out and immediately tell the dude I've been here before and am not interested.This could easily be a 4 star location if the windshield guys were not trying to screw every car that pulls in. I'm assuming the car wash gets a cut of their business otherwise why would they let them try taking advantage of the customers.I had a disappointing experience with this service.  I used the service last November/December for one day, as a trial, and Scott said everything went well and he was comfortable with the dogs - even sent pictures. I thought I found a new permanent sitter. I schedule sitting earlier this month with Scott for March 29 and he put the time on his calendar.  I asked him if he wanted another meet & greet with the dogs since it had been awhile and he said yes.  He contacted me today to cancel saying he was not comfortable with one of our dogs.  Although I appreciate Scott's honesty, I sure would have appreciated knowing his reservations the last time he sat for us so I could continue my search for a pet sitter then,  not when I have an immediate need.  Instead, I'm scrambling now to find someone for next week.So disgusted with the service! His name was Steve and he was less than interested in us and I'm a 13 year vet in the service industry ive been a bartender server busser......you name it!  everyone deserves better! When I'm at your bar pay attention to me!Kopper Keg has a nice menu of typical bar food and a nice enough bar area. There are also pool tables and areas off the bar to sit and drink with friends. They also have an enclosed food restaurant to eat your dinner without all the cigarette smoke. But if you want to gamble, you have to be in the bar.The cigarette smoke is rather intense in the bar area. When I leave this bar, I smell like an ashtray. Not enjoyable at all. Other nearby bars seep to have better ventilation. Also, this bar REEKS when you walk in. Stale and musty, as if the carpets were filthy. This smell goes beyond simple cigarette odor.  Other bars in the area may have a cigarette smell, but do not reek like musty or moldy carpets. The bartenders are pretty cool, but sometimes it's difficult to get their attention as they will converse with a favorite client for a long time and not look around at the rest of the bar. Their french fries, both the waffle fries and the natural fries are yummy. Burgers are not that great. Fish and chips were good and would have been great if only they hadn't overcooked the fish so that the batter was almost burnt.I'm not sure how it is always insanely smoke filled in this bar, but it is terrible even when no one is in there. Sadly, that's not the worst part of this place. Don't expect anyone to acknowledge you for a while, you'll sit there and be ignored. I've been told it's because the bartenders think they're better than the customers. I've never asked them their thoughts on that, but it is how they've treated me every time I've gone in there except once. So once out of about 10 times, not great odds. Needless to say, I haven't gone back, nor do my friends want to go there either.In Vegas there's is very few bars that pour Guinness correctly! This is not one of them.. feeling annoyed.. What a disgrace to Guinness drinkersUsed to come here pretty often, haven't been in awhile though. Went in last night to watch a game, bartender was initially pretty blunt and uninviting but she warmed up over time. Food is good, simple bar food, but tasty nonetheless.A random drunk guy came up and put his arm around me, and made my wife and I very uncomfortable (this was at 7pm on a Thursday by the way).  We mentioned it to the bartender, and she just waved it off saying that he's in there almost every night and he's the 'resident drunk'. She almost made us feel bad for mentioning it. He was definitely past the point where they should have continued to serve him. He came around again and was just annoying as can be.The server brought us our tab without us asking, and we still had over half a beer left each, felt like she was urging us out. I don't mind this place, despite the smoky air, but if he's a regular here, and is always that drunk, (and is being defended by the staff!),I probably won't be returning.White House Black Market is a women's clothing store that focuses on professional and formal wear, generally appearing to cater to the 40+ crowd.  As the name suggests, most of the items in the store are black and white (I think it used to be entirely black and white, but they've expanded into splashes of color).  I've been looking for a decent white button up shirt for quite a while now (like, for years).  I figured I should finally break down and shell out the 50+ bucks for the perfect shirt, since thrifty shopping has produced no viable results.  A store that tends to focus on more formal items and where 75%+ of the content is black and white should fit the bill, right?  Wrong... While they offered a couple different styles of embellishment to their white button ups - completely boring plain white or plain white with ruffles - every single button up shirt in the entire store was the exact same style - which happened to be too low cut for me.  So, this company loses major points for assuming that every single person shopping there is exactly the same shape, and wants exactly the same shirt, just in different colors or with and without ruffles.  I can't attest to the quality or cuts of any of their other clothing, after thanking the friendly-enough sales woman for trying to help, I left.Late night drive thru is ALWAYS a mess here. I laid off coming to this particular location for a while and decided to give them another chance. Nope still the same, So I arrived around 10:30PM and the drive thru only had 3 cars in it and my wait time was STILL over 13 minutes and I can't understand why. Why?! What is the point of calling it fast food when nothing about the entire experience is fast? I expect that if I wait in a drive thru to have my food be piping hot fresh out the grease if that's the case. Not to open my bag to find any kind of luke warm food. After that long wait I STILL had to wait longer because I sent my order back and requested that my food be fresh. I won't be returning to this location at all...Not a huge fan.. I mean, the prices are ok, and the store is your typical sally's. It's clean and all.. But the employees, while generally polite, don't seem to have a clue what they're doing. I returned a box of straightening treatment after reading the reviews online. Half of them claimed this stuff ruined their hair. I wasn't really wanting to chance that, so I took it back. I told the lady why I was returning it and she got really snippy at me, letting me know that of course it wouldn't ruin my hair; they wouldn't sell it if it did! Err.. Ok, I guess all those people with ruined hair are totally wrong. Whatever. You ask for help choosing a product.. And not a single person there actually knows anything about their products. I don't normally expect employees to know much about their products.. But you ONLY sell hair care and styling supplies... You would think they'd know a LITTLE something about the products they stare at all day long. But whatever, I'm sure I'll continue to shop here; I just won't bother with  expecting service.Stephanie started us off with 5 star service. Smiling, funny, efficiently correcting our order when we changed our minds. Ok, I changed mine. She went with the flow and didn't have any issues using the register as so many do.They got knocked down a star because the tables were dirty and they were out of napkins.They got knocked down another star because we waited for what seemed like forever. We were on our way to an event and figured that 30 minutes would be plenty of time to get our fast food and get to the venue up the road. After 20 minutes, I sent my husband up to the counter to find out if they had forgotten us. We didn't even get our drinks. They told us it would be another couple of minutes, and it was. While we were eating, they lost all of the rest of their stars and even dipped into the negative as I was embarrassed to hear what I can only assume was the manager publicly berate Stephanie. I wasn't able to hear everything he said, but I heard the poor girl say back that she was the only one up front during the rush. I can contest that she was. I saw a bunch of staff members in the back, but nobody helping her. she even had to go back and drop the fries after ringing us up. Management 101: Do not publicly discipline anyone, ever. It looks bad on you, demotivates the employees, and alienates your customers. I was embarrassed for her and embarrassed for everyone in the restaurant. I wish I could have seen this person so I could report who he was.They got their two stars back because the food was absolutely delicious. A few tweaks in training and possibly a full staff and they would be a 5 star Arby's - as long as they keep Stephanie.Good food....but SLOWEST service EVERRRRR!!! Their drive through wait is a joke. I'm pretty sure I could cut my own roast beef and make my own sandwich faster than they can here. Almost not worth the wait for fast food.Hudson Enterprises bill out at $100 for an hour for a plumber, which I feel like is high for this area. The work they do is ok, but honestly I think you are overpaying significantly if you use Hudson enterprises.Lived in Vegas for a little more than a year and practically tried most of the buffets in town, until a friend told me about Yelp so I decided to give it a try and see if I can find another buffet that we haven't tried. Came across Tipps and saw the good reviews so we decided to give it a try and think it's pretty over rated. It's not the best Thai food in town. It's just that they have a (All You Can Eat Dinner) for $19.95 which you order off their regular menu but the portion are either cut in half or a third. I think the menu was very limited too, they didn't have a lot of the items we wanted. There's really no drink or dessert on that menu. What ever you do, don't order the fried fish it was so dried out that it was really hard to eat. Overall it was just okay! When you first walked into the restaurant it has a musty old smell, but we put that aside and still went on with the dinining to see what the rave was about. For almost $20/person you could get better Thai else where.Just went in to get fries and a drink. It was hot and I hadn't eaten all day. I was waiting on the bus that takes forever to come and decided to go in and grab some food. Was standing at the counter for what seemed like forever, no one was at the register. Too many customers not enough employees. I left and just ate at home.Ive been meaning to do this and have just have been lacking i guess, but here it goes...UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT!!!! :(  and thats not a good thing!!! Unfortunately, i believe this place has gone WAY DOWN HILL!!!! The ONLY reason this place even gets two starts still is because of Brian and Kathy, and the other two cool server guys! They got a new "head chef" he SUCKS!!! Is trying to save $$ and is skimping on things.. no more crab on the cucumber salad, one one bowl of edamame per table or they charge (which one is enough for us, but come on!) They changed their menu and took off some amazing rolls (thanks new head chef) they just really lost a lot of what they had going on that made them what they are! So, like i said, 1 star for Brian (which he is at another sushi restaurant so i think going and seeing him there these days is a better bet) and Kathy... but the loss of 3 stars is for the lack of great sushi and the DUMB ASS NEW HEAD CHEF!!!!!!!!!!! All i have to say to him is........ GO RUIN SOMEONE ELSE'S SUSHI RESTAURANT NOT MINE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (Which by the looks of B.K.'s review he might have done just that?? I didnt know they've been closed for days?? I will have to call Brian and see what's going on, ill post when i find out!!So, ive ventured out and Sushi Wa is the new hot spot, review of them to follow... The Ka, I miss you already.........I must start by saying that i have frequented KA for many months since I was introduced in April '07.  When i say frequented that means or once or twice a week which became a very expensive habit that I "had to have".Sadly, times have changed.  Since the unexpected closure (and weeks before) service has changed.  The rolls have shrunk in size, rolls fall apart, my most favored rolls were removed from the menu and their BESt server, Kathy, is also gone.I will upgrade my rating to 2 stars for their saving grace - Brian an AWESOME sushi chef who knows how to throw down on some sushi!What happened to my beloved Ka?It's been a while and we keep giving it a try, but ever since the Police tape and the booth removal, it's gone down hill.  Sushi is usually on the good to really good side but the service is hit and miss.  And usually a huge miss.  And really, after all this time, could you not get a stall around the men's toilet?  Suggest Spicy Tuna next to Trader Joe's on Eastern if you want to taste what The Ka used to be.Checked this place out on Saturday night and left unimpressed.  The place was pretty empty but we were still seated in the very back corner by the kitchen (all the customers were seated against the far wall which felt a bit strange).  After being seated, we waited about 15 minutes for the waitress to come by to take our order.  Throughout dinner, the waitresses were all huddled around the sushi bar chatting with the sushi chefs, and they seemed annoyed any time they needed to check on their customers.  Plus, the music was blasting so loud all night that I could barely have a conversation.The non-sushi menu is limited and has only the basic chicken teriyaki, etc.  Also, there weren't any combo plates like other places offer.  I ordered a couple of rolls and they were fine (the spicy tuna was actually ok) but they were all covered in not so great sauces that were too salty or sour.  The chicken teriyaki came out on a huge plate and was all breast meat...however, the chicken was very very bland (the chicken appeared steamed and later topped with a little sauce and a pile of green onions).Next time, we'll stick with I Love Sushi...better sushi, better non-sushi, and better prices.  Plus, much better service.My boyfriend and I used to come here a lot when they actually served sushi. I'm only half kidding. But the last few times we came (which was in a matter of a month), there were always new servers and sushi chefs. One night we had 3 different waiters and it was frustrating. Let me tell you what else is frustrating: when their menu is not consistent. They never have Uni anymore and neither do they have oysters, which happen to be my boyfriend's fave. The taste/quality of fish and prep of their rolls has definitely declined. Plus when I used to order salmon sashimi I would get 5 pieces, now I only get 3 but pay the same price. The Screaming Orgasm used to be good, now I hardly climax. Everything else seems to be fried, so you might as well take your ass to McDonald's. I'd say the only good thing here is the edamame and profane rap songs they bump like it's Club Pure! Woot!This place has a really cool vibe and dcor but be prepared to wait a while to be served. My friend and I were there almost three hours and we only ordered three rolls, one appetizer and some cocktails.  Food was standard compared to other sushi joints in town. The only roll that really stood out was the "cherry blossom" - delicious and well presented.Bad attitudes and rude behavior from both employees, one was the manager. I'll be avoiding this McD's from here on out.Always messing something up! No cheese..comes with cheese! Order fries..get no fries! Sugar cookies? Don't even ask after 8pm! Get it together!When we first walked into this McDonalds last night, it was definitely a nicer looking establishment vs other ones that I've seen in the past. Unfortunately my first impression was ruined by the unnecessarily rude lady behind the counter. Besides our french fries being delivered cold, I was surprised to hear "that they weren't serving ice cream at night". Then the guy behind me somehow gets a McFlurry. When I asked why, they said that was their last one. So why didn't I get the last one if he was behind me?Wow I walked into this place over the weekend not really knowing what to expect. I am so glad I walked in the place is great. The decorations are amazing you really feel like you are in a pub. They even have a table that has a tap so you can sit there and serve your own drinks its pretty neat if you have a crowd who loves beer. Their food was amazing I had a burger that was cooked perfectly and tasted so good! Their selection of beer was amazing they have everything you could imagine. The service was so great I tipped double what I normally would tip. They have a great happy hour Mon through Fri till 7pm 2 for 1 drinks. If you want to have a good time try Steiner s they are AWESOME!Update I have went back twice since this review and the food was not as good. So I will not be back again since I feel as though I would waste my money.This Is very much a "Dude" bar...that's why us girl's like coming here ;) you can find all kinds of guys here...guys who just got out of work, guys who come to watch the games...good times, friendly staff and strong drinks.The good the bad the worse..........the good....

Sushi - worst selection of sushi I've ever seen.  There's a bigger and better variety and more tasty sushi at a local buffet that costs only $15 a person.  Stay clear of sushi here if you like sushi elsewhereDESSERT was probably the best thing that they had at this place.  If you don't like sweets, then you're out of luck here.  Sorry.I wouldn't come back here.  $40 a person is a pricey for such poor and small selection.This is probably the only thing that hacks me about The Wynn. I'm not a fan of buffets. Mostly because you never know who's dirty little kid stuck their fingers in the mashies, or how long the food has been sitting out. That being said, I've had my share of buffet experiences in Vegas and I actually prefer the Planet Hollywood one to this spot.I felt the selection was lacking, service was slow, and the price just really didn't match up with the amount of sub-par food I was able to consume.Was it the worst? Nah, but I won't be returning.I heard rave reviews about the Wynn, but I wasn't wowed by the food at all. I just went here b/c all my friends wanted to go here.I went for dinner which was $38.95, but since I ate in a big party there was an 18% gratuity which brought the total close to $50. That being said, I'm a huge fan of the Rio Carnival World Buffet, but I don't think you can compare the two. FOOD: The selection at the Wynn is different than that of the Rio. I'd say the food at the Wynn Buffet is more "exquisite" so-to-speak and approaches fancier type of meals compared to the Rio. I'm the kind of guy that likes T-bone steaks and all the other stuff you'd expect to find at a buffet. The only food I really liked was the salmon salad which I thought was the best. The Alaskan crab legs were also pretty good so if you like crab legs then you definitely have to consider this. The prime rib they gave me was REALLY rare, and I'm not a fan of eating rare meat at all. I'll only eat medium-rare at best. The Dim sum was alright, but I've had better, but if you pay $50 to have all-you-can-eat Dim sum at a buffet, something is wrong with you. The whole time I just wondered, where's the steak at???? If you like lamb, then you should try this place, they give you lamb racks and lamb chops. I'm not fond of lamb so I passed on that. But, where were the pork/beef ribs though???? I looked all over the place and no where to be found...FRUIT: After hearty meals at a buffet I always look for fruit to balance out the junk I've eaten. To my dismay, they really didn't have a fruit bar or selection fruit for that matter. The only fruit I really saw was cantaloupe, honey dew, and some other fruit. There were also fruits reserved for the crepes which were pretty good as well. DESERT: The Wynn shines with this aspect of their buffet. They have about 5 or 6 kinds of ice cream flavors and you can put a bunch of toppings on it similar to what you can do at a yogurt place (put oreos, sprinkles, coconut, etc.). Try the strawberry sorbet, you'll love it! They also have a chef make you crepes or waffles. Weren't the best crepes I've had, but A-OK none-the-less. A bunch of cookies and cakes are also here too.Bottom line, maybe it's just me or maybe it's the Wynn buffet, but I felt like it wasn't money well-spent. I'm not hating on the Wynn or anything but like I said earlier, I'm just not the type of guy who's fancy smancy when it comes to meals. I like simple things that make me full and the Wynn didn't have it for me. But if you're a big fan of the Rio Buffet like I am, then I don't think you'll like this spot.This buffet is way over priced and isn't worth the wait. The food isn't that great. If you are going to spend $22 for a buffet, I would suggest the "M" resort where beer/wine is included.Everyone says that this buffet is the best in Las Vegas. I can't compare because we only went to this one, but it's just OK.We went for breakfast, so they had eggs, pancakes, french toast, waffles, the usual. They also had all the regular stations, like salad, asian, meat, mexican and all that.The best thing I ate was the grilled corn on the cob. I didn't really LOVE anything else, though the Prime rib was good (cold though). They didn't have any real toppings in the salad section, but I was able to find them throughout the rest of the buffet.So for a sixty dollar breakfast for two, I wasn't all that impressed. We weren't terribly hungry, and a little bit hungover, so it wasn't really money well spent. Watching the poor guy at the table across from us hold his head, looking like he had the roughest night of his life was hilarious though.I tried trying as much as I could but nothing struck me as awesome, other than the huge variety (I actually liked the buffet at Foxwoods in Connecticut better).I also got pretty much one of every dessert they offered, and some of them were so bad I needed to rinse my mouth. The only one that was really good was the little cream puff with a raspberry in it.So overall, eh. Maybe if I was starving, but probably not. Especially after waiting in line for 45 minutes or so.I can't possibly understand how this has gotten such high reviews. The food was extremely mediocre. Lots of items were bland. I wasn't impressed by the dishes at all. Very typical dishes for a crappy buffet (i.e. pancakes, eggs benedict, etc.)  I was there for brunch and lunch. The only thing I enjoyed was the prosciutto, but even that was not quality.And, the worst part is that NOTHING I ate was hot. I don't understand how I place like the Wynn, as pricey as it is, can't figure out how to keep their buffet food warm. (I've been to buffets that have been able to figure this out, and they're a lot cheaper)A lot of options a little taste.  This place is really overrated and in fact I think all of the restaurants at the Wynn and Encore suck, outside of the Italian Seafood spot.  Save your money and go to a much better buffet at Paris.I have to agree  with Aniqa J.  The Buffet at the Wynn was is extremely overated. The wait was 45mins.  The Veal scallopini was cold and soggy,  kinda like cheap chicken fried steak,  disappointment  #1.

Decor: 2

You will only see two employees here.  One at check in and the other at the bar. Terminal 3 has better staffing.Overall 2 stars for Terminal 1 D gates.  I would say its fine if you get in for free and you want to stay at concourse D.  However, if you want the goodies then you'll have to head over to Terminal 3, which I would rate 4 stars.The Club has no clue which priority pass or club lounge pass gets you in?  WTF is this?   Find out and print out a sign.  So it's like:

Ended up leaving half the cornbread and ALL the margarine

I'm not a gambler so I cannot comment on the gaming activities and offerings.Room : I booked PH for a girls trip with three friends. Booked the hotel in Feb for the mountain view room. When our check in finally came PH did not have my room available. We needed to have two queens non smoking and told our options were limited. We ended up getting the resort room over looking the pool on the 10th floor.Not a bad room and it was pretty big. To compensate us at check in they gave us spa discounts and peep show 10.00 off (which BTW were worthless)Pool: The pool at PH is BADDD I mean for here in Maryland the pool would have sufficed but this is Vegas... The only good chairs you had to pay 25-50. When we tried to lay out in the crappy free ones we were treated like second class citizens. Went over to the Hard Rock pool and they treated us much better and we were not even staying there. Maid Service: We never got any for FIVE days. I complained and they still never showed up Location: The reason I gave two stars. GREAT location on the strip. All in all it is a fun hotel the casino rocks and it is happening with a good crowd on Friday and sat night. But the hotel is not good. They really need to make changes if anyone is going to stay and come back. I sure won't......This is a club style casino on Friday and Saturday nights.  The rooms are big, but not well utilized and the decor is very cheesy.The pool area is horrible.  The area was definitely an after thought and the two pools are very small. If you want to sit in the sun and not by the pool there is plenty of seating, however if you want to be by the pool be prepared to pay!Beware: Hotel security guard (most-likely) stole my wallet/cash.I stayed here with a group of friends a few weeks back and had a great time: nice rooms, fun atmosphere, really friendly and fun dealers, etc. The one big negative to the trip was when (it appeared that) one of the hotel security guards entered my room and stole two wallets while nobody was there. We ran into the guard as he was exiting the room (not knowing he probably had the wallets) and he claimed he was just "checking on things". We realized a little while later that he had most-likely taken the wallets, kept the cash, and dumped them in a hotel trash chute (we got them back the next morning).While we did recover the wallets from the trash, the hotel is almost completely unwilling to work with me on getting my money back thus far and all but refused that the security guard was responsible (despite every bit of evidence pointing at him). They're too busy trying to cover their asses to provide any sort of real customer service, even when it's needed most. Most frustrating situation I've experienced in Vegas.Watch out for their security guards - despite being almost caught in the act, I wouldn't be surprised if he'd be stupid enough to try it again.The spa has both things that I liked and disliked:Liked - every masseuse I've had. Always great technique. Disliked - I got a spray tan here and did everything as instructed to do (wait about 7 hours before showering, don't sweat, etc) but after all that, I wasn't any darker. I waited one day, as I have had spray tans before and sometimes I Ames 24 hours for the full color to show. Nothing. I called and asked for a partial refund and they declined. It wasn't cheap either!Also, the shower area needs to be redone, badly. Very old tile - I think from back when it used to be the Alladin. Make sure, if you're a local, ask which days they do local's discounts because it makes a big difference!I've stayed in Vegas several time but this time was special.  I was getting married.

Our vinyl has issues also.Jim the general manager has been over several times including yesterday.

Aboard this tiny table.

This place doesn't care about those details.  If you want to scarf down large quantities of thick cut rolls and nigiri for cheap, this is your place.  Some people are into that.  For those that aren't, skip it.I like the sushi here but the extra fee for "take out" order.  Give me a break.  Your going to charge me a fee to order over the phone and come pick it up myself?  Am I paying for the styrofoam container?  Look at it this way, I'm not using your tables, Im not using your waitresses, your A/C, your bathrooms and you don't have to hire a bus boy and dishwasher to clean up after me.  I think I'm saving you money by getting "takeout" dummies.  The family and i used to go here quite often but ever since I got the "take out" fee I will be spending my money elsewhere.  Too bad because we liked this place and its very close to where I live.I have been to this sushi place at least a half dozen times. The first couple of times I really liked it, the sushi was inexpensive and had good sized portions. After going a few times, I began to notice how bad the service was. The waitresses are rude and act as though you are wasting their time. They bring out the food in the strangest order as well. Today when I went (which will surely be the last time I go) they brought out miso soup and the sushi I ordered at the same time, followed by my dad's stir fry and followed much later by the sushi my mom ordered. And the edamame came last. Very strange.One thing that I noticed today in this particular location was that the entire place smelled like cat pee or a litter box. We sat there for a minute once we sat down trying to decide if we should leave or not because the smell was so terrible. Then, a group sat down at the table next to us and immediately started talking about how terrible it smelled. We gathered that the carpets in the restaurant were a little wet so they had just shampooed the carpets and had not let them air out properly to dry so they started to smell sort of like a wet dog. Which was disgusting.Of the rolls I ordered today, one was the Vegas roll. I've had many of these at many different sushi places. Traditionally, there is cream cheese, salmon, tuna and yellow tail and some other stuff. The "vegas roll" at Sakana was a huge chunk of cream cheese, a huge hunk of salmon and some cucumber. No other types of fish. Eeek. The only flavor that stood out was the salmon. So naturally since the roll was no good, I didn't eat it and when the waitress asked if I wanted a box, I said no, the roll wasn't good at all, I didn't like it. Instead of taking it away and asking if she could get me something else to try, she leaves the roll on the table and walks away to get the check, which she left the Vegas roll on. The whole thing that irritates me about this place is that I know this review will not make a difference. Even though I have had several bad experiences here, every time I go it is completely packed. There is something about this place that people seem to love and I just don't see it.I gave it two just because the lunch specials are at very good price. But the service here is terrible. The food takes forever and sometimes it's sitting in the bar for a long time before a waitress takes it.Every time takes half hour more than any other restaurant and it's extremely difficult to ask something especial or different. There is often confusion and mistakes with the tab, and usually someone at the table gets the food after everyone else is done.

Why would I not stay here again? I went to the other hotels and really prefer others -Palazzo, Venetian and Aria in particular.

Plenty to do. I didn't feel like I overpaid for anything at Perq, the coffee house or Monkey Bar. The noodle place looked good and there are the obligatory designer shops that all of the new Vegas resorts want to shove down our throats. I like the design of the elevators and the concept of different themed rooms for each of the three towers is pretty cool. We were in the Lux tower.The whole place smells like new carpet and laminating chemicals though. That goes for the hallways leading to the rooms, the main lobby, the upper level with the buffet. I liked the FedEx center that is open to hotel guests 24/7. The gym is excellent. I was very impressed. Brand new equipment, very clean, fresh ice water. The buffet is great but that's a separate review. The hotel uses the old Sahara infrastructure though. Nothing was done to repurpose the square footage. Some areas of the hotel feel cluttered and others feel barren. The upper lobby is just the buffet and FedEx center. Talk about wasted space. They have someone at the escalator to signal the buffet is upstairs and that no, you're not lost. And the old red branded Sahara carpet is still everywhere in the lobby and casino. The casino:

THIS PLACE HAD POOR STANDARDS OF FOOD HYGIENE. Our server did not really communicate with us.

Their French fries seemed like over cooked store brand that I tried to fix with what seemed like watered down ketchup. My Cheese Steak was pretty bad and I will leave it at that. My son had a chili cheese hot dog that was impossible for him to pick up due to what seemed like an entire can of chili and cheese on it. My wife actually got a Gyro she said wasn't half bad but could have used more cucumber sauce.It seemed quite expensive with 2 drinks @ $26.95. I will not return.If this review was strictly on their food, they would get between 4.5 and 5 stars. However their customer service sucks. If you go in there, and you look around and realize you are the only one there, do you understand what I'm talking about. The food is awesome, well cooked, and even will presented. I just wish they would do something about the customer service, because as of today the nearest gyro place is 15 minutes further, but I think I will be going there instead.I stopped by here since it was lunch hour and it's close to my work. Decor was nothing special - just a clean, order at the counter, take-out place with 9 or so tables. I ordered the falafel pita and a side of garlic fries. The falafel was not good at all - the falafel balls were mushy and didn't have the crispy texture that falafel should have. Secondly, the pita itself was soft all the way through, and not slightly grilled on the outside like the way I like mine. Thirdly, they skimped on the tzatziki sauce. Garlic fries were OK and topped with a garlic mayo sauce, but I thought it was a little TOO garlicky. I tasted it in my breath and tongue for about the next 6-7 hours. All in all, I wasn't too impressed with this place. I'd come back and try the gyro to see if it's any better. If not, I will have to look elsewhere for take-out Mediterranean food.I'm from Chicago and was in town to watch MLB Spring Training and drove by this place so I decided to try it since I was in the mood for a gyros. The decoration of the lakefront in Chicago indicated to me that the owner lived in Chicago. The gyros I got was anything but Chicago. It was very bland and small. Just another place cheap on quality and quantity. Will not come here again when I'm in town this weekend to watch more MLB Spring Training.Philly cheesesteak bread was soggy :( Fries were the crinkle cut kind, which I didn't care for.. My boyfriend ordered them Greek style and they were also soggy. He didn't care for his gyro, and he loves Greek food so that says a lot. Maybe it was just what we ordered, it was our first time here but we won't be returning. Service was good and food came out fast. Limited seating as it's pretty small and I went around lunch time."ugh... that was gross...." were the last words uttered before paying my $32 and change (for two people) and leaving.  I ordered the sampler platter with brisket, pulled pork, and a hot link.  The meal was served in a skillet.... the entire bottom of the skillet was COVERED in grease.  The brisket and pork was literally soaked in grease!  It was like they took the meat, dunked it in oil, then served it... it was disgusting.  The Cowboy Beans were cold and lacked flavor... plus the beans seemed undercooked.  The Spicy Fries and Sweet Tea were the best part of the meal.  The hot link wasn't for me... I didn't like the taste, but the other meats had a decent taste but not dripping in grease, I couldn't get over that.We ordered two sandwiches - one large, one regular and we could not tell a difference in size when they arrived at our table.  If I wanted cooked with with BBQ sauce thrown on top, I would have ate at home.  Whatever happened to cooking the meat IN THE SAUCE??  The smoked flavor of the meat was so overwhelming, I could not taste the sauce.I have been wanting to hit up a Waldo's for a while.  My husband and I came in for dinner and had their Tennessee special a few nights ago.   As I walked into the restaurant, the smell of BBQ was fabulous and mouth watering.The service was good and the facility had a cool ambiance as a neat BBQ joint.   The pulled pork was amazing, but what ever they served with it (I think they called it country ribs) was awful.   Dry, stringy and tough.   While neither my husband or I ate more tan 4 bites of this meat that filled over 1/2 of our plate, when the waitress asked how our food was and took away those  1/2 full plates, she did not ask if there was a problem.   Most people with f1/2 ull plates would be asking for a box to take home the leftovers.  We were super disappointed in the quality of the food and the lack of the server's recognition to the signs that we were unhappy with what we were given.We went here last night for dinner with family. The food was very good and loved the unlimited  sides. I can only give two stars to Waldo's because the service was terrible. Our waiter forgot about us so many times that we wanted to walk out. The only thing keeping me here was the smell of BBQ. The food was good but the very bad service will keep me from going back. Sorry Waldo train your staff better.Typical BBQ hut. Clean & friendly.

Are you telling me that you are going to charge me $5 (outrageous for ice) per bucket, when I normally would get this IN ANY OTHER CASINO OR HOTEL --- for free??? You have ice machines, and blatantly know that none of them work.Ridiculous. Especially for someone calling from a suite. This is unacceptable. The people staying here were extremely ghetto as well. I will never book another room at the Rio again. What a bummer!If you're into drink girls wearing lingerie, this could be the place for you. But other than that, it's pretty drab and it's not on the strip, so it's probably one of my least favorite casinos in Vegas.I would probably not book with Rio ever again. Although they have a lot of slots and decent restaurants the room was outdated and we got charged an additional $20 per person which is a resort fee. I know it's up to luck but dam their machines were tight not even $20. Service was okay nothing outstanding.This place gets 2 stars instead of 1 star because of the price.  Probably one of the cheapest hotels you can stay at (off the strip).  The rooms are huge and have pretty nice views; however everything inside the hotel/room/casino looked like they haven't been replaced since the hotel opened.  Everything seemed old and outdated.  The decor needs a facelift.  The lights in the bathroom didn't turn on, showering in the dark was fun.  Didn't bother calling the front desk because that likely won't accomplish anything.  Front desk reps were rude and didn't really seem to want to help.  I'd only go back if I didn't have to pay for a room.not a good experience.  Employees were great, management sucked at buffet though.  The food was just ok.  The Prime Rib was undercooked to the point of being unappetizing at the buffet.  But the kicker was the Buffet management.  I had an issue and asked a manager a question at the buffet and he looked at me and walked away.  i wont be going back.  unnecessary trip to go there anyway.   can lose just as bad at other more friendly casinos.   This manager was a big wig i guess.  to big to give a crud about me i guess.My husband and I have been regulars at the Rio for many years. However our last stay on 9/19/13 left much to be desired! We were given room # 512 in the Ipanema tower that was directly above the All American Grill . As soon as we walked in the room smelled like someone had been barbecuing in it . As the evening wore on the smell got stronger and stronger .

- Tried to book a cabana at adult pool in advance, but was told they only do full day cabana rentals.  Bummer.  Didn't reserve one since I knew I wouldn't be to pool until 2pm.  Got to pool and probably only 4 out of about 15 cabanas appeared to be booked.  Apparently, they'd rather leave money on the table instead of doing half day rentals of cabanas.  Oh well.  They could have made more that day.  Spoke to pool manager later (just by chance) and he said, oh, see me next time.  I can arrange it for you.  OK, well I called the number on the website for cabana rentals.  Apparently, that's not the route to take.  The spa doesn't have the authority to do 1/2 day.  DON'T make me jump through hoops to figure out who to talk to.  I'm just trying to spend money!!!  The cabanas are not worth it anyway.  They're just patio tables under the tent.  Not like other hotels that have TV's, ceiling fans, etc.  These cabanas are old and outdated.

Ironing board and iron.I am local Las Vegan and I have rarely gone inside the Paris. Perhaps I've popped in once or twice, but never have I stayed here and I have never heard much said about the place, save for the restaurants. I ended up coming here because I was having lunch with friends at Mon Ami Gabi.I'm giving two stars because just from walking around inside the casino it was pretty "meh".First off, the parking garage is horrible and is shared between Bally's and Paris. It's hard to get to, it's annoying to navigate, and it's placement is not helpful. Secondly I really dislike it when casino's parking garages push you out into a long hallway you have to walk down in order to get to the actual casino. Whoever decided it would be a great idea to put a long, cobble walkway between the garage and the casino floor... well, let's just say, not the brightest architectural genius out there. The signage, although cute like little street signs, makes navigation throughout the casino hard. I found myself walking all the way up to the little signs and making circles around them in order to read where they were all pointing and what they were all pointing to. The sign for Mon Ami Gabi is non-existent until you get right in front of the restaurant and by that time you've found the place out of sheer luck anyway. The casino itself is somewhat out-dated. I could definitely see room for improvement and renovation. I realize casinos on the strip age quickly, especially when newer ones burst onto the scene (IE: Cosmo, Aria, etc.), but that's just the way it goes. Paris should consider a new idea and get rid of the damn cobblestone flooring.This hotel is far better looking from the outside. The casino floor isn't very inviting, nor was I impressed with the buffet. That's all I have to say about that.I spent only one night here and then moved to Ceasar's Palace the next day. The room was "clean" and everything. Nothing to complain about for its price and everything. I entered the room, took my flipflops off, opened my luggage to organize my toiletry and makeup bags, went to the bathroom, and then I felt irritation on my right foot below my ankle. Well, well, well, I found a flea-bite looking red bump. Some time later like less than hour, the red bump became bigger and turned into like a blister.This happened on 9/19/13 and today's 9/23/13. The bite is still there, often irritating and tender/sore. I think I'm allergic to dirty carpet???A recent stay at Paris reminded me of how much Caesars neglects its properties compared to MGM Resorts. The hotel's location is tough to beat - center strip with a great view of the Fountains of Bellagio. The casino is pretty cool because they haven't dethemed the hell out of the place like MGM has done with Luxor, Treasure Island, NYNY. The reason Paris gets 2 stars from me is because the rooms and common areas are terribly dated. You can keep the old french charm while updating the interior to make the place more modern and appealing. The room, while clean, is lacking any modern day technological touches - you could step into this room in 2001 and it would probably still look the same. I'd like to see some usb ports, motorized curtains, etc. The hotel is definitely geared towards an older crowd (baby boomers +). Overall, I really can't see myself returning here on a regular basis - for the price, I'd go with Planet Hollywood, the Mirage, Monte Carlo, MGM Grand, or Mandalay Bay over Paris any day. **Tip - if you self park, enter off of Audre Street, which is accessible off of Harmon Avenue - the driveway setup at Paris is terrible because people never obey the walk signs for the crosswalk - be prepared to drive aggressively if you ever want to make it into the driveway.I love this place, Paris (the actual city) is one of my favorites in the world, and this hotel really does a decent job capturing its essence. Aside from the aesthetics this place is a huge pain in the Brie rind! My cell service is horrible, there is a modem in our room but a $15 per day charge for wifi (not to mention is only available on one device even after paying and horrible service), the cable is shabby and lacking of the most popular basic cable channels, and room service is full of fees and bogus charges. We are here on business and supposed to be given Diamond Club access but it will take them 3-4 days to "process"??? our info? Am I wrong to see that as completely ridiculous? And I know my cell service isn't the hotels fault but if I was allowed wifi I don't think my cell service would be such an issue. I shouldn't have to be dealing w my cell provider while away on business in Vegas. I feel almost trapped and kept from all basic conveniences in order to be lured downstairs into the casino and do not feel that my needs as a guest away from home have been considered at all. Also as stated, being here on business for a full week I would like to take it easy and relax being able to watch regular cable tv as I would back home after a full day of work. I feel at over $150 a night on the Vegas strip that it isn't far fetched to expect what the local Motel 6 offers and some.Ugh. They added a "mandatory" internet fee of $22 on to my room bill and then the internet didn't work. They also make the self check-out process pretty complicated, and I suspect the are waiting for you to slip up so they can tack on some more charges. I know this is Vegas, and that is what they do, but it pissed me off. The concierge/check in has a huge line and you have to wait forever. The room was fine. I guess it was priced ok for Las Vegas- about $120. The bathroom was nice. The casino itself was pretty cool, with all the Parisian elements. But man, that mandatory internet fee is terrible. I would probably stay elsewhere next time.Skip-able. Tacky. Loud. Skip.Make sure, when you check-in, that you ask if you are being charged a resort fee. If you are, you get free wifi and gym access. We were not told this upon check-in and wasted $22 by not using the wifi since the sign in page states $15 per day per device. It is not mentioned it is comp with resort fee. Front desk should be trained to state this fact. Kinda disingenuous in my opinion.After years of coming here the rooms are in desperate need of a major make over. Once a real nice rooms when they first opened up but now the rooms are falling apart like a cheap motel. Unless it's free or $50 I would not stay here. Rather stay at the new jubilee tower at ballys so much nicer, comparable to much higher end hotels, I was very impressed.The casino itself is nice but the rooms forget it. Don't eat at any of the over priced restaurants either.The Eiffel Tower is iconic and it lures you to come to the casino.  In fact the going up the tower is cool and should be tried.  But meanwhile, it alone this doesn't keep your interest up in sticking around.  There is a hallway that connects it to Bally's, but who cares; why would you want to go to a pathetically small boring casino and the shops in the hallway are equally unimpressive.  Then the casino.  Looks nice and big, but it's uneventful and boring.  It just seems too sterile.  Table dealers are not as friendly as the other casinos too.  Slots seem old and tend to bore the seasoned players.  I really don't find myself coming to this casino too often for these reasons.You would think being one of the bigger themed Harrahs themed properties, this place would be good...I beg to differ! Rooms were cheap and cheesy. Pools were nothing thrilling and the restaurants were only fair! We ate at the effil tower restaurant and they had the nerve to charge 48$ for rack of lamb and they give TWO lollipop pieces of lamb...literally 4 bites for 50$...what a joke! You could stay at Harrahs, Balys or flamingo, pay much less and get a similar experience!Talk about disappointed. We came here for a family trip a few years back, when the hotel was fairly new and it was just a bad experience. I came back here with some friends again about two years ago and nothing had improved.Positives: The location, it's walking distance to all the main hotels on the strip, The lobby is really pretty- you really feel like you might be in a nice area of Paris. Their buffet is great. Large selection of food and everything is delicious.Negatives: The rooms, both times I went were broken down. The lamp shades were broken, the room felt kind dirty and stuffy. Even though the lobby is very pretty there is VERY little to do at the hotel. Not very many shops or restaurants in the lobby to keep you entertained. Most of the hotels in Vegas has so much to offer that you don't even feel like leaving where you're staying, but Paris hotel isn't quit like that.I've been staying at different hotels in the strip for a couple of years and the Paris Las Vegas is the worst I've been to. --------------------------------------------

Yelp says that you are open until midnight on Sunday.

- We ordered the Grand Italian pizza and according to my brother, it tasted like something that you can get from the frozen aisle at a Ralphs.

1 star for all you can eat kimchee.I am updating my review by dropping from 4 stars to 2 stars after my second meal at Spoonhouse. This time I had the Bi Bim Bap in hot stone bowl.  I am forced to compare it to the same dish served at Ai-Ri-Rang or B-Won, both of which are much better.  At Spoonhouse the proportion of white rice was much higher, with less meat and veggies.  The stone bowl was not as hot and therefore the rice didn't scorch the way it should, and the final insult was that the Srirachi sauce was served in squirters labeled: "Bi Bim Bap sauce--hot".  It would be as if McDonald's labeled their ketchup: "hamburger sauce", assuming the customers had no idea what the food was like or how to use the sauce.

Of course, it could be a lot worse, my pint was reasonaly priced and the clientele were ok. And maybe during the week it has more to offer, but barring mild irritaion, it didn't do anything for me on this occasion.I am an "Achiever" since 1999. (some may get that, so may not).The bar is brown. They serve White Russians. No pancakesApart from the menu and some eBay paraphernalia depicting Walter Sobchek and the likes I did not get that 'Dude'-vibe. At all. This is like ..uhm.. someone thought; "The bar cannot look empty...man.." I ordered a beer and sat my self down on a rickety table, waiting for my special lady to arrive. I really needed to.. uh.. go and take care of my Johnson.. and when I arrived:  It was clearly that the dudes cleaning this place aren't married -  it wasn't the most inviting or sweet smelling area, I mean com'on the toilet seat was up and dirty, man. The faucet was inoperable, one of the bogs was out of order wrapped in a black bin liner dripping into a cleaning bucket underneath- I guess it was the most modest one they could find..  Just for that I'd mark it zeroBack at my lane ..uh.. table,  which clearly had his own mind (or a serious relationship problem with the wall it was supposed to lean against) and the missus arrived and we decided that this table was a bit of a Jacky Treehorn.. he treats objects like women.. man. And moved. The tables were bare, no decorations, no err.. folders or business papers. I don't mind being tidy and minimalist - but this looked clearly that they believed in nothing (..on the tables that is) Wifi is free and the feel is relaxed, but a little too much chillin' going on..  - doesn't anybody in that bar gives a shit about the rules? A clean toilet and sturdy furniture.. I mean I could fix that table in two seconds flat. I finished my beer and we went on our way. So although they carry the name of my personal messiah (as a priest of the Church of  Dudeism a can say that)  they went over the line and I could cry about the missed opportunities here - strikes and gutters- and this one's 3 short of a turkey .. yup.. grown men also cry..I'm sad to only give lebowskis 2 stars, and it's definitely based on my most recent trip. Calamity of errors I tell you.Basic jist, it's a white russian bar with a dozen or so variants, plus all the usual bar fair. They've a good rep for their food, and I've enjoyed it in the past, so when a meetup at a different bar got bounced because red squirrel was rammed I was very happy to come to lebowskis instead.It was busy too, but the lovely lady serving us said there'd be a table clear in a few minutes and invited us to grab a drink at the bar while we waited. True to her word, 5 minutes or so later the table was available, friends arrived, and we hungrily read the menu.The waitress took our orders, 3 burgers and one of the seasonal specials, job done. If only...Firstly, all the burgers arrived with chips instead of wedges. "oh we've run out, did no one tell you?"Secondly, one friend ordered the falafel burger, and was presented with the mushroom burger instead, which earlier she had said she'd had before and wasn't that into it.Thirdly, and most irritatingly, my girlfriend's food just didn't arrive. We asked for it twice before it finally showed up well after the rest of us had finished our food. To her credit, the waitress was incredibly apologetic, and we saw her apologizing to a lot of other customers. It would appear that the kitchen were having an absolute howler. Ah well, no harm done.BUT WAIT, THERE'S MORE!So after the food debacle we were straight up abandoned by both of the staff who'd been serving us. We had to go find someone to get the bill (long lost seasonal deducted of course) only to find somehow they'd ended up charging me 13 instead of 1 for the extra halloumi I'd ordered so we had to wait at the bar to challenge the miss charge!All in all a very poor night for lebowskis. Plus points the music wasn't too loud and apparently they've stopped doing the god awful live music they had on here. Get it together lebowskis, I want to be able to keep recommending you guys.I didn't want to cook so I had my husband drive down to Mesa about 16 miles.  I waited for the waitress and finally went to the counter to find out if the orders had to be submitted at the counter.  The waitress apologized and came to our table.  She gave us menus and when I had questions about the dishes, she informed me that she was alone taking care of the tables and therefore was rushed.  After ordering, the food came out looking fine until I tasted it.  The food was lukewarm if not cold.  The black beans were more cold than warm.  I felt terrible that I dragged my husband out for this uninspired cold meal.  My food was not bad, but I wouldn't do it again.  By the way, green plaintains are supposed to be flattened until thin--that makes them crispier.  Another lesson for the cook.  It's too bad.. the place probably has potential.

- Off the busy stripCONS:

Second, while the resort fee is quite standard now in Las Vegas, the amenities that came with it were disappointing (wifi, shuttle, water).  Oh, and pool access too.  Except that during my stay the pool was up for "renovation" for December.  This is fine and understandable, but what was insulting was the note to tell guests to buy a $10 voucher to use Caesar's Palace pool (and ride their free shuttle there!)  I can't imagine having your five star hotel guests to pay for a ticket to use another hotel's pool while being shuttled back and forth.  If you claim that pool access is part of the resort fee, then at least provide complimentary tickets on request.  It's almost comical.

and 20 minutes wait for ordering and waiting for that little bitty sandwich.Not worth it, guys.But I do have to admit the sandwich is better than Subway."Serf of Sandwich" is more like it.There doesn't seem to be any "Earl" like qualities about this place or the food for that matter.  The title of Earl is reserved for the aristocratic English nobility, and so it would seem that the sandwiches/products may or would exhibit some kind of high quality. Yes, it's cheap but it just seems ordinary to me.  In fact, my entire dining experience was not very memorable at all.  It all seemed like a bad dream and I couldn't wait to wake up so to speak.LOCATION:  Miracle Mile Shops at Planet Hollywood Hotel and Casino.There is one line that forms for the ordering counter.  Menus are displayed above the ordering station/kitchen or near the waiting area for the line.  Various cold, hot and breakfast sandwiches available.  Admittedly, there are a wide variety of choices on their menu.  Sides and sodas (self serve) available as well.After looking over their menu I finally decided on the pastrami reuben.  I honestly can't remember the sandwiches my two friends had since no one took pics or seemed satisfied with their food.  We all shared sides of chips, and potato and pasta salads.FOOD: Just ok really.  My sandwich was just alright.  Priced at $6.49 I thought it would have been bigger and better (I'm really wishing I took a picture right now).  I think the three of us finished most of our food because we were hungry having decided to forgot breakfast that morning.  In any case, the food was somewhat acceptable.  The sides were just ok as well.SERVICE: Not great.  And here's a tip:  you don't pay for your meal when you order your food.  The staff will take your sandwich order at the first counter and provide a pager to indicate when your food is ready.  We arrived at 1030am and the line was already building with the lunch crowd.  There was only one staff ringing up customer at the pay counter and it seemed that the other staff didn't care or want to help the poor guy out.  My friends and I waited what seemed like an eternity to pay for our food.  side NOTE:  You can pick up sides, i.e. potato salad and chips, along the counter space between the order and pay stations.  WHY?:  Why aren't there more seats or a larger seating area since this place seems to so popular??  BOTTOM LINE:  I'm honestly not too sure why this place is so popular.  I thought it was alright.  There really should be a larger seating area for customers.Maybe the sandwiches are good but we had the veggie omelette and it was not good; dry and flavorless. The only reason I gave it two stars is because the manager was helpful and the peanut butter cookie was good. I do not recommend for breakfast.Comparable to a corner bakery.  I got the Baja Salad and was disappointed it was missing the cilantro that it was supposed to have according to the menu.  The chicken is processed-- not great quality (I didn't eat half of it.)  If you are okay with Corner Bakery, then you'll be ok with this.  It gets the job done for cheap.Great place to eat when you need some grub and don't wanna wait. I'm a big fan of the sandwiches, especially the veggie.The wraps are bland as is the chicken used. The salads are ok. Not the best but better than Subway.was not as impressed as the reviews imply. The sandwiches were only okay. The salads seemed pre-boxed unlike their handmade advertisement.Hmm I really don't understand the hype. I recently visited and asked my sisters if they wanted me to bring home anything from LV. They both said Earl's. I made it a special trip before I left to order their sandwiches and my fiance and I figured we would just eat lunch there as well since we were already there. Tuna: I really didn't like it. I liked the bread itself though. The tuna was quite fishy. It was really just regular sandwich. Like I said...I don't understand the hype.Mediocre Philly cheese sandwich...and horrible customer service! The girl forgot my mac n cheese and didn't even apologize. She just went to get it and slid it over to me wth zero eye contact! Come on Vegas!Sorry but this place is way over rated and over priced for what your get. First of all the sandwiches are small ,not enough meat, and just nothing special at all. The chips taste like bad Pringles. This is the first time yelp let me down. Won't be going back.SO underwhelming and disappointed.  I can't believe this place has such great reviews!First thing I noticed was the very reasonable prices-- a meal for under $10 is always a good thing. But, don't be fooled, you get what you pay for because the portions are pretty tiny. I got a berry chicken salad, my sister got a Baja chicken salad, and my friend got the chipotle chicken sandwich. The bread on the sandwich earns this place their two stars but the salads were Wendy's quality, but smaller. The chicken quality is terrible. It's processed chicken that is salted to death and not good. They skimp on ingredients and it is very forgettable. For the amount of reviews and amazing rating I was expecting to at least be happy but I left very disappointed. Skip.Can't figure out how this one got rated so high. Small sandwiches, long lines and a little pricey.I had a craving for omelettes one Saturday morning in Las Vegas, and this was a quick (less than 30 minute wait), affordable (~$10) and relatively convenient (about one mile from our hotel) dine and dash breakfast joint on the strip. Unfortunately, I was hyped up by the reviews and let down by the food. Do NOT order their veggie omelette! It came looking like a soiled rag that was microwaved in a crescent-moon mold, and tasted like soggy cardboard. To say it was overcooked beyond recognition is an understatement. My roasted potatoes were bland and disappointing as well, only slightly more palatable than the "eggs". The only saving grace for this dish was the toasted slice of a bagel and Smucker's grape preserves (the kind that never expires). Save your $7 for a sandwich for their lunch menu!I also tried a bite of my friend's breakfast sandwich with eggs and bacon. We both thought it was shrug-worthy, equivalent to a glorified egg mc muffin with a couple pieces of pig meat.The two stars are for satisfying my morning fiber fix. Oatmeal with dried fruit and nuts is available for $2.50! I guess it was my own fault for trying something less popular (omelette and oatmeal) from a restaurant that is famous for their gourmet sandwiches. Next time I'll follow the herds and get a deli selection!Based on the plethora of positive reviews I felt like I had to check this place out.  Unfortunately the experience was disappointing.  I ordered a Philly cheese steak.  The sandwich was bland, the meat was tasteless and the bread was soggy in places. Very little flavor.  I am puzzled why so many people rank it as high as they do.Earl of Sandwich - way overhyped. This food is super regular so don't expect too much. Quality isn't crackin and the place is super messy. With a consistently long line, it appears that Earl's is understaffed.At best, Earl's is fine for a cheapish option on the strip. It's conveniently open 24/7 & can easily accomodate big groups. I recommend sticking to the sandwiches though - my cobb salad was totally boring & just plain not good.Guess I picked the wrong meal. Ordered ham and cheese omelet with breakfast potatoes. Potatoes were way over- )cooked and cold, only took 2 bites of the omelet- little flavor and tough to chew.. Bought some cheese and ketchup at convenience store. Hopefully can make this into something edible!The sandwiches and salad were really small and pretty average in terms of taste. Quite a disappointment!Earl of Sandwich = QuiznosI have no idea why this is rated so high.

* Awful air-conditioner in room; felt like the goddamn rainforest when turned onSome positive aspects of the Luxor...*Cathouse nightclub; snazzy looking bordello inspired with great specials for females on Madame Mondays

Room was much smaller than pictured

*Calzone - pretty good.

 Extremely nice people. I won't come backI am not a fan of Guy Fiery. I've seen him on tv and don't like him. I did not know his name before, but I saw a picture of him on a poster and told my wife that he would f-up our favorite foods. Based on yelp reviews, we decided to try the place anyway. Yelp let us down. Our fist dish, bourbon buffalo wings, had a weird taste to it. The wings were cold when they arrived. I showed my wife the inside of a red pepper half that came as a veggie side with the wings because it looked black. I looked at the other half and it was moldy. My wife showed it to the manager, and he quickly took it away and removed it from the bill. The beef ribs had an equally weird taste and were served just a little warm. They came with little bars of soft flavorless bread. We ordered a burger, and that at least was good. The temperature was appropriate, and the side of fries was fresh from the first frier. My wife agreed with me. Guy Fieri f-ed up two of our favorite foods: wings and ribs. I would give them one star except for the great service. The manager and the waiter were very attentive. But we can't justify more than two stars for a restaurant based on service alone.My bf and love Guy so we finally got the chance to try his food here in Vegas. Ambience was western, casual, and relaxing. We sat at the bar since there were seats opened. We ordered a drink Java Guava, Cajun Sandwich, and Flavortown Sandwich. The only thing we liked was my drink. We were high in sodium because the sandwiches were extremely salty so we couldn't finish them. So disappointed, but who knows the other choices might be less salty, even the couple right next to us experienced the same thing. Service was good though.Do NOT order the wings. For $14 you get scrap parts of the wings, which they call "lollipops" and their way of trying to convince you that they make it easy for you to eat...YA, because there is no more meat for you to eat to even get messy. They basically strip off all the meat and leave you with the bone and the driest parts. There are no drums(middle pieces). Literally there is no meat. I had ordered the General So wings. Anyways I would assume the flavor will be amazing but it was terrible. It was too salty and tasted like sweet and sour sauce out of a packet from Panda Express. What does it take to be a good chef? Just making the food look pretty rather than taste good or even filling? I was basically served chicken bones cleaned up and presented to me on a plate with some sauce on the side. I am so offended that they could get away with serving this garbage and charging for it. What do they do with the actual meat? I don't know if I would be more upset if they threw it away or used it on another dish, which means they get paid twice for it.Talking burgers....I guess it depends on how you rate your burgers and what you're looking for.I was disappointed. Had the Bacon-Mac-n-Cheese burger.Burger was overloaded with other things except a decent burger patty.

Finally, in early January, warranty company says they have tried everything.  They will order me a new door.  A new door??!??!?!  They PROMISED me a new door would take care of the problem. But, I would have to wait 2 months for Whirlpool to ship a new door.  I really like my refrigerator (I just want it fixed!!), so dumb me says OK.   In March (2016)  - Warranty company calls and says my new door is in (I have a side-by-side refrigerator).  FINALLY!  My nightmare will be over, and my every-other-day trip to the store for ice will end.  I can't wait.

1. Nice glass selection - unlike Visionworks - they cary high fashion frames like Prada, Burberry, Versace, Polo, Gucci and Ray Ban

The place is definitely grand with all the chandlers' and beautiful dcor. I was excited because this place was packed on a Wednesday night with Persians and Middle Eastern people. I was thinking this must be the hot spot!I ordered hummus and filet beef hoping it would be flavorful and delicious. The hummus with eggplant dish was chucky and cold and I can't taste a thing as far as eggplant and seasoning. It was extra calories wasted. This dish would of been better if they had garlic mixed with it. The herbs that came with it was all wet.... Real Persian place would make sure it's spun dry or else the bread will be soggy.When my dish came out it looked great like in the pictures but I was disappointed again with Arizona food.. The beef was not the best quality and wasn't cooked to my liking. The seasoning was off and it tasted like dry grilled beef.I would not recommend this place to anyone who had good Persian/ Middle Eastern food.We were seated 45 mins after reservation...Food was good but not worth that kind of wait & aggravation. Service barely adeauate.I have been coming here for almost 2 years and last week i was very disappointed by their Hummus serving. They are charging the same amount $$ for half of the serving. How cheap is that!!We were at the Persian Room last night. They must have been having an off night. First of all, they were packed. Even busier than usual. Things didn't go right from the get go. Starting with my Grey Goose Vodka Gimlet that was brought out in an unattractive tumbler overflowing with ice cubes. This is a $13 drink and my expectations were higher. I fished all the ice cubes out of the tumbler, but then decided to send it back. It was brought back in a Martini glass which it should have been in in the first place ... the bread that was brought to the table was only warm. Usually, it is piping hot. We then ordered the Chicken Eggplant Borani which we have had before and loved. This time it didn't seem so good. The chicken didn't seem quite as moist as usual, but the eggplant was cooked perfectly. We also got an order of Dolmeh which we thought were unremarkable. Finally, we ordered the lamb shish kebab. Unfortunately, the lamb was barely warm and had to be sent back to the kitchen to be reheated. Our server was a very pleasant young woman who did the best she could under all the circumstances. The circumstances being that the restaurant was simply too crowded. Not sure what the answer is. Perhaps they need to consider opening a second location. Finally, this place is kid-friendly to the extreme. Full of families with kids ranging from a year old to their teens. Frankly, it didn't add much to the "ambience." If you are looking for an adult dining experience, this likely isn't it unless you want to sit in the bar upstairs. All in all, it was disappointing and we're not at all sure we will be back.I had never been here before and had heard wonderful things about it!! I was excited to try it as my friend had her birthday dinner that night.There was 18 of us, quite a large group but the staff was initially very accommodating. We sat outside and basically had the back patio all to ourselves. It was beautiful! The ambiance was nice but everything else was downhill.We sat down and no menus were presented which was odd and there were only two drink menus which had to be passed around.We were informed after ordering our food that the kitchen was backed up. We patiently waited for an ONE HOUR AND A HALF before getting our food. No manager came around to apologize during the whole time we were there. Instead we were asked time and time again if we wanted to order more drinks.Our waiter Ashley was nice and kept having servers assistants come over to refill our drinks and nan bread but wasn't wonderful or anything.I told the hostesses we had a birthday celebration and asked if they could do something nice.They then sent Ashley over to confirm we had a birthday, ruining the surprise.The food was okay but nothing spectacular. I was honestly disappointed.I will not be back and will instead go somewhere else for Persian food. The service was average as well as the food. Nothing special.Went last night for Valentine's dinner, and was seriously disappointed. I've been a frequent customer over the years, and never once experienced such a mess. People who'd made reservations were waiting with the walk-in guests. Which... What is the point of making a reservation if my table has not been reserved for my party? That was strike one. After 30+ minutes of waiting, we were escorted to our table upstairs. And that was a mess in itself. The bar was completely packed, people literally had no room to stand/sit. After a significant amount of time waiting for a waiter to arrive, he finally came. Ordering was easy, and the food came quick (surprisingly). But our requests for water and bread were so delayed. I had to stop midway through my meal because I needed a refill and the waiter wasn't around to know that for a solid 10 minutes. Downstairs was absolute chaos, with the poor waiters having to weave through a group of 40+ people in that lobby area. All in all, I'm pissed about the experience, and my family and I agreed we're done with this restaurant after going there for years. For the amount of money they rake in per party, I expect a hell of a lot better.The Persian Room is a self-important establishment with a gaudy dcor and indifferent food.  It's not all bad, but the food isn't good enough to make me want to return.The platters are large and the portions generous.  The pita is warm, the grilled tomato and basmati rice of reasonable quality, the basil and cilantro are fresh, the onion slices crisp.  The male waiters are formally dressed, the gold gilt and faux-columns match the tables with table-cloths and upholstered chairs.  So what's not to like?Well, for one thing, the main courses - my lamb kubedah was simply bland - not bad, but just lacking in flavor.   Couple that with the pretentious atmosphere, and waiters who were more interested in socializing with each other than waiting on their patrons - and you've got a restaurant that could be good, but won't be drawing me back for another try.We've been here twice now, going back the second time hoping that it would be a better experience.  It wasn't, really.  The decor is very over-the-top.  Original, I guess, is one way to put it.  When we arrived, they were very busy.  Didn't seem like they were handling the many patrons who were waiting for a table all that well.  We were finally seated and ordered.  Service, overall, was spotty and a bit slow.  We ordered an appetizer, which never made it out.  We mentioned this when our meals were brought to us, and it was removed from our bill.  The meals themselves were pretty good - be prepared for tons and tons of rice (over half the plates of our main dishes were rice).  Wish there was more meat than rice, but the lamb loin that I had was pretty good.  My wife enjoyed her chicken (and heaping mounds of rice).  Probably the most unique item I had was the desert.  I have a sweet-tooth, and found their original Persian ice cream to be quite tasty.  It had a hint of rose petal infused with pistachio, and I really enjoyed it.Though it's close by to us, I don't know if we'll be in a hurry to go back.Recently had dinner at the Persian Room.  The loin spring lamb was not good, neither was the ground lamb.  I've definitely have better. The Greek salad was served with a yogurt dressing.  Why?  The rice is very bland and the add on skewer of Mahi, Mahi was nearly the price of a meal full meal, one skewer was $15.  I've given it two stars for the hot Naan bread.  We are not Persian so we were seated under the stairwell facing a pillar!  If you are a meat eater, go to Fogo's Brazilian Steak House.  The tender lamb chops, fillet, prime rib and garlic steak is excellent and their warm cheese bread and polenta sticks are extraordinary. The salad bar is fantastic!First timer.Lamb Shish Kebab.

On top of that, TV in the bathroom wasn't working, express check out wasn't working, and Wifi internet was down for the second night of the stay, even though we were all forced to pay $25 resort fee, but couldn't use internet, I would love to see them refund us that money.

Shakes are ok and the one we had was ~$9, which is highway robbery.  There was also about 1/2 a portion left in the mixer after she poured it into our to-go cup.  I asked her what she would do with that and she replied "We spill it out". I said that most would throw it in as a side car.  She gave me a blank look and poured it in the sink.

First no greeting or hi,  asked for booth which we got,  No lights so I had to use my I phone flashlight to read the menu,  order the Lamb chops with mashed potatos, and salad which it comes with, blue cheese dressing which was delicious, ate sald first with bread which was ok.  waited a long time for our meal, and the Resturant was almost empty.  When it came got 3 nice chops, with a sauce, mashed potatoes, and ordered a side of asparagus.  the lamb was cooked perfect but salty, the mashed potatoes were salty, and the sauce was salty,  it was all like a salt lick,  told them but they didn't seem to care,  out of the whole meal the aparagus was the best part cooked perfectly,  when we left we told the manager about our experiance, she didn't seem to care,  also they gave me a creme burlee for my brithday for free.

****Guess what, you were previously at the BEST DOOR.I have a feeling, that these Folks, are volunteers.

       - The fryers are situated 10-20 feet from where you're sitting so prepare to smell like grease. That probably also explains why everything felt sticky.

The salon is another thing...don't go there!! They do not listen to what you want, don't care about what you want and are the worst trained of any Ulta of anywhere I have been in the country. You deserve better, so don't bother trying this one out.I have dropped A LOT of money at this location and sadly, feel as though it was a waste -- I should have spend the money at Sephora. To put it into perspective, I think I dropped like $1000 here last year between buying a Sedu flat iron and a Sedu hair dryer along with mass amounts of fake eyelashes, lotions and body washes, hair spray, makeup, perfumes, etc. (Hey, have you BEEN to Old Town lately...a gir's gotta do her best to look good!)For all the money I've spent I received a few 20% off coupons which happen to show up in my inbox a few days after I leave Ulta spending $50-$80. I would be relatively happy with their loyalty program only to find out my 20% coupon is heavily restricted: anything premium or as they say "prestige" is off limits. This is like EVERYTHING in the store. Why would I go to Ulta for lip gloss or primer I can find at CVS? I go to Ulta because of things like Anastasia tweezers and brow gel and Smashbox primer...now all of which are ineligible for my rare 20% coupon -- which lasts for no more than 5 days. Ugh.And I confess -- a total first world problem -- but it was a painful realization that Sephora offers points for each dollar you spend and if you spend $350 or more you like a VIP member that gets more samples or something and if you spend $500 or more you can redeem those points for actual products. What have I been doing shopping at Ulta the past two years? Where did I go wrong? Why did no one led me to Sephora? That's it, I refuse to grieve over Ulta and I officially  force myself into the acceptance phase of this process. I agree with the others: the layout of this store is a nightmare. I always spend like an hour in here for 3 products because everything is either messy or just difficult to find. (And don't even try the Ulta on Tatum, that place is a nightmare maze of a store).I'm done with Ulta for the most part. They still carry the Eylure eyelashes which I love -- although they are usually out of stock one almost all styles. If I find Sephora carries eyelashes than it's goodbye for sure.I don't know why I keep coming to this, I always think "this time it will be different", but it never is. They are extremely overpriced and the smell of perfuming is like a brick upside your head. I only use Dermalogica products so the 20% off coupon is useless for me and I can buy OPI & Essie nail polishes at Target. I think I've finally learned my lesson and will stop expecting more from this establishment.I went there to get my eyebrows done and I decided to get my lip waxed. I have an almond allergy and they used almond oil on my lip without telling me first. I started itching badly and finally asked her what they used and she said almond oil. Considering many people have a nut allergy they should switch to a different type of oil. My eyebrows did turn out well but they didn't comp me for the lip wax which is why I won't go back. I didn't make a huge deal about it when I left but by principal alone they should have tried to make things right. Where has the quality gone?I like it here because I can look around and not feel pressured like I will at a makeup counter in a department store.Wish they carried more organic brands.I asked Maegan a question if they had a product in stock since the shelf was empty and she straight out said NO. Not, "I'll check another store" or "maybe we have some in the back" but a stern NO.Sorry I asked!Went in to ask if someone could trim my daughter's bangs (she's 2). The lady at the desk had a little bit of a stand offish attitude. She said they could fit her in in an hour, but they would charge the full $25 junior cut, even though it was just the bangs. Really?! If I walked into the nicest salon in scottsdale they wouldn't charge me $25 to trim my daughter's bangs. So inconvenient and not willing to be flexible with a customer. I will try not to do my Ulta shopping at this location. Plus, their interior needs an update.I should really write two reviews. I received a tattoo from Tami who is phenomenal. The problem is the other tattoo I received from the gentleman who's name I sadly can't remember. Him penciling me in at the end of his day as a walk in should have been a red flag. All I received was the Watchmen smiley on my inner arm. Well - something resembling it. Maybe I'm crazy but I don't remember circles having straight edges. He couldn't even manage to get the bloodstain correct. To top it all off the whole thing is a scar from him carelessly carving into my arm. Tami is good but she should find a new home, I couldn't go to a place that trusts such horrible artists.Customer service was so so. Unfortunately for my girlfriend though, the tattoo work was so so as well. She received one by mark. A simple corvette symbol. The shading is splotchy and the lines are not straight. Disappointing considering how simple of a tattoo it is. Keep shopping.The men's selection was pretty awful in my opinion - but of course, taste is subjective. The shoes are all stacked up on cardboard boxes turned shelving... I joked that "they're passing the savings on to us." There are much better discount shoe emporiums out there as far as I'm concerned. I won't be going back. The girl I was with felt about the same, but she was also feeling pissy - so it could've been that. *shrug*I can't say I'm much of a fan of this shoe store. The prices are pretty high and.. This may seem mean.. But they only seem to carry "old lady shoes". For all the times I've wandered in here, I have never actually felt drawn to any one pair. I always leave empty handed. Recently, they just got in their Fall boot selection, and there are actually a few pairs I would buy, and the prices are actually pretty good! Right around $100.So, basically, if you're 55+ and have money to blow on overpriced flats, this is the shoe store for you.Tacky, but not tacky enough to be fun. I'm all for cheesy rhinestone belts and bedazzled t-shirts but this store only carries overpriced goods for aging teenager wannabes (read: cougars). But I might be biased because I really am confused by the people from Electric Ladyland and they own this place too.This is not good Asian food.  The veggie stir fry was terrible.  The rice was deplorable.  The hot and sour soup was very good - a bright spot on the menu.  If I was ever forced to come here again, I would order that.  Otherwise, this is genericized Asia food that is no better than the take out you could get at any mall in any state in the U.S.  And, the service was slow.  Not terrible.  Just kind of absent.I ate there on a friend's recommendation; I won't be asking for any for anymore recommendations.  The two dishes I tried were both overly salty, I'm guessing to mask the flavor.  The quality of food just wasn't that good.  If you looking for food of this nature (un-authentic Chinese), give Pei-Wei or PF Changs a try instead.  They're much, much better.Sorry Flo, but I won't be coming back to this location..  The food was totally uninspired & bland as can be.  It's amazing that  even though it's the same restaurant, the Flo's on Thompson Peak is SO much better!This is what we had:  1) wonton soup:  watered down tasteless broth, HUGE slivers of pork which was kinda gross and wontons that were 99%skin and 1% meat  2) hot & sour soup:  it was just OKay  3) mapo tofu:   salty, starchy, &  sauce had NO flavor 4) pepper beef:  tasteless and again salty.  It tasted like soy sauce and not much of anything else.The 2 stars are for the service and the miso salad dressing.  it was good but the herbal vinegarette at TP location is SO much better!!We had dinner with another couple at Flo's, based on the reviews we read here. Unfortunately, 2 stars is about all I can muster. The food was as lackluster as the service. Spring rolls were quite greasy (meaning they hadn't been drained adequately at best); and the four dishes we tried were distinctly uninspired. Flo's would certainly not be my first choice for Asian food in the Valley. And I doubt that anyone in our party will be returning. If you're searching for impressive Asian cuisine, skip this place.I've been to Flo's multiple times and not had a super positive experience.I ordered the "spicy thai coconut milk soup" assuming it was tom ka and the soup that came out was more like orange-colored hot water. No taste, no spice either. It looked akin to the plastic heatable containers of tomato soup you can buy at a grocery store. I've also ordered with brown rice before and was served white rice, which was easy to fix but in retrospect, another negative mark. I came here with my parents once and ordered hot green tea which came as a small cup (and only a small cup) and that showed up on the bill as like $2. Then the potstickers are like $5 for 4 of them and they're probably just potstickers purchased from the nearby Trader Joe's market. To be honest, the only reason why I even come here now is because someone else is paying.Not impressed with this restaurant at all. Their menu is small, their iced tea was disgusting, and their chicken fried rice was horribly bland. I didn't even order anything because nothing appealed to me on their menu. My husband did enjoy his meal, chicken lo mein, I think it was, so that's why I didn't give it only 1 star. For the amount we paid, we could've gone to a hole in the wall take out Chinese place and gotten 3 times the amount of food with a lot more flavor, and a lot more of a selection. The atmosphere is very nice.Food is OK - sometimes good - used to be great.  The service is terrible and a 25 minute wait for lunch on Saturday at 1:00?  Seriously?  It seems the restaurant relies on takeout - hostess ignored folks waiting to get on the wait list (irony intended) to serve carryout customers - could the tips have an influence?

"Yes" ...definitely don't want guacamole in an Italian BMT.

By the second week they started to get nicer but I'm not sure if it was bi-polar behavior or they just felt bad because they couldn't fix it.So anyway, I am giving them a star for the effort but I'd expect more from the experts. Not really what I would consider a good experience with this business.This place is mediocre at best. Pizza is only good hot and loses its consistency as it gets cooler.Wings are your normal franks red hot and lucky if the big ones are cooked all the way.

Not hot food

I hoping their food continues to be decent so I have a good Asian place near me but I don't know I they'll be worth the hassle and the wait.service were ok,,  food was horribleMight help if they know what their advertising. The cashier didn't even know what I was talking about when I mentioned the yelp post...upsetting. Food was pretty good thoThe Food is great, the service is slow & the  a/c doesn't work. An it's been that way for a while. I think they need to go the Food Network & have restaurant makeover!It is ridiculous how long you have to wait for a chicken teriyaki bowl ... Like 45 minute wait time when theres no one in the lobby ? Plus the guy that took our order was so rude , when we tried to add something to the order he was like "what do you want" terrible service and the bowl was "ok" teriyaki maddness next time smhThe drinks aren't that bad, but the wait time is ridiculous? 30 minutes for a boba drink. Come on!! They don't apologize or anything.I had eaten here in 2014 and it was an experience... thought i would give it another as maybe they were having a bad day.  I had the BBQ pork vermicelli (it tasted old) pork was chewy and fatty wasn't impressed same experience i had before! dinning room and bathroom was also dirty again. wont be back for a third time.A year ago this place was GREAT. Now its a shithole with terrible customer service.  They upcharge once you arrive to pick up your food even though the online receipt includes the items.  The first time we figured it was a mistake, the second time in a row was unacceptable.

An ein gemtliches Jubi-Essen war nicht wirklich zu denken. Dafr war es vieeeel zu laut.Hier geht leider die Anzahl an Pltzen auf Kosten der Gste und Gemtlichlichkeit.Sehr schade.Im Sommer zum Drauen sitzen sicher nett, kann ich nicht beurteilen, ebenso wie die sanitren Einrichtungen, da beides von uns nicht genutzt wurde und auch wohl nicht mehr getestet wird.

me: no thank you

The other wedding party was disappointed with their hair. Nats flying around in there because of the orange juice for mimosas. Yuck hope I don't have bugs in my drink.

I hear the zipparita are great but never tried them...This place used to be one that I would look forward to visiting when I am on town. Unfortunately, when it is game day the food is mediocre at best and the service...well it is poor. Our server is no where to be found. Zipps should be called Zapps... When the crowd thins it doesn't get better. Next time I'll just go to Dukes.Poor service, and food not as good as other locations. Iced tea even watered down.

- They start you off with a basket of bread and this is probably the best thing in the restaurant (sad to say). The jalapeno and the blue berry bread were quite interesting and delicious.- I ordered the shrimp tamale and it was mediocre. I've had better.- The Mexican Spiced Pork Tenderloin Sandwich was not the best. The bread was quite hard so I couldn't enjoy the sandwich.

Cleanliness:  seemed okay on the surface but there was a strong soiled rag smell and it got stronger as they were clearing the tables.  Can the busboy not smell that?

Strawberry syrup with crushed ice. It was so sweet I had to ask for water and pour half it in there to dilute it. I didn't bother complaining because I fixed it with water. Other than that the wings were slightly over cooked and I loved the squid balls.I have been here a couple of times because it's convenient to the surrounding restaurants in the same complex that do not have boba. Sadly every time I have received next to no service. Once we even waited 45 mins to pay for our bill.The drinks themselves are decent but a little too sweet. The milk teas and teas (in which I usually get) isn't too bad. They do have a really large menu with tons of variety on both drinks and appetizers.If you do plan to visit this establishment, expect to see your waitress when you take your order, when they give you your drinks, and maybe when they come to pick up the $$ for your bill. More than once I had to literally walk up to the register to pay for our tab since they were taking really long.It was around 11PM on a Saturday night in Vegas and I couldn't go out clubbing since I was with my mom, so my friend that lives in Vegas and I decided to just grab some boba. However, the majority of the boba places in Vegas close around 9 and Tea Station was the only place that was opened, so we flocked there.THE DETAILS: Located around China Town I believe. It was really easy to find and so was parking. The shop was pretty narrow, but there was quite a lot of seating area. The decor was standard, nothing special stood out to me. There was a wall with lots of tea displayed that caught my attention though. It's open later than the rest of the other boba places, so that's a plus. The workers are friendly. The prices for the drinks are overpriced to me. $10 for two drinks. THE DRINK: I didn't want to drink anything heavy like milk tea, so I ordered something on the lighter side.--Iced Chrysanthemum tea: Okay, so this might be my fault because I asked for Chrysanthemum tea without sweetener, so it was very, very bitter. I'm used to the bitter taste of tea and I actually enjoy it, but this tea was so bad. I've had unsweetened chrysanthemum tea before and it did not taste like what I received from here. I still drank it because it was refreshing nonetheless, but it wasn't as good as I thought it would be.THE END? I took a sip of my friend's regular milk tea and I thought it was alright; I probably wouldn't return though. Unless of course, I'm with my mom, it's 11 at night, and I'm not at the club.Call me spoiled but I'm used to the land of boba and milk tea, Los Angeles. I guess that makes me a boba snob? Is that even a thing? I guess it can be. I'm still trying to find a good place for boba, teas and snacks in Vegas and my quest has come up with nothing so far. I tried Tea Station out one afternoon after having lunch with some friends in Chinatown. I've been to the ones in SoCal before and expected it to be pretty much the same thing. I guess it was okay. I had a green milk tea with grass jelly regular size and it came out to about $5.. It was a little pricey and the grass jelly was just alright.However, this place has a HUGE menu and selection of teas, milk teas, smoothies, etc and a food menu as well! I think if I were to come back, I want to try their popcorn chicken (Chinese popcorn chicken, mind you) which I have been craving!Tea Station is in the same plaza as Ichiza and parking can be a toughie sometimes since there are a very limited number of spots in the plaza so may the parking deities be with you on your quest as well!How terrible is this place? Their service is terrible. Their pricing is okay since they're in China town.The fact that they monopolize on the late night "coffee cafe" market is their main selling point. I've never encountered a pleasant employee.It feels like they have no expectations for their staff to provide any sort of service.Their Thai tea is okay. I wouldn't believe it if someone told me it was brewed in house.I've been here about 5 times and never by my own free will.  The one thing I'll give them is their takoyaki is okay.Their iced green teas are good.My teen kids bug me to stopped for BOBA tea all my way to go to work.They were hungry but i plan to cook for them.They said mommy please just boba tea.Then I said OK.But once they saw the menu that have attractive colorful all pictures of nice looking food again they said they wanted to try.End up with 3 cups boba teas and 3 entrees.And they did not touch the food after first bite.I tried to make them eat but they refuse said the food have to taste.And I sipped my honeydew smoothie with boba.What a fool i was.When i have fresh cut Honey dew at my fringe why did I spent $60 for artificial Honey dew power with iced.People just learn and live.Give two star for fast service and very nice chewy boba.Food is awesome!!!!...service two thumbs down! Sat ourselves after about 10 minutes got up to look for a server. Then had to ask for our check. They can not communicate with the customers. They are speaking amongst each other as they are in their own world. No personality!!While the food menu looked enticing, all we wanted that day before heading to the airport and leaving Vegas was an Iced King's Tea, but we were told they're all out. Our theory since seeing the many canisters of King's Tea Leaves on the shelf, is that they didn't want to break into a new canister to brew one for us. Not cool; especially that's one of the most expensive drinks on the menu.So we settled on the Iced lemon Green Tea which was loaded with sugar, more awful than modern day American coffee shops' sugary caffeine drinks. Not to mention how long it took for us to receive the order (did I mention I had a plane to catch?) Ugh!~This is my go-to tea spot mainly because no other boba place will be open as late as they do.It's a nice place to hang out and the tea is good. Service is very sub par. It takes a while to get the attention of a waiter and they have messed up a few of my orders in the past. Prices are high but people pay for the convenience of a late night tea spot. I think China town should open another late night boba spot to give this place some competition. Make sure you double check your order with whoever is taking it. Today they didn't gave me my tea hot when we asked for ice and they didn't want to remake it because it was 10 mins to closing so they gave us tiny cups with some ice and expected us to make due with it. Needless to say I left pretty annoyed.The only reason they even received 2 stars was due to the drinks. The service and food quality was definitely not even close to good.     The drinks were good: the boba was very fresh and chewy, and the tea was fresh and not powdered.      Food: Since I sat near the kitchen, I could see the way they prepared my food. Both of the rice dishes we ordered were prepared by MICROWAVE. In a PLASTIC container. Not only is that not fresh nor sanitary, plastic is not good for health. The only good thing was the noodles; they were prepared on the stove. However, the type of noodles we ordered were out of stock. Yet, the waitress didn't even apologize, just told us there was only the other type.      Service: Literally they threw down the utensils. Also, when saying "thank you" to them, they don't even respond with a smile, let alone with a "you're welcome".       Overall, if you're just dropping by to get drinks, go ahead. But I don't recommend ordering food dishes.Only putting two stars because I like boba, other than that their customer service is garbage, they are flat out rude and make you feel uncomfortable because it is obvious they are talking badly about you in their language, even the manager isn't professionalAre y'all niggas hiring?! I strongly feel that you guys could use new servers, or train your current ones if possible. Don't get me wrong, I love your food and your drinks, but every time I come here, it usually takes about 30-40 minutes for your staff to take my order.I came in to try tea station because my usual place had already closed for the evening. Without saying hello first, one of the workers barked a "for here or to go?!" at me. I said to go, and he looked slightly relieved and handed me a menu. Maybe they get a lot of those last minute "hangout" customers, but that is still no reason to make me feel unwelcome (I was there almost half an hour before closing).I ordered the large green milk tea with boba. There are a LOT of choices here, as well as a full food menu. I paid a little over $6 for my tea, which was brewed well but unremarkable otherwise. Unfriendly staff and average milk tea means that I won't be in a hurry to come back here again.Was very excited to try this place because i love boba and this place had good reviews. It wasn't that great and it was very expensive. I got the honey dew slush with boba and it was 9 dollars... The boba was still frozen and was super hard to get down.TEA: 3.5 stars.  Good, but not remarkable.  I appreciated finding this place after moving here from Hawaii where I had to leave my favorite tea place on earth (Tea Boss!). If you have tea blends that they don't offer, don't even try to ask if they could replicate a similar blend. They'll look at you confused like you're an alien and say "No." With a blank stare. FOOD: 1 star.  I usually come here after having dinner somewhere else nearby. The first and last time I order food- I had the peanut butter toast which to no exaggeration, burned my mouth, melted my fork and knife and was burned around the edges.  Obviously cooking is way too long and too high of a heat. I was disappointed and in obvious pain and confused as to why the heat was so high.  All I could ask was whyyyyyy, but when I wanted to ask someone about it, they were ignoring me.  The part that I did eat that wasn't burnt and I regained feeling in my mouth again, was okay- but I mean it's peanut butter on Asian toast. SERVICE: -10 stars. Customer service is nonexistent.  I feel it's just that the teens that work here are hella young, weren't trained, the establishment doesn't make customer service a priority anyway, and because English is obviously a second language, you may want to make extra extra sure that they understand what you're trying to order because I've seen several other patrons get stuff they didn't order because of miscommunication. Luckily for Tea Station, the patrons were accommodating and took whatever

I doubt that we will return here, although in the past we came many times. It has deteriorated a lot.After sitting down, the waitress arrived at our table, and stated that she will take our order even though she is not going to be our waitress, as we ordered she appeared annoyed, and her response as I ordered was less than professional, I did not get her name.In addition, there was only four more people in the restaurant and our food took 37 minutes to arrive. The waiter that was working the table next to us helped deliver the food with the waitress, after that she disappeared the waiter finished taking care of us, he was very professional with excellent people skills.I went here with a group of friends expecting a great evening out. I was very disappointed. I got the filet which was good but not excellent. We had an appetizer and we each had a salad or soup. Our entrees were followed by a desert. None of which we were impressed by. The services was extremely disappointing. We waited a very long time for our drinks. Then we asked the waiter to let us finish our first drink before we ordered. He kept returning and asking if we wanted to order. To which we replied "no, we would like to finish our drink". After the 5th time we finally felt pressured to order. When the meal came to a close the waiter brought the check and stood and waited for us to pay while we were finishing our drinks. I then asked if we were holding him up. To which he he replied no. Yet he continued to stand there. After about 5-7 minutes of him standing at our table we were so uncomfortable we decided to just pay the check so he would leave. Needless to say we felt very awkward and will never return.Service wasn't the best. Took over an hour to receive our food and drinks. Although the server was a pleasant man, he awkwardly watched us pay even when we were giving him a tip which seems a little odd to me. The food is a little pricey. But, simply amazing in taste.So I usually never post negative reviews on yelp but I am pretty upset about my experience at Sonoma Grille. I booked a dinner reservation for 10 girls for my friends Bachelorette Party back in April. Keep in mind the reservation was made in February (over two months in advance). Since it was a special occasion I was contacted by their Event Planning & Sales Coordinator. We were promised a great experience and it wasn't impressive to say the least. When we arrived for dinner they lost our reservation. We had to wait 25 minutes until they could figure out where to put us - since the restaurant was full they basically pushed a few tables together in front to accommodate us which ended up being fine. The Manager was very apologetic and comped us two bottles of champagne which was nice. He kept apologizing and saying we were going to have the best night ever and they were going to make it up to us.... That's when things went down hill. We ordered a couple bottles of wine which we had to wait over 20 minutes for. When the appetizers came it was another 45 minutes until we received our entrees. The service was so slow. I understand that our server received another 10 top that he wasn't expecting; however, they certainly weren't "making it up" to us as promised. The food was tasty - that was probably the only positive thing about the experience. Dishes piled up in front of us - they were not cleared in between the appetizers and dinner. For as much as we spent there I definitely expected better service. I definitely will not be going back. I wouldn't have written this review if Sonoma would have gotten back to me after I had sent an e-mail following our experience. I can't believe that my e-mail was never returned. Just overall poor customer service.This place was not worth the price or the good reviews. The server kept trying to push extra food and drinks on us, when what we ordered was mediocre at best - overly salty, overly seasoned. Best to avoid this place altogether if you'd like good food.Ugh. Walked in without a reservation, so we excepted a slight wait, but were made to lounge around for 20+ minutes when there were clearly at least a dozen open tables. The wait almost seemed punitive (a feeling encouraged by the eye-rolling hostess). Tan, dated look inside - reminiscent of a 90s Olive Garden (without the slight faux-Italy charm) - and kind, but frankly slow service. Had the Indonesian duck, which we were told was the star of the menu. Some star. Ample duck but uninspired flavor. Sides seemed like an afterthought. The connection to California was a bit of a charade.Food was good. Service left much to be desired. We had a work function with approximately 12 attendees and neither the management nor the waitstaff had the foresight to provide us with a dedicated waitress. Sat for over 45 minutes after giving the waitress our drink order before she took our appetizer order. By the time she got around to getting our dinner order they were out of their most popular items. Sorely disappointed. Maybe ok for small parties. If you're planning to go with a large group. Make other plans. Many other nice places to go in Pittsburgh.After a Steelers game and a restaurant half full, received excuse after excuse as the service was slow, food slower and we ordered cheese plates and soup.Waiters tried, this place ill equipped to be successful.So disappointed.  When we first arrived, 7:15 on a Friday night, the restaurant is empty and we had to wait for them to set our table.  I realize that the theater crowd just left but with the people all gone how long does it take to reset a table of 4 for a 7:45 reservation. Then, while setting the table the hostess set all the glasses by touching the rims.  Yuck. So the ladies ordered glasses of wine and the men Woodford and ginger ale. The waitress came back and said they only had enough Woodford for one drink!  They would have been better off saying they didn't have Woodford as it was more like enough for 1/2 of a drink. We ordered an appetizer to share and our meals. The waitress came back again and said they were out of shrimp so one person had to order a second choice but she made no mention of what they would do with the appetizer as it had shrimp on it also. When we asked she said they were going to substitute calamari. The food was decent but the experience was terrible. They have lost a customer.It had been a while since I've been to Sonoma Grill but I suggested it as a place to meet some out of town friends for an early lunch. They wanted to meet somewhere at 11:00 in order to hit the road and Sonoma opens for lunch at 11:00. Notice I said "opens" and not serves. More on that in a bit. Every time I walk in here I think, wow, I really should come here more often. This really is a nice space! Great bar, very good wine list, nice atmosphere. Why don't I come here more often? Then I order the food and that question gets answered. This visit reinforced my opinion on the food. The lunch menu was presented as soon as we sat down and looked really good. All four of us made our choices and waited for our server which took a few minutes and placed our order. Then we waited. And waited. 40 minutes go by and we haven't seen her at all. Knowing my friends chose an early lunch for a reason, I started looking for her and finally got her attention. I asked her what was happening with our food and she went to check. I also noticed that two tables who came in before us didn't have their food either. This is 45 minutes. So let me just say service was pitiful. When the food did come it wasn't good. The "bowl" of curry chicken soup was pretty much a cup size and not particularly tasty. And it was barely lukewarm.  My soft shell crab Po Boy was a nicely sliced bun stuffed with lettuce, slaw and slathered in remoulade (read mayonnaise). I had a hard time finding more than a bite of soft shell crab in there. I didn't know a soft shell crab could provide multiple servings. It was NOT good. In summary, it's a good place to sit at the bar and have a drink. I don't recommend it for food. Or service. There are far better places nearby.First time to Pittsburgh, and I decided to give Sonoma Grille a try. It was a beautiful day and the restaurant had a nice, fine-dining atmosphere. I went here as a single guest and waited for several minutes at the hostess table to be seated. The restaurant aside from a larger business party in the rear of the room was pretty much deserted. A new hire came up to me and said "Has no one been over here to seat you?" So she took me to my table, where I sat for 20 minutes before I decided that no one was going to take my order. I went to the bar and requested a waitress. I had a white wine, Sonoma Salad and sorbet. The sorbet made it to my table first, which didn't bother me but still unexpected. Then the salad came...so I take responsibility for not reading the menu in regards to the "tapas" but it was a very small salad for $9.00. The food was good and the service was spotty (I think I just came at a weird time and I was alone). There are several great restaurants around this area so it seems, so I guess it depends what you are looking for, but I won't be going back anytime soonDisappointing. Perhaps we were the wrong audience as we actually have been to Sonoma. We were staying next door at the Marriott and looking for a restaurant that had less heavy entrees and more healthy options and the menu and decor seemed inviting. The salads were fine, one had unusual ingredients, but the other just basic packaged greens. However the entrees were disappointing. Grilled fish on stir fried vegetables seems hard to damage, but these stir fried vegetables were floating in a sweet sauce and the 4 oz portion of sea bass was just a tiny end. It is rare that I leave a restaurant hungry but I did. What was troubling was one of the wines (ordered by the glas) had been stored improperly and tasted old. It is far less active than the other restaurants on the block, perhaps for a reason.Located in Boca Park on Rampart Boulevard, Summerlin. This upscale Vietnamese, multimillion dollar restaurant is drop dead gorgeous with beautiful art work displayed throughout, a waterfall and fish swimming under a section of the floor. We were under time constraints so we decided to pass on appetizers and salads. I ordered the grilled tiger prawns served with their famous garlic noodles. My wife's entre - Mama's ginger steamed sea bass served with fresh ginger, shitake mushrooms and scallions was on the bland side. Overall we loved the restaurant's dcor as well as the service, but felt the food was slightly disappointing given the MSRP on the menu.Sorry fellow Yelpers, but I went yesterday and I just did not experience what you all did.  The atmosphere was a quaint little locally owned place with a bakery/grocery attached and lively music which I loved-GREAT change of place from all the corporate and bland white bread places in the Valley.

The selection of things wasn't that impressive.  Nothing to burn sage in, and the stones were on the pricey side.  But what got me most was feeling myself being "read", sized up really, with an energy that felt nosy but not helpful.  Wasn't just me.  As we left the person I was with commented on it too.Scans of tumors read as cancer.  Removed kidney that had non-cancerous tumor and did not let patient know the result of tissue samples for 2 weeks while you are sitting and waiting for cancer or no cancer.  Could not obtain result while in hospital (asked on numerous occasions) and  had to wait until followup appt.  After surgery,  did not meet with family (had busy schedule and had to leave) and hospital visits were always with unknown associates.   Not very in tune with a patient's need to know.  Surgery was done with hand assisted robot; good recovery time and seems competent in surgery and new techniques.I have gone here for years and I was very happy. The staff was awesome my dentist was nice and calming. I never had any major troubles except one time I had a superficial cavity which was easily filled. However, I came in this time and my dentist mysteriously retired (no notice to me) my hygienist retired (she was only in her 30's?) and the receptionist retired (she was a little older but not of retirement age.) I don't know what happened but this isn't a nail salon. You can't just change out the staff and especially the dentist without warning me. Then, the new receptionist required me to take a web cam photo? and then fill out a lengthy health questionnaire. Why wasn't this in their records?I told them no thanks and left before my appointment. I will do some research and make my own decisions on who will work on my teeth.In summary, I was a fan before but now I've experienced better.It's been said that pizza is like sex: when it's good it's really good, and when its bad it's still pretty good. Well, I definitely wasn't wearing my "O face" when I left this pizza buffet. I came here to have lunch with Rand H (I see myself as the apprentice of the Buffet Master of the Valley). The pizzas were not horrid but all were too salty for me and seemed to taste the same no matter what the topping ... except for the taco pizza, which had lettuce and corn chips on it. All of them had so much oil that I could have lubed my car with the slices I had for lunch. The salad bar was OK, and our meal ended with a soft-serve ice cream cone - and we weren't allowed to serve ourselves for this dessert.  And the bill, with tax, came to ten bucks flat! I got so much more food choices and much better quality food at The Pizza Buffet and Much Much More, at half the price! LJ's was an interesting place to go to: it seems to have been there forever and seems to have a loyal following from the neighborhood. But because of the quality of the food and the outrageous price, this will be my one and only visit to this place.Not very good. Lady behind the counter was really standoffish while I was asking my questions. Best part of the whole meal was the side of sliced avocado. Beans and rice were unflavorful and the beans taste canned. However they gave me a ton of food, so if you like quantity over quality this place might be good for you.My wife and I stopped here for a quick bite while we were in Mesa just for the night.  I ordered the fish tacos and a Birria taco.  My wife ordered the green chili pork burrito.  None of them tasted that good...compared to many similar taco joints I've been to in the past.  The fish tacos for instance simply had way too much stuff on top which made it difficult to eat.  Sorry this was a miss for us however I do give them at least 2 stars for packaging everything so nicely on our to-go order.My dog Kipper had severe diarrhea for over a week and started to loose weight. After doing the obvious things at home first, I felt it best to take him in and have a professional evaluation. I called Mesa Northeast as they had good reviews on yelp. They said that I could bring him in for a drop off and the vet could see him in between visits, etc. Great! I dropped him off and received a call from the vet a little while later. She tells me that Kipper's exam was pretty normal (minus some teeth issues) and that they would need to do a blood test. If the blood work came back normal, they would need to do x-rays. Okay, sounds good to me. She tells me it will be $380. Well, that seems a bit high to me but my dog is sick so I didn't really care that much. She calls back 10 mins later and tells me his blood work looks great. Ok. 40 mins later, I get a call...x-rays look great. Ok...so what's wrong with him? They don't know...but you can come get him. We will put him on meds, meds for vomiting (even though he wasn't), food, more meds. Okay....this sounds odd to me that they don't even know what's wrong with him. I show up to pick him up and the lady at the front proceeds to give me a small bag, my dog and tells me it will be $515 and change. Ummm, what? The vet said $380...oh, well, there is all the meds and shots and you will need to bring back a stool sample etc... So I ask if I can pay half and pay the rest off next month. They can do that, but they charge extra. So, I pay with my credit card. $515 later, I have no idea what's wrong with my dog and I'm sent on my way. I was upset with the cost but I want to know what is wrong with my dog. I took the stool sample back a few days later when I could get something (because it's just brown water) and the lady at the front desk tells me that they will call me the following day. No call. I call them and they are closed.  It's been 6 days since he's been there and he's lost more weight...he is very ill and I'm so worried about him and they are closed for another 2 days. Seriously, they didn't even call back to see how he was doing or about the stool sample. This is not good service even if the prices were good, and they are not. You can do better than this place!Just got a Royal Oreo Blizzard. What made it royal was it had caramel in it. Was told its 70 cents more because it is a Royal Blizzard. Got home and started eating it and there was about 1/2 teaspoon of caramel in it. And all the chocolate was in one lump at the bottom. Worse Blizzard I have ever eaten and ripped off by the price!Hello I visited Mesa/Gilbert Store #22 on University and Gilbert during my louch hour today. Upon entering the store I was not acknowledged by either employee behind he counter. They both looked at me but never asked Hi or how I was doing. Upon approaching the counter the gentelmen continued to look at me like I was an alien(Maybe he had never seen a Nurse before?) and waited for me to order. I did not even know he was waiting for me to order because he didn't bother to sa "What can I get for you today?" Like all of the other locations I have visited usually ask. Upon receiveing my watery and chunky smoothie I told him thanks and he replied with a simple "Mmhmmp". As the lady behind me approached the counter he then greeted her with a "Hi, how are you doing." Why was I not greeted in this same respect?To me this demonstrated poor customer service and I felt completely unwelcome in the store. Why would I continue to spend my money if I am obviously not appreciated as a customer? I love Jamba Juice but won't visit this location again because of the poor customer service I received. I also hope that when you train future employee's you teach them to not only acknowledge when patrons enter the store but also good customer service techniques as this is just as important as making a good smoothie.

We are a group of women in our late 20s and early 30s and we found it to be way too dark in the restaurant. So much so, I found it difficult to read my menu. I hardly have problems with my eye sight and as I looked around everyone was squinting at their menus. It has a great vibe and beautifully decorated with Edison bulbs and modern touches but starting things off there was already the frustration with hardly being able to see.The waitress was very clear that it is small plates and she recommended that each person order two or three items. It took about ten minutes to be asked for our drink order after being seated and what we wanted to see was a drink menu. The waitress came back with one drink menu for the nine of us. So we passed it around since she left us quickly and came back another ten minutes later. The waitress did her job but not much engagement or level of care beyond that. A primary issue seemed to be the service.Service

There was this make-your-own taco section that i didn't try.

One saving grace: the shrimp was good, but it was cold since it sat around waiting for my salad.

But the shower was fine and there was a hair-dryer provided. A bath would have been an option if you had brought your own plug as one was not provided (the sink didn't have one either). It's easy to complain about the place, but it's essentially very basic accommodation (think hostel) in a good downtown location. If you can stand it for a night it's OK, but I don't think I'd consider staying there again.Oh - and forget the breakfast option - it's basically a stale muffin and a bottle of juice. It's really not worth considering when you can go round the corner to the sports bar where they have a great choice of breakfasts.The place looks good inside, however the quality of the sushi is really so-so... As well, for the price you pay, you may as well go to another restaurant downtown to get better sushi.Not worth the price and I dunno how they are still open especially on nuns island! They have a competitor sushi palace just across!It was alright. But for the prices they have, I had expected something a little better.Tomato cream soup was good! The steak is so-so.Overall impression: not too bad but could be better.We were staying at a hotel down the street and planned to have our first French dinner at this place.  We arrived about an hour before the posted closing time and upon arrival we were told they were closed.  We walked around the neighborhood looking for somewhere else and on the way back, saw new people being served, seated in the window, who hadn't been there before.I was not particularly impressed with this place.  The meal started out promising enough with the goat cheese appetizer.  However, my cod entree with potatoes was served with some sort of sauce that I could not quite describe.  Perhaps I just didn't suit my taste, but it just wasn't that good.  The service was friendly, if a bit slow at times, especially considering there were only like four tables eating at the restaurant (we got there after 10PM).  The upstairs bar and downstairs bars were packed, so perhaps this is more of a nightlife location as opposed to a dining location.My coworkers came here for dinner our first night in Montreal (a Monday) and were not impressed. Apparently on Sunday & Monday the regular restaurant is closed so there is only a bar menu.We didn't realize this until we sat down after just sprinting in to get out of a thunderstorm. The decor is the nicest part - modern and funky with nice open windows (luckily the rain wasn't coming in!) and a good view of Crescent St. There was only one waitress working who was doing her best (to be fair), but she needed help. She was scrambling around and we had to track her down for everything from menus to ordering and getting the check.Food was kind of a joke. The menu was not cohesive or complementary at all. Charcuterie plates, hamburgers, and grilled cheese? Prices were also ridiculous (the grilled cheese was $1 more than the hamburger?) and not worth it. I'd stay away.Was there yesterday, service was not good. Food

Drinks have a faint taste of pineapple and coconut.

I hit up C4 for the Yelp event and I did enjoy myself....however this was after about 4 drinks at FEZ.  Its not really your typical hotel lounge, its more of a bar.  (Even in comparison to other boutique hotel lounges, like the Charlesmark in Boston, I have to say it doesn't give you that relaxed hotel lounge feeling.)   It stands in stark contrast to other places I've been to downtown such as Roosevelt and Lost Leaf.    I hate to say it but I felt like it was generic trendy...almost amateur.  (The paint job was shoddy and the ladies room was pretty atrocious.  I remarked to my husband that it reminded me of the bathroom at his fraternity house.  Not a good thing). I didn't sample any of the apps, although they looked great and I know *some* people were very excited about the vegetarian options.  ;)  The Asian pear martini was delicious though.  Delicious and dangerous.  I did order one Vodka/Red Bull and the bartender tried to psyche me out telling me it was $22.  Oh, and they should also try to secure their Pokemon paintings to the wall better.  I don't know.  For me it has a bit of an identity crisis.  Not quite a hotel lounge, not a dive bar, not quite a trendy spot.  What are you C4?!

The clothes are sometimes neatly folded, but usually a mess.

Next time I reather go to umc or somewhere else but defenetly not here.I've came to this place several times. Every time I go, the wait is worse. I'm done going to this place. Last time I was there. I got there & they told me the wait would be 20 minutes. 40 min go by & I asked again, she told me about 20 min Bc I just checked in. Which is strange Bc I've been here 40 min, so they are slow with paperwork!

We waited over a 1/2 hour to get our food order taken which didn't start off being a big deal because we were enjoying the band and our Bloody Caesars. Once the orders were placed, we waited another 1/2 hour - 45 minutes to get our food. Unfortunately, once the food did come out, my omelet was missing. The server was very apologetic and said she would get it right away. One of my friends who is regular there pointed out the owner and suggested that I let him know what was going on. It was painfully obvious that they were busy as the owner, Wes was also assisting in service. I approached him and very kindly let him know that we love the restaurant and band and are having a great time but that I had to wait exceptionally long for my food and my omelet had still not arrived while my friends had already finished their food. Instead of an apology, his reply was very condescending, telling me that they are obviously slammed, giving the impression that this was acceptable. I didn't feel like ruining my day or his so I told him that I just wanted to bring it to his attention and that he could do what he felt would be best. Being a manager in the hospitality industry, I thought the feedback would actually have been appreciated.I thought the conversation was over but instead Wes, the owner, proceeded to come back to my table and remind me that they held our table for over 45 minutes and that they accommodate us by seating us on the patio basically acting as if they did us some kind of favor. All of this was untrue of course as I know the reservation was made at 12, which we were all on time for and we had booked it for the patio as my friends go there often.#1 - It is not the customers fault that you are understaffed for a busy, Sunday brunch. They have been open long enough to know their business levels

Dessert section was really good.  Tried about 6 different ones and they were all excellent +1.   Looked over at my kids' plates and I saw the most expensive french fries and chicken nuggets I've ever paid for.  -1 star.

Our appetizer came was different and so yummy!!! Server never came to see how we where....our food came no server nothing...what if I didn't like my food...oh but I had to flag a biased down again for more water even though they have walked by my table 100 times and I know they seen my water empty!!!

Homer W.Bottom Line: Food is great, Service is awful.Well Yelp removed my update, so here I am posting it with more detail. I have been twice since my first review and I have to say that the food remains great and the service has continued to dwindle. Its really sad to see as the food is so tasty at great prices, and I wonder if a manager is reading all the posts about how terrible the service is.During the most recent dining experience, we received awful service. Waited almost 20 minutes until someone came to bring us menus and take our drink order and to even acknowledge us for that matter. Took forever to get our drinks and then took forever to get our food. It was burger night and my honey got a burger and we spent $38 additional dollars on non-burger special items. We had a groupon that was $12 for $20 worth of food that could be used Monday through Thursday, but could not be used on the burger special.Our waitress told us that we could not use the groupon on burger special night. I told her the groupon could be used Mon-Thurs, which includes Tuesday. She went and asked a manager and they said no we could not use it and that there was "no possible way to split the bill" so that the groupon could be used for non-burger items. The manager/bartender came out and when I pulled up the language of the groupon, she said "well I am going to have to split the check then." LOL ...thought you couldn't do that.Additionally, I left my phone on a table outside and realized my phone was missing when I got home. We called the restaurant for them to check to see if it was there and they said "no one has turned one it." I used find my iphone to track it and low and behold...it was at the restaurant. I called back and they once again said "no one has turned in a cellphone." Ummm can you go outside and check?! It was outside on the table where I left it once someone decided to go out and look.I loved this place and am sad to say that the customer service has ruined it for me. My in-laws love this place and it was our go-to sunday night spot so I may come back if I want to expose myself to that awful of service again. Like I said in my first updated review; Bottom line: Food is great, service is awful.The service sucks and it's really overpriced. We came for dinner took a look at the menu ordered the philly steak fries for an Appetizer which were delicious by the way!  Our waitress took forever and the atmosphere was ok at best. Dark bar atmosphere is how I would describe it. It's a place I would go for drinks with a few friends but not dinner.The bloody Marys are great but they are $10.00 a glass so they should be greatso they should be great ...BUT.... They've got maybe 10 customers and 30 staff members and it still takes 45 minutes to get your sandwich delivered.Our food took way too long to come out. When it did, the taquitos where extremely dry as well as the rice along with it. The cheese steak wasn't anything special either. Two of the employees followed each other around like puppy dogs. They where straight up groping each other in front of everybody. They would wipe tables together and he kept reaching across and touching her chest. I get that you might be flirting but That's just not good employee behavior. And then one of the employees loudly shouted "F*CK OFF" in the back towards the end of our meal. All in all the food was way too expensive and then quality just isn't there. Won't be back here.Place was empty except for a few regulars and the ENTIRE staff.  It seemed they were all more interested in talking to each other than serving their guests. Thus, service was not good. I enjoyed the food but not enough to come back.This place looks hopeful on the outside but is actually pretty bad. My maple glazed salmon was very burnt and lacked flavor. The asparagus it came with was pretty disgusting and soggy. The waitress was great and the side Caesar salad I had was good. The experience was horrible simply due to the blasting crappy music as well. Probably don't eat here.Cutter is up on Charleston on the way to R.R. Canyon.  My partner & I had a Groupon so decided to give it a try.  We arrived at 5:00 to a very noisy pub/restaurant with raunchy music that denied anyone a conversation.  I ordered chicken lettuce wraps & he chose a Philly steak sandwich.  It was slow in coming, as were the orders of the couple who arrived before us.  I was ready to wolf it all down (hunger pangs) but alas!  The lettuce pieces were small & the chicken had a sap-sucker sweetness that seared my tongue.  I requested they replace it with the Asian chicken salad.  Not a good idea.  It was made with the limpy Chinese cabbage,  the hard white pieces of regular cabbage, & big square hunks of red bell pepper.  The dressing tasted  straight out of a La Choy bottle, but being so hungry, I devoured most of it.  My partner's Philly steak was on a lackluster bun, contained no green peppers or onions, but the steak fries were good.  Our server was friendly l& anxious to please, though forgot to fill his coffee cup.  I can't give Cutter a better score than a 2 on a 1-5 scale.  And why return?I have eaten here with 4 or 5 friends every Tuesday and Sunday night pretty religiously. The place used to be great. But over the course of our last 5 tries s the food has been horrible. Multiple items returned on multiple trips by multiple people in the group. I mean one night a burger was sent back 3 times from one person. The cooks CAN NOT cook meat. I have yet to receive a properly cooked steak. Medium arrives with no pink. Medium rare arrives rare. I give up. Last night was the end we all agreed cutters is off the routine. 3 of 5 of us are all in the restaurant business and all are pretty accustomed to mistakes. But this is just ridiculous. We can only imagine the food being wasted in this kitchen as we know we are not the only ones sending food back. On several occasions we have seen quiet a few orders headed back.

Mebbe they think persistence and ignoring my requests will wear me down and I'll start scattering them with largesse.What is actually happening is that I am now telling everyone and his aunt "FOR GOD'S SAKE, DON'T GIVE THEM YOUR CONTACT DETAILS"I am writing this review specifically for the 2011 production of "The Nutcracker." Let me begin by saying that I love ballet. I have seen probably 50 ballets in my lifetime. Most of them in Pittsburgh, some in New York, a few in Vienna. I adore watching the movement, how these beautiful, hard-working people appear to glide on air... mostly because I trip steps and leave high heels stuck in streets (true).This year's Nutcracker was... bad.  And I hate saying that. Why so bad? Here. I'll do the "compliment sandwich."  GOOD: This adaptation of Tchaikovsky's Christmas classic is set in late 19th-century Pittsburgh. It's charming to see elements of Pittsburgh history. Toys magically step out of Kauffman's Christmas catalog. A Heinz truck pulls up in front of the family's Shadyside mansion. One can see the beautiful snow-covered confluence from atop Mount Washington. This was all really nice and gave personal home-y touches to the production. BAD: The director took such dramatic liberties with the show that at some points, the ONLY thought that came to mind was "cluster...." you know the rest. I took boy with me, who had never seen a ballet. The only "Nutcracker" he had ever seen was the Macaulay Culkin version. He too, had no clue what was going on. Essentially, after leaving "Marie's" house and the first act, there is no sense of direction whatsoever. In Tchaikovsky's ballet, the Sugar Plum fairy rules over the Land of Sweets. There, Russian Candy Canes, Chinese Teas, Danish Marzipan, and Arabian Coffee live and dance for Marie and her new wooden boyfriend. The PBT's version of Act II is reminicient of Pinnochio's "Pleasure Island". One has no real idea that the dancers are supposed to be sweets, or why they are dancing for the visiting pair. At one point, the Sugar Plum Fairy gave Marie a tiara as thanks for helping the Nutcracker defeat the Rat King.  But there was so much going on, I barely realized this happened! The director added random butterflies, bumblebees, and hummingbirds... further crowding the strange. From what I understand, this was to incorporate junior ballet students. Frankly, I just found it distracting. GOOD: Drosselmeyer's magic tricks were neat. He was mysterious and sassy... perfect for the role.  Also, the dorky 90's dance moves performed by grandfather were hilarious. That being said, I don't mind "livening" up a ballet. The Nutctracker is a child-friendly show and little touches like this are perfect. The general set design was also beautiful. But it doesn't make up for the confusion forced upon the audience by overcasting and strange adaptation.The Terror Trolley Tour was just ok. I got bored w it quickly. Not quite sure how it could be improved. It was a nice trolley ride.To be honest, I'm completely confused by these positive reviews. Our server had long, dirty, tobacco stained fingernails that were poking into our order of eggs when she set them on the table -- gross!! It kind of brings dirt cheap to a whole new meaning for me. And the food just wasn't very good at all. We didn't finish our meals. We just paid and left, and I'm pretty sure we ate breakfast again when we got home. Maybe we just had a bad experience? Or maybe I'm just not a local regular or a hipster?Came in the afternoon for a lunch. I asked if the burgers were good and was told " he makes the best" so I gave it a go. I was told that the burgers come with lettuce, tomato, and onion. I ordered a bacon cheeseburger, medium with a side of onion rings. What I got was a cheeseburger overcooked and dry, plain with a side of onion rings. I told the waitress what I ordered and she fixed it right away. Like I said the burger was overcooked and very dry and had been pre frozen from Sams club or restaurant warehouse, not a fresh made burger.The toppings were fresh (tomato, onion and lettuce) and they didn't skimp on the bacon. The onion rings were dried out and had no flavor, also from frozen.

on the buffet the best were the condiments. the worst would have to be the food. not good. there is a much better indian lunch buffet around the corner that i will suss out and up-star.The flyers say this restaurant offers  true taste of India, and if thats true im going to have to put it out there and say I don't like the taste of India!I was really disappointed with the food here and I wasn't the only one. My korma was kind of watery and way too sweet and the other curries my friends had were equally lack lustre. Maybe I went there on a bad day, the other reviews here are really good! The staff were lovely and the restaurant itself was really nice so it could be worth going back for the two course lunch buffet they offer for 5.95 to give them another try.I think I might have to give this place another chance - I will provide my experience here, but I can't say if this is the norm.Basically, I arrived before the rest of my fellow diners.  I didn't know if there would be four of five people in total, which apparently wasn't useful to the staff member, who instead of giving me a table which could potentially seat five, made me sit by the door until everyone else arrived.  It took a while for our waiter to take our orders, and when we finally received our food, I was not particularly impressed with what arrived, especially considering the prices.  I ordered the Navratan Kofta, and pretty sure I got the Palak Kofta Makhani instead...by the time we got our food, though, I was too hungry to send it back.  The dumplings were absurdly salty, to the point where I almost couldn't eat them.  On the other hand, my dining companions seemed to enjoy their dishes, including some tandoori shrimp.  After we finished eating, we wanted to order some desserts, but after waiting over 45 minutes to have our plates cleared (and even then we had to hail a waiter down to do that) we didn't have enough time, and just left.I think I'll stick with the Red Fort around the corner from here.I am a little less than impressed with this one. No, the service is great, and it has good screenings like all the Odeon ones. It just lacks character and well, there aren't that many screenings of the blockbusters you want to see. Instead it focuses on one and shows far too many shows of it instead of spreading the weight a little. On a road that has two independent cinemas up the street, this one falls fairly flat. But here you will find screenings of Sex and the City 2 and other rom coms and big buck movies,  unlike further up the street.So the other day I decided to make a trip to the cinema with some friends. Due to the queue, and the fact I'm nice like that, I went ahead and bought all three tickets. "The film is in 3D and you will need the glasses" they man behind the counter said to me, "sure, no problem I said". 30 it cost me! 30! That IS a problem! You would hope the one upside to seeing a film at a cinema lacking all character and atmosphere run by a faceless corporation would be the cheaper prices. I could have seen the same film for far cheaper in the independent cameo up the road.Needless to say the actual cinema is pretty much like every other Odeon. I don't really mind it, you get to go underground which is quite cool. The staff are really friendly. Both the young girl who serves food and particularly the older woman who checks the tickets, are really chatty. Beyond that expect the same experience as anywhere else. It's lucky that its the film that really makes the cinematic experience.If the prices go up anymore, spend wisely and buy your own cinema.We heard from friends how nice this theater is so were happy to try it out. However we ended up in the smallest cinema room I have ever seen. The employee advised us to get places in the back, but when we arrived in the tiny room we would have been squeezed in between a row of other people still really really close to the screen. Honestly I have never seen anything like this. We instead moved to the couches in the middle row (there are 3 rows). It was very uncomfortable to sit this close to a screen. The moment you are not center of the room you have an extreme angle on the screen which just feels very uncomfortable and dizziness invoking to me. I am sure our experience would have been very different in any other theater room they had, but this will definitely not make us go back here, as it was also quite costly full price and very uncomfortable. Not worth it sadly.I did love that they had Bundaberg ginger beer, yum!They trashed a beautiful cinema built in 1938 to make way for this basement factory. This is barely a cinema at all. The staff are not very helpful or interested.I went to see a 3D movie. I was the ONLY person in the audience. When the movie started the house lights did not go off. It was like being in broad daylight. I went out to tell them to turn the lights off. The manager, who was about 20 years old, told me that they needed to stay on for "health and safety" reasons. I told him that this was nonsense and that no other cinema screen has been this bright in my many years of movie-going. I got my money refunded and I have never been back. They kept the movie playing even though the only person in the audience had left.What a joke! This is what cinema-going in Edinburgh has become? Really???I was embarrassingly excited the first time I ordered a takeaway from here, mainly because of how much I love japanese food.Which is why it was such a let-down when it arrived... eventually. It took over an hour, which is pretty excessive for a weeknight, and especially since they charged for delivery.That would have been ok if the food had been worth waiting for. I'm no expert on how to cook Chinese or Japanese food, but when you put the hot spring rolls that my flatmate had ordered in with the sashimi in the same box, the sashimi has a habit of having started to cook and be lukewarm and rubbery by the time it arrives. I don't think I'll ever get a takeaway from here again.Ugh, that's all I can say. I'm current staring at the nearly full chow mein box on my kitchen table from No.1. I had a forkfull and I was done.The food just tastes bland, inside each noodle there is a hint of flavour but its encased in a 2mm thick layer of grease. Seriously disappointed.

Second batch of wings (mild) were about twice the size each, very crunchy/crispy, and had a sauce on them that smelled amazing but didn't pack the same punch in flavor. Not sure how this place is open with this pricing and lack of business.

This is where things start going downhill. Two remaining friends order wine, and we all place our food orders.

But no it's not good. Service is below acceptable. And atmosphere is a mix of a jail cafeteria (of what In think a jail cafeteria is), a economy waiting lounge in a train station,  or a feeding troff for people with scootersDidnt take long to figure out what was going on here. The Aria is so unapologetically expensive coupled with the fact that it is actually laid-out to make money that you come to the buffet just looking for a good deal.

-Not a huge sizeFry's

- It is far away from everything (except the Aria & Bellagio). You defiantly have to walk a bit to get to the other casinos.

-  Ahi tuna a la diablito - High quality sushi that was pretty good.  Small portion though, and the orzo wasn't that good. -  Had a couple of desserts and they were both good.I'm not normally a picky person when it comes to service, but when you're paying 30-50 for a plate of food, I expect the restaurant to get the service right, and make it an experience for the guest.  There really isn't one thing on the menu that makes you say, "I can only go to Skye for that".  Surprisingly their drinks are pretty affordable.  Overall, stick to Scottsdale if you want a true 'upscale' experience.  In the world of upscale restaurants, this is the weird cousin that nobody talks to.This is so hard. The platinum room is a great venue for music. This was my second time at the club and it left me unimpressed. We went with the intention to eat there. I was reminded why I usuallly stay away from seafood in a venue such as this.The band was great, Cold shott and the huricane horns  played well. two 15 minute breaks in 2 hours is a bit much.From the beginning of the night the waitress seemed REALLY busy, empty glasses were common. We saw the water/busboy more than our waittress At the end of the niight I had to flag another waitress to get the bill from our waitress.The food was not $20 a plate value. We had the coconut shrimp for an appetizer, for dinner I had the salmon and my husband had the sirloin sliders. I give one thing to the kitchen, they are consistent. All was overcooked and dry. And it seems that thier main entrees do not come with sides, you have to order the $6 pilaf and a veggie on the side (in addition to the entree). I have seen this before in upscale restaurants. They usually include some parsley or something on the plate. Not Skye. This was another fail for the waitress, she did not que the sides at all. she simply took the order. It would have been fine if she offered, "would you like any sides with that?"

 It is loud and there's alot of staff around but it takes them a while to get to you, I did not notice anyone eating anything so it's bacically and drinking establishment.

    Breaking it down like this (wasn't a picture worthy buffet) they have food from all over the world but it you want variety and flavor I guess you get what you pay for.

Service was great, I believe her name was Cori, and she was on top of our refills and kept us happy our whole visit.Ordered for the first time for delivery. The order came on time and was correct. I have definitely had better pizza, and I would have given more stars, but there was barely any pepperoni on it. The average amount of pepperoni per slice was 2. The pizza tasted fine, but that is ridiculous. When I order a pepperoni pizza I expect pepperoni. Next time I will save my money and order from one of the chains.I ordered delivery from this place cause I was craving Italian.  I ordered my usual which is eggplant Parmesan.  It was $12 and I was so disappointed when i took a look at it.  The dinner came with spaghetti which took up more than half the plate.  My eggplant Parmesan was so minuscule!  The spaghetti itself was bland and mediocre.  Wish I got Chinese delivered instead.Took over an hour to receive my order but not before mixing my order up and asking someone other than myself to use my card for their order. Forgot my soda also. Fries were overdone, i do believe they were old and refried. They did bring my soda which magically turned into a flat watered down dr pepper...

The owner/chef is always proud of his cooking skill. He is too arrogant like a frog lives inside the well but has never been the outside world.

Service, my waiter acted like he would prefer to be anywhere else in the world. Common for servers, as I was one once myself way back when I was a little girl, but he did a poor job of hiding his true sentiment to his job.What REALLY took me back about this place was that there was a patron that literally passed out on the floor (unrelated medical issue) and the restaurant staff did NOTHING to help her. Absolutely NOTHING. The bartender dropped off a glass of OJ with simple syrup in it and walked away. No cold rag, no offer of assistance, no compassion or concern whatsoever. Heres your glass of OJ, good luck with that...type attitude. I really couldn't believe that. As a result of that alone, I would never spend another dollar in an establishment that shows ZERO level of concern for a patron that passes out and is laying on the floor and the staff does nothing.The bartender is terrible replace him and save your business. This visit and my last i had to deal with this guy. He's worthless, rude, and short with the patrons. Such a beautiful bar with great food, but the bar tender is forcing me to head west to Seamus Mcaffreys.I went to Turf today to try their happy hour. They have a limited food menu for happy hour. I picked the American sliders which are regularly 3 for $8 and 3 for $5 on happy hour or so I thought. It was a bit of a bait and switch when I only got 2 sliders and a half of a handful of frys. The explanation was Turf is changing its menu, then it was happy hour is a smaller portion. Bait and Switch pure and simple and it wasn't made right even after I brought it to the bartender's attention. The food was good but I hate feeling like I've been cheated. So 2 stars, 3, I don't know.Stopped in here for lunch on a recommendation of a friend who discovered it a month ago. We had the pretzel and split the chicken avocado sandwich. It was plenty to share among two people. The pretzel was yummy, and hot with warm melted cheese or a horseradish sauce. The sandwich was OK. If i came back it would be for the pretzel. It wasn't at all busy on a Saturday around noon for lunch, but they only had one waitress and the service was not great.Location is great, the rooms were clean, appear to be updated and the staff was very friendly.  I love the shuttle that will take you to local restaurant and the local ball parks major plus.  Why the two stars there are three things wrong with this hotel.  Major issue is the manager, he's not responsive and he passes the buck!  A manger is someone who take responsibility they do not put things in their employees.  Anthony did not once reach out to us to help us resolve our problem it was us calling him tracking him down.  Too bad the hotel and the rest of the staff were very nice.  The other two items are the breakfast needs to be mixed up a little, add some bacon maybe a variety of bagels some other fruit juices.  Also lastly the windows need to be insulated the sound from the freeway is very loud.  Thank you ladies for all your help.I am being generous by giving two stars to be honest. The low rating is primarily for the awful customer service we received. The facility itself is adequate nothing special. I booked two rooms through a third party and had a confirmation number on an email. When I arrived they said the reservation was wrong and had only one room available in the moment. They eventually got us a second room but it was very inconvenient since they were now far away from each other and we were traveling with little ones. After we checked out they then charged my credit card for three rooms. After multiple attempts at contacting them for a refund nearly two months later they called me back saying the charge was for a "no-show" fee and incidentals. I asked they explain the incidental charge and none of the math made since.  The woman I spoke to was very rude unfortunately. I called the third party company who was able to take care of it instantly (hotels.com) but they said the hotel could have handled it right away since the hotel made the error. Two months is a long time to have a whole room outstanding on my credit card. My family and I will not be returning. After reading other poor reviews most had same thug in common, the hotel mismanaging accounts and not issuing refunds quickly - awful way to do business.Came excited that a cupcake place is just by the house as I love cupcakery, but thats a little ways away. Got red velvet (one of my favorite kinds of cupcake) and carrot and they had these pupcakes for dogs that was apple cake with a dog bone cookie in it ($1). Carrot was good and moist enough, but felt it could use a little more. Red Velvet was a real disappointment....it tasted off/spoilt and it also tasted kind of plastic-y...wtf? The creamcheese frosting tasted okay and wasnt spoilt so I dont know what the hell was up with that cake. We took a bite and we threw them away- glad we got only two of each flavor to start. Still sad that 4 people had to share 2 cupcakes for dessert. Now about the pupcakes.... my dog and my mother in laws dogs wouldn't eat them. It was kinda odd, specially from my mother in laws fatty that ate everything. They took the dog cookie off the top and left the cake alone. Fatty Masie only ate a bite when we coaxed and hand fed it but he didnt pick up the rest from the floor for a second bite. They already slobbered on them or else I woulda tried a piece to see if something was wrong with them. To be fair maybe I'll try another cupcake...but I'm far more inclined to go same Retro bakery down the street with their higher ratings. Seems like at their best this place will just be A-Ok, I want more than that for my $2.50 and will just go to Cupcakery which we pass by every weekend to get to my mother-in-laws, but I have a feeling I'm going to love Retro Bakery as well.I'm sorry to say that this place was a dissapointment to me.  Although I went there twice, I was hoping that I was wrong the first time when I went the second time.  I was still right.Like Jade W., I was really excited that a cupcake place opened up in this area because Mad Hatter is all the way down south.  I was hoping that their cupcakes were just as good, but unfortunately it wasn't a hit for me at all.Strawberry cupcake: slightly dry and the flavors were almost there.  I felt as if I was missing something in the cake...maybe a pinch of salt would make a difference?  The frosting is heavy and old fashioned, meaning that slight grainy texture.  That's definitely not bad, but it was pretty heavy.Chocolate cupcake: moist, which was good, but bland.  My husband swears that this cupcake was out of the box.  Who knows, it could be, but if it's from scratch they need to change their batter so that it kicks the flavors out more.Overall, it's a cute shop but the cupcakes aren't as divine and moist as other places in Vegas.  I hope that they improve their recipe soon.  Their frosting is good but it's very thick and heavy.  I hope the dryness in their cupcakes gets fixed, too.I think I'll give it another six months and try again. I say stop by if you're curious and want to see if all of us yelpers are right, otherwise I wouldn't waste gas driving up here.Everything is just too sweet here...My teeth were literally in shock - The frosting is too sweet that it overpowers the cake and then your taste buds are too drunk from sugar that you can't even taste the actual cake.This was my second time here wich ended with the same result - If I'm in this area I'm going to Retro Bakery!!!

The food was flavorless and bland. The tuna ceviche may have been the worst I have ever eaten.  The only thing you could taste in the fish tacos was the corn tortilla. No spices, no cilantro, no spice, no flavor.

- The rooms with the double beds were tiny.  As in this is what I would expect in Manhattan tiny.  But it isn't Manhattan.  And for the price you pay, I expect to have enough room to not have to squeeze in like a sardine.

We has to ask for silverware after being seated for over 40 minutes, we got it after out food came.

FINGERS were big and good but 2/3 #fail!My first choice didn't offer delivery so I went with sicili's because it had good reviews. I ordered online with a 20% discount, this made me happy. I ordered a large thin crust pizza with peperoni and Jalapeos. After 2 hours I decided to call them to check on my order. The first number I called listed on Yelp didn't work, the number listed on there website worked. The attendent seemed very confused and seemed to have no clue regarding my order. After a long hold time, and being disconnected they told me I didn't put an order in, which I quickly refuted as my CC was charged and a confirmation was given from there website. After a few more minutes on hold my order magically appeared. She let me know that the order was on its way. After another 30 minutes there was a knock at the door. The delivery guy was very nice but the order was wrong. The pizza was not thin crust and it seemed that they took a cheese pizza that had been out all night, added toppings and sent it out. The jalapeo poppers and the pizza were also VERY cold, making my first experience very bad with Sicili's. I am disappointed that they didn't even offer an apology for the long wait and then delivered below par cold food. I am not very picky and not much of a complainer but I was very disappointed.Doesn't bother me that they are in the middle of crack alley, they deliver to my work (which is less than 2 miles from here) so I was willing to give them a try. We ordered a large pie and chicken wings. Delivery took awhile and the pizza was less than desirable. Crust was greasy and soggy. Ingredients were clearly from the Sysco wholesaler. The wings were hilarious. I took a picture of one. It's smaller than a ketchup packet. There wasn't any meat on them! I didn't think this place was that cheap like others had mentioned. Sorry Joseph A, you don't know good pizza.Not sure why this place has such rave reviews! I ordered delivery last night and it took about an hour (not bad at all, considering a sunday night). We ordered the fried mushrooms and the garlic butter pizza. Both were below average quality. I would stick to grimaldi's their white garlic pizza is ten times better for the same price ~$20 for a large. Really disappointed!The price is right, but the pumps are the slowest around. So slow that it isn't worth the savings in the heat.  There are also always pumps that aren't working making it difficult for customers to fill up. It's ridiculous.This place is a little dirty on the inside. I wouldn't get anything from here not even a water. Since the QT opened across the street, there really is no need to come here for gas or anything for that matter!I was in Vegas recently with my family and after a couple of hours roaming around the strip, we were *aching* for a massage. (See what I did there?) We ended up coming out here at around 12am. Now I know what you're thinking, you went to a massage parlor in chinatown at 12 in the morning looking for a massage, how very wholesome of me. I was thinking the same thing, I was weary of the situation I was getting myself into. Luckily, this place is totally legitimate. That being said, the service wasn't that great. First of all, we had to ring the front bell for a good five minutes before someone actually came to the door. When we came, they were way understaffed. I visited with 2 uncles, and I had to wait a good 5 minutes after their massages started before my masseuse actually arrived. After we got underway, the masseuses kept leaving because the doorbell kept ringing. Not that big a deal but we paid for an hour and they still ended exactly an hour after they started, despite my massage starting later and them leaving constantly to answer the door.The actual massage was decent but apparently it's very hit or miss. My uncle was very unhappy with his, he got the younger girl that works at the front desk and he said she had no strength in her massage, she was just pinching at him. Overall it wasn't good, but I guess you can't really expect much going to a a massage parlor in chinatown..at 12 in the morning. 2 stars because I didn't get molested!So maybe I'm a bit spoiled with the $15 foot reflexology massage that includes head, shoulders, arm, back, legs and feet that they have in Los Angeles. And I'm even okay with the $20 foot reflexology in San Diego. And I'm EVEN okay with paying the extra dollar in Vegas just because its VEGAS - so $29 was reasonable. However, its not one hour as the other places but 45 minutes, and they don't include a back massage. So its only shoulder, head and feet. Service: Would have been good if two of the masseuse in our room didn't have their phone ring 3 TIMES. And to add to that irritating note, they had the audacity to PICK IT UP! Really??!! How unprofessional. Then the same masseuse stood outside while we paid for our service and we wanted a $20 broken for tip and she goes "no, no break 20." Seriously?! It was bordering on horrible service, luke-warm massage, so not worth of the money. By the way, on the way back from this place I see a couple of other Asian Foot Reflexology spas that just opened up on Spring Mountain Rd offering massages for $19, so I'd check those out first.Another chi-chi burger place, another disappointment.  What's a burger? It's a patty, its cheese and a bun. I don't need 2, 3 sauces, caramelized onions and short rib and both sesame AND poppy seeds. Can we PLEASE keep it simple and also... do all burger places have to make horrendously huge frakking burgers?DO NOT call it Philly cheesesteak. 1, Cheesesteak is only made in Philly, you can drop that part. Plus it's made from rib steak, not shoulder. If yer gonna wit' whiz it, at least use Cheeze Whiz, not a copy brand. But as a beef and cheese spring roll, it work pretty good.I could go into details, but I'm not up to it.They made a tasty Tom Collins though. And the lemon pie was awesome.Atmosphere, Service, Food - the essentialsAtmosphere: DeVille Dinerbar is a new edition to the flock of trendy cafes / dinners on Stanley street.  Unfortunately however, DeVille as a late comer - gives off the air of trying too hard, and borders on the pretentious.  It is themed to look like a trendy 60's dinner - but goes overboard with the usage of cliche and tried props like pink neon, semi-circular booths, and the menu printed on the walls (look for spelling mistakes!).  It could be a good place to have a business dinner though. Service:  For a place that aspires to attract the young and hip as well as the old and established - DeVille does not do a very good job at grooming their waiters and waitresses very well in the art of service.  The staff, it seems, has been plundered from various other places, perhaps with the lure of a higher pay-cheque, and as such do not have any connection to the place.  Although the service is polite and pleasant, mistakes are not out of the question.Food:  Perhaps, DeVille's fatal flaw.  The food is nothing to write home about, and at the prices listed, they are in no way shape or form enticing enough to come back to.  Since the menu, contains lots (lots) of items, in many categories, choosing the right meal frustratingly difficult. The fact that every dish has a pretentious (there's that word again) name, is also a drag.Wants to be cool - but ends up trying too hard.Food is good, not great. The portions are big but be prepared to pay a lot. Worst of all they will charge you for refills on Coke. . .how cheap is that? Service has been a problem each time I've been there. . .Disappointing reallyFirst, let me start by saying:

Pool was terribly overcrowded. Had to get there extremely early to get a spot that actually gets full sunlight (Too many trees and shade).DISCLAIMER: There is no casino at this property.On the positive side, it was a free stay, as they were trying to woo our business for this club.  Nice hotel and the far end of the strip, great pool area and bar, clean and pretty.  Good business facility.  Nothing smelled like old smoke.On the negative, far end of the strip.  Decent stretch to get to anything.  Cabs are your friend there.  Then add that we had a VERY negative experience with the club, getting sold a bill of goods that didn't turn out to be accurate.  When confronting them, it took several months to get back our investment. They did give it back.Buyer beware, though.  When promised stays in "any Hilton" they mean only their Grand Vacation locations.  We'd told 'em we didn't dig beach locations (we live in California, with great beaches within a 30 minute drive).  That's largely what they have.  Beach locations.  There's a few others, but not enough for us to justify.It was a nice hotel stay, regardless, and the walks were good exercise.READ THIS BEFORE YOU BUY!A few years ago, we bought a timeshare at this location...it seemed like a good idea at the time. Wow, were we wrong. Thankfully, we were fortunate that we were able to buy it with cash and without the insanely high mortgage rate.We just went back to stay and have serious buyers remorse. When they were trying to get us to buy, we had a nice big room upgrade. When we stayed as owners, we got a tiny little standard hotel room. After our first day, we returned to our room after being out for the day and realized that our room had not been cleaned and the towels (only two provided) were not replaced. So, we called the desk to ask why and learned that if we wanted maid service that we had to pay for it. Additionally, just to book the room, it costs something like $79.AND the very worst part is the annual maintenance fee, tax fee, HOA fee...whatever they call it is $645. (We just had to pay this)For the cost of this "free lifetime vacation", you could very easily stay at the Four Seasons or the Ritz for the same cost or cheaper.On a positive note, its a nice property, no casino and no smoke.I originally purchased ownership at this location in 2005. Back then, when an Owner booked a room here, they were given a "Welcome Gift" upon check-in that included things like a travel size toothpaste, a ladies razor, mints, floss, coupons for shopping and dining and sometimes even a hat. Also included was a 10% discount for the Marketplace located on the 1st floor, which comes in handy if you forgot something or wanted to pick up a quick sandwich instead of going out to eat since there is nothing really close by if you're in a hurry.Now your "Welcome Gift" consists of some coupons for dining at the Las Vegas Hilton, coupons for the Harrah's properties, shopping discounts for Macy's, a discount or free appetizer (I can't remember) for Jimmy Buffet's Margaritaville and Planet Hollywood Restaurant. None of which were of any use to me. Toothpaste, I can always use. Also no longer offered? Any sort of discount at the ONLY place inside the property to get food, drinks, etc. Zip. Zilch. Nada. Really? I've dumped THOUSANDS of dollars into this place already and I can't even get a measly 10% off of a deli sandwich after a 5-hour drive to get here? Are you f'ing kidding me?Also, if I tell the Agent when I book the reservation that I don't want to attend a presentation during my stay, I expect NOT to be asked repeatedly to attend. Three "No's" during the initial conversation, coupled with three "No's" when I checked in, compounded by another two "No's" after checking in when an Agent called my room is not acceptable. NO means NO.When I get inside the room, I feel at home. I wish my apartment was this nice, but the aggravation that goes along with "ownership" is beyond annoying. I'm now debating selling.Here's why I wasn't impressed with this location:Besides it not being centrally located or having a casino, the walls are paper-thin.  I heard traffic from the hallway and Las Vegas Blvd. off-and-on all night (if you do stay here, I suggest requesting a room NOT facing the Strip).  Also, the fitness center is out of date, and the jacuzzi jets were awful (Herculean-strong and not hot enough).  The check-out time is unnecessarily early at 10am!However, I will say that the hotel was nice in terms of ambiance - the hotel rooms, lobby and pool were solid and the staff was generally accommodating.Since the negatives seemed to outweigh the positives, I will (most likely) not return.Considerably far away from the strip, this place doesn't stand alone like the other hotels in the area. In fact, there aren't any slots/card tables in the building, nor is there any room service or a restaurant. It seems to be a timeshare-hotel, which is fine, except that even if you have a timeshare here it's a $15-20 cab ride to the rest of the strip south of the Wynn (about a mile+ away). Truly felt isolated (thank god the room was free) but beware of the high pressure sales people.Otherwise, the room was definitely standard Hilton faire; comfy, roomie, and clean.Maybe it's because it's a Grand Vacations hotel, or maybe it's because it's in Las Vegas, but the only thing about this hotel that felt like a Hilton property was the room decor. I can remember only one other hotel experience that disappointed me more than this one did.You should know that while this hotel is technically on the strip, it's remote. Remote as in $25 cab fare to the Cosmopolitan for drinks. And this is important to consider because the only amenities this hotel has are a workout room, a pantry/deli, a small business center, and two well-shaded pools (with an outdoor grill).Only one of the four valets I interacted with was friendly. The front desk team was no different. I did find our housekeeper friendly. When I called the front desk to ask that they shush our neighbors, they suggested I call them myself. Um... no.The hotel was designed to have four towers with some sort of central communal space, my guess is for shops and restaurants, and maybe a spa. To date, only two of the towers have been built.This is an older hotel that has been renovated. The guest room halls are narrow and lead to rooms that can be expanded from a single room standard hotel room to a three bedroom suite. If you plan to stay in a single room, ask for privacy and quiet. If your room adjoins to what would be the other two rooms of a three bedroom suite, you will hear a significant amount of noise. And because it's Vega$, Baby that noise can occur any time of the day or night.A significant amount of space has been designated sales space for the Hilton Grand Vacations Team. I feel certain that if you are interested in Hilton's timeshare program that someone there will make time to talk with you. You can ask just about anyone staying in the hotel to refer you to the program. And they will love to do it because they get points of something for referring new members.And that's the key issue I have with this Hilton property. It feels like a timeshare. More than the usual amount of tacky LV tourists were onsite, taking advantage of the fact that this Hilton Grand Resorts property is one on the lowest on the Grand Vacations list, at least when ranked by  maintenance fees.This means the well-appointed fitness center was empty and the pool was packed (despite how shady it is). This made it extra embarrassing when I slipped and almost fell three times on the slick pool deck. I watched one other person actually fall and three others slip. Dangerous! Walk carefully around the pool!Even the single rooms have a kitchenette, which is nice since it's so inconvenient to get to anyplace to eat. The pantry/deli has a wide selection of quick eats that are reasonably priced for a hotel. But I didn't receive any of the bonuses I generally get as a result of my HiltonHonors status, which was a disappointment.The towels, toilet paper, and face tissue were paper thin. And the hotel is stingy with towels. Only two in our room and no bathmat. I'm always happy to use towels more than once but it irks me when I help them be "green," but can't ind a place to recycle plastic water bottles.I really liked the decor of our standard sized room. Hilton has some good designers on its decorating team. But the quality of the TV was bad, bad, bad and our view was of the RV parking lot at the adjacent Circus Circus hotel, casino and RV park.If you are considering a visit to this hotel as HGVC member prospect, be advised that the gift certificate, casino chips, and other gifts you may be expecting will have to be redeemed at another location, which is a .7 mile walk or short cab ride away. Expect to spent two hours or more with the sale rep selling the timeshare.When I can find a special (and it's Vega$, there's always a special), I can stay at a full-service hotel with a larger room, more convenient to LV attractions. This hotel has some advantages by being so far removed from the beaten track but I don't think I'll book with them again.Came here for a timeshare presentation deal.  We received 2 nights for a discounted price, a $50 gift card to the other Hilton (with the convention center), $15 in gambling chips for the other Hilton, and $100 toward our next Hilton stay in the next 6 months - but ONLY Hilton, not Doubletree or Hilton Garden Inn, etc.  The presentation was fine.  2 hours long, not super pressure-y, and our salesperson was sincere and nice.  We explained that it simply would not work for our lifestyle.  A manager came to ask us questions about the presentation, and he was VERY curt with us, borderline rude.  Whatever, we got our free stuff.  I'd do the timeshare presentation again.However, the hotel itself was a major disappointment.  It's quite far from most of the strip, so make sure to budget for cabs, rent a car, or, as we did, drive to Vegas.  There's really nothing exciting there and nothing that makes it particularly nice or family-friendly, so it's not even as though you could bring your kids there for a fun family getaway.  There's a pool, and that's that.We stayed in a studio, which is one bedroom closed off from a larger room.  It was small but clean.  The very worst part was that the walls are paper thin.  We could hear EVERYTHING that happened in the next room... when they came home, when they watched TV, when they listened to music, etc.  It was impossible to get a good night's sleep. To be fair, at one point, when they were playing heavy metal at 6am, I called security, and they promptly came up and asked them to turn it down.  Ten minutes later, though, they turned on the television, and it was just as bad.  At that point, we realized it was a lost cause.We told our timeshare salesman that we were disappointed in the room's thin walls - he said we were likely in a marketing room, and that they were planning to tear those down when needed and rebuild them as the timeshare rooms (which look identical).  That doesn't make sense.  You'd think they'd put us up in a nice room if they want us to own a stake in this place - no thanks!Parking is $8, valet $13 - a little odd when the rest of the strip is free parking.Average:  nice room, had the studio but could have gotten a better deal at other properties and had to sit through the sales presentation which included misleading offers.  As a HH member which gave them my name to make offer I was even more offended.  Starwood has never done this.  They checked out our room to someone else day 2 causing someone to walk in on my husband changing...apology was dismal.  Music at pool is fun and nice family property but Hilton for the brand didn't offset all the misses....very disappointed as an HH member and will think differently around loyalty.m service differentiates and they don't have this.I actually enjoyed my stay here, very good value for the dollar. Being a Hilton Diamond club member, I was looking for a Hilton property to boost my points. What I didn't anticipate was that Hilton would sell my cell phone number to every sleazy time share operator across the country so that I would be receiving calls from Florida , Nebraska , California and elsewhere on a near daily basis. I haven't stayed at a Hilton property since.But the rooms are nice but don't do the timeshare meeting no matter how much they ask or offer. It will ruin your trip. If you say no, they get very rude. I was considering buying timeshare with Hilton but after this experience I will never consider it. I will spend my money with Disney. I would give more stars but my experience with the timeshare people left a bad taste in my mouth.The Hilton supposedly prides themselves on good service but most of the people working at this hotel were not kind to us - at all. There is no real room service (only pre-made pizza) and the hotel itself is only close to the casino Circus Circus.. nothing else really. The only real good points of this hotel is that the gym is okay and that the room was clean -- the decor in the room is not tasteful at all.. but at least it was clean.  We will not come back here - it's probably worth your money to get a nicer hotel near the center of the strip.The apartment was well furnished, clean and well maintained.  My main complaint is paying $8 for parking when every other hotel on the strip has free parking, and a charge of $5 for "handling" when I received a package delivered to myself. Not cool when you're competing for business with other hotels and resorts on the strip and in a better location than this one.  Upon check in. was assigned to a room I wasn't able to access due to being occupied by another guest.  Frustrated to go back to the desk for another room assignment.  Has my room been assigned to another guest, a key given to that guest when it was actually my room?False Advertising.When we signed up for this deal with the timeshare presentation, we were told that we'd be staying at the Elara Hotel next to Planet Hollywood in the MIDDLE of the strip. The deal was very attractive, so I purchased it.I booked the hotel and paid $49 extra for staying in the weekend. When I got the my confirmation e-mail back, things got changed. I was placed in the Hilton Grand Vacations Suites instead of Elara Hilton Grand Vacations Hotel. The names are very similar, so it's very confusing. I called back right away and reported about the discrepancy of the booking. They told me Elara was fully booked, and I have to pay $120 extra to reschedule since it's within 13 days. I checked online and saw vacancy at the Elara, but they said those are marketed to be reserved for full price only. NOTHING they can do. They didn't even apologize for placing me in the wrong hotel. And why are you charging me $120 extra for mistakes you've made?The fact that they are both called "Hilton Grand Vacations" makes it confusing, and they are not even similar type of hotel! Elara is more fun and hip for younger generation like me, and Hilton Grand Vacations Suites is for older generations. I think I am ready to retire at the Hilton Grand Vacations Suites without the vibe. Now my Vegas fun weekend got transformed into a retirement weekend for grandpa instead. What a waste."Hilton Grand Vacations Suites on the Las Vegas Strip" is actually "Hilton Grand Vacations Suites at the end of the Las Vegas Strip". Now I am just stuck with an inconvenient location of the strip, which makes no differences if I am actually on the strip or not. It is on an inconvenient location "on the strip". I just have to drive to go to places on the strip :(Upon arrival, receptionist at front desk wasn't very friendly. She talked very fast and went over everything with me in 30 seconds. When I asked her to repeat some part of the instructions, she got impatient. After I arrived the room, I found out that the room was full of cigarette smell. I called them. They said the rooms were all supposed to be smoke-free. I smelled the cigarette regardless. They told me to go down to change the room key for the new room. I took the luggage all the way back down and changed the room. I told her the room totally smelled like cigarette, and all she said was "ok". She did not appreciate me telling her or apologize for the inconvenience. I informed her so that she could be considerate and clean it better for the next guest, but she didn't seem like she would do anything about it. They should have done better quality control and checked the room before giving the room to the guests.Neps on Sofa Bed Sheet like Gray Cotton Balls

Wheats and Belgians are my favorite so I really thought I would enjoy their beers but alas they were not ---the saving grace was the delicious, freshly baked (slightly over salted) pretzel

- The food is well packed and secureCons

I ordered a burger and fries and was not impressed. THEN AGAIN, I work at LBS Burger Joint and The Barrymore, and in my mind no one beats our burgers . My boyfriend had a chicken sandwich, he said it was okay but very messy. The fries are whatever. Not super yummy but not gross.All together a burger, a sandwich and a shake cost me $44.00. It's pretty looking, but there is no way Im going back....If you are there and want to pay for the atmosphere; aka having elephant and monkey noises go off every 10 min, then this is the place for you.  Other than that, food was good, but for the price you are paying, not worth it.  I got a bacon burger with fries because it was the cheapest meal on the menu for $16.50.  It was big, but I would say about 1/2 lbs.  Everything else with seafood or meat was around the $25 range or more.  This was just for lunch, I can't even image how much dinner would be.  Like I said earlier not worth the money unless you want the environment.  I most likely won't be going back to one of these.This Rainforest is inside the MGM Grand.  If you have kids that need to be entertained (occupied, distracted) while you wait for dinner, Rainforest Cafe is the place to be.  There are plenty of animatronic animals, live fish tank, fountains, fake plants and canopies of "rainforest" to be looked at.  We went here because I had a $50 gift certificate.But if you are looking for anything other than touristy gimmick...you'll be disappointed.  Eating here is like any of your TGIFriday, Chili or Applebee's...but every entree costs about $5-7more.  4 of us got 4 entrees, 3 soda/iced tea, 1 water and no dessert, our bill came out to be over $100 before tip.  My $50 certificate made the bill more bearable, but I have no desire to go back to another Rainforest Cafe.Gimmicky, glitzy place. No way...in Vegas?...kidding?! But I digress. The food sucks. Nothing special, and overpriced. Of course the decor is novel and the sounds are obnoxious and maybe scary, so it's a theme that loudly announces itself if you're into that. Since I've been, you don't have to. Skip it.Ambiance.  Nothing more. 15-17 bucks for a sandwich  burger or wrap.  Showed up cold, bland and soggy.  Good for kids. Thats it.Go here for the atmosphere and thats about the only reason to stop here.The food was decent nothing special, the service was average, and I understand its vegas and the food was way over priced for nothing above average food.Overall, if you are with kids this would be a great place to check out because the would love it, other wise not really worth your time.After a 30-minute wait in line, we were seated. The time passed quickly for my daughter as there was a lot to look at - not so fast for me because I was hungry.I ordered the turkey sandwich that did a number on my stomach a couple hours later. Thankfully, it was quick and painless. I'm even more thankful that the Bellagio has easily accessible bathrooms throughout their hotel.Service was prompt and courteous. The child-friendly vibe was appreciated, but the exorbitant prices were not. Kids meals start at $9.99 and a basic burger will run $15. In my opinion, not worth the trouble when there are other options nearby.Reviewing Rainforest Cafe is bit if a moot point. After all, you can't really have high culinary aspirations on any place that has a animatronic elephants and gorillas, can you? We only picked this place because I worked at the one in Denver when I was a kid, and it was the worst place I ever worked (in how they treated the employees). Also, they never let us try the food, so I have been curious all these years why someone would wait hours in line to pay $20 for crappy pot roast just to eat in a fake rain forest.I had the Rasta Pasta, which is basically a pasta primavera. It was OK, but it needed a bit more refinement in seasoning (ie, some seasoning) and a few more vegetables. I also had a Mai Tai, which was pretty strong for a children's restaurant, but I wasn't with kids, so... woo hoo.The environment is not for anyone with a documented anxiety or seizure disorder. About every 1/2 hour, there is a tropical storm there the animatronic animals make lots of noise and there are lightening flashes. All in all, my curiosity has been sated... so no need to ever eat there again.Really cool Large aquariums around the restaurant with lots of large tropical fish. That is it for the good things. The rest of the visit was a sad experience. The fish in the fish and chips were over breaded and mealy, the chips soggy and the coleslaw was at least edible. Tomato soup was acceptable but the advertised Parmesan cheese was minuscule. The couple at the next table complained about the ribs and had their bill adjusted so there may be something good on the menu but it's not worth the expense to try and find it.Service was OK but not on a par with the rest of the eating places in the MGM Grand. If you enjoy the tropical fish and the cheesy decorations, it is OK for a one time visit but that was it for our one time visit. To many other good choices to make a repeat.The place looks cool. The kids will enjoy.$10 for a bowl of kids mac n cheese is too much. And no fruit or veggies on the side?

2) As a Gold member, I was given a hard time about my late checkout request because there was a wedding party that had already requested it  I didn't realize this was how the priority worked at that hotel...

Extremely tight machines.   I went with a group and we felt fortunate to get $30 wins.  Seriously nobody was winning anything.They need more cocktail waitresses.   At one point I played for 2 hours without being offered a beverage.  I called an attendant to find one and he couldn't and told me about his frustrations with their crappy service, and how the waitresses are never around.  We finally went to the bar and paid for one.The room decor was average.  Bathrooms were really nice thoughdidn't really like the food choicesI really expected better.Definitely one of my least favorite casinos to be honest. I am not sure if it is because of all the hype that surrounds Cesars palace, or because it just wasn't as fun as all the others such as treasure Island, and the mirage.  Sure there were a few lifeless table dancers, but they werent impressing anybody.We walked through and discovered the Temple Pool with a few people near it, definitely was not impressed with it either since it was far overrated.The statues were nice at least.Buffet Review:I got the 24-hour buffet card at my stay during Vegas.If you are looking for long lines, little selection, and bad service - this is the place to go!Come early for lunch and line up. I was a bit anxious to get in and try the food since there were so many people in line. Oh, was I wrong.Highlight:

Finally made it back a few times to grab a cold one and to try their menu. The peanut salad with tofu is so addicting! I love it! The hummus plate was inventive, I would order the salad in a heartbeat over the hummus plate. The vegetarian burger is a favorite of my man and the pizza was ok, not his favorite and he would order the burger over that hands down. Always, the beer is really good, would like a few more options that aren't IPA...love Unshadowed. Definitely becoming my favorite place to go these days. The staff is friendly and wonderful.I've been left with mixed feelings about eating here again. The food,  what there is of it is undeniably well prepared and imaginative. What it is not, in any way, is  generous for the price.  This is a bar after all,  not Alinea or some NY mecca of haute cuisine. I say that because beer and its filling properties will constitute the large part of what is a satisfying meal here.  Alone,  the pizzas and entrees  will fall short. My wife and I decided to split a salad that was described as having beef as its protein source and a pizza. Now I knew from having eaten here before that pizza is a relative term. Here it is a thin cracker crust, no more than 8 ounces , very well done but still a $12  menu item that is really an appetizer in size so we were counting on the salad to round out the meal. What we got with our very fresh baby spinach, dressing on the side, dried cranberries and cubes of roasted squash etc.( A very nice idea I should add) were 3 slices of beef (medallions) with a sprinkling of melty Parmesan cheese which were approximately 1 1/2 " long and about an inch wide with a thickness about 1/4" thick.   This is on a $12 salad. Since we split it,  when the waitress brought the pizza and asked us about the salad,  I commented that 3 pieces of meat between two people is a problem. I was informed that the salad was designed for one diner.  One diner the size of a squirrel might have been dissatisfied let alone,  one human. You could feel the chill come over her as her first thought her tip was in jeopardy instead of thinking of providing us with some satisfaction.  So we know what we're talking about here , I made a salad for myself the next day with some grilled chicken breast and for the hell of it cut 3 slices of meat approximating the sizes of the 3 slices of beef I'd seen the day before and put them on my digital scale. I was thinking maybe it'll be 2 ounces. It came to an 1 1/4 ounces. Restaurants are not in the food business. they are in the hospitality business so when the patron points out that they think they're getting a gun stuck in their ribs,  an appropriate response isn't to wise off.  I realize protein is an ongoing issue for restaurants and their bottom line. Why else would high end places be coming up with dishes that emulate meat ? When one considers steaks of charred roasted cauliflower, confit of carrots etc. the answer is, "meat costs more than vegetables,  dummy."  None-the-less when you're located in a suburban area of Madison, Wisconsin,  your overhead isn't a New York overhead. Though I've enjoyed the place I'm up in the air about ever going back.Dont go for food. This place excels at some key points but drops the ball in other areas. The good...atmosphere, beer, and the service. The bad... the seafood tacos were the worst food I have tried in a long time. Reminds me of a bad college dinner that was put together with the only things available. Really, buffalo sauce on shrimp tacos. Overcooked shrimp. Store bought tortillas that were overly perportioned to the small filling. They didn't even add cabbage. Embarrassing. The menu shows that they are thinking outside the box, but it's a brew pub. Excell at the basics before branching out.  I can't even get a burger here.For a brew pub they seem very fond of order. I met friends who were biking here and the host was quite concerned we not congregate by the door. There was a free table by the door, but it only had 6 seats and it was a party of about 11, and they didn't want some of us standing. It's a bit strange to have a brew pub to commit to being sit-down service. They do have an upstairs outdoor patio, so we were able to enjoy the late afternoon sun, only slightly marred by a couple of smokers. They didn't have staff service on the upstairs patio yet, but you could go inside to the small bar and order food. Trouble is, they were "changing over the menu next week," so they were out of at least half the menu options, including, I kid you not, the bread and cheese plate. Chips and salsa/guac were about all that was left besides fried mozzarella sticks and a strange peanut butter 'dipping' plate. I passed on the remainder of the options, which might not have been a bad idea, as my friend thought the pulled pork was dry. Another friend liked the fish tacos but with a jalapeno aoili, I had to pass. Beer was okay--I tried a small glass of the Ambergeddon which did indeed have a bitter aftertaste (as described). The Bamboozelator was delicious.Had a very poor experience here. We waiting a very long time for our server to take our order, we got our food and mine shouldn't have even left the kitchen. .my whole sandwich was super burned which she took back and was put on a better toasted bun. I took a few bites and it was like someone poured a bottle of salt on my sandwich, very over seasoned. I left it hoping the server would ask me why I didn't eat more or if I wanted a box... but instead she just took it away. Never said sorry for the meal and I know it wasn't her fault but I was just turned off by the service and food overall. ..I've lived in Madison for three years and haven't made it out here until my visit this evening. The ONLY reason I'm saying average is because the beer is good (maybe not $6 good) and my sandwich was good. That evens out for the intolerably low quality service that my friend and I received. Our waiter on the patio was slow, slapped the metal menus down on the table, and asked us what we wanted. I said to my friend, "let's go in and check out the bar. I'm sure the bartender will be better." He literally walked up and said "the signs lit up are what we got. Know what you want?" Not a greeting, not a suggestion, not an offer to explain the different beers. We ordered our beer and he literally slammed the pints onto the sticky bar, and some of the beer spilled out. I'll literally never come back. Objectively terrible service.I was visiting from out of town and having lunch here. I dined here with five other people and we all unanimously thought that the food was not good at all. I had the mahi mahi tacos and they were overcooked. Two of us had a side of mac and cheese, and being a connoisseur, I was not satisfied at all by it. I will say that their ale is very good! I did not have a drink myself, but I tried three types that other people were drinking and they were good. I would not recommend eating here but do recommend drinking if you're up for some beer!The food is great, but DON'T rush from the drive through without checking your bag for all of your ordered items.  And also check your receipt for that matter.  I ordered one meal, one sandwich, and one small fries.  Did not get our fries and the receipt says we were charged extra for the drink that came with the meal (that was given to us WITHOUT a straw).  So frustrating!!!!Ok Im going against the grain here. I really don't understand what the big deal is about Chick-Fil-A. Everybody raves about it. I've gone several times and I really dont think the chicken is that great. Yes they give you lots of choices in dipping sauce but if the chicken is so great do you need dipping sauce? The only reason why I'm a return customer is my 3 year old loves the play ground. Yes I do agree their staff is always very friendly. But the chicken never hits the mark for me Ive tried several items on the menu. Yesterday I had the spicey chicken wrap. Uh wheres the spice? Not spicey what so ever. It was loaded with lettuce and dry, I could tell it was not made fresh. My son ordered the chicken nuggets I tried one of his it was ok, didnt blow me out of the water. My son could care less what they were serving he just wanted to play. The place was busy and my food still arrived quickly. Im sure I will return if my son bags again as we drive byChick FilA is one of the best fast food restaurants out there. They have really worked on the friendly-ness factor. BUT...This particular location has the most languid bunch of workers I've ever seen. I saw four people walk out because the 7 people working behind the counter didn't step up to wait on the customers -- they were too BUSY doing other stuff like paperwork, and stacking cups. When it was my turn, I waited at the counter for 5 to 7 minutes in awe of the complete lack of service. Only one cash register was open while four more customers behind me waited to get somebody - anybody's attention. Plenty of employees were there all milling about and chatting amongst themselves. Hello???Is there anything more important than the customers? Here's a case where they have gone out of their way to provide decent fast food, a clean environment, small extras like diapers in the bathrooms, fresh flowers, and great attitude by the employees, but then FORGOT to take their orders. I won't go back to this one.The service today really was disappointing and slow.  They only had one person that worked the cash register in the whole place and she was also restocking which took away from her register duties.  It took several mins just to get an acknowledgement and several more to place an order.  Funny thing I was the only person in line.  Normally, we never have any issues with this location.This place is a wreck and is run incredibly poorly.Every time I go by I'll say 'please make sure my food is hot' and they graciously say 'of course' and then give me the coldest, stalest fries that are beyond inedible. They are like cardboard brick. I'm from Texas and was practically raised on this food and was always, always impressed with how the food was always so hot and fresh unlike other fast food places that just give you whatever is left over. I never failed to get hot food. Imagine my surprise when this independently owned (with zero oversight from corporate) gave me cold, bland food. I was floored. This isn't the restaurant I grew up eating at. This is some poorly run and managed money-saving racket that ONLY cares about the bottom line. I don't usually care to write reviews about fast food places because we all know most don't care what food they throw at you, but I really expected more from Chick-Fil-a. Sadly, this junk heap is a major disappointment, but the only one near me so I either accept their crappy food or I go without. What a shameful choice from such an iconic brand. I'd be embarrassed to own this and to sully such a great reputation.I'm not sure what has happened with this location - the performance has gone down tremendously.  We tried to go Saturday morning, but they were not open!?? They were supposed to be open at 6:30am and it was 6:50am...So we went today and it was not worth the wait! The biscuits must have been left over from Saturday they were so hard and the piece of chicken on the biscuit was a 1/4 of the size of the biscuit.  They must have known that the biscuits were old because they threw a gift card for a free grilled chicken sandwich.  Why not just say they were out of them and had us choose a better/fresher option? Won't be returning.Nice facility but massage therapist tend to be below excellent at Massage Envys, for every good massage I must endure 4 - 5 well below excellent massages.One of the most annoying massage experiences I've had.The main problem with Massage Envy is that their membership sales pitch is so invasive and, well, "sales pitch-y," that it ultimately detracts from the actual relaxation of the massage! They don't seem to understand I'd rather pay once for a massage then get a membership and be forced to pay monthly (while really not garnering any big benefits from the deal). They also have ridiculous cancellation policies/fees and even tried to push "aromatherapy" massages to me over the phone as I was initially booking. I caved in, but it was NOT worth the money. My masseuse simply used a scented lotion to massage me., without utilizing the aroma in any way as a enhancement of soothing therapy. When my friend and I arrived and asked to be in the same room, they refused saying they were "booked up"...and that next time we'd have to book a couples' massage... but then later I was assigned a room with an empty bed next to mine! By then I was over it, and didn't bother to insist my friend rejoin me.The massage in and of itself was OK - but I've had a LOT of massages in my life and this doesn't even rank in the top third. In the beginning the masseuse tended to talk more than I would have liked even though when filling out the prelim "custom massage" paperwork I went to the trouble of mentioning that I like therapists who are quiet. I felt like though she verbally pointed out bad/knotty spots on my back and shoulders, but didn't really seem to pay extra attention or care to those areas. Although a recent collarbone injury somewhat inhibits the normally intense strength I like my massages to have, this just didn't seem too adequate at all.My friend, on the other hand, says her massage was excellent, so if you do find yourself at this establishment, ask for Raphael. Overall, a decent massage for the intro price, but a very aggravating sales pitch/process and sub-par customer care and service. There are plenty of other places for me to check out without going back to Massage Envy.The BF noticed Cefiore had opened up in our neighborhood, and we were wondering what stuff they served...frozen yogurt!  Then because of Jeff P.'s recent visit and the free coupon we got in the mail, we decided to give it a go!The BF had warned me that it was like Pinkberry's, which is the current rage is southern California.  He said it literally tastes like the kind of yogurt you buy from the store, so I should be warned.  It's a good thing he did tell me that.  (I had yet to experience Pinkberry's myself!)I've had my share of frozen yogurt from places like Golden Spoon.  To me, it's like ice cream that's smoother.  But as I said, it's LIKE ice cream...which is sweet.Not in this case, Cefiore serves up Italian non-fat frozen yogurt, and it's a different kind of frozen yogurt.  It's sour like regular yogurt and I was just not digging it!  They offered four flavors when I was there - original, green tea, raspberry pomegranate, and blackberry.They sell their yogurt by the ounces, and they will weigh it out for you too.  Toppings are an additional 95 cents, which seems a bit costly for me.  But I guess they have to recoup their costs when their offering things like mochi, Capt. Crunch and Fruity Pebbles cereal, Oreo cookies, and fresh fruit chunks (mango, strawberries, raspberries, etc.).  You can also have your frozen yogurt on shaved ice, aka Snow Ice, which is then topped with fresh fruits, sweet red bean, or green tea yogurt.  Or have it blended into a smoothie for people on the go!I guess they are expecting to do really well, they have 17 locations already, with two in Vegas alone.  And by the end of 2008, they expect to have an additional 30 more store open worldwide!  Ambitious, aren't they?The girls working there are nice and will let you sample the flavors before you make your choice. I wish the one who had helped us offered a lid instead of sticking a couple of spoons in the yogurt.  We still had to drive home!  (The BF went again last night and this time the girl working did offer him a lid.)They also offer a frequent eater card.  Buy 9 and get your 10th one free!Was the spot before I discovered Yogel's, Uswirl, and Yogurtland opened up. The workers are friendly. Prices are ok, but i'm never going to a NON-selfserve place again cause they always skimp you on the quantity of yogurt. I got yogurt once and as soon as i put my spoon in, the damn thing caved in! It was hollow in the middle. Fruits are fresh though.So...I came to this shop to grab some yogurt because I was in dire need of some yogurt (not that I was in some crazy menopause, menstruation, or pregnancy moment or anything). This place was down the street from my house, and I must admit the prices are really decent! It's 2 for $5 for a small yogurt with one topping. Not bad if you ask me right! And they do those punch card things where you buy 9 items and get a free yogurt. Who doesn't love punch cards! Punch cards are like Pokemon cards. You just collect and collect them. What makes me feel as if they are worthy of 2 stars is the taste of the yogurt. The taste of the yogurt depends on EVERYTHING. So after enjoying the idea of inexpensive, I finally dipped into my yogurt to taste. Complete FAIL! The taste tasted a bit off and less like tart yogurt to me. I might try to come back and try other selections on the list, but I might steer away from the yogurt.So...concluding that I'd even have that question come up in my mind made me decide that I probably won't be filling up my punch card . PLUS! the lady wasn't very helpful, conversational, or friendly! So the service was just as off as the taste of the yogurt tart.Large was not so large that should be their m if not a small;( Boba kind of smoshy;( I got the aloe Boba tea it was a little too sweet for my taste and it had a little too much Boba almost half the cup full. I  don't think I would order it again.The crepe was ok, and the waffles were ok, the ice cream topping was delicious...overall the food was good for the price...although it did take a long time to get 1 crepe & 1 waffle dish considering we were the only customers during that time...well whoever was working behind the counter did not seem like he was too happy to be there anyways....maybe he had a bad hangover from EDC the night before...and of course he was the only one there...but nevertheless...if I have a craving again for butter cinnamon sugar crepes I know where I can get o

Rooms were smaller than the Palazzo and the Venetian.

Have fun  getting annoyed at W.O.B., sheeple!

 You get the gist.Aside from the salty dishes, we ordered gyoza and fried rice. The fried rice was pretty standard and the gyoza was just a bit better from the frozen ones you can get at the store. Neato.

I ordered the pulled pork sandwich which came out barely warm and with almost no BBQ sauce. I had to ask for more sauce. The bun was so wet, like it had been sitting for a while, that I couldn't even pick up the sandwich. I used a fork. I also ordered the sweet potato tots, which I had to send back because they were mushy.

I said yes, "I am going to look at the receipt." I was given  bag of food, then, he handed me the small receipt, without saying a word. I saw what it was, and decided not to make any more of an issue... BUT then, he gave me a cup of coffee that was not filled, followed by a handful of cream and sugar packets... Not in a bag, not in the bag with the food, just dumped them in my hand and closed the window again...So, what was the problem with my order??He rang each item in individually, resulting in a higher price.

The restaurant was busy, but the service was prompt.This was worth trying once.I've never been to an In-N-Out, I've only seen instagram pics and etc so since I was starving and wanted some fries and decided to expand my beef taste buds (I don't eat beef,but when I do it's only Taco Bell and Five guys) so I went through the drive through since inside was packed. I got my meal and sat in my car and ate thinking with such amazing great reviews I'd have the same experience, but no. When I got my food it smelled like fish, the fries were okay, not what I was expecting and the burger was okay. The only good thing about the food was you can taste how fresh the lettuce and tomatoes. Also the girl at the drive through was nice, that's about as all the good things I can say. I'm so disappointed, I was really wanting an awesome meal since I didn't feel like driving to a restaurant in old Scottsdale and waiting for my food and being even more hungry. Either way I will not eat In-N-Out ever again, just not my cup of tea lol. I only give two stars to places I will never eat again.yes 2 stars. Fries were cold and hard, and burger seemed EHH.  I dont have these where I live so I was excited to get one. They did give my dog a patty which I thought was cool. BUT the fries killed it for me and the burger just seemed off.Why are these so popular again???Just went to one for the second time in my life, and was reminded why it is not a "must go" for me.Just an extremely average burger and fries, only the burger is smaller, and the prices are the same.....was over $7 for me to eat a maybe 3" diam Burger meal.I have not had In-N-Out for a long time. I never understood the hype. But I decided it was time to give it another try to remind myself why I wasn't crazy about it. I don't like the standard toppings on their burgers, so I got a plain cheeseburger. I never cared much for their fries so I just split an order with my friend. The fries were so oily that I could not have eaten more than half without feeling sick to my stomach. And I like grease! There is just something about them that doesn't jive with me. The burger was okay, but I would rather go somewhere that I actually like the fries (Five Guys, Culver's, Smashburger, Freddy's, even Wendy's). Sorry In-N-Out fans! I just don't get it.I'm usually a huge fan of In-N-Out, but today must've been just an off day for this restaurant. I had a double-double animal protein burger, animal style fries, and regular fries. Everything just seemed like tons and tons of salt was poured on it. It was way too salty. Next time, I will definitely ask for no salt on the fries. I recommend you do the same or ask for reduced salt.Been here multiple times and every time I do go the food is mediocre. On three separate occasions I received a raw ass burger with my meals which is disgusting this is the only in n out who can't make me a burger that isn't raw to save their life. I only gave it 2 stars because their animal fries be on point but other then that the food is garbage.Never been here, and being from out-of-state, was excited to try it.  We got gipped, ordered and paid for doubles, but only received the singles (to-go order)!  Very disappointing! The meat was good (what there was of it----very small portions of meat, maybe 1/8th pounder at best!  You won't get your daily protein here.) Mostly bread unfortunately--and that was so-so, not good, not bad.  The tomato, onion & lettuce good and fresh.  Fries were really bad!  No flavor, very small short and skinny.  We've had better fries at just about any other place!  And, after they cool just a bit, they are so T-O-U-G-H.  For the money, wouldn't go there again.  For the positive, the employees seemed happy.  But, they didn't get the order right :(   Maybe they are too happy!I can wash my car in my driveway and get good results. I for some reason can not get the glass clean, so off to the car wash I go. Like others I am told right away I need my cracks fixed. I tell them no thanks I like the pretty colors that the sun makes through them. I was then offered an oil change at a discount. No one really gives discounts but I did need an oil change so I said yes. The wash was to come with the oil change. I did ask how long will it take and I was told about a half hour. Two hours and twenty minutes later I am at the cashier waiting for her to get the guy who included my wash with the oil change in the deal to come and tell her, she did not believe me. That taken care of I go out to pick up my car. Oh also when I started I mentioned I am more concerned with getting the glass clean than anything else. I turn toward the street and sun and my windshield is more smugged than if I had done it. that will teach me to expect a car wash to get my windshield clean.It's not a 1 because they didn't steal from us... unless you count charging for the worst car wash ever. Seriously, the next day we let the teens at our church re-wash it during a fundraiser - it was was that bad!

-Prices are way too high for what you get, value is low

Possible Monday night the chef was off, did I have left-overs from the day before?

Die Hauptspeise war schlecht bis gar nicht gewrzt. Einzig die Kartoffeln und das Lamm waren schmackhaft verfeinert. Das Fleisch hatte auch eine gute Qualitt. Zum Essen bestellten wir noch ein extra Tzatziki, welches etwas lieblos prsentiert auf einem Teller serviert wurde.

5. Listening to ridiculously-loud music while patrons "dance", a.k.a. "dry hump".Bottom line:If you're a college kid between the ages of 19 and 22, this might be the place for you. But if you're older or not really into the "club scene", go to Urbana or Downtown Champaign.Smells like puke. Literally everything from floor to ceiling is somehow sticky and drink spillage was everywhere. Drinks are okay... but just okay. The clubby atmosphere is well-crafted but it just smells and feels too gross too worry about coming back.Ugggh I hate this subway.  I hate it the most of any subway I have ever been in, including those I've been to in gas stations.  Especially given that Silvermine is right next door, I would never, ever go here except that I really like the subway tuna salad wraps and the silver mine tuna salad just can't compete.  The vast majority of the employees I have encountered at this particular franchise have been either cross-eyed (no joke) or unwilling to interrupt their cell phone conversations to make me a sandwich.The best part about this subway is that if it weren't so terrible, I probably never would have tried silver mine, and silver mine is awesome.Two Yelp stars is expressed as "Meh. I've experienced better."This is perfectly applied to That's Rentertainment for the following reason: it's a place where people drive their cars to in order to pay money to rent a disc which they then have to watch and return to the location before a certain time or be subject to a fine. True, this is the case with all video rental stores, and comparatively That's Rentertainment is the best around. But that's like saying that Circuit City is the best place to get replacement ink for your fax machine. It's old technology and it needs to die. The internet (whether used legally or illegally) is far and away the most practical and logical place from which to get your movies. If you want to travel into the past, go to the Early American Museum in Mahomet.I appreciate your collection.But its too expensive.Joe's.  Meh.There's always a cover here (sometimes going up to as much as they charge for nightclubs up in Chicago!  Wtf?), the line's always hella long, the floor's always really sticky/crunchy, the crowd's always really trashy/slutty (what can you expect with stripper poles on a stage by the dance floor?), the drinks are overpriced, and the place is always super packed.  So really, if this is what you're into, then you'd probably love it here, but it's just not for me.The crowd you find that frequents Joe's consists of a lot of scantily clad sorority girls and collar popping frat guys.  If you can manage to maneuver your way through the sea of bodies in the hella hot and humid place and manage to secure a pool table, it can be alright with some friends and a beer.  They do have heating lamps and an outdoor area for if you need some fresh air from the stifling bar, but all in all, I would say Joe's is my least favorite bar on campus.The only reason I've ever been to this hell hole is because I knew someone who worked there. You can see overweight sorority girls clumsily swinging around the "poles" in the back bar while attempting to get the attention of one of the bartenders and dodge the puke on the floor.One good thing is that the drinks are RIDICULOUSLY cheap. shots are $2, pitchers can be as low as $4. I would imagine that if you went there in the afternoon you could have an enjoyable happy hour on the patio, but don't go anywhere near this place after 10.Maybe I am missing what the big draw to Joe's is but I feel like C-U and Campustown have better bars around town. Being a grad student, I think the appeal is usually lost. The only plus is that they have my favorite cider (Strongbow) on tap. The service is okay and I am glad that they at least have their own beer. Their food was typical and not memorable and the beer is only okay. Given the choice, I would choose other bars over Joe's.The floor is sticky, packed tight that you can't access either the bar or the bathroom if you wanted. Decent number of options on tap however, and it's leagues above Kam's. However it's a lot trashier in quality than Brother's. At least it has an outdoor section for the nicer times of the year which is a huge relief when you want to get out of the sweaty inane madness that is Joe's.Service was horrible from the start. We waited for an eternity just to get menus. There was even a wait after I personally had to ask them to bring us menus. The waitress said they are very busy but the place was at 40% capacity. I understand if things are going slow but the amount of time before we even got our menus was a little ridiculous.Second biggest problem is that nothing comes out at the same time. We had a party of 6 and 4 menus came out, before the next 2. Only 4 waters came out, before the best 2. All of our burgers came out at different times. Also, between each visit from our waitress, there is a long wait.Now the food. I got the California burger with onions rings. The burger was extremely bland, you hardly notice there is guacamole, bacon or basically anything. I'd be shocked if they even seasoned their burger patty. Only thing worth anything was their perfect onion rings. Today they had half off burgers, which is the only reason why anyone should try their burgers. At full price, I'd rather go to Burger King or TGIF.It's also unfortunate that their 2.00 bud light draft special was broken. I thought they'd replace the deal with something else other than can bud-a-ritas...If you really want to try this place come for half off burgers. On a Thursday. I'm thoroughly disappointed.One of the worst bars on campus. The place gets super crowded and the music is deafening. If you like not being able to move, having drinks spilled on you, and watching underage girls pole dance, this is the place for you.People are generally pretty excited about "half-price burger days" which seems to happen multiple days a week... In my opinion, the burgers are overpriced to begin with and I'm not sure why anyone would visit here if it wasn't A. "half-price burger" day or B. you're just trying to get sloshed with some homies. I've been here a few times and tried their burgers. They're alright. The mac n' cheese side is an upcharge, but it's pretty good, very heavy. Recently, I ordered a veggie burger with no bun (not about to waste my carbs budget on some basic ass bun, ja feel?) and the whole bottom of the burger was burnt and seemed to have something stuck to underside of it. I'm guessing the grill just hadn't been cleaned in a while...If you want a good burger, go to Seven Saints or Destihl. If you're more of looking for a place with a college atmosphere, come on in. This place feels just like your local frat house.Usually love this place til today, my girlfriend and I  saw a roach crawling on a counter for drinks while eating SO DISGUSTINGThis is the ONLY waxing place open on a Monday, and unfortunately my Saturday afternoon appointment elsewhere was cancelled last minute (due to a medical emergency, so I understand).  Erin was very nice, and we chatted the whole time.  However, when I got home and looked in the mirror, not only had she left a bunch of wax on my skin, she missed quite a bit of hair that was to be removed.  That sucks.  I pay to get waxed so I DON'T have to shave, which leaves me a bit disappointed with this waxing experience...I lived here my freshman year, and it definitely wasn't my favorite.  The rooms are big, so at first Bromley felt like a good deal.However, I quickly learned that the walls are thin (probably just two sheets of drywall), and you can hear *every* sound from the room next door.  Even on weeknights, students often yelled and ran through the halls at 3 or 4 am.  As an engineer, I had 8:00 calculus most mornings.  So, I found it impossible to get much sleep, and I often found myself sleeping in friends' apartments, instead.If your goal is to party constantly, this is your dorm.  If you're interested in getting some sleep, Bromley Hall is not your best bet.It can be good, it can be bad. Never attempt to order food for delivery from here. It will take well over an hour and be ice cold and mushy. There is much better drunk food. There is much better sober food. Chipotle is better than this QdobaMeh. If I have to choose between Chipotle and Qdoba, I would choose the former. Both places have ample seating area but when it comes to the taste, Chipotle is far more superior. Do yourself a favor and get something better.I'm sorry, but if you choose Qdoba over Chipotle, then sit down, son - we need to have a talk.If you're coming in here for a burrito, you're better off walking that extra block and getting one at Chipotle.Qdoba is a pretty decent fast-food Mexican place. They care a nice variety of burritos and nachos and everything is pretty tasty considering it's a chain. However, sometimes their burritos are made very sloppily and they leave their nachos out too long and they get stale. If a burrito tears the really should re-wrap it instead of giving it to a customer and no one likes stale nachos. But the killing blow came when they got rid of the Mol burrito. It really set them apart from the competition and their mol sauce was amazingly tasty. Even the more "authentic" local restaurants in the area have not made a mol that tasted as good. They replaced it with a rather disgusting BBQ burrito that pales in comparison. Without the mol burrito there really is no reason to choose Qdoba over Chipotle unless you're looking for nachos in particular. Worse yet they keep very inconsistent hours when students are away. I made a trip to campus town especially to try them again and they were closed... so I went to Chipotle instead.Seeing how little went into my quesadilla, I'm not comfortable with paying over $7. At least use a mixed cheese blend!  And seeing how little effort went into making my quesadilla, I am really not impressed (you would think a labor charge is rolled into the price of food.)Maybe what distinguishes Qdoba are the burritos with their special combos, but I am nonplussed to try them again. Oh well.I used to go here frequently, but I got sick of being charged for every extra thing (peppers, sour cream, etc).  In the end Chipotle ends up being higher quality AND cheaper if you get the extras.  On top of that, their hours are all over the place.  Chipotle is open more frequently.The only reason to go here now is the Queso burrito, but the downsides outweigh the good.  It's worth waiting in line at Chipotle.Chipotle had a line out the door because it's good, but I was in a hurry, so I had to settle on this place. Never any lines to worry about here!Horrible.The place smelled like a three inch road trip inside the lower colon of sick deer.Every employee with whom I spoke had apparently awoken on the wrong side of the bed. Not a smile to be found. And my lettuce was rotten, wilted and brown. That is inexcusable in a restaurant, and surprising to encounter at a national franchise. Who's in charge here? Makes me wonder whether the meat is beyond its expiration date too.Stick with the guys whose door is propped open with customers waiting to get in. An empty restaurant like Qdoba speaks for itself.This place is just alright.  I always get the feeling that I am at a used car lot with them trying to sell me on invisalign, teeth whitening or electric toothbrushes.  I will say the hygienist I saw was pretty good which is why I didn't give this place one star.  She has a technique where the shots do not hurt too bad.  I usually have a problem with them billing my insurance as well.  I also have never been to a dentist that wants to see you every three months and I don't have any diseases/problems.I will give the warning that I didn't actually get to see a dentist here. First of all, there was some discrepancies about when I should show up for my appointment. When I first scheduled my appointment, I was told to show up 15 minutes early which is the time that I put in my calendar. When I received my reminder phone call, I was told a time that was 20 minutes later than what I put in my calendar. I thought it was strange but figured I must have made a mistake so I showed up at the later time. When I got there, I had tons of paperwork (btw....since when does the dentist need your social security number?) to fill out which they seemed annoyed that I didn't show up earlier (even though they told me to show up later). They also hadn't sorted out things with my insurance company. They insisted that they could not bill my insurance company and that I pay up front and ask for reimbursement later. I thought this was very odd so I insisted on calling my insurance company there.  This whole process ended up taking so long  that I ended up having to reschedule my appointment. It took me just a few minutes to sort things out with my insurance company once I got home. I just wish that if they had issues, they would have called me to let me know ahead of time so I didn't have to worry about it when I got there.I will add that they were very kind about letting me bring my bike inside since there's not really any bike parking outside. But, I think I'd rather go to a dentist office that has their act together and is a bit more organized.Let me save you the trouble of coming here. Rainbow Garden is basically all talk and no walk. They invested considerably in the beautiful decor of their restaurant, but the food is rather bland and washy, and the waiters are difficult to talk to, are stuck-up and cop an "I'm superior than you" attitude.We were trying to ask the waiter if he could make the Mongolian Beef *non-sweet* and with straw mushrooms (rather than the ones that come with the dish) but he had so much trouble with the request that after a few minutes, he had to bring the manager to our table, where they both stood by our table with their arms crossed, looking down at us ominously, when the manager plainly said "what is it?"It turned out that they could not fulfill our request as customers, and they were pretty upset about us asking if this mushroom-swap was possible, so they made the rest of our stay hostile and cold, as the waiter stared at us from the corner of his eye while hiding behind some plants. Go to Peking Garden instead. These guys at Rainbow Garden need to lighten up!!I ate it because I was hungry.  I got the spicy eggplant in black bean sauce and mixed vegetables with noodles.  There was hardly any flavor.  In the eggplant dish, they used Japanese eggplant, which is usually really yummy but the way it was cooked here, ti was mushy and just looked gross.  Like really gross. The other dish had no flavor really.  I am not sure what it was missing (well...flavor) but it was just not that good.  The crab rangoon were good though a little too cream cheesy.I dont know. The rest of the dishes that people got looked okay--no one was really raving about how good the food was.  It was reasonably priced.Like I said, I was hungry.  Hungry enough for it again when I am in Champaign? Probably not.The service is rude here. They are impersonal and impolite. The food is ok, nothing outstanding but not horrible. They have really good crab ragoons, and their jjajangmyeon is the best you'll find in champaign. In short: food is decent but service is horrible.I went here on a Tuesday afternoon at about 5PM.  I was the only one in the restaurant, and there was only one hostess that had to juggle answering the phone, serving me, and helping people picking up take out orders.It went smooth enough though, and my order came fast, within minutes. I ordered the chicken with green beans, one of my favorite Chinese dishes back home.  Unfortunately... it's hard to believe I'm saying this, but the dish was completely tasteless . In fact, the only thing I could taste was the oil, and oil does not taste too good... The dish just seemed to be poorly cut chicken and old green beans tossed in some cooking oil and stir fried.  There was a little soy sauce, but it did nothing to add to the flavor, and only added to the color.All and all, the place is nice inside, and for only one waiter, the service was good.  Unfortunately, the food was extremely bland, and I will not be going here again. I probably could have done better at home.I ordered General Tso's Chicken, Moo Shu Chicken, and Chinese spinach online.  Afterwards I got a call saying they were out of the Chinese spinach so I had them substitute for regular spinach, but they didn't even offer to just refund my order or refund the difference between the two dishes.  When I went to pick up the food, I didn't bother to check my order because the receipt had everything correct on it.  However, when I got home I didn't have any General Tso's Chicken, but had green beans instead.  So disappointed. Won't be ordering from there again or eating there if they can't get my food right.I would have ordered from this place again if the driver hadn't of scammed me for an extra dollar.  Look at your receipt!One star for the awesome outdoor seating and one star for the Guitar Hero nights. I stopped going here last week because*I finally had to accept that when you pay with a debit card, the waitress just gives herself whatever tip she wants, regardless of what you actually wrote on the receipt.

Our server let us know when last call was & we got our bill in a timely manner. We all paid cash (which, based on other reviews, I am thankful for!) and got our change promptly.

I was confused by this. I wasn't sure if this was supposed to be ramen or Taiwanese beef noodle soup because it was a combination of both and it wasn't great. 2/5Beef Fried Rice:

First, I ordered my standard grande americano.  I lifted the lid and it looked like drip coffee.  Americanos if done right need to have to what appears like a thin layer of coffee froth called crema. Its not only about the looks the crema shows that it was brewed right and the full flavor is in the cup.  I indicated very politely to the barista that it wasn't done right and it needed crema and that I wanted another made.  She had no clue what crema was and asked another barista/employee.  This time while she was not very rude but rude enough she said that" if I make another one it will come out just like that"!  I asked her if she knew what crema was and she looked at me as if I was some kind of a demanding crazy man.  She got back and got somebody else because supposedly I had created a BIG problem.  Now I am feeling uncomfortable.  I asked for my money back since I see an unwillingness to make another one.  The now even newer person perhaps a young on duty manager said that I was yelling while I was not.  I might have spoken louder than normal but it was warranted and I was by no means yelling.  I told her I am not yelling and she said yes you are! She is now making everything worse! At this point I had it.

Service: 4/5Drove by one Saturday night after 11 pm with the intent of stopping in to check it out but didn't go in because the doors were wide open and they were blaring hip hop.  I'm too old and deaf already for that scene...Meh.That's about it.The menu is small, but I guess that's because they are centered around their "awesome carne asada." It's nothing special. The corn was good, though.Not worth about a 25 minute wait for takeout. I'll stick with La Tolteca, MMMMM!Let me preface this fact: I have eaten what could amount to a family of cows (that would be daddy cow, momma cow and 2.5 child cows) in carne asada during my life. Needless to say I like it. This doesn't make me an MD in C.A. but I've had really good (i.e. Yeah, I loved it so much I'd marry it.) and really bad (i.e. Truly thought I'd die.) and everything in between.That said I'd place America's Taco shop squarely in the middle. Again, it's just my opinion but it was really nothing special. Maybe, and I say MAYBE, I was slightly thrown by the hype and was expecting too much.That alone though wouldn't have merited my two stars. I eat at plenty of places with just-okay quality of food but I go back because of the atmosphere or service. But the fact that the wait was over 30 minutes for two tacos, a vampiro and a burrito was part of it.Also, the help was less than, um, help. Two teenagers with that wonderful teen-approach to service. Example, not knowing exactly what an item includes. Lastly, the prices. A vampiro at most places is the size of a good portioned tostada. At A.T.S. however everything down to the burrito was half the size of what I expected, and pricier. I understand the tacos being small as is traditional for carne asada tacos but don't price them $3 a pop. I could get the same quality and half the price at Food City (no joke).The seating was really limited so this place would probably be best for a pick-up order to avoid the wait.The positives were that that the food came exactly as I'd ordered it and also they served elote (corn) traditional style which you don't see much outside of late night taco stands. Also, the place was clean and the small house it was built into was neat.You mean to tell me I not only spent $4 on a tostada, but spent 15 minutes waiting for it as well?I ordered the Vampiro under the impression it would be quesadilla-esque. How I was wrong. Not only was there no cheese to be seen or for that matter tasted, but there was only the smallest dab of guacamole and onions. While the carne asada wasn't bad, by the time I walked back to my office, it was already cold.The Vampiro was on the small side (for a tostada anyway) and not filling at all. Good thing I had some baby carrots in the office refrigerator.And now I realize why the kid who took my order asked if that was really all I wanted. Here I thought he was just expecting me to be the Noah's Fat Ass Ark and order two of every menu item.Honestly I wasn't all that impressed with this place.

Parking at Scottsdale Quarter is suboptimal in generalThings that weren't their fault:Star Wars, The Force Awakens -My husband and I watched BOSS in premium VIP seating on Friday April 8th 2016 at 2:15. We ordered some food and drinks so my total bill was $85. I gave the attendent a $100 bill and she never returned with the change. I waited for her until the movie ended but she never came back. I was going to give her a tip, but she must have assumed herself that the change was her tip. I can't believe she did that. She didn't even ask if we wanted the change, she just took the folder and never came back. It is proper customer service to bring the change back and then we would leave the tip. Hopefully next time we don't have the same person!!! I would have rated higher but the attendent brought down the experience. It's not about the money, it's about the principle!!!Last weekend was my first trip to IPIC and I really didn't find a reason to return. I agree with a previous review that the seats are an issue. We bought the $16 seats, not the VIP but stillI would expect to be more comfortable than I would be in a regular theatre. I was not.  I couldn't  get comfortable and my low back hurt for three days.Also, we spent $43 on food- 2 popcorns, 2 drinks and chicken strips for the kids. The popcorn was so salty I had to go ask for a new bag. The gentleman working in concessions was kind put out by my request and when I asked for butter he quickly added about a teaspoon full and shoved the popcorn at me like I was a total inconvenience. My daughter ate two bites of the chicken and said it was gross. I took a bite and have to agree - slimy and greasy. My son ate the rest all but said they were't good at all. They do get 5 stars for the lemonade and water though.I had high hopes for the place but sadly it didn't work out.Ate here as we were at a conference and did not have a bunch of time in between sessions. It is just ok not great not horrible. The free popcorn was yummy and the perfect amount of salt. The chicken fingers I split with a coworker were extremely overcooked and dry. Ok when you are rushing between sessions.The reason you get two stars here and not one is the fact that the wait staff is good and the food was decent. However the decor is drab, and well past it's prime. I was here for a conference, and therefore there was not too much of choice to get a cold one and watch the game. There were several TV's, although most of them were small and this place is pretty crowded when you get 15 or 20 people inside. The food was pretty good I must admit, but again the stale green carpet and dark wood paneling leave a little to be desired.Two stars for the food, 5 stars for the bartenders and free popcorn. Sent the dog biscuit dry chicken back, got dry flavorless ribs in its stead. Don't eat here. But great place to come for drinks!This was an incredibly mediocre experience. I am trying to find words to say and things to write, but everything was so incredibly plain and unimpressive that I am not inspired to write anything great or profound. We had a party of 8 and the service was fine. The decor was pretty dated. I had a salad but don't really remember much about it. I'm going to stop now because I have nothing productive to offer, it was that unmemorable.My pho of choice is chicken, and the chicken pho at this place had an unusual flavor - kind of sweet.  But otherwise, not much other flavor.  I had to keep adding soy sauce & sriracha but overall a disappointing meal.  I won't be back.When I was halfway through the long line at Chipotle, they made an announcement that there was no more brown rice.  When I finally got to the front of the line, they made an announcement that they had no more rice at all.  Five minutes later, when they brought out more (white) rice and the line started moving again, they realized they were out of steak.  I love Chipotle, but this was ridiculous!I'm appalled at the manager's attitude. They have a rat problem yet they're still open and serving food. It's disgusting. One ran across my friend's foot last week while she was waiting to pay for a burrito. After she ran out and calmed herself down enough to process what happened, she called the manager. He basically said "...and? We know we have a problem."Before this fiasco, I had been going to this location for about half a year now and I've seen that the level of service has gone down significantly in the last two months. I don't know what happened to the previous team but the servers at the front don't seem to know what they're doing. Lots of standing around and not offering an explanation for the delay. No "sorry, we're waiting on veggies/brown rice/chicken/etc." This causes aggravating and excessively long lines during lunch hour (even for chipotle).The two stars are really just for the nice cashier and the taste of the food. I don't plan on going back to this location unless there's an obvious change in management and cleanliness.I've been to many Chipotle locations, and this one isn't very good. Cramped layout, inefficient staff and no parking. Portion size is below average (I do realize that this has a lot to do with the person serving you). The restaurant is not sparkling clean and the soda/utensils area needs to be tidied up. The food tasted okay, but the salsa was not as fresh as many other locations.I travel for work and go to Chipotles all over the country. This location was below average. The portion size is the smallest I've ever seen with half a scoop of rice and barely any vegetables (I don't eat meat). The service from the staff wasn't rude but wasn't friendly and there was no one athlete goatee to ring me up. Location is decent in Market Square but that's about the only redeeming value of this Chipotle.Many of my friends rave about Chipotle but I don't go to one very often and I have to admit I don't understand the appeal. Anyway, I was in Pittsburgh for the weekend and there was a Chipotle in Market Square that I hadn't tried yet, so I figured I'd go there for lunch. First thing I noticed is the food line was long and slow-moving. This is not a problem unique to Chipotle though. It happens at Qdoba and Moe's as well. The bottleneck is when each customer has to pick the toppings they want. I ordered the burrito bowl with sofritas. This probably depends on the person scooping the rice and ingredients, but in what I got, the portion size was disappointingly small for the price. The dining area is small and cramped for the crowd. Even when I was seated, I had people bump into me a bunch of times, which was annoying. That's probably a result of limited space in a city location. And finally, restroom access requires a key code, which can be found on your receipt, so I hope you saved it.Usually when my family and I go to Olive Garden, we have a 5 star experience. For my sweet 16, that wasn't the case. We were sat quickly, but waited 15 minutes before a waiter came to order our drinks. By that time, we were ready to order, so did that as well. After waiting another 30 minutes, our salad and breadsticks came out. Unfortunately, so did our meal. My father, long past impatient, sent the food back to the kitchen so we could eat our salad and bread without being rushed. Our drinks were frequently empty, sitting on the end of the table waiting to be filled. The manager was called over on multiple occasions, and we almost walked out at one point during the meal. At the end of our night, we were left wishing we hadn't gone. I picked the restaurant because we were always given exceptional service. The manager picked up the check, and gave us a $20 coupon as compensation. This was the worst experience I have had at Olive Garden, and hope it won't happen again.It's Olive Garden, you should expect it to be the same as always. However, I always get the Eggplant Parmesan, and this time it was really bad. I told the waiter and to my surprise the manager came over and was genuinely interested in why I didn't like it this time since I always order it. She comped my meal since I didn't eat it. However, I left full since I did enjoy an appetizer, salad and breadsticks!I used to like Olive Garden, but they've really gone downhill.  Their bread sticks are faint echoes of what they used to be.  And their portion sizes seem to have shrunk.I had the parmesan crusted steak with ravioli.  Thought I'd go for something different.  The portion was small, the parmesan was very weak, and the steak was stringy.  My wife had stuffed chicken marsala.  The "stuffing" was like the stovetop stuff you buy at Thanksgiving.  Seriously.  Prosciutto?  Couldn't prove it by her serving.  I think they may have held up a photo of prosciutto in front of the dish before bringing it out, but it didn't seem to have any in it.  What it DID have in it was salt.  A LOT of salt.  We actually sent it back, it was that salty.  They replaced it, and it was a bit less salty, but still more than it should have been.The pasta fagioli soup is the one thing that still seems to be good.  It's the only thing we've really liked there the past two or three times we visited.That said, I must give them credit for trying to make the salty dish right.  They ended up comping the dish for us, which was nice.  Not that we can really eat it at home either (it's just as salty here!), but my wife is planning to dilute it with something to cut the salt flavor.I had a coupon, so we ordered a dessert.  The layered chocolate torta thing.  It was good.  Not great, but good.Oh...and service was attentive.  It wasn't her fault my wife's dish was so salty.  She (Candy) did a good job.There are a lot better Italian places around.  If you want to do the bottomless soup bowl, that's a pretty good choice.  Everything else is mediocre (or worse).If you wait an hour to get seated, the food and service better be good.  Well the service was pretty poor.  At least the food was good once we all got it.  Also we were there for a birthday and the waitress knew it, but did noting special for it.  However she blew us off when we needed something to go and sing at another table.First off. let me say that I love everything about Olive Garden, great food and staff and atmosphere, nope not this time. I went with siblings and my aunt here on Sunday night. We were seated the minute we had walked in the restaurant. First off our server seemed like she had not wanted to be there and was very flustered, I don't know why seeing as they weren't extremely busy. Whenever they had brought out our salad and bread sticks the salad was fine, but the bread sticks were very tough, like they were stale. I had ordered the Chicken & Gnocchi Soup, what I always get. It all tasted fine except the Gnocchi had a gummy aftertaste. I had ordered the Seafood Alfredo and my aunt had ordered the regular Alfredo because she's a vegetarian. Her Alfredo had basically no Alfredo Sauce! It was dry and she asked for a side of more sauce. My Seafood Alfredo had a very weird flavor and it had a very strong fish taste, because of the scallops, which I ignored. But, almost every scallop tasted sandy, like they weren't cleaned well. The only reason I gave it 2 stars was because of the dessert, and it was amazing. We had all split the Chocolate Raspberry Cheesecake and it was divine. All in all a good place, just had a bad experience for once. But, if service continues like this I won't be a customer here for much longer.This was the worst service we have ever had at O.G. I had never been to this location before but was with a friend that does go to this location often. The server did not write down the order. He got the soup wrong, then the entrees wrong as well. Slow lunch service even though we ordered off the lunch menu that is supposed to be quicker.I would say the staff wasn't the friendliest and the servers were slow to come. The bread sticks were not of the best quality.When a business owner decides to host an event like a CMYE, there is a calculation made.  Ply a dozen or so busy reviewers with nibbles and drink specials, and watch the grateful reviewers pump up the ratings.  I wonder how this calculation will work for the guys at Bask.First of all, I was happy to be able to return to Charlotte for a long weekend and be able to attend this event.  Thanks to Nicole W. for setting it up!  Secondly, the place is great looking.  It really is a very inviting room.  Sadly, the happy stuff stops here.Dudes!  When people bite into a menu item with the name jalapeno in it, they ought to know that is was a jalapeno that they just bit into!  I had two, and had no idea what I was eating!  It wasn't until I looked at the menu and heard others talking that I found out I had just eaten two jalapeno poppers.Speaking of the menu, after a quick glance, I was able to peg it as the most uninspired menu I have seen in a "hip and trendy" place in at least a decade.  Anyway.....the room is very pretty.I will start this off as a positive review but it will likely not end that way...Just saying!Myself and two others came in about a month ago on a Monday night at 7pm. Walked in my first impression was this place is really pretty the white chairs are brave but very nice and then my second thought was we are pretty much the only people in here excluding the 3 women at the bar. Ok no big deal its Monday! why should this place be packed we sit and get a nice booth by the window and order a bottle of wine. Jennifer was our server and was really nice and did a great job!We started our first course which was the Scotch Eggs and Crab dip...neither blew me away but if I had to choose I choose the Chips for the dip! They were great! Other than that the Crab dip was blah it needed something else to it and the Scotch Eggs were just not good they were overcooked and dry with no flavor...move on to the nextI had the French Onion soup along with my sister and my friend had the salad with Candied Walnuts....Soup was good perfect temp and not too big of a serving. Salad was served with 1 Walnut, she asked if she could have more, but really you only put 1 on the salad in the first place! I tried the candied walnuts and wish I hadn't they reminded me of Sour Patch Kids-Nut flavored they were gross, she liked them I did not!Ok 3rd course I had the Surf and Turf- Short Ribs over Lobster Risotto- Sounds great right! It was but it was lukewarm and I wasn't really sure why but whatever I ate about half of it and boxed up the rest!We then ordered the Ice cream of the day which is to be served with Chocolate covered Pretzels- Obviously our reason for ordering it! Well we get it and its just a scoop of ice cream so we ask for the pretzels and she comes back empty handed and tells us they didn't tell her but they don't have any.....Soooo mad at that chef!! 2 bottles of wine and another round of wine later we ask for our check so Jennifer can go home since it was obvious that no one else was coming in! My sister had printed off a coupon for $50 off $100 worth of food well we definitely hit that! So we hand it to her and she comes back with it taken off and then we all just threw our card in and asked her to just to split it evenly on each card please...she comes back and tells us she can't do that because they're system wont let her do so...Wrong answer Ive worked, along with my friend on the same system they have (micros) that thing can do anything!!! That's why people buy them! Well then D-bag owner/Manager/ Bartender walk over and tells us he can't do it so we say that's not even possible for you to not be able to do it. He then says that it only allows one card to be swiped since he had discounted the bill already...Weird and stupid, oh and not TRUE!! It became apparent that he either didn't want us to use our coupon or he didn't want to pay the credit card companies for our 3 charges because other than those 2 reasons I'm not really sure what else his excuse was! In the end they figured something out and it worked out but my friend and I both explained to our server that there is a way of doing it and told her that if we were anybody else we would have just left her a shitty tip because of her bosses stupidity and that he completely ruined our night out by his arrogance...He should either go take the class on how to use his Micros like I had to in the past or go back to England!!My sister summed it all up pretty well in her review (LeeAnn D.) so I won't repeat it all again here.  I will  say my entree was pretty good.  I got the chicken 3 ways, and the fried and bbq style were great.  The orange chicken was not good, and had a lot of black pepper on it.  Mac-n-cheese and haricot verts were also great, but I didn't like the collards.  Though that might be because I guess I don't really like collards in general.Its a shame how the night had to end since I have used restaurant.com gift certificates many times and split the bill after the fact with other people.  If you don't want people to use them and you're going to make it such a hassle, then don't sell them!I want to like Bask. It's over in the NC Music Factory, (which is a great spot if you haven't checked it out yet,) and sits in a cool space that has a very industrial feel to it, with brick walls and nice lighting. I had high hopes. But in all honesty, aside from the company we were with, it wasn't the greatest experience. *Disclaimer*: this review is based off of my experience dining with a 35-girl bachelorette party, which of course is going to be different than getting a table for two, for, or even six. For this reason, I will probably try it again. But if you are thinking about going with a large group, read on...The PLUSes: *when we sat down we noticed that they had put together a menu specifically for our party, with the bachelorette's name on top. We all thought this was a nice personal touch (both on the bridesmaids side as well as the restaurant's.)*we had our very own waiter dedicated to our party. Having waitressed for many years, I thought this was strange to only have one person taking care of a party of 35, but I thought hey, he must be THAT good.*they put up with our crazy bachelorette games the bridesmaids had planned. (My apologies if you were part of the nice party of four behind us trying to enjoy a quiet "couples night out" - we really didn't mean to interrupt your dinner with flying "Weener Cleaner Soaps", and we hope we didn't accidentally sprinkle your salads with "horny goat weed". Yup, all grown up, I know.)*they did not rush us in the least.The MINUSes:*the menu, although it was a nice thought, didn't go over too well. It took our food forever to come out (yes, even taking into consideration the large party), and some of the orders still came out wrong. *about 30 minutes after placing our drink orders, we looked over to see if our waiter was on his way back - turned out he was still taking drink orders on the other end of the table. Not. Good. Thank god the bridesmaids were prepared with those games.*from start to finish, it took us a very long time to get our checks and get out of there to continue on with our night. We sat down at 8:30, and it was 11:30 by the time we were able to pay our bills and get to Butter. Overall, the food was okay - the caesar salad was pricey and a bit overrated, and the salmon was very salty and dry. But I do want to give this place another try with a table of two or four. I want to also add that they did make it right for us: after someone in our group spoke to the manager, they followed us over to Butter and got us all a table with free drinks. What more could a bachelorette party ask for? The timing even worked out for us, since we still had plenty of time to party, but just an FYI for large groups - be prepared to stay for a while. Hopefully a better update will follow...I was really hoping to love Bask - as I've been reading quite a few good reviews. See, it wasn't that Bask was horrible per se, but it was that it just failed to have any "mmmm" factor. Let me explain, "mmmm" factor is when something is so tasty you literally moan outloud in pleasure. Yes, I do this on occasion. We started with the scallop raviolis. They were um, small (3 half dollar sized pockets)...and FRIED. What the heck - we didn't want fried "ravioli"- we wanted pasta. I felt that the menu should have distinguished this, as were really disappointed - this dish was simply NOT worth $10. Another person I was dining with had some crab dip that was well crabless tasting and dry - but we did like the homemade pita very much. For my meal I had a small plate recommendation and went with the spicy grilled shrimp. The shrimp were ok but a bit cool temp-wise. The fried green tomatoes were tasteless. Lastly I had the apple turnovers as I remember reading they were good. They must have ran out of caramel sauce as they used chocolate syrup - and the apples were non-existent. We were expecting big slices but instead got a babies-handful of chopped apple.My $12 citrus fizz drink wasn't anything special and was overly-limey. I wish I had listened to Nicole W. and skipped it! Overall it was just a let-down...and for two apps/ dessert plus one special drink and one beer (with a $25 groupon in there somewhere)   - my portion was just about $40 with tax. Most likely I won't be back. Two stars was being kind.After reading such strong reviews, our expectations were very high. While the location is unique and the decor is quite impressive, the food was actually a bit disappointing. The appetizers were so small they were completely in adequate to share. The brioche bread on my wife's sandwich better resembled wonder bread. And the service was extremely slow... It took nearly 25 minutes just for dessert to come (which turned a lengthy meal into 2 1/2 hrs). Overall, a nice location but the overall experience better earns an average rating.I was very excited from the reviews to try Bask but was not impressed at all. We had the Crab dip for an appy and the Wolf fish with pea puree and mushroom dust for dinner. There were many things wrong with our whole meal and for the money we spent I was very dissapointed. The toast points they serve with any dip are drenched in butter and the crab dip was average. The fish was ok but for it was not worth 22 dollars. There was a smear of pea puree and the plate was "dusted with a truffle dust" I guess that is why it was so expensive. The portions were incredibly small and we left hungry. Maybe we ordered wrong but I will not go back or recommend going again.this is another place with potential. The menu sounds awesome if executed correctly. What drew me in was duck fat fries. I. LOVE. DUCK FAT! However, the only thing that saves this place are the milkshakes. I got an oreo one and it was super creamy and delish. So i ordered a bull's balls (fried risotto balls), holstein sliders, and duck duck goose burger with duck fat fries. The risotto balls stuffed with veal was delicious but could have had creamier risotto on the inside. The lardo on top was amazing but lardo tastes good no matter what. Theres no skill involved to make pig fat taste good.holstein sliders were okay sliders but i've had better.My DUck duck goose burger was a huge disappointment. Its a beef patty stuffed with duck and foie gras sounds awesome right?! and i ordered it medium rare. IT WAS DRYY AS a mother! and the duck fat fries..........lets just say i rather have McDonalds. no duck fat flavor which makes me wonder do they even use duck fat?! FAILLLLLLAlso a note on the service. I waited my entire meal to get a glass of water. -___________-'Hit Holstein's for lunch today.  sat at the bar.  Since i had to go back to work - no drinkie - had some root beer called rat bastard ( $5 ) - ok order kettle chips ( $6 ) Gold Standard Burger ( $17 - add $2 more for onion rings ) Cool looking place, in the mall area of the Cosmo - place was hopping today.Guy next to me seated 3-4 minutes after me - he gets his malt and sliders before i get my chips and/or burger....in fact, i never get my chips - the bartender didn't  hear me .....okaaay.The burger - asked for it medium - it was juicy but no hint of pink at all ...none ... since the burger was juicy i can live with it.  My guess a quarter pounder, but not sure - overall, i liked it - the goat cheddar complimented the meat, lil micro greens were a nice touch and  bacon was all good  but $17 .... not sure about the pricing.  Onion rings were also decent but nothing out of the ordinary.Will i try again ?  yeaaah - i want to try some of the sausages they apparently make in house.A pet peeve - they make mention of everything made in house yet what do they bring me when i get the plate of food - bottled catsup and mustard ( i believe heinz and french's ) - geez guys, can't you make it yourself ?  or at least put the stuff in a fancy container ?   At least they didn't pull a kgb and when i ask for mayo they throw me a few "to go" tear open mayo containers .pics will be posted later todayI will start out by saying, this place has good food.  I ordered the Rising Sun Kobe burger. It was totally awesome and worth 16 bucks."Why the shitty 2 star review Kate?" You ask.  I will splain it to you...So its about 4pm on a Monday. The place is not packed.  Its our last meal in Vegas before we drive back home. We walk up the the hostess, tell her party of 2.  She asked us if we wanted to be at the bar or in the restaurant.  I tell her restaurant.  She says the wait till be 20 minutes.  I then say, if the bar has regular tables, then we can swing that. She says yes, and then takes us to a coffee table.  I dont want to eat a burger at a low table. So we move to the bar.Bartender/waitress-  Shes a case.  I ordered a diet coke. She says "really?"  ....yes....really. She then also proceeded to criticize my fiance's order. "Thats really small you know. are you sure thats what you want?"  She also complains about her co workers not getting her??? wtf . At some point she tells this couple next to us, that shes young but knows her drinks?? As if they give a shit.  The whole time shes just talking to us sarcastically and then at some point im quite positive that shes hitting on my dude.  I can appreciate that they want the staff to be cool/tattooed/young but these people lack any basic customer service skills.  I will assume they will get many complaints before they figure out how to staff this place properly.  If you can deal with these morons, then eat here.  The food is for sure really good.  maybe you will have better luck than we did.TERRIBLE SERVICE - but the food was good.  I know this place is new, but my experience was ridiculous.  Tons of staff members, very few customers and we still ended up waiting for nearly an hour for our food, had drink orders forgotten and had to ask 3 times for silverware from the same person.  Good food, but not sure it is worth the aggravation...Our first interaction in Holsteins came via our douche-tastic waiter who, upon our sitting, proclaimed, "HEY! WHAT'S UP???!" My English boss, with his best sarcastic manners, responded, "Well, hello?"Though I didn't catch his name, waiter-man-boy was annoying and slow. He never brought the promised samples of beer, proclaimed Boddingtons (an English bitter) was a white/wit beer and took so long to bring extra cranberry sauce for the sawdust-dry turkey burger I ate, it was long choked down before he reappeared.Beyond service, the food wasn't substantial, but some in our party loved their burgers.Kettle Chips - like any other kettle chip.

Lacking more flavor then the kofta, do they not season the food at all?...Lime Soda 1/5

We had family we recommended to camp their with us.  Our cousin was disabled and asked to be put near us.  They were only staying for a couple nights but they would not honor their request.  Instead, they gave them a site a good distance from the bathhouse and on the other side of the park from us.  The park had plenty of available sites!

4. Understaffed - we had to wait a long time before someone helped us.

*Fast elevators - very efficient

And how the staff is waiting on a text from the ownersThe place needs the pizzazz it once had back ...My wife and I were very excited to try this place since it was so highly rated on yelp, but boy were we disappointed. Here's a quick run down of our disappointments:1. We ate inside and it was stifling hot. This was a hot, muggy August night and it was more uncomfortable inside than out. Everyone was sweating just sitting there eating their dinner.

We LOVED the bartender Alex!! Very knowledgeable on food product and customer service! He invented a drink the BLOOD ORANGE JALAPEO margarita ask for that, it took a while to make, but it was delicious!The server although very nice was NOT knowledgable or refined!  Pulling out a paper to read the specials , wiping her nose at tables with her ... Wrist !! Her announcement to the table as to what was ordered .. All classic moves that will help this restaurant to meet its demise ! Great concept .. Beautiful bar , poor execution!Alex tried hard to get us to come back - provided improvements are made would entertain the idea but only at the bar with Alex serving us!The sign says Tuscan Cuisine, but it really isn't very Tuscan. They brought me some "Faccacio bread", but it was far too soft and gaumy to be Faccacio. The "dipping sauce" was oil with sun dried tomato, not olive oil as you would find in your usual Italian restaurant. After talking with the waitress I ordered the Wild Mushroom Ravioli with steak tips. It cam with far too much cheese sauce and was more lava than ravioli. Even the glass of Sangiovese wasn't that great. Maybe I am too picky being Italian and having been to Tuscany over a dozen times. I imagine some would like the style but not me.We went here after a baseball game. Not the best italian ever and really really over priced. I got 3 ravioli for like $25, and neon orange asiago (it shouldn't even be orange) dip for like $20. Definetly NOT worth it.We came to this restaurant as a result on not being able to get in somewhere else. It was not crowded and did not wait for a seat (it was about 3pm on a Saturday). We had two little kids with us, and while our server was generally nice, she seemed to be 'out of it'.  We asked several questions about drinks and meals (mostly for the kids) and just got a weird stare. The food, specifically the Greek salad with chicken left much to be desired. The greens were ok, but the chicken was chewy and rubbery. We sat outside because it was a beautiful day, and there was a man standing at the host station. He glared at us the entire time. It was not just me who noticed this. It made me uncomfortable, the kids were not misbehaving at all, so I honestly couldn't figure out the problem here. Perhaps it was just an off day for this place, but i will unlikely visit here again.Service was beyond bad. We had to chase the waiter down from start to finish and he seemed incapable of getting any part of the service right. Service was a huge disappointment. From not having our first three choices of wine in stock (we ended up ordering mixed drinks instead), to sloshing a drink down our back when the drinks finally did come, to coming back and asking us for our order three times because the waiter couldn't remember (just write it down please!), to serving us a basket of bread that we had to chase him down for... and when the bread came looked like it was left over from someone else's table (we had to ask the manager for a new basket of bread), service was a complete joke and entirely unprofessional.  To make matters worse, the waiter had a bizarre, borderline hostile attitude that made us uncomfortable with what he might be bringing us out of the kitchen that would be worse than a leftover bread basket. We ordered calamari as an appetizer which we saw come out of the kitchen and then make its way around the restaurant for 5 minutes before we had to speak up and tell them that it was our appetizer. We contemplated just paying the bill and walking out. There is something seriously wrong with the management of this place. I could tell that several other tables were feeling some of the same frustration we were. Definitely in my top 3 worst dining experiences from a service perspective. The food took a bit long to arrive, but in all fairness I have to say that the food itself was good. I had the crab cakes which were very good. There were 4 of us at dinner and everyone was happy with their food.  If I were rating just the food I would give 3 1/2 stars. Our bill for the four of us was about $175. That included one round of drinks (they were out of olives for my martini, but that's a story all by itself), an appetizer for the table and our entrees. It was a bit on the expensive side, but not ridiculous.  We spoke to the manager about the service and he did give us a $50 gift card for our next visit and covered our $7 valet fee. I'd say this was a fair attempt at making up for the bad service, but we would have much rather have had a good service experience instead. Overall the food was good, but the extremely poor service is much more memorable and likely a future deal-breaker. I understand that one waiter is not the entire service staff, but there is something deeper going on here. Doubtful we'll go back even with the gift card, but if we give them another shot and they do a better job... I will certainly post that review as a follow-up.Would not return here. Food was so-so but the lobster bisque was excellent.  We were there with a large group and individual checks. When the bill arrived my husband was busy so I took care of the check. I made an error with the tip leaving only 10%. It was an honest error. I Aways leave at least 20%. Server walked past my husband and made a snide remark about the tip which I over heard. Looked at my receipt and realized my error. My husband and I made up the difference in cash but the server never apologized for her rudeness. Sorry, but mistakes are made and even if the tip is only 10% the unprofessional behavior is uncalled for.Had pizza(carbonara)and a salad. The salad was small and sad..  The food was ok but I have had better for the price. If your going to charge so much at least put some salad on the plate. I understand and appreciate the freshness. But not worth the wait and the services was poor. The prices are very high. Maybe spend the money on your staff. Probably will pass on a return to this place. Im sticking with Pizza Brutta better service and less cost for same quality pie.This location is mostly run by high school kids and the service suffers...The drive through is slow and the inside is usually not kept very clean like some other locations. When I was in here the garbage can was overflowing with trash. The food is typical McDonald's standards but will occasionally get a cold order of fries. All in all slightly below average compared to other locations but is one of a few options in this community.Having moved to Estrella only a few weeks ago, I have only visited this McDonalds one time. However, like many other reviewers, I was disappointed with the lack of cleanliness. The food was acceptable.I have spoken with others in my community who agree with me that this location does not seem to be up to McDonalds' standards. One of my neighbors told me he expressed a concern to franchise management, to no avail.Hey, corporate McDonald's, are you paying attention to these reviews? Do you care?I'm very disappointed with the food at this establishment considering the good reviews on Yelp.  I ordered the combination fried rice.  The portion was large but very greasy and tasteless.  The meats were of poor quality.  Some cubes were pure fat, others were chewy and inedible.  My friend that was with me was equally unimpressed with his plate.This was my second time here . They have really big portions which is good but the food was flavorless to me. The price was still pretty moderately priced . I won't be back I rather eat Thai food or China Mama next time!I saw all the great reviews for China Hot Wok and decided to give them a try. As with every other type of cuisine, reviews are subjective. I ordered a pretty healthy sized order for the family; 2 orders of chicken skewers, 2 orders of pot stickers, 2 orders of BBQ Pork Fried Rice, 1 order of NY Style Chow Mein (Chicken), 1 order of NY Style Chow Mein (Pork), and 1 order of Sesame Chicken.The food smelled amazing as we drove home to eat!! But, there were some issues. Here's what we liked / disliked:

Friendly service (only if they are not busy)

first time?  See Ka because there is actually a storyline!  Or

I also noticed the staff were VERY young, no older than their mid 20's so it's clear they are not experienced with providing a high level of service.  There was also a group of teenagers that went barreling through the restaurant from the adjoining casino, creating noise and bumping into everything in their way.  A normal restaurant wouldn't stand for this.  But the leadership here had no issue. I assume that much of the hospitality leaders are educated at UNLV in Vegas.  If this is the case for this restaurant, parents don't send your kids or your money to this school.Fun maybe, but as far as food goes, not very good. If your party is just looking to get a laugh and wow as smoking fishbowls of brightly colored alcohol this is perfect but as far as the food is concerned, you can definitely find better and for less. my gf's pasta was too salty, and the pasta itself was dry and stiff. my steak salad was over dressed, though, the steak itself wasn't too bad. I think that if you stuck to a few things on the menu like the steak or the burger, you might do okay, but really, for the price, you can find a much nicer experience. a bit of a disappointment after the other meals I had in LV. perhaps I just wasn't quite in that kind of partying mood. service was okay, though a little confused at times.Food is good... service is slow... prices are high... music is loud. Eh.2.5 stars20 minute wait for over-priced mediocre food.I ordered their steak sandwich medium rare and it was really tough to eat. The steak came out more rare (at least it wasn't over cooked) and was so chewy the whole slab came out of the sandwich. I had to use a fork and knife to eat this. To top it off, the steak had NO flavor. I guess at least it wasn't over salted? More like no salt at all lol. Oh, and I paid $20 for this almost inedible sandwich, but at least most of the fries were good.  Some were definitely soggy :/There are so many other good places in Vegas to eat. I would pass!Eh.   Ok.  The actual restaurant is very loud and service is mediocre at best.  I was looking forward to this place because of the great menu but once I was there it was underwhelming.  Skip it and eat somewhere else.I think I would have enjoyed my visit to Sugar Factory much more if I had either A. Been able to order off the breakfast menu (WHY do places stop serving breakfast at 11am in Vegas?! Makes no sense to me) or B. Grabbed some confections on my way out. I was tired, hungover and in desperate need of some carbs when my girl friend and I hit up SF on our way out of town, so I wasn't too pleased to wait 20 minutes for a table only to see so many open tables in my immediate vicinity. But whatever, moving on. Service was fine - nothing horrible but nothing to write home about. I ordered their signature burger for $17 which came on a scrumptious white chocolate bun. The burger itself was good but it arrived with tomatoes after I requested to have them left off, and cooked well done when I had kindly asked for medium rare. My friend ordered the French dip which she seemed to enjoy, and the spinach artichoke dip we had as a starter was good enough - not too chunky, not too runny - so all is not lost in the Sugar Factory kitchen. Lunch for us girls including an alcoholic beverage each, an appetizer and two sandwiches came to a little over $70. I wouldn't say no to a return visit if someone suggested it, but I'm in no hurry to rush back.Honestly, out of all the place we ate, this place seemed like a rip off. First off, their goblet drinks are $36. Granted, their huge and I would certainly end up on my butt if I finished one, but we ordered two appetizers, two drinks, and a side of tater tots and the bill was over $100. Our drinks were very good, but the entire meal for the price was a bit overboard. Also, their candy is $13 per pound. Yikes! Still, it's a very cute place but I recommend going here only for drinks, not food. Servers were just ok.2.5"Meh. I've experienced better"Yep, that describes it. I think this was a bad experience because of the bartender.  I had a mere three gummy worms in my gauntlet. I was disappointed and the bartender told me she'd get me more. So I waited... and waited... and waited until the dry ice stopped working. My boyfriend had to ask her where were the rest of the gummy worms and she finally gave a whole bunch to me. I make a point with this because you pay a lot for this drink. It is not the cheapest drink in the world, so if I want a good amount of those gummy worms, it better be in there! Lucky for her, the drink was super yummy.Not to be confused with the trendy club upstairs, the Sugar Factory is simply and average quality restaurant.  Few stars and the honest poor reviews speak volumes. A fun place with great desserts would be an a good addition to dining options in Las Vegas, but the Sugar Factory just doesn't cut it.  We came here late at night and had milkshakes.  Nothing special, though I must admit I'm not a big milkshake fan.  I thought it would be what I consider a malted but it was thicker and more like whipped ice cream you get out of one of those machines.  Not great.  The service was good and our server was helpful and even a bit apologetic about the quality of our milkshakes.  I limit sweets and so when I do indulge i want something that's a guilty pleasure.  Perhaps something here would fall into that category but I doubt I'll come back to find out. With so much to do and so many places to eat in Vegas it's easy to skip the Sugar Factory.Spend your money elsewhere. The food is okay, not really worth the amount they charge. The best thing to order from here would be the drinks. I will not take that away from them. I believe that when we my food is served it should be hot and fresh. The fries were seasoned well but my food was lukewarm by the time it arrived. A very small amount of fries were put on the plate. I ordered the Double BLT Grilled Cheese and it definitely could have been better, nothing special. The only thing that is reasonably priced are the desserts. The red velvet sundae was good, not to overwhelming and not to small. Customer service is not welcoming and barely check up on you to see if you need another drink or anything. Must have just been the waiter. Be careful, they like to charge twice so just make sure you check your bank account. Instead of charging my tip and total together, they charged separately. I was charged once for my meal, and then charged again for my meal including tip. $40, the first time, $50 the second time. I like the candy store, but the restaurant should uphold their reputation and pricy foods by their performance and actions. Not worth the money or time....Go to Serendipity instead, although the food there is also pricy, it tastes MUCH better, & the desserts are excellent. They fill your plate and dessert with a great amount of food. The customer service is MUCH better and more personalized and comforting. Not too overly involved but you feel welcomed. I also did not get charged twice for my meal, which Sugar Factory has done nothing about. I will not be going to Sugar Factory again, don't waste your time & money.Low quality ingredients, mediocre food, horrible powder hot chocolate, lukewarm coffee, but very good martinis and all overpriced. Don't expect the same Sugar Factory from three or four years ago.Okay so the only reason why they get 2 stars is because the server was nice. The food is overly salty and mediocre at best. There are plenty of better restaurants. We decided to order the white gummi drink. Basically you are paying $40 for candy and smoke. Didn't even get buzzed of this massive sized drink. I don't think there was an ounce of liquor in it. Totally not worth it. The place is super loud. It's had a feel of a night club.Not impressed.  Our waiter was not personable, the food was overrated, and pricey.  I ordered Alfredo with chicken.  The noodles were undercooked, the chicken was cut into cubes (seriously??), and the Alfredo sauce was minimal.  The meal was less than "savory."Terrible service...  Do you ever go somewhere and just want to end it all while you sit at the table waiting??  Quite unfortunate, however I really have nothing else to say about this experience.  We did eventually get to order food, however no drinks which was quite bizarre till it was worked out.  We also eventually saw some of the food...  Not 3/4's of it, given the service issues that I may have mentioned, but a few bites here and there.  Needless to say, we didn't actually eat the food, as it was time to take our business elsewhere.  Good luck with this place if you choice to waste your money here.  With so many other better options within a crawl, I don't understand how this place stays open... boo....The Sugar Factory just does not cut it for me when it comes to quality desserts. And I am expecting quality because of the prices that you are paying. However, the Sugar Factory will stay as a nice gimmick to let people see on the strip. I have had 3 visits here and I can truthfully conclude that it is not my favorite place to be.1st- Just trying it out and had their pasta. It was overly cheesy and it left me feeling disappointed, but my friend enjoyed his French Dip. Frozen Chocolate however was delicious.2nd- Bought their "New Years Package" to ring in 2012 and this time was probably the best time out of the bunch. The manager was handled all of the booking and payment answered every email I had with inquiries very diligently and I appreciated that. For about $175 per person we were able to dine window-side inside and had a fantastic view of the strip. Our table was beautifully decorated with many fun adornments for us to use when it came time for the fireworks and also a complimentary glass of champagne for celebration time. Our server that night, however, was NONEXISTENT! The only things he did was bring us our drinks and took our food order. The busser was who came out to give us our food. This completely pissed me off because gratuity was already added on to take care of him. Of course there were times where we wanted to order more, needed refills, or something else and he was either on his phone near the back of the room or nonexistent. The food was seriously lacking with tasteless angus steak and the best thing was the crabcakes. Nonetheless, when it came time for the fireworks, we went right on outside and counted down with everyone else on the strip.3rd- We had a party of 8 and I attempted to get a table for us around 9 PM. Plenty of open seats and the rest of my party went to the "treats" section to look at everything since I had people visiting from out of town so this place intrigued them. I was told by the hostess to go round up my party again and we would be seated immediately. I rounded them up after they just started looking around only to be told it will take 5 minutes to seat us, but it ended up being about 10 minutes. I am not trying to be picky, but if you are going to tell me to do something then also follow up on your promise as well please. I was told from our server that they no longer had Frozen Hot Chocolate so I opted for the Cookies and Cream Shake which I honestly have to say was even better! Overall, if I can avoid going here again.. I would definitely avoid it. High prices for sucky food and desserts. Best things are their expensive shakes, lol.As most of the reviews state overhyped & overpriced sadly.I was looking forward to this place but left with an icky feeling in my belly.Service was OK..

The free Breakfast was stopped at the same time,,,  again a shame to take even such a small perk away - it was one I'd specifically get up early for,,,

Service was very slow and unprofessional.Overall, this was a big disappointment ! I am never coming back unfortunately.We went here for my  husband's birthday with a bunch of friends and I was disappointed. Although it was a Saturday night, the place was still quite empty when we arrived around 7pm and it still took a half hour to get our drinks--which were nothing special! Getting our food was also a drawn out process!  The service was slow, and I mean S-L-O-W! We ordered a mix of probably 60 sushi pieces--which were good, but I've had better...much better. Therefore we won't be returning. I don't recommend this place for true sushi lovers, this place is average at best.English will followTrop cher, service long le midiJ'y ai t sur l'heure du lunch et l'endroit tait particulirement bond. J'ai command les huitres qui taient trs bonnes. La prsentation tait trs belle; les huitres sont places un lit de gros sel. Mais n'taient pas dcolle du fonds... Une trs bonne vinaigrette  l'ail tait fournie. Le risoto tait dcevant, aucun lgume, qu'un gros plat riz avec du homard sur le dessus... On s'attendait  plus.Aussi, je suis tomb sur une huitre avarie. J'en ai fait la remarque  notre serveur et il m'a remerci du commentaire, mais sans plus. J'imagine que a fait parfois partie des risques lorsqu'on commandes des huitres?Le serveur visiblement dbord ne nous a pas apport de pain et le service tait trs long. En attendant notre facture, nous commencions  perdre patience et j'ai remarqu que les gens des autres tables alentour taient dans la mme situation.En rsum, je suis prte  ressayer le soir, mais le midi, le service est trop long et les plats sont trop chers pour ce qu'on retrouve dans l'assiette. Je ne parle pas de la quantit mais plutt de la qualit et de l'exprience. Aussi, ne vous laissez pas berner par leur affiche " partir de 18 $ pour le midi"; le seul plat  18 $ c'est le boudin, les autres plats tournent alentour de 25 $, entre et dessert compris.

Explication : on nous a plac tout au fond du resto prs du fumoir. Cependant la porte entre la salle et le fumoir s'ouvrant et se refermant constamment au fil des passages des serveurs et des clients, l'odeur de tabac est vite devenu lourde.Nous attendions depuis un bon 10mn qu'on vienne prendre notre commande quand j'ai interpell une serveuse afin de lui demander s'il restait de la place   l'avant du restaurant. En effet, l'odeur nous indisposait fortement d'autant plus que je suis enceinte.La serveuse s'en va au bar semble signifier le problme  un autre employ et finalement quelques minutes plus tard repasse devant nous en nous ignorant.Apres 15mn sans prise de commande ni mme proposition d'un verre d'eau nous avons dcid de partir.Fast, young, cha-Ching.  If you don't have insurance don't go there.  My wife had an extraction, temporary, crown and a follow up  for $1000 - no insurance.  My cost here was going to be $3300 for the same thing(?). Hmmm.  Notice none of the other posts talk about cost.I had an appt here about a year ago...it was ok. I needed to have a periodontal work done and they were able to get it done that same visit. I wish I would've waited because after the numbing (about 10 places in my mouth), and the cleaning, I went to work with my mouth in excruciating pain, blood dripping everywhere and my face looking like I just went a couple of rounds in a boxing ring. the following week I took my 2 yr old to get seen. She was very hesitant in getting in the chair to take x-rays and instead of trying to comfort her they told me to just bring her back when she's ready....needless to say when they called me to make a follow up, I told them my daughter was welcome elsewhere....Most painful cleaning I have ever had. I have not bled during a cleaning in several years. I also told the tech and the dentist that my jaw had previously been broken a few years ago. I give this information to all dentists to inform them that I cannot hold my mouth open for long periods of time. The dentist came back with "well I cannot prescribe you painkillers, you need to go somewhere else for that."Way overpriced.  Good food but make sure you ask prices of Specials.  They sock it to ya. Learned my lesson. Drinks overpriced as well.Lets be honest and put it simply.........absolutely would not go back!  Overpriced and food very average or below.  Very disappointing!!!   Bread was fine, but, bread is bread.  I give this place less than one year!!Wife's part Italian. Been to Italy numerous times. Knew it was expensive and expected food to be equal.  Wasn't.  Ordinary food at extraordinary prices.  Good veal osso bucco (special. $48, w/ no mention of price and I was too stupid to ask before ordering) on a great risotto, but that was as good as it got.  Greasy Calamari ($16) could have (and may have) come pre-breaded straight out of a bag (marinara sauce, however, was very good).  Radiccio salad w/ anchovy dressing tasted not at all of anchovy.  Carpaccio on arugula salad was fatty & tasted of truffle oil...at $18 for an appetizer, I expected more.  Scallops came 4-on a plate for $33 (nicely done, but very lonely). House special tortelloni stuffed w/ lobster was pasty, gummy w/ house-made pasta nearly raw...and darned if we could find any lobster...sent it back and was taken off bill.  No explanation, no apology,although they offered to get something else.  Oleaginous service was inept for a fancy place (plates removed while others were still eating, etc.)  Dashing around with accents does not a quality Italian restaurant make.  Same chain tried in 90's in Scottsdale and failed.  Same will probably happen again here.We live in the area so decided to out the new BiCE, we have seen the "opening soon" sign for almost a year now and after researching it online where excited to try it.The Pro's* Very nice remodel to the old Michaels' place, looks nice, modern, and almost hip. * Food was pretty good, not as good as should be expected by this price point, but still good tasty dishes.The Con's* They did not have our reservation down, but luckily we got a table.* The staff here needs some serious training if they expect to compete in the fine dining market here in Scottsdale. The bar tender is in way over his head for a upper end type bar. * Wine list needs help.* The manager seems very ambitious, but to a point of being fake.* The waiter, who was very hard to understand, seemed like he just got his first job as a waiter. He had a hard time answering questions and didn't seemed to have the experience we would assume should come with this type of place.* Service seemed very slow all night, we sat there with our finished plates for 20 minutes before they noticed. * Dessert to another 20 minutes to get, and the check another 20 minutes............................................................................................................................................................................it just went on forever...........................

*Originally told wait was 10-15 mins and then it became 25-30 mins*There was a very large cockroach scaling the wall by our booth. The surrounding parties had to get up and move

- I had a straight whisky, though friends had a cocktail that they failed to finish as it just wasn't very nice, which is something of a failing in a cocktail that you've paid a fair whack forSo, if you're in the city and looking for a drink - particularly an unusual or exclusive whisky - then this is just the place for you, so long as it's just about empty.Whiski Rooms is one of those places that you think is a bit of a tourist haunt, but also heard good things about it, so, whilst out checking out Fringe shows, thought we would stop in for a quick bite. That was the first thing to slip... time - while we had over an hour to eat, we had to rush eating by the time the food finally showed up and the SR actually had to pay the bill while I finished up. The SR went for the burger, the Venerable Nephew selected haggis (while in Scotland...), and I opted for the vegetarian version. Bless the VN's description of his meal, that 'looked as if it was doused with hay' (that would be leeks). Sadly, it was a disappointment across the board - bland haggis, underseasoned potato, a very peaty whisky sauce that was super 'loud' compared to the rest of the meal. At least the sauce came on the side and you could pick how much you wanted (ordrown your plate, as my VN did.... oops). Others do it better, sadly. Wait staff were perfectly pleasant, though.Really disappointed in the business interaction we had with Pursuit Pest Control for two reasons. 1. They don't show up when they said they would. We had rescheduled our initial appointment with John from Pursuit Pest due to a family emergency and had agreed upon them coming in the morning. I had written it down in my planner (in pen) to come between 8-10am and rearranged my work schedule to be available. Well 9am, 10am, 11am came and went...nothing! So I call them to see what's up. They insist that it was that afternoon. Um, no it wasn't...they just forgot and are trying to cover their butt. Well, my husband was able to be there in the afternoon so we say, okay come on out then. If this was it, we would have been fine...2. They changed their deal from what was agreed on the phone. The technician finally came out at 315pm. We had been quoted $35 for the initial then $80 to cover the next 3 months. Well, when my husband looked at the deal they were going to require us to sign a YEAR agreement. We said no that's not what we had been told, the technician (Michael who was actually super nice and the reason they 2 stars not 1) calls his boss who says they'll do a one time outside spray only for ~$75?!! no thanks.Very disappointed with the unprofessional behavior of the owner, who doesn't keep appointments and tries to lock you into a new deal the day of apts. Beware! Triple confirm your appointments and read the small print with these guys!Super standard post office.  It's small so there's always a line, but they have the automated machines here.  Kind of disappointing that when I buy a stamps at the machine, it custom prints them and they're not normal forever stamps.  Also the machine is slow as balls.I get that it's just a post office, but the dismal treatment we got from the staff in trying to find an appropriate shipping tube just surprised me.  When we asked for help, and they didn't have what we wanted, they just shrugged and started talking to the next person.  We finally ended up at a nearby PostalNet and had our needs taken care of.Ugh how I hate going to the post office. Long lines, unfriendly service, unhappy people.  This place is probably one of the worst. The line moves very slow for the counter because there aren't enough employees working it and it's just always messy. I honestly try to avoid going in line and try to use the self service center but that too had a long wait yesterday. People who don't know how to use it really should wait in line and speak with a postal service employee and not take 20 minutes trying to figure out how to print a priority mail stamp for an envelope. I wanted to pull my hair out. lolI promise any kind of government or state establishment ALWAYS has long lines and horrible customer service.. Terrible that it has to be that way but it's just facts! So I had to visit this location the other day because I needed to send something certified mail and of course once I walk in it's the line from hell.. What can I do but wait? Nothing so I went ahead and continued to be patient to only have to wait some additional time when it was my turn to be helped. Guess the guy needed a coffee break? Sheesh at least finish the line of people who've been waiting but then again not everybody has the kind of work ethics that I do.. But anyways the price for stamps has increased severely and I can't even remember the last time I needed to mail anything and lick a nasty stamp ha!Waitress was very prompt and friendly. Service was good, food not so much. The food was was you'd expect from a chain restaurant. Probably buy white sauce in 55 gal drums. A lot of folks seemed pleased with the food, but maybe because the prices were low.Meh.My husband and I were seeking a super cheap and filling breakfast when we stumbled upon a Hungry Boy's 2 for 1 coupon. How can you beat that?The layout and building is very strange. I think it used to be a tokyo express or something. Tables are cramped.Service was fast, friendly, and efficient. My coffee was always filled as soon as it was empty.Unfortunately the coffee sucked and so did the food. The coffee tasted like water and I did not get any sort of a caffeine buzz from it. The food wasn't terrible tasting but it didn't have any taste to it whatsoever. My husband had the basic egg, hash browns and bacon breakfast. He wasn't impressed. I had the veggie omelet with home fries. The veggies in the omelet consisted of bell pepper, tomato, mushrooms, and onions (which I omitted). Really I think these are the only veggies they probably have in the whole restaurant besides iceberg lettuce. It is that sort of place. Even Denny's has a better veggie selection. I like how they described the mushrooms on the menu as "tender". Haha. That is because they were canned. The omelet had waaay too much cheese in it. I had to pull some out to avoid choking. The home fries had absolutely no flavor. I did like the wide variety of sides to go with your breakfast. I chose the french toast. Again it had no flavor. And the syrup was watery! Like the coffee.I never thought I would say this sentence ever in my life but... Denny's is better. I think that (just like the Olive Garden and other mediocre chain restaurants) people who frequent places like this prefer quantity over quality. They are satisfied with overly processed and bland foods. As long as they are supersized.We went here on a restaurant.com coupon. First-don't buy that coupon (another story for another day). The service is very friendly and prompt. However, the food is, well, bland is a compliment. We have gone for both breakfast and dinner. The portions are huge; but there is no flavor. It's pre-processed substance at its best. You can tell everything comes from a can or pre-made for the masses, basic salt and pepper help add flavor to this stuff. And if you don't go on a restaurant.com coupon, it is very cheap. So you want to fill up for a very cheap price, (go drunk and you will love it). [However, with that particular coupon you have to spend way more money to save a few bucks.- did I mention - don't buy restaurant.com coupons?]  If given the choice, stick to Denny's for the food. If you are ok with cheap, bland food and looking for prompt and friendly service, try this place.I heard that this location was bought and they have different owners than other locations, this could be very important. Being that this was such a disappointing couple of meals...

I do hope they get it together.....they are in a great location and have the potential to make a killing!Idk how I feel about this location . Tried to come in on a Monday at 8:30 pm when there were customers inside , we just parked right in front of the entrance when the only customers they had were leaving . The worker immediately locked the doors behind them and turned the open sign off. They clearly saw us pull up and saw me try to open the door because we examined the sign on the front door saying that it closes at 10 pm on a Monday . However they did not even acknowledge us on why they were doing this . Makes me think less of Novecento when I've had such great experiences at their other locations . I was really looking forward to this visit and don't see myself ever returning to this location . Two stars cause the food is bomb , however this is for the rudeness I experienced today .Good ingredients, poor execution, and a lot of salt. I ordered a margherita pizza and the soup. I had higher hopes when my pizza was being put together, but not that high. There was no consistency in sauce or topping placement. Once my pizza was in the oven, I started cringing. The person working the oven would clang the pizza peel in front of the oven to let go of any ash or soot that was on it. This resulted in extra soot on the bottom of my pizza (my fingers became black while eating). Also, they asked me if I wanted this cut, which was pointless because they didn't cut it all the way through. It looked like random lines being made in my pizza. This was the sloppiest pizza I've ever ordered.And the soup? It was bland with a chalky aftertaste. They also need to figure out a better way to transport it. Maybe a small piece of cardboard to put beneath the foil tray they put it in would solve that issue.Will not come back. Also, 90 seconds is a lie. Maybe their oven wasn't at peak temperature, but I stood there for a good 5 minutes. Not a total deal breaker, but when that's one of your main selling points, you should have that part down to a science.Well, maybe we caught them on a very off night......but our experience was not very good. We had a Groupon to use for 2 pizzas and 2 Gelato and even for what we paid, I feel like I wasted money. First off, it takes the employee about 10 minutes to "prep" your pizzas (which kind of seemed excessively long) then of course 90 seconds to bake it. The pizzas came out luke warm at best, the pizza and toppings were NOT hot like you would normally expect. The pizzas were soggy, droopy and just tasted doughy. I would say maybe another 90 seconds would fix the problem? Or maybe thats what they serve? Not sure, but I have eaten pizzas for over 30 years and I would have to say this pizza reminded me of Elementary School "square pizza"......droopy/soggy and just plain bad. Oh, well.....you win some and you lose some......Giving this place only 2 stars only because this is the 2nd time we have tried to come for dinner and they were closed! Hours of operation are till 10:00pm! It's only 7:30pm. The food is really good but this is a good way to lose business.We went in specifically for a used Kia Soul that we saw on their website.  It ended up not being the vehicle for us so we left.  We continued to check their inventory online and saw another possible vehicle, went to the dealership and took a look.  Needless to say, that second trip did not produce a vehicle that met our needs so we left a 2nd time.  At the end of the day, we decided to up our budget and go with a new Soul versus trying to find the perfect used Kia Soul and decided to go back to this dealership and buy from them (granted we could agree on a price/deal etc) since they put up with us the first 2 trips in.  We felt that they, at least, earned our business in that sense.  Both Nathan and John C. who initially helped with my previous visits both helped "close" the deal but neither are still with the company and/or not available to speak with in order to resolve my issue.With that said, once a price was agreed upon, there were TWO factors that I requested to be part of the "deal".  All I wanted to be included as "freebies" or items that I WOULD RECEIVE as part of my agreeing to the price of the vehicle was a touch-up paint pen to match the color of the vehicle and a Kia Soul keychain to commemorate the purchase and add to my collection of previous KIA vehicle keychains that I have recieved in previous purchases (in similar "deals"-all of which were provided without hesitation-NOT from this dealership).When we went to the financier's, Tino, office, I was sure to ask/ensure that I'd be getting my "free" items.  He advised me that once the financing was completed, I'd get a call to pick up my items.  This reply seemed reasonable to me and the deal was completed.Now, jump forward over 8 weeks (bought the car on 5/24/15), financing has gone through, in fact, I have already made my first payment on the car and I still do not have my "free" items and I have yet to find someone that will call me back and speak with me.  I went in to the dealership last week, on 7/6/2015 and spoke with Carlos, who advised me that he had to order more of the color for the touch-up paint pen and would call me in 7 days (although 7 days was the absolute longest time and it should be in earlier and I should get a call before the 7 days).  I called Carlos today (7 days later) and did not get an answer.  Left a message and will not hold my breath for a callback.At this point, it is the principle of the matter.  I held up my end of the "deal" and bought the car.  I even let the dealership upsell me their warranty protection program (I knowingly agreed to the protection program because I felt it offered a benefit and let them finance me, regardless of being offered the same financing terms by my banking institute.  The total of these items probably equate to $30.00 or so and if this dealership is willing to lose a faithful-Kia vehicle owner for that small dollar amount, then so be it.  I will be more than happy to revise this review when they uphold their end of the "agreement" but until then, this review is 100% accurate.I'm really disappointed with the service managers at Camelback Kia. A few weeks ago my wife and I began tire shopping for her Sedona minivan. I have had a good experience in the past with this dealer and we've done thousands of dollars of warranty work under their care, so I decided to check here first. The service representative told me that they would match the price of discount tire, she also agreed to throw in a free alignment. It sounded like a good deal so I made sure to get everything in writing. When I returned a week ago to buy tires from Kia and have my alignment done, they told me they would not honor the quote that was given to me. They made a copy of the written quote and validated it, but refused to perform the work promised. It shows a lack of integrity. Apparently the employee had left. However, the quote is on their printout and is a quote representing the dealer, not merely the employee. I understand that sometimes sales people give unauthorized incentives to make a sale, but if I have a quote from the dealership in writing and signed, I expect to at least get what they told me they would give me. Sadly, I don't think will be returning anytime soon to have work done at this dealership.Very disappointing experience. Went to see a specific car that was posted on the website and was communicating with internet sales person a half hour before we got there and she said it was available. Of course it wasn't and at first they said it had been sold that morning, then that it had just been sold. We decided to look at a new car and again they didn't honor the prices that were listed on their website. What a waster of time. Gave up went to a different dealership and had a great experience and bought a car.Kidney Puncher has a wide selection of Mods, clones, and parts but falls short in customer service.  I've bought a few clones from them and was pleased at the selection and the online inventory showing what they had in stock.  Most recently I bought a mech mod and headed home.  I tried to adjust the bottom button because it was crunchy and would not screw in far enough. It turns out that one of the tubes was made too short and the manufacturer was going to issue replacements.  It is difficult if not impossible to track down the contact info for the Chinese company  I reached out to KP for support 14 days ago but they've since blown me off and wont respond to my inquiries. I'm now stuck with a $70 paper weight.If you need something quick Kidney Puncher will probably have what you need.  Just don't count on customer service.This place has a wide selection of products and had everything I needed, except the customer service I had gone in expecting based on other reviews. I was greeted as soon as I walked in and thought that I was about to get some great service, but sadly I was wrong. I felt like I was treated as if I was stupid because I didn't know every single detail about the juices they had on hand. I told them I normally vape 100% VG juices (Velvet Cloud Vapor) and like custard flavors and wanted to see if they had anything similar. The response I got was "There are no 100% VG juices." and that was it. I then stood there for at least a minute in silence until they finally spoke up & recommended a flavor. Maybe it's not a big deal for other people, but amazing customer service and helping a customer in need is something I'd expect from a decent business. Instead, I felt like the odd guy out and like I was dumb & didn't belong there. Checking out went pretty well, but at that point all I cared about was paying and leaving. Sadly, despite having great products, I'm not sure I will return to here.If you're out of money and can deal with plastic wear then this is the place for you! Thai food is suspiciously spicy. Though we love thai and spice we weren't able to eat it. The service was on the slow side but the server was nice and attentive. The cheese fries were great. Definitely not our pick for thaiPrices are a bit more than $5 so a bit misleading. Food was average except Thai which was the only dishes worth getting. No credit cards and $1 charge for debit.  It is a smoky dive where you need a key to get to the restroom.We didn't choose to eat here in the end based on the fact that it's next to the bar in a smoky casino. I wanted others to know in case this affects your decision of where to eat.

Trust me, I tried to remedy that as quickly as possible so I could deal with this place. We were there on a Saturday evening around 9. Maybe it's okay as a Sunday day drinking spot but I'll never know,  because I'll never be back.Long story short:

The food isn't horrible, just not great. I won't be rushing back anytime soon.Checked this place out with my boyfriend. We got two hot dogs (Dirty Jerz and Chili Cheese Coney), onion rings, and lemonade. I was super stoked because this place seems to have it all - great vibe, outdoor seating, FREE PICKLES? I mean, come on. But when the food arrived, I was disappointed. The hot dogs were fine, but nothing spectacular. I'm hoping their sausages have something more special about them? The chili topping was okay but not fab, and the Dirty Jerz is just your typical hot dog. We got some of their special "Rocket Sauce" on the side, and it looked like vomit. Seriously, like a grayish-pinkish chunky mess. It did not taste good.The onion rings were very greasy, more like onion straws, with no crunch or anything to them. Basically just thin onions dipped in oil. The breading did not hold together whatsoever.The lemonade apparently has basil in it, but I couldn't taste it. Just was like a watery lemonade.All in all, I'll probably give JJ's another shot, but with much lower expectations.I eat out a lot, work in a restaurant,  and I love hot dogs! But this place didn't seem to hit the spot. I was excited for a hot dog joint. Meh. Not what I expected, the fun upbeat decor and music do not add up to the service, or food.  Here it is a Sunday afternoon, no one is in here. I'll start with the food, I had the JJ no.1 Red Hot. Hot is what it was, spicy and the pickles added an awkward, but good touch. The coleslaw, bland. I think KFC has better coleslaw that what I just ate from here. The beers on draft, all four, are local, NoDa Brews, which are of course yummy. Probably the only thing I enjoyed. Don't get me started on the staff, who weren't so welcoming and seemed bored out of their minds, as they stood there, with the manager I'm assuming, watching tv. All in all, I've had better, nothing special about this place. I give it two stars, ONLY because they had good beers on draft.This place serves up some excellent wieners (and sausages), but an excellent wiener doesn't automatically insure an excellent hot dog - whatever version you're having - one of their Signature Hot Dogs, or one you choose to build yourself. The wiener is only part of the composition of a great hot dog, the most important part, but still just a part. The roll, the toppings (individually and collectively), cooking method, and finally the assembly process itself will determine the ultimate pedigree of the dog - Best of Breed, Mutt, or something in between.We tried 3 Signature Hot Dogs - JJ's "No.1" Red Hot, The Char Heel, and The Joliet Jake (Chicago Style) - and I was underwhelmed with all 3 from the point of view of taste, texture, and composition. The very first think you notice when you unwrap the dog (any one of them) is the omnipresence of the color yellow (check out the photos) - the mustard, rather sharp mustard at that, is applied last, and with a heavy hand. On the first 2 Signature Dogs we tried, the mustard is applied to a large layer of slaw, and these 2 items overwhelm all other aspects of the hot dog - the excellent wiener gets lost, as do the other toppings, which are fairly small quantities to begin with - in fact, I don't know if I like their chili or not, never found enough to taste. These 2 dogs cost $3.49.The Joliet Jake ($3.99) is not an outstanding version of the Chicago style dog. There were no whole Sports Peppers, the tomato was limited, and the Pickle Relish was bland, and the deli mustard was applied last and too liberally for my taste. I do not care for Potato Rolls, in general, and this one didn't change that opinion. All in all, these heavy hot dogs are overpriced, and do not rock you with flavor, mainly for the reasons mentioned. I would not order any of the 3 dogs we tried as they were served.I went back, and ordered a simple dog with Sauerkraut and mustard, with the mustard applied before the kraut, and this was a very good dog, showcasing the excellent wiener, but cost $3.99 - very much over-priced. I don't consider this a hot dog destination kind of place, especially not in the Charlotte area, which boasts a number of outstanding dogs, include the Southern Chili Dog at Green's Lunch, a variety of good dogs by The Chili Man, and a number of very good Chicago Dog choices, including the outstanding one at Poppa's in Mooresville.I imagine this place could do very well, it is the trendy kind of place some folks flock to - look at the success of Skippy's and their Pretzel bun in Winston - but I'll probably not be one of the flock here. Love the wiener, love that it is grilled, but the dog as a whole is another thing.I went here for the first time on Saturday, and was pretty excited about it.  I'd been looking forward to trying their hotdogs since I heard about their opening!I went with a Sonoran...  and I've got to say it was lacking.  The bun was plain, no real flavor to it - tasted like it came straight from a grocery store bag.  No real punch to the flavor of the actual dog either.  :/Maybe I'm just spoiled to the dogs at Jack Beagles.  They've always tasted amazing and have loads of flavor.Two dogs + two beers (no sides) came out to $17.I really wanted to like this place, and even bought a Groupon for it that I haven't used yet.  Any takers?  :PPretty disappointing...My friends know my obsession with hot dogs, some may say its unhealthy and sometimes really weird but hey I just LOVE them!! I came in here a month or so ago and we received burnt dogs that all you could taste was that-i had the Coney Dog and it was not good. We got the Onion rings and they were VERY greasy. Most likely will not be back sorry JJ's I wanted to LOVE you!!I think my experience was like a lot of others on here.  I was really looking forward to trying JJ's, but was underwhelmed after the meal.The decor is great and it's a cool spot.  I stopped in after watching my Noles get a win on a Saturday night and the place was dead at 10pm.  I guess a hot dog place is more of a lunch destination, but I thought there might be some other drunken college football fans looking for some food to soak up all the booze from the afternoon.  I kind of got the suspicion it was dead for a reason.....We tried an assortment of hot dogs, the onion rings, and the nachos.  The nachos were on special for $2 and they were definitely the highlight of the meal!  I was expecting tortilla chips, but they came with crunchy kettle chips topped by beans, cheese, and salsa.  The kettle chips added a nice crunch and stayed crispy even though they were topped with salsa.  The hot dogs were 'Meh'.  First of all, they came with buns that were right out of the bag.  They weren't toasted or steamed or even MICROWAVED.  The hot dogs were also charred black.  I like my dogs crispy, but not completely charred.  Do you need to specify that?  I did order a 'Charheel', but damn.  Maybe they should rename the place 'JJ's Black Hots'.  The hot dogs themselves aren't even that great.  I like all beef dogs like Nathan's, but these tasted like the cheap 'grocery store' brand.  You know what I'm talking about.  The onion rings weren't good either.  They were served cold, but I had already eaten half of the small basket before I thought to say anything.  Remember, I was there after a long day of beer drinking.There could be some potential here, but I will be going for the more expensive sausages if I make it back.  The hot dogs just weren't that great in my opinion.Hubby wanted to try this place for a while.  We went there during lunch time on a Wed..not very busy..uh-oh.  The menu looks really good.  Everything sounds enticing.   Hubby likes bratwurst.  We ordered a bratwurst and a Chicago style.  Opps - they are out of bratwurst - I thought the menu said housemade (how can you be out of them).  so hubby got something else - let's just say that if it's not a hot dog - it's going to be more than $6 and that is just plain expensive for something on a bun with kraut and mustard. My Chicago style dog was burnt, which seems to be common place based on other reviews.  I didn't mind but it was just ok.  I did like the toppings on the Chicago style.  The homemade chips are good. I think IF we come back, we will stick to the hot dogs and ask them not to burn them.

Loud Old Music Blaring

Horrible service.We have eaten here several times since its opening. Beginning with our first visit, we have had to experience lack of service. Sometimes, we wait forever to have our order taken. Sometimes, we don't receive refills. EVERY TIME, we wait forever for the check. How can you claim to value customers ( loyal customers at that!) when you forget they exist at all?! Several visits in a row, beginning with our first visit, we exchanged words with the manager. He was a great guy. It even became a bit of a tolerable joke that he would come out to respond to a complaint and it would be us. However, it soon became old. Not for us, but for him! He became cold and unaccommodating toward us, no longer offering compensation for the continued awful service. I don't think it's unreasonable to expect service. Not even great service, just any service at all would be great!We still eat here occasionally. Why? Because the food is just. That. Good. Try the Eggs Benedict pizza on the brunch menu, it is incredible!I was a huge Mellow Mushroom fan years ago when I lived in Atlanta...There were several locations there at the time and they never did me wrong.  I especially liked their pretzels and their signature Esperanza dressing.  So when I heard they were opening in Phoenix, I was psyched... and you'd think that with four locations within 25 miles, I'd have eaten at one of them before today, but that isn't the case.So today when I realized that I had the time in my schedule to have lunch with my mother-in-law and son, I suggested Mellow Mushroom, and they obliged.  When we walked in, I couldn't help but compare this location to the more casual and laid back atmosphere of the locations in Atlanta.  This City North location is fancier, but I guess that is what comes along with being in City North - a newish development.  We were seated way in back in a booth and Gary was our waiter. He was friendly, and took our order in a timely manner, but the kitchen was supposedly way backed up due to a catering order and it took a good 45 minutes to get our food (2 salads and an order of kids mac & cheese).  I drank my entire water while waiting for our food and it was never refilled.  After waiting a good 30 minutes, I asked if my son could have some crackers since he was starving and we were given some chips... and then finally it arrived.  The kids portion was perfect and came with some apple slices.When our salads finally came, we had to take them to-go due to time constraints. I'm not sure if it was because we got them to-go or because we didnt' get the pretzels, but neither the food or experience was as pleasant as my memories from years of visits to the Atlanta locations of Mellow Mushroom.The manager did end up comping our meal due to the time we spent waiting, which was a nice gesture... but even so, if I return, I'd likely just call ahead and get my food to-go.I work around the Desert Ridge/City North area and the service here is always SO slow. We love the food but we always have to plan ahead what we have to order so that we can get back to work in a reasonable time. It is never very busy and it takes long whether there is 4 of us or 6 of us. I can't imagine how long it would take if there was a wait!Management really needs to address this....The service will be its downfall.  Loved the atmosphere, the bar and the beer selection.  Food is good.  Pretzels are just ok and not for a party of 2 - they are huge.  Salad did not have the ingredients that it was supposed to have.  Pizza was great.  Service was terrible.  Took forever to be seated (hostess chatted on the phone for 10 minutes while we stood there), to be acknowledged by our server (15 minutes), to place our order (20 minutes, with our menus closed), to get our food (40 minutes) (and the appetizer came out with the pizza), and to get our check and to pay (30 minutes of sitting there, waiting).    Restaurant was mostly empty and there was plenty of staff.  The food is not a big enough draw to tolerate the bad service.  And, even though they offer lunch specials, you will never get out in an hour.Two stars because I couldn't quite give it three...  We tried this place because we had a coupon and we heard that they had vegetarian options.The service was slow and inattentive.  We were seated in a place that seemed to be tucked away almost like they didn't want to have to look at us.  That's alright, but the waiter should have checked in on us a little more instead of just taking it for granted that we would tip him.  Or, maybe he was frightened of us?  Food was slow in getting to us, but not so slow that I would have walked out.  The music was too loud, it was distracting and made it seem like the wait was longer.  We got to stare at the pretentious decor for a little too long.  But, we figured if the food is good, it doesn't matter too much.  We had gluten free pizzas with vegan cheese.  It was okay...they skimped on the vegan cheese horribly.  But, the pizza was hot when we got it so I guess that was a plus.  I was expecting it to be cold because the server seemed to avoid us...or maybe this was because it was so loud and he knew he couldn't hear us or it was hurting his hearing at the spot where we were?  Who knows.The pizzas were not large enough.  We ordered two so we could take pizza back to another family member.  Both of us made an effort to stop eating so there would be enough to take with us. The WORST part of it was discovering how much the bill was at the end.  This was a very expensive place to eat.  The prices were not clearly marked on the menu for the gluten-free things or I would probably have walked out in the beginning.  We were charged $3 extra for vegan cheese...but as I said they put so little on the pizzas.  So, the little pizzas we ordered ended up being $22 each, the drinks were $6 each, we got an appetizer and we had a $10 off coupon.  For two people to eat a pizza dinner it was $57 AFTER the coupon.  It wasn't worth it.  I won't go back.  There's other places to eat.  I don't know if this place thinks it is trendy and that makes it worth it?  I was looking forward to eating there because I heard about it from a few people that went to the other location in Phoenix.  The ambiance didn't make up for any of it.Anyhow...work on your pricing, work on your service and train your servers to be more attentive, and maybe turn down your music so people can enjoy themselves instead of feeling tortured.  Or maybe this is so people don't linger too long?  But then again if that were it, the food would have come faster?The place wasn't all that busy for a Saturday night at 7:30, but finding a place to park was difficult.  Mellow Mushroom needs to work on things a bit.  :)  I know that gluten free, vegan fare is somehow more expensive....but this was a little ridiculous.Service was good, wings were good but both sandwiches, which were supposed to be best per server, the Philly and club had no flavor whatsoever accept the bread which was good.UpdateOkay, so this place gets three stars for the food but one star for service and convenience. Granted, I've only done take-out here, but both times it was a bad service experience. First time, they tell my food will be ready in 30 minutes. I'm there 30 minutes later and it's still not ready. I sit inside for like five minutes then tell them I'm going to sit outside with my kids (there's a little bench outside), so please knock on the window or call outside to let me know it's done. 15 minutes later, I'm still waiting, kids are going crazy. I go inside and not only is my food done, but it's been placed in the warming holder waiting for me. By the time we got home, pizza was mushy and not great. Maybe it would have been better had they let me know when it was done. Thanks.Second time (there only was a second time due to a Groupon and the fact that my husband likes their house special gluten-free pizza), both take-out spots were filled and no parking on the street anywhere. I ended up having to park in the freaking garage and haul my kids and my pregnant self all the way down and across the street in 105 degree weather to get our mediocre take-out. I get in there and SURPRISE I'm the only one getting take out. I mention to them that I just had to walk from the garage because both their take out spots are taken and there's CLEARLY no one in there getting take-out but me. They give me a little sad look and say, "We know." I got a hoagie this time and my husband got the house special gluten-free again. My hoagie was fairly good, but nothing really special. I won't dare get take-out again from Mellow Mushroom for fear of the hassle I'll have to go through next time. Also for fear of looking like Rocky when I wake up like I do this morning from the crazy amount of salt in my food. No, thanks.This place needs some serious overhauling. The food, once you finally get it, is pretty good. But, the service is terrible. We were there at 1 o'clock on a Monday afternoon when a lunch crowd should have been underway. There are about 3 or 4 tables total in the whole place, and our server, while very friendly, was super slow. Hubby had an iced tea, needed to flag Jebidiah down for a refill. There is no reason food should have taken literally 28 minutes, I had a salad and my husband had a sandwich. Like I said, it tasted fine once it arrived but I think a cardboard box would have also tasted great as we waited so long for its arrival. No wonder this place keeps putting out Groupons, I think it's the only reason people actually frequent it. My initial visit to this place a year ago was great, however every time that we have been back since has been terrible.We took our friends who are visiting from St. Louis here for lunch on Friday, June 27.  We placed our order with our waiter.  Two of us ordered pizza with vegan cheese.  After a considerable amount of time someone came to our table to inform us that the pizzas have butter and parmesan on the crust and asked if we would like to omit that.  We said yes.  Another lengthy amount of time went by and when the order arrived only one pizza had vegan cheese and the other had been prepared with regular cheese and the buttery, parmesan crust.  The waiter told the woman who was helping him deliver our food that both pizzas were to be made vegan.  They told me they would make another one right away.  We waited...and waited...and waited.  The pizza finally came out and everyone else was finished with their food.  The waiter apologized and said the cost of that pizza would be removed from the bill.  We were there for almost 2 hours which was not our intention as we had plans following lunch.  It was frustrating and aggravating.  The menu proudly advertises that pizzas can be made vegan.  This vegan will not be returning.  I want to count on my food order being properly prepared when I dine out.  Mellow Mushroom needs to pay attention to dietary accommodations, especially since they make special note of doing so on their menu.Two stars because I really have had better.  It could have been because my boyfriend and I did not follow the golden rule...we ordered hoagies at a pizza place and that's what we get for not ordering the pizza....which is the specialty at the Mellow Mushroom.The service was pretty good considering this place was not that busy at all on a Sunday night.  We were seated rather quickly and in a nice roomy booth at that.  Right away our server was very attentive and explained the menu.  We ordered the hoagies, which she explained would take 20 minutes to prepare and would be served hot.  20 minutes later our hoagies came out but where not hot, they were more like room temp.  This didn't really bother me because I ordered the meatball hoagie and I didn't think it was too bad.  But my bf ordered the Italian with lots of salami and pepperoni with no melted cheese...so we asked if they could reheat it for us.  Our server did this with no hesitation and a few minutes later it was back on the table very heated up.    The hoagies were just okay--nothing too great here.  Mine could have used a little more sauce.Me an my girlfriend have been here three times, the food is outstanding! But the service is some of the worst I have ever had, with tonight being the worst! We were greeted by Corey. This is his greeting to paying customers "wassup you wanna sit at the bar" we tell him no we'd like a table. He says "it's all the same service" I again say can we just sit at a table. He then asks me if I'm gonna need a server???? I'm thinking to myself "no I'm gonna get on the line an help the cooks prepare my food" I have never felt so unwelcome in a restaurant before. I couldn't help but feel bad for the owners an all the investors. I doubt that kid would still be around if they knew his attitude towards paying customers. I give this place two stars for the food, it would be five if it wasn't for Corey. Who ever is doing the hiring needs to stop looking for unmotivated weed heads to fit the whole psychedelic vibe an start looking for motivated friendly staff.Ah, the Mellow Mushroom!  The only thing mellow at this restaurant is the attitude of the wait staff towards serving food.  I do love the pizza here and I'm a fan of their every-changing selection of craft beers, but after overlooking their horrible service during my last three visits, I overlook it after this last visit and won't be returning . . . at least not to this one.  First of all, if you want to be known for your beers, make sure your staff actually knows something about beer.  When my buddy found they didn't carry Stella, he asked for something Stella-like.  The waiter actually said, "well . . . we have light beer and some dark beers, what kind to you like?"  What part of Stella didn't he understand.  After a 'Dance of the Tards' between my friend and the waiter trying to get him to understand what Stella-like meant, we finally had to get the bartender over to answer our questions.  We walked in at exactly 5pm.  Didn't talk to our beer connoisseur waiter until his first visit to our table around 5:15.  The first beer didn't hit the table until almost 6.  We ordered apps and a pizza.  Between 6 and 6:30 I watched our waiter shoot the sh*t with the bar staff and never walk to a table.  Finally at 6:30, after the table that came in about 20 minutes behind us was already finishing their pie, I flagged down another waitress.  Our was still talking to the bar staff; probably planning their next World of Warcraft raid.  When he did return to our table, he actually told us he forgot to put in our order.  Well, no $#!* . . . you haven't left the bar in the last 30 minutes.  We asked for a manager.  Then asked again.  Then one more time.  As I write this days later I'm sure they are still looking for him.  We finally demanded from the bartender to have another waiter work our table.  Our request was honored.  We finally got our food, well at least our pizza.  The manager is probably in hiding with our apps.  Bills comes and we get charged for everything, including the apps we didn't get and a second beer we ordered but never saw.  We paid cash and gave the waiter a -$20 tip.  We thought that should cover the apps we didn't get as well as the discount we should have been offered by the non-existent manager we never saw for the piss-poor service.First time eating here and the appetizers were great...would have stayed for more and dessert but the cigarette smoke wafting in from the patio was not pleasant. They said after 10pm they don't monitor the patio smoking.  Good if you like to enjoy a cigarette (or another patron's cigarette smoke) while eating. We even moved to a booth in a room away from the bar to try to avoid it. Didn't make much difference since the smoking was right next to the bar.Good food...good beer....bad smoke while eating mushrooms :)4 stars for the beer selection. 1 star for the pizza. Service is decent. The two times I have had their pizza I was really disappointed. The crust was thick and doughy and tasted like cardboard. Very bland toppings. Good thing they had some great beers to wash it down with.The first time we were here was truly great - this last time was horrid.  I have averaged the two (5 and negative 1) for the star rating, but the lasting impression in my mind is far worse.  This time the service was extremely poor - we sat with empty water, no drinks and no food - only to have over-cooked pizza delivered when we finally got our food.  The kicker was croutons on the salad ordered when we specified that a gluten allergy.  They took the salad off the bill (which is good since we did not get the replacement until we were done) but it did not make up for the poor service or charcoal pizza.  We were so disappointed that we will not be back, even taking into account our first visit (which was great).  I could have gotten over the issue with the salad since everyone makes mistakes, but my husband who actually got to eat, is the most disappointed of all - and described the whole evening as a waste of a dinner out.  Sad.2 stars for being stingy with a Groupon. Server was good. Here's the scoop:Last week I met about 30 other people there for a colleagues' farewell. We all sat at 5 different tables in an area across from the bar. When it came time to pay, the server told me (per her manager who never showed their face) that she couldn't accept my Groupon because someone else (within our group, not my table) had used one. ($10 for $20). Last time I checked, the fine print said LIMIT ONE PER TABLE. NOT one per group. (I read the fine print prior to buying!) I didn't want to argue about it in front of others so I sent a complaint days ago (online form) and have not yet heard back. Groupon however responded in less than 24 hours. I paid twice as much as I should have since I bought the Groupon, couldn't use it and paid full for my meal & drinks. STINGY. Needless to say unless the business offers me a resolution and compensation for their mistake in denying me the ability to use my Groupon, I, along with many others who experienced the same bullshit that day, will not be back. There are other locations that have more pleasant management. If you don't want to rightfully accept Groupons with the terms that were made for the establishment, then don't offer them. You can't make the rules up as you go! Put them in writing or let me use my damn Groupon.Always been a big fan of mellow - best crust on pizza i've ever had but wow the service and "cleanness" of the place was horrible. The entire wait staff were horrible and looked stoned. Place was gross and tables weren't cleaned up properly. Wont be coming back hereFirst off, Gabriella was great. She was very attentive and the food was great, as always. We are moving out of town and had a Groupon to use. We had separate checks and were both planning on using a Groupon. As we gave the Groupon with our check, we were told that we could only use one per table, not one per check. We are moving out of town, so we will not be able to use this Groupon again. The manager was adamant that we could not use the Groupon, even though we have no opportunity to use it in the future. We came here to use the Groupon. There are times when an exception is valid. This restaurant is not in the "service" industry. Maybe I'm wrong, but I am very disappointed with the level of appreciation this restaurant has for its customers. A $10 investment in a good review or an extra $10 profit to lose our business and our friends' business for life. Treat your customers well, they'll be back.I hate giving a two star review seeing as I am a server and I work in a restaurant as well.. but I have given the bar here two chances and have regretted it each time. when I sit at the tables my service is fine, but when I'm up at the bar, I feel like I'm invisible or don't even exist. the same bar tender has helped me both times. I look younger then I am, and I don't drink.. but come on guys. took him 10 minutes to greet us.. then another 3 to get our drinks.. and another 7 to even ask us what we wanted. we orders some apps and let him know we wanted a pizza later. didn't see him again for 20 min after we finished our wings. the other bartender didn't even acknowledge us the entire time and I even saw him SAMPLE A BEER AND THEN POUR THE REST INTO A PITCHER AND GIVE IT TO A CUSTOMER. I would understand if they were busy.. I totally get it.. but that fact that they were to busy joking with the rest of the staff was what really pissed me off. still have him 20%, but he should know he gave us probably the worst service I've ever had.. and like I said.. I'm a server myself. I get it. oh well.. won't be returning here.Had dinner recently here on a quiet weeknight.  Service was very good.  The food was just so-so.  I had a house special calzone which included tomatoes, mushrooms, spinach and mozzarella cheese.  The idea was appealing but the execution not so much.  I found it squishy-mushy with cheese oozing out and doughy inside.  Finally deconstructed and just ate some of the veggies from inside.  My companion fared better with a simple pepperoni pizza.  Small size was still plenty to take home.I noticed several lunch specials which might be worth returning to try.  I don't think I'd come back for dinner.  Maybe I ordered the wrong thing, but I've had calzones in other places that were really, really good.   One additional note, we sat at an ample sized booth.  When I sat down on the bench, I sank way low on it.  The worn out bench had several very low areas where it seemed I could be swallowed up.  So MM, I think it's time to change out some benches.  I felt like a 5 yr old barely looking up over the table.Food is decent, the hoagies are good, pizza is alright.  We were enticed by a $10 gift card in the mail which came in a pair.  Unfortunately the gift card we grabbed was for February instead of January and David the manager wouldn't honor it. Will not be returning as there are better options that provide better service.Came here for late night food.... Not super late but 9ish... We had a coupon for ten dollars off so I figured I'd come here with my friend. Ordered wings and they were great. Probably the best thing here. Meatballs were mediocre. Found cartilage in my meatball. Brownie sundae was sub-mediocre. You may as well have just bought a cosmic brownie from the grocery store and put a bunch of syrup on it. And then top it with ice cream that has had freezer burn for three days. The cinnamon pretzels were a waste of money. The order comes with three and we only ate one. I think the chef was angry and just decided to dump a whole spice bottle of cinnamon on the pretzel. Maybe he thought we were trying to do the cinnamon challenge. I think I might have inhaled some cinnamon when I took a bite of the pretzel and choked. All in all, only come here if you need to get drunk so you won't remember what this horrible food tastes like.wonderful food and very nice place! on another note I had the most uncomfortable dinner experience I've ever had my father asked for a shot of rum and a large cup of Coke and they repeatedly told him he can not pour the shot into the plastic cup and he understood but for some reason the manager felt obliged to stand at the host station and watch me and my family OUR ENTIRE DINNER it was so disrespectful and very very uncalled for. not to mention how un classy and un professional it was leaving this place I was seriously furious and disappointed.Food and beer are always good here!  But service tonight is awful!  Been here 20 mins now and haven't even gotten a drink!A bit disappointing for several reasons. First, it was not clear who worked at the store since personnel was underdressed. Upon opening drawers for the allotted sizes and styles that I am accustomed to being uniformly organized, to my dismay, I was overwhelmed with heaping piles of cluttered garments. This was surprising being that it was mid day and very few customers in the store and overstaffed, and it is not Black Friday. Subsequent to presentation displeasure, the manager asked me if I needed assistance with anything and I let her know which garments and sizes I was looking for and she invited me to the pile of clutter. I was a bit shocked that she did not acknowledge that there was no sort of organization to the stock and when I brought it to her attention, she advised me that garments are folded in the drawers at the end of the night it wasn't as if she was embarrassed and tried to tidy up, she left everything as it worse and continued through the store. She suggested that this is done once daily and that was very evident.A bit disappointing for several reasons. First, it was not clear who worked at the store since personnel was underdressed. Upon opening drawers for the allotted sizes and styles that I am accustomed to being uniformly organized, to my dismay, I was overwhelmed with heaping piles of cluttered garments. This was surprising being that it was mid day and very few customers in the store and overstaffed, and it is not Black Friday. Subsequent to presentation displeasure, the manager asked me if I needed assistance with anything and I let her know which garments and sizes I was looking for and she invited me to the pile of clutter. I was a bit shocked that she did not acknowledge that there was no sort of organization to the stock and when I brought it to her attention, she advised me that garments are folded in the drawers at the end of the night it wasn't as if she was embarrassed and tried to tidy up, she left everything as it worse and continued through the store. She suggested that this is done once daily and that was very evident.A bit disappointing for several reasons. First, it was not clear who worked at the store since personnel was underdressed. Upon opening drawers for the allotted sizes and styles that I am accustomed to being uniformly organized, to my dismay, I was overwhelmed with heaping piles of cluttered garments. This was surprising being that it was mid day and very few customers in the store and overstaffed, and it is not Black Friday. Subsequent to presentation displeasure, the manager asked me if I needed assistance with anything and I let her know which garments and sizes I was looking for and she invited me to the pile of clutter. I was a bit shocked that she did not acknowledge that there was no sort of organization to the stock and when I brought it to her attention, she advised me that garments are folded in the drawers at the end of the night it wasn't as if she was embarrassed and tried to tidy up, she left everything as it worse and continued through the store. She suggested that this is done once daily and that was very evident.Well decided to try the new Church's that just opened on Rainbow just north of Windmill. Granted its a new place and the crew is unseasoned but a 45 minute wait for chicken strips is a bit long. The manager was very apologetic and was trying to get the crew to work together but two huge orders just killed this place. The chicken strips were so small, i thought they were McDonald's chicken nuggets (but they did taste better) and they were kind of pricey, especially for what you get. Mashed potatoes & the biscuits were good but I think I prefer Popeyes better. I will give them another shot in a few months to see if they get their act together.So it's been a while since I've been to a Church's, this one recently opened in our 'hood. I think I know why I stayed away so long.We used the drive thru for our order. Service time was reasonable. Staff was friendly and answered our questions. We ended up ordering an 8 peice Mixed Chicken Special, we asked to make sure that it included 2 breasts since that's what my husband likes. LOL. They assured us it would.

 Other than that meh.What do people see in you, Big Lots? Nothing that unique or high quality in here and the prices aren't very impressive for the crap they sell. I'd rather shop at Target, or even - dare I say it - Walmart (gasp!). I went to look at their storage items and bins and I noticed that every single thing I was interested in was on the very top shelf that would have required an employee to get it down. That's annoying, and who has time for that? They should be putting a little of everything on shelves customers can reach, and then store extras up top. There are so many other places I can shop for discounts, with better selection, more convenient layouts, and the same or better pricing. I won't be back.The Party Pedaler should come with a warning label because for us couch potatoes it can be hazardous to our health. Party leader Tracy wants you to believe that this is all fun and games but under that infectious attitude lies a drill instructor just itching to get out.As she expertly steers the covered pedal bus through the streets, dancing and leading some of the worst karaoke you have ever heard, everyone else is working to make her look good as the spectators snap one shot after another. She isn't the one covered in sweat and gasping for breath after all.This nefarious creation hides beneath a sleek exterior that looks much like a bar with wheels and seats attached to the outside. More than one person came up to check it out while it was sitting still and lonely and everyone else tried to recover in time for the next pedaling session.Seemingly dozens snapped pictures and video while we were in motion - less than 1mph does count as motion, right? The planet moves, so that surely adds in some speed too. One car even stopped at a signal to wait for us to catch up so she could get a shot (as we were headed slightly uphill, she had to wait a while). Yet no one volunteered to help pedal. It's like they were watching the horror movie and we were the dumb coeds headed to the slaughter.Once I can move again, I'll show them they were wrong.Overall I think Party Pedaler is a great concept and a fun time however there were some pretty substantial problems as well.Let me back up, we did the Uptown tour (which is a bit less in terms of cost) we arrived at their Mcnich meeting spot to "pre-game" prior to our tour. There was some confusion on whether we could bring alcohol on board - between the two websites my friend researched. Let me clarify this, you cannot drink on board period. You can drink beforehand or while stopping at different bars. This wasn't a huge issue for us,  however the taps on board and even the name is a tad on the confusing side. I did hear this was a city mandated law, so it's not something the business can control, however I think they could do a better job of clarifying it from the beginning. I was pleasantly surprised that they provided some complimentary Abita for our group, I'm not a fan of bock's, it was a nice touch...we could have left our beer at home too! I will say everyone was VERY friendly, and they really did try to be accommodating, but there were only two spots on one half of the contraption that were actually functioning. This meant that three people in our group didn't really get to participate and the rest of the group had to make up for their man-power. The chains were clearly not attached, so I wish the business would have fixed this before we  even arrived.  I brought this to an employees attention but she said oh maybe the driver can fix it...though he never did. We also had problems with our music not working and were delayed. That wasn't a big deal but on one leg of our journey the music again stopped working, and we were again delayed at one of our stops.When it was my turn to pedal (we tried to give everyone a turn), I didn't find it nearly as difficult as one person described. Perhaps his group was really slacking because I wouldn't dream of running an iron man but found it fairly easy overall. I felt like most of the time was spent stopping - and we only really biked for about 15-20 minutes total. Considering this was was about $30 per person, I felt like the journey was not worth the cost. Though they had "specials" set up along the way a $5 beer doesn't take the sting out of the price much in all honesty.  It also was not tour like at all. it was more like we had a driver who occasionally beeped along the way. Though I love our beautiful city, you didn't see much of it on this tour. I wasn't looking to create my own beer crawl, but that's essentially what this is.Though it was fun when we did get to pedal and our group made it an absolute blast, I wouldn't do this again just because they seemed a tad un-organized, the equipment was broken, it was overpriced, and we spent very little time actually partying while pedaling...so it was a bit misleading.Uptown Charlotte tour.  First of all, trying to get in touch with someone for a reservation is difficult.  Once you reach someone it all works a bit better.  They advertise drink specials at the bars that you stop at, but there were none,  The guide was friendly enough and fairly knowledgable.  This has a lot of potential and admittedly is some fun but it could have been much better.  There was really no guidance from the tour dude.  He just stops at the first place and says here are some bars see you in 20 minutes.  No guidance, like "there are 4 bars here, 2 Irish pubs one with food and the other one serves only drinks and then there is this place and then this place.  No advice whatsoever.  Same with the next stop. They advertise 4 stops, but there really were 2.  We added a 3rd one ourselves.  Absolutely do not pay full price.  We got a coupon for 1/2 off 4 or more from the Chamber of Commerce.  That made it $15 per person.  $15 is almost a ripoff but surely $30 is.  Bottom line is it is a bit of fun, but do your own research on where to go at the 2 stops.  You get lots of gawking and cheers from folks on the streets, that is worth at least $5 each for the couple of hours.I hate to give a poor review to a restaurant in the city I live in, but I have no choice.  This is supposed to be a sports bar, but I have never been in one where the lighting was so bright.  Hopefully that has changed since I was there.  Also, the seats are booths, which I normally like.  But if you want  it to be a lively place, then it should be a little more open. The food was okay.  It was a decent deal since we went to the reverse happy hour.  I would suggest going during those hours.  Our server did her best.  It didn't seem like she really knew the menu too well.  I had the sliders with the pretzel bun...The bacon is good.  That's about it.  I didn't like the bun at all.  It was really dry.  The curly fries were good.  I really do hope they improve.My wife and I really enjoy dining at Beef O'Brady's in Iowa and were super excited to learn there was one in Surprise.  We went to the Surprise location the same day we discovered that it was open.  The location seems perfect for this type of restaurant.  Unfortunately our visit to the Beef O'Brady's in Surprise was a sad disappointment.  Both meals that were ordered included the beef.  It was not only clearly evident that frozen patties were used, but there was also the taste of freezer burn and staleness.  In other words the patty melt and hamburger we had pretty much sucked.  I can't really say anything to incredibly positive about the french fries and ranch dressing.  The chances of returning to the Beef O'Brady's in Surprise is pretty low, but we will still be looking forward to dining in the one in Iowa.  There can never be a substitution for genuine, fresh mid-western beef : - )My wife and I stopped by the other day for lunch. The restaurant was clean and nicely decorated. The staff was friendly but not very knowledgeable of the menu.

But if you are going to spend $50 on a meal before drinks then you can and should go somewhere better. The atmosphere is quiet and relaxed but also a bit tired and depressing.I had a buy one get one free entree coupon which was the only reason why we went here.  Got the ribeye and she got the filet.  Both were fine but nothing compared to the best steakhouses in LV.  It was nice that the steaks came w/ a potato and salad.  Sides were below average.  The creamed spinach wasn't good and the sauteed mushrooms/onions was not worth $7. Had reasonably priced bottles of wine which were fine.  Bread served was the same as every other restaurant at Southpoint.I would definitely choose Outback over this place.  Not saying the steaks were bad..they were fine but just not worth going back for in a city with so many excellent places for steak.This is my third time going to this establishment. the first time, I went with my daughter and had outstanding service and the prime rib was perfect. The second time I went with four other people and we had to ask for someone to take our order. This third time was last night. I went with my husband and it was busy but I think they were short-handed. the busboy brought us water and bread and we never saw the waiter for a good 15 minutes. Finally he swang by pushing a cart of food and said he would be right with us. That took a while. when he finally came to our table, He said, "hi, can I take your order?" We ended up feeling rushed to order everything one time and he didn't even think that we wantedt o order a bottle of wine which we had asked for an ice bucket and it arrived after we finished the bottle. Service was poor and the food this time was just okay. I was really dissapointed in our overall experience. Sorry to say, I won't be going back.....It was my 57 Brithday, and thought it would be nice to eat here, because I wan't Lamb,

Bottom line is that they seem to be stuck in a funk and need to revamp this place.  It still holds it's own but it wouldn't take much for someone to knock them off the top rung.You know what you are getting when you go to a Target. You expect quality merchandise at a moderate price. This target has that.  This Target also had terrible service. I like Target, but not this one. This morning I purchased a DVD that was in a locked security case. I stood at the counter for seven minutes while the clerk paged the manager on duty to unlock it. The manager never came so I lost patience and returned it. This store Also never had express lanes open so you always will wait in line.  I don't mind paying higher prices if it comes with better service.  I'd pass on this Target and go to Costco, Sams, or Walgreens all within a 5 minute driveMy husband went into Bed Bath & Beyond with one simple goal this evening - buy a new vacuum. He had it all picked out and had his coupon ready.  In his words, this was the worst experience he has ever had at a BB&B and "maybe ever in a retail store."  While I know Yelp encourages people to write about their own personal experiences, my husband does not have a Yelp account and asked me to write this for him. His complaints:1. The aisles are too narrow to get a cart down.  The vacuums were located at the end of a section that was not reachable by cart. A vacuum is a pretty big item that one would need a cart for, so instead he had to carry it down to the end of the aisle. Not a huge deal but still a pain.2. In addition to the aisles being too narrow, there were "things" on the ground and in the way in many of them - display models, etc. It didn't seem as though they were in transition and the items were there temporarily as they moved things around - they were just in the way.3. When it was time to check out, the two women at the check out were so busy talking to each other that they did not have time to acknowledge that there was a customer. They could see that there was a person in line, but still stood there finishing their own conversation before helping him. 4. There was no pen to sign for a credit card purchase. Silly, but...it's a store. Where people use credit cards all day long. Shouldn't a pen be readily accessible?5. The entire walkway from the register to the exit was blocked with shopping carts. My husband had to push them all out the way to get out of the store.6. And finally, after all of this, the check out person forgot to take the security tag off of our new vacuum, so the alarm went off, and he had to wait there until they fixed the situation. He was not pleased.This is a bummer to me, as I have always enjoyed shopping at Bed Bath & Beyond. I can only hope the next time we stop by the store we have a more positive experience, and I can come back and update the review!! :)Noodles & Company...universally loved, almost.  I say almost because there seems to be an attitude among foodies that this chain sucks.  I, personally, don't think it sucks, but it could be a lot better.The main problem with this location is the size of the restaurant itself.  It would probably get three stars from me if not for this problem. There is simply not enough seating to accommodate the amount of people who want to eat here on weekends.  I'm not a fan of waiting for tables unless the restaurant is REALLY good, so I've just walked out a few times before placing my order.  When I do stick around, usually I feel really crowded due to the close proximity of the tables.There are also lots of little kids, who may or may not leave you teetering precariously on the brink of utter madness.  It's probably better to go during the work-week.The food is reasonably tasty and quickly served, but inconsistent.  The noodles are always cooked perfectly but sometimes the sauces come out too watery.  The ability to add meat (or tofu) to any dish is helpful, since some of the dishes are pretty bland otherwise.  My favorite recently has been the penne rosa, which has just the right amount of kick.  However, for a place devoted to pastas, and considering the rather high prices, I expect to be more impressed.You probably already know if you like Noodles & Company or not. If you aren't familiar with this chain and are thinking of trying it out, I would not recommend this location; there are quite a few others in the Madison area which are less crowded.  For a quick bite, Noodles is pretty good, but you can do better.I had not been here for a while and I just stopped in for a quick lunch. The Mediterranean salad looked good. I ordered it with chicken. Ordering and the wait were quick. I was disappointed in the salad. Half of it was macaroni pasta and it didn't look like the photo on the menu board. I was excited about all those yummy vegetables. Take away the macaroni and it was like a small or regular side salad.Pretty sure someone stole my favorite hat at this restaurant.  The waitress or bus woman or whoever she was grabbed our dishes while we were still sitting in the booth and looked really angry. Zero smiles.  I guess everyone that night working was just in a bad mood.The food was okay, but after what happened there, I'm never going back.Blah.I've only been to this location once, but it was enough to make me not want to go back again.I had just dropped my boyfriend off at the Truax campus and decided to get myself something to eat. It was extremely busy when I went inside to order, so the wait was fairly long. I ordered a caesar salad and the wisconsin mac & cheese, then took it over to the school where I sat in the lobby while I waited for my boyfriend to get out of class. When I opened it up, I was disappointed with everything. The croutons on the caesar salad were greasy and burnt, and the mac & cheese was so liquidy that it was more of a soup than mac & cheese.Furthermore, the staff weren't very friendly and cared more about getting my money and getting me out of there. This was a few years ago, so things could be different now, but I don't plan on ever going back.This was my first visit to this Noodles location. I must say I had two concerns:

Meatballs were small, dense and dry. Chicken Mediterranean was overlooked, tuff, and dry. Garlic overpowered sauces and seasonings.

Teeny tiny size less than zero waitresses with cartoonishly grotesque bolt ons and overprossessed frosted hair and that fugly candy pink lip gloss.

This was a completely full flight, many people were confused and many of the people surrounding me scoffed in disbelief that yet again, someone could be so rude.Delta, I urge you to retrain these people working for your company. I won't be flying delta again.Been flying a few times between Las Vegas/Los Angeles. The flights are always on the regional jets. Prices are usually higher that mainline larger jets on Virgin, SWA, AA and Spirit. Sometimes tickets for a coach seat are around $500 for a 40 minute flight.

The burgers took another 45 minutes to come out and they were okay but not great. My husband got the truffle fries with the truffle aioli, which frankly all just tasted like garlic and not much else. I cook for my family most nights so the burgers were not earth shatteringly good or something I couldn't whip up in 15 minutes. i just expected more.

It started out well. I had the chips and salsa (you get green and red) I am a sucker for green salsa, and this did not disappoint. You do need to ask for the chips and salsa if you want them. I'm not the first yelper to mention this. Would be good it the management got the hint and reminded their servers to offer it. I put a little of the red salsa (which is Hot) in with the green to give it a little more zing. The chips were excellent.Since the Tacos seemed to be all the rave on yelp (maybe because they are $1 on Tuesdays) I got the platter of 2 which comes with rice and beans. Here is what I thought:

I ordered this to go for my wife.  It was okay.  The steak was tiny.  The steak salad at Grape Street is MUCH better.All-in-all....great atmosphere, mediocre service, and inconsistencies with the food.  I would return for the Sliders and Shrimp Misto.After multiple visits to embers I'm forced to write this review. The food never has been an issue because no matter what you order it comes out perfect and delicious. The problem is with the wait staff. We waited an hour for our meal and an 45 minutes for the bill. the place only had two other booths filled. The real kicker is when we were totally ignored when the two other tables near us were getting proper attention. We were walked by so many times its amazing she knew we were still there. It's a shame but we won't be dining there again. It's just not worth the risk of ordering two plates and being stuck there for two hours.We came here for happy hour and had hoped to get a tasty per dinner snack and a drink or two. We got the bacon wrapped figs, tri tip sliders, a glass of wine and two beers for about $30. Not bad price wise. The food however left a lot to be desired, mainly I wish it had been less ridiculously salty. I ended up feeling a bit sick afterwards until I had about a liter of water. The kicker though was that 3 times throughout our short meal someone opened the kitchen door and there was an overwhelming smell of dirty bong water. It was not a smell I want to associate with a meal. Mediocre food, good service, bad smells.I'll keep this one short and sweet, as there isn't a whole lot to report. I've had a handful of people I don't know suggest I check out Embers in Summerlin, and despite my skepticism I finally made my way there to check it out. Amidst an embarrassing display of the worst of the worst Summerlin floozies I could possibly see, including a girl with a Pink fleece jacket and matching Pink fleece short shorts and several other seemingly miserable pairs of women drinking wine at 11am on a Saturday, I braved this scene to try their burger. I haven't really heard much buzz about this place around town ever, so I assumed what I would be getting matched the clientele around me.Embers is located in Boca Park; the shopping area filled with horribly overpriced and awful clothing stores, typical chain restaurants and the most amazing liquor store ever. The interior is fit out with hard woods, simple light fixtures, and a number of seating options both near and away from the bar. They also have an outdoor patio where you can watch all of the local train wrecks walk by as they're shopping in ridiculous outfits and tans. They offer both a brunch and dinner menu, with the brunch menu being a little more breakfast oriented. They also have a large drink menu with some decent cocktails. We started with the bacon wrapped dates; they were decent but it was an extremely small order for $7.Their classic 8oz burger comes with butter lettuce, tomato, red onion, French fries and the option to add cheese for $1. While it looked somewhat decent, it tasted like dry bun and onions. The meat had ok fresh flavor when sampled on its own, but with no seasoning it didn't stand out at all. It actually reminded us of the very first burger I had at Honey Salt before they revamped and made it the spectacular burger it is now. There is really nothing good I can say about this burger; the toppings were all fresh, and the meat did seem to be of good quality, but with a dry bun and zero flavors it's kind of the opposite of what you're looking for in a good burger. And to match, the fries were completely generic, frozen, and had almost no flavor either. They were seasoned with some pepper, but nothing to speak of whatsoever. The burger starts at $13, add cheese and you have a $14 burger that's flavorless and not worth it. With so many more viable options surrounding it between Honey Salt, Fleming's and even The Martini, I can't recommend you go to Embers to get a burger.Food was good. Priced on the high side.  The wine selection is good.  The service was terrible.  The average time to get a glass of wine was 20 minutes.  Server was not attentive at all. I would have to flag her down to get service.This is a bar trying to be a fine dining restaurant.  Our server was definitely a bar food server.  When asked what the soup of the day was, he said he wasn't sure but he thought it was Cauliflower.  The soup arrived in quite a large bowl and it was stone cold and lacked flavor.  This was then switched for a Caesar salad.  The flavor was okay, but it was made with iceberg lettuce rather than romaine.  The buttermilk fried chicken, while tender and juicy inside, but was in the fryer too long, as the crispy crust was on the edge of being burned.  The mashed potatoes served with it were luke warm and runny.  I've had much better instant from a box!  My friend had the mushroom risotto, which she said was flavorful and good.  The highlight of the meal was the bread pudding.  We waited forever for it, but it was worth the wait. Small portion, but very rich and flavorful with a creme en glace sauce which the waiter had never heard of.  He also said there were no apples in the bread pudding, which there clearly were. It was truly yummy.  When we ordered the desert we weren't asked if we would like coffee, nor was my soda ever refilled after it was gone halfway through the meal.  Embers has a long way to go both in service and food quality to becoming the fine dining establishment it's price's suggest it is.I had read some great reviews on here so I was excited to try this place out.  We went on a Sunday night and it was pretty quiet.  After an 80 degree day, eating outside sounded perfect.  The staff were nice enough to set the tables up for us and unfortunately we arrived 3 minutes after happy hour ended.I ordered the bacon wrapped dates which were ok, very unimpressive and were just like the ones you'd find at most places now.  My husband ordered the steak sandwich, one daughter ordered salmon, one a chicken sandwich, and i ordered the spinach salad. The consensus around the table was that it was all under whelming.Maybe they didn't expect people on a Sunday night and the B team was in but the food was overseasoned or underseasoned.  The service was just ok and again, after reading some good reviews I'm not sure what happened because no one would have given the food or service five stars.Definitely not a place we'll return to but you don't know if you don't try.The good:

food, eh. i like her recipes, i've tried literally, a hundred, and i was so diappointed that this food was just eh.

Set-up: Nice decor, lots of room to spread out

*Decor = very cute

Expensive drinks.

-Unevenly cooked rice - some soft, some chewy, some hard.

--wine selection is a bit off with nothing that is really special.

The mass amounts of alcohol also helped.We all had a good time.After reading some of the other reviews about this place, I'll have to come back and appreciate it for the lounge it's suppose to be.Happy New Years Yelpers.ERROR ERROR.It appears there is a "Room" (see pics).At 5:30 one would never know as a first time visitor there was more than what I described in the first chapter (entry). Still, a Cover Charge? For what, exactly?

 Guess which side I was on?  First off we wanted to change tables and they made this big deal out of it even though the place was empty. Trying to say the back room as closed so they had to ask the manager, yet there were people back there already. So that annoyed me. And that was only beginning.  Not being sushi groupies three of us figured we would just get the teriyaki chicken bowl, sounds easy. Well the waitress was either making pretend We wanted the more expensive dinner version, or I was simply not clear but we got the dinner one which was more money ( also asked for less sauce and got sold up to with cut chicken that isn't teriyaki for a 2.00 upcharge). And the Miso soup was disgusting and no one wanted it. The plates had a small amount of cheap white rice with some seaweed embellishment on it, two very small cold squash like vegetables, a spring mix style salad and the chicken which was dry as hell. My Cousin who doesn't eat much laughed saying we'd be hungry later. ( He's psychic!) They got some eel, and sushi or fish platter that was served on a huge mound of ice. there wasn't much there for the money. It looked fresh though.We also got ribs, they were good, we ordered another lot and the next round were tough. Also got eggplant French fries these are very good but be warned eggplant in general really sucks up the grease so if that makes you wonky don't order em'.

**silent 30 seconds**

 times drowned out the dialogue.  Never  mind the laughing children from the party running in the courtyard seen through the windows.  The director Matt Clarke was great as he warmed up the crowd and played a character as wonderfully animated and captivating as a professional actor should. Layla Amerson was a hoot as the main character and quite engaging with audience involvement and dramatic flair.  She had a sense of great comedic timing.  The others could have been salesmen or employees handed a script right before the show.  They didn't project.  The words were not enunciated.  They seemed uncomfortable.  They did not draw the audience in or captivate them.  Apparently people who have never been to one of these didn't have a clue (ha-ha) or had a little too much alcohol, because there were titters and moments of laughter.  I would rate it a D on a A-F scale.  To end the evening the fire alarm went off as desert was being served and the actors motioned for us to evacuate the room.  We kept on going to our car.  I don't feel good about posting this because I love theater and the arts, but people, get your act together.  You're giving murder mystery dinner theater a bad name for the newbies.Last night had dinner 3/25/2015.

But it was exactly that... Cheap.

 care for. I like dealing with one server.I really want to like this place. The atmosphere is nice. The servers are friendly and attentive. The food is just bland. I've tried many things on the menu in my quest to like this place. The food is edible, but just not good.I have been here several times and the food is always sub par in my opinion. I understand that it is bar food but even bar food should at least meet the value of what you are paying. They take a long time to serve you as well. I got wings last night that were the smallest chicken wings I have ever been served. Like others have said, they have a lot of nice tvs but if this place wasn't the only game in town they probably wouldn't be around anymore.The food is subpar, and far too expensive. We ordered the wings, and they were rubbery and dry. The staff was friendly enough.Service is terrible! I've gone a handful of times hoping that this time I will have a better experience." but no luck. The food is okay - typical bar food nothing special! Wait time is long...This is our second time here and feeling the same way as the first. Bar area is too full to sit in so we sit in the back dining area with tons of tables and it's all seat yourself. We had someone come right away for drinks but then can never really tell who our server is and it takes a bit to order. Last time we ordered an app and 2 entrees and got the app after the entrees - which sucked because we ended up having too much food. Large portions, food is good for bar food. Didn't like the chicken tenders, but had good wings and a wrap. Have a large menu and seem to have decent specials. Sadly we live in south Phoenix and thus will probably continue to come because it's the close sports bar with the best draft list. Lots of Four Peaks and other crafts.This place used to be good, not sure what happened but its went downhillFirst time here.  Sat for 20 minutes before asking for our order.  After which took 40 minutes to get our food and it was cold and for bar food/sports bar my buffalo chicken sandwich was very lacking in flavor and ranch was watered down.  Never even  got asked if our food was ok like standard waitresses do at the beginning of your meal.We should have looked on Yelp first and gotten a sign when Filibertos has more stars than a GallaghersWasn't quite sure what was wrong with the service today. Went there for St. Patrick's Day and got in right away. They sent us is the betting/gaming section. The lights were incredibly bright there so we asked if they could be turned down like the rest of the restaurant. But they said they could not do it. I figured it was because of the betting  going on. We ordered wings and they were pretty good but for some reason when we ordered steamed vegetables we ended up with two baggies full of steamed vegetables stuffed into a small jar. Definitely not a way to serve steamed vegetables. It was borderline disgusting.I think the five stars reviews must people from people who have never had boba elsewhere before, and have conflated the lovely drink with this particular establishment in their reviews.

Guess I must drive the extra miles to Fry's.I really wanted to like this place hearing that they are from Italy.

______

2. they were the only pics I could get of the ceremonyHere is why I DON'T like Cashman Photography:

Boo.Kind of a bummer because when they 1st opened it was so good and fresh. Now if you get there before 8:30 on a Saturday your Getting yesterday's old donuts. It's just unacceptable. This morning was the last draw for me. I don't even think it was 8:00 yet and they didn't have hardly any selection and they were ALL old donuts. I don't get it??  I go every Saturday and I think im going to go back to my old spots even though they are little further. I really like this place but I need fresh donuts on a Saturday morning. I just want to tell them, when you open a donut shop you have to go to work at 4:00 am and have the fresh donuts ready. It's what you sign up for. Anyway, I hope they see this and make a change b/c it's so close to my house and the donuts are good when they are fresh.Stopped in for lunch today.... Tried the cheesesteak, beef kabobs, and gyro.  The good news is the cheesesteak was a decent sandwich by my Philadelphian standards...lol

I notice the company replies mainly on the good reviews.

That's your customer service- go fix it yourself.After my previous experience, I was comfortable going back. The dealer mentioned that my front brakes needed to be replaced and it would cost $209. I called Sun Devil and they had a $139 special. I took my SUV in and dropped it off. I got  a call an hour later saying the drums needed to be replaced. It would now be $350. I told them that the dealer never mentioned anything wrong with the brakes just a few days ago. I told them not to do anything then. I got a call back from the manager saying I didn't have to replace the drums but it was recommended. I said just do the pads for $139 as I originally requested. They did but I think the Drums were an unnecessary upsell that most people would have no choice but to say okay.Have to update my review. Not a day or two after I picked up my car from Sun Devil Auto I started hearing a terrible noise from the front driver side of my car. Now I know they had mentioned my brakes were bad, but I hadn't heard as much as a squeak before and now I was hearing metal on metal after they worked on it. Thinking it may have been exacerbated by the spare tire, I took it in to another shop to have it looked at. They confirmed that my brakes were in fact bad, but their replacement package was $100+ cheaper than what SDA quoted me. I'm glad that they brought the issue to my attention, but I believe a better value can be found elsewhere.I love to travel and have done a few cruises (and I enjoyed them) but I was let down by Norwegian Cruise Lines. What they called "The Caribbean" was really Mexico and Central America. They did a lot of cheesy things to make you feel like cattle, shuttled you as tourist marks from one time share-like pitch (i.e.: you think it's a fun game and raffle but you gotta sit through a whole art auction to see if your guess on the Picasso price was right!) ;-/ to another. They capitalized on us being captive audiences and tried to upsell us add ons at every turn. They tacked on $14/day, per person, for tips. When you've got 8 people in your party for over a week, that can add up - and it's not even allocated based on service. If you do go NCL, book your own excursions solo. We were able to save about...oh...75% doing the exact same things on our own. :( Cheesy.Try Holland America. Hands down the best. I've also done Princess which was nice, too - and they both actually go to the Caribbean.no complaint with the work but really expensive.  i would use someone else next time.Food isn't bad but after a 10 minute wait for a burrito it feels like a wasted effort. This is the first time I have actually gotten food at this location because normally when i go the line is long and doesn't ever move. Today i happened to arrive with no line but by the time i left 10+ minutes later the line was at least 5 cars long.This location needs drive-thru training ! Every time I come to this location it seems like the drive through workers are running at half speed. I never have a problem when beginning my order at the speaker and they read it back to me. However whenever I pull up to the window they have my order wrong when they repeat it back.On multiple occasions when I have come for the Thursday grilled chicken taco deal, they always "forget" some of the tacos I ordered. Either they just forget  and not give me a bag or they count the tacos wrong.

-The food is average. I've never had anything "bad" but I haven't had anything that was really good either. I've had different crepes and they're all pretty basic and average tasting. I finish my plate, but am usually underwhelmed.-The service can be bad. Not just bad because they're slow, which isn't always their fault, but bad as in rude and sometimes they seem agitated. I've had some pleasant interactions, but generally they are very curt and don't seem to care that much about how they interact. Example: A server didn't bring me an item I ordered when other drinks were brought to the table. I flagged him and politely asked for my item, and was told that he "knows and it's coming." And then there was this ::eyeroll:: and it just describes the service you can expect to get every once and a while at Cafe Moulin.If you want crepes and Cafe Moulin isn't busy, you can try their crepes without fear of food poisoning or being dramatically disappointed. If it's busy, I would consider waiting in line elsewhere.Got a good deal on carrentals.com, around $24 a day with fees for a PT cruiser but place is a  bit on the ghetto side with their processes.Arriving at the car rental place, you take a 10 minute shuttle to the off airport site multi car rental complex.     All the rental places are clearly marked.  Fox shares with two other small car rental places, so the line looks large until you see there are separate lines.   Two sales people for Fox.  Then you go downstairs to another counter and do another check in in the garage, where there is no AC.  You are given your key and asked to look over your car with an attendant and when you leave you are supposed to give your paperwork to an attendant around the counter but they are busy checking people in.Checking in was just as long.  The computers were down and had to have everything hand written.  Thank god I allotted plenty of time.  Remember to check the shuttle bus, which section of the airport they are going to.   Jumped on the wrong one but the shuttle driver was nice enough to take me to the correct terminal after making me feel guilty about it.Took around 1 hour to get the car.  Took around 45 minutes to drop off the car.They are getting an "extra" star for 2 reasons:

Overpriced? check, check.  I say this twice because I cannot reiterate how small the plates are, and how unsatisfying everything was.This time around, BF and I shared: monkfish liver, pork belly buns, tonkatsu ramen, and chicken katsu.  Everything was bad -- too salty, too fishy, too sweet, too bland, too mushy -- you name it, whatever the dish was supposed to be, it wasn't.  I'm getting mad all over again thinking about how much money I spent on that meal, and how little pleasure I derived from it.  NEVER AGAIN.  And this time, I mean it.So I waited to try this place out, because I wanted to experience it once the kinks were worked out. My boyfriend & I went there for the 1st time last night- we both opted for the build your own bowls. I order a regular size 1/2 chicken, 1/2 steak, with all the veggies, udon noodles, & a spicy peanut sauce. I also ordered a side of spring rolls.I was very disappointed with the quality of the meat in my bowl. I asked for all white chicken & I received both dark & light. The steak, & I hate saying this, was something I should have fed to my dog. The veggies were cooked well, still had some crunch to them. However the onions on the bowl were raw. The sauce did not taste spicy or like peanuts. The noodles were very watery. The spring rolls however were very good! Overall for $14.00, it was not worth it. The quality, & taste was just not good. I should have went to Zoe's or Chipotle, but next time I know that if I am looking for a better, casual dinning option for dinner, I will go else where.It is a shame, because I really wanted to like this place & was excited to try it, because it had good Yelp reviews.My husband and I have been here twice now and I really wanted to like this place but I have yet to find anything great about it other than it's a healthy option.  The bowls are over loaded with rice or noodles they charge 1.30 each to add a 2oz serving of vegetables and the sauces just have a very weird flavor I can't explain.  The staff was semi friendly. I have to say I don't think I will be back!I get the concept.. But there's much tastier and fresh foods available at other restaurants. I tried the OYAKO bowl which had little to no flavor and the chicken was very dry. I chose udon noodles to go with the bowl, but I think that was a bad decision, as the noodles were overcooked.I'd give it two stars just because the environment was really nice (modern setting). It's quite possible I just caught them on the wrong day (it wasn't busy at all, but who knows).Ate there for the 1st time this week. I was very disappointed  in the quality of the food. I ordered noodles,and teriyaki chicken. There was only 4 small pieces of chicken,and the food overall was cold.Wow. Worst bowls ever. Ramen wasn't great and the were vegetables all put on the side of hot noodle bowl. The vegetables in the ramen weren't steamed or cooked, they were just raw. Won't ever be back. Seemed clean, the service was adequate.My rating scale:(Only food and drink quality considered for rating. Usually worldwide comparison rating given unless otherwise noted in description)1 Star - Terrible. The worst representation. Would not return.2 Star - Bad. Below average representation. Would not return.3 Star - Average. Decent showing. May return.4 Star - Very good. Above average. Would return.5 Star - Excellent. The best representation. Would definitely return. Despite reasonable freshness of veg, chicken seemed processed and plastic-like. Sushi rolls mushy and bland. Bizarre sauce given to doll over yakatori bowl..the sales people are great and the buying experience was fine... however, everything falls apart when there is a problem and you have to deal with the worst customer service i've ever experienced when spending so much money... it took them THREE trys to get me the correct hardware for one of the pieces and the bed collapsed as a result of being assembled with dry wall screws that were too short... what did AFW do to make this right? NOTHING! i had to repair the bed myself as i didn't have the time to wait for them to fix it... you know that warranty they sell you on... forget it... it's just talk... i asked to speak to a manager... i never received that call... after spending $3k i will never buy anything from them ever again...As we were ready to make a purchase last week they had a problem with there systems being down. There was no managers on the floor for the first 45mins. They left all there sales people to deal with the problem which the sales team was very nice. Finally when we got a second option on how we could make our purchase after over an hour of waiting. We went through with the purchase with cash. They were suppose to email the receipt because they couldn't print anything being the system was down. Never got the receipt. Well major problem for me. Went to assemble the item purchased and I was wondering why the screw just kept falling out. Why cause the wood was already stripped and damaged. The lady in customer service said I could call the manufacturer have them send replacement piece. I was all why would I do that. I want to return this defective crap. I would be concerned that it just gonna be a problem going forward. I rather not. So here I'm going to return then they tell me I have to wait up to 2 weeks to get my payment back. That's just straight crap. Needless to say the entire experience is an inconvenience. I would never purchase from them again. For a person to pay with cash and you tell them you gotta wait up to 2 weeks to receive your payment back in check. How do I even know that I'll receive my payment back. This company is just straight bull.Furniture is beautiful and the sales staff is amazing... But don't try and return anything!!!! It's a nightmare and you have to go to 3 desks and deal with lines at each. 1st to take the stuff 2nd to process and 3rd to actually pay the 15% restocking fee out of your pocket. I won't be back... It's worth it to pay more and go elsewhere in the off chance I don't love somethingsthe furniture I bought was missing parts, and the returns process was long and I waited for a table leg. For the price I expect the furniture to have all the right parts. Save yourself the frustration and shop somewhere else.I know everyone and their mom likes this place so maybe I just had bad luck. We ordered a sectional on April 1st and was told it would arrive at their warehouse on April 5 and then be delivered within the next 7 days. 2 days after ordering we got a call saying it was backordered and the date was pushed back. Long story short, the date changed 5 times and would be delivered sometime in June. This whole time we had no couch because ours broke and we had to toss it. I honestly don't think we would have ever received our sectional, so we got a refund and bought a sectional at Living Spaces in Scottsdale. It was in stock AND delivered the same day we bought it.Took me a while to find someone that worked there so I could purchase my item. Then you pull around to pick it up and there was one employee with a line of four people. Then you wait to pick up your item. When you get home the instructions are difficult. Next time I'll just make the drive to ikea.Updating, I finally got a hold of a manager who cared enough to do an exchange for us which is absolutely wonderful! Thank you to the folks who were very kind to us.  but now, as the sofa sits in a spare bedroom waiting to be picked up.... we found a dead cockroach near the sofa! Which is making me now have second thoughts about having it in my house and have another sofa delivered. Is there gonna be more? did it lay eggs?  And just to put it our there we have our house sprayed once a month for all types of bugs, plus our HOA sprays common grounds. So we know for a fact it came from the sofa, which its obvious since it was a foot away from the couch. I'm so upset. Waiting so long for delivery and now being unsure of our decision to purchase/not return sofa in fear of roaches.Wellll first time here. Probably the last.

This apartment complex looks very nice, and while the location doesn't provide nearby stores/gas stations; I liked the quietness of the area. There's not a lot of traffic around the complex and there aren't problems with break-ins or sketchy people walking around the building.I think if you have a higher budget for your rent, and want to live somewhere that's more quiet, yet nearby phoenix, scottsdale, downtown tempe (mill ave/asu) -- then this apartment is pretty nice. However, I still don't like the management, because some staff are rude and avoid telling you things that will help save you from charges.  I just felt like a lot of the staff acted fake, unfriendly and left you in the dark about some policies.The employees seem to be unhappy to be working here. I only go to this location when I want to run in and run out.03/02/13Sent a parcel to a relative through this location after visiting two other businesses, a UPS in Tempe, and the FedEx on Pima Rd, just off of Raintree and the 101.  All three gave me different quotes, which I found quite strange.  I wished I'd gone with the first quote, the Tempe UPS one (under $20), but I'd have to drive 20-some miles south again, which isn't a big deal, since I have appointments to keep in that area, anyway, but that would mean another delay, and this package was prepared back in December!  So I decided to send it out today, going with a price quote* that sat between the lowest, UPS, and the highest, the FedEx ($27).  Wouldn't you know it, but right before the clerk was about to finalize the transaction, he asked me if I wanted a signature, or if I was comfortable with leaving the package at the door.  When I said I'll go without the signature but then asked if he could wait while I called my sister to see how safe her neighborhood was (I knew it was very safe already), he commented that I do so "because, y'know you're trying to save three bucks here..."  I really didn't appreciate that sarcastic comment, but then again, my mother would never let me hear the end of it if the package didn't reach its final destination, so I paid for the extra fee, which now brought the price quote similar to the one I was given at FedEx, which suggested to me that at least the clerks at FedEx and at Tempe's UPS were giving me honest quotes, and that the clerk at this UPS location fooled me to stay with a lower quote, but then later tacked on added fees.  I left feeling dissatisfied with the whole experience, so I doubt I'll be sending out future packages from here.* The price quote given did not include a "delivery surcharge" that was already included in the Tempe UPS quote given to me a few days prior.  Add the guaranteed signature fee, and you may perhaps understand why I'm giving a low rating.I do like that everything here is a dollar, but it sucks when you wanna buy a small thing and also have to pay a dollar. Oh well, I just came here for travel shampoo and other stuff. I do not plan on coming back here anyways, because I am just visiting Phoenix.The cashier was kinda rude too. The lady behind me wanted to get the separating bar for the checkout conveyor belt and the cashier grabbed it from her, telling her that she needs it to push the other bars, but those you can't even reach. It didn't make sense, but I wasn't about to say anything because it would have made it worse.I came in early in the morning letting the tech know that I needed an alignment. My car pulls to the right and I needed that fixed asap. After the service was finished he told me my front left tire goes to the left and they fixed that and aligned everything. He claims everything is good. Soooooo then if they fixed it why is my car pulling even harder to the right and my steering wheel is off point. 2 stars is cuz of them being so polite. The way the techs talks sounds like they dont know what they're talking about.I took my son here for a hair cut a couple months ago. We were told a 15 min wait which ended up turning into a 45 min. Wait. My son's hair was cut way shorter then I asked, I figured it's just hair and it will grow.. No biggie. So I gave this place another shot last Monday afternoon I came in with my son and the lady said it would be an 1.5 hour wait! Holy heck no way am I waiting that long for a kids haircut! So I asked to make an appointment, she said oh sorry we don't do appointments here. Um OK so you have this crazy busy place but you don't let people make appointments?!  That makes perfect sense. They really need to change that rule because they officially lost me as a costumer. I took my son to cool cuts for kids and guess what they let me make an appointment and got me in within the hour. And it's only 15.95 for a kids cut. Bottom line it's a cute place but horrible customer service. Snip it's you should really consider appointments for your costumers.I took my two year old for a haircut and was told it was a ten minute wait. Turns out it was closer to 30-45mins. The frustrating part is that the lady who said the wait was ten minutes went on break. It would seem to me that she would know if she was going on break and there was only one other employee working, that the wait would be longer. Especially since she was the one who would be cutting my daughter's hair. As for the haircut itself, my daughter doesn't require much. She's two, has bangs and whispy longer hair in the back. The bangs are slightly crooked. The total time spent on the haircut was five mins. The price of a haircut is $17.95. Luckily since I was a first time costumer I was able to use a coupon and save five dollars. Overall I was not impressed. I could have done the cut myself and done a better job. The plus side was that my daughter enjoyed the fun decor and train table.I just finished my BSIT degree.  I would not recommend U of P to anyone looking at learning something.  If you already have the experience and just need the degree like I did it is ok.  I still was frustrated spending $1200 a class for not learning anything.  The best classes I had were the general education classes.  My IT classes were poorly thought up and had horrible content.  One example is that a teacher was showing us the inside of a computer and didn't even know where the CMOS battery was.  I know I'm a geek for knowing where to non IT people but this is a major problem.  I have had a few friends go here as well and all have the same problems.  Many of the team learning assignments are challenging because the other group members are just looking to take up space and get your good grade.  You will fail based on your other members if you don't do their work.  So it's just a mess.I am glad to be able to have a degree though which is why they have 2 stars not 1.  Just do yourself a favor go to a real school get a real education and be happy.  :)Check your food before you leave the drive-up!!!

And not much on the menu under $10, not even the daily specials. HOB was a local bar with affordable food and great beer selection that we frequented at least once a week. Wish they would have kept it that way.Have to say we were disappointed to say the least.This place is disgusting. The food is bland. No flavor at all. I should have kept driving and gone to McDonald's. Also, The amount of bugs flying around is unacceptable. It makes me wonder what it is like in the kitchen. I spent my meal fighting off flies and other flying bugs (not sure what they were... Baby flies? Maggots with wings? Who knows?) Overall disgusting experience and just waiting on the food poisoning to kick in.... I'm certain it is coming...Only good thing is there are good beers...Got a recommendation of what to order, but the food came out cold  2x ....

Anyways we will be looking for another Vietnamese restaurant the next time we're in town.Broken rice with grilled pork is super dry, tasted like it was left over from a day before. It's not worth it for how much they charged.Ate here for the first time today. Pho broth tasted pretty good without having to put any hoisin sauce in it, however it is super cloudy compared to most pho broths meaning it is super fatty. Small portions for pho. Water is from the tap. Also got their chicken fried rice, chicken was overcooked, dried, and unappealing. Tasted like it was left out on the counter for a few hours to get that hard.... Ac was also broke.. So it was humid and flys had taken over lol And there were so many workers there standing around but we still got our orders late.. Wasn't packed either. Our fried rice didn't come out until everyone was finished with their pho. And the lady's next to us also got their meal late.It pains me to update this review, but over the course of the last few months I feel that the service here has gone downhill.  On one occasion my family ordered their food and everything seemed to be normal.  However, my father's food never came out.  We asked multiple workers about his food and all said they would check on it, but his food never arrived.  When my father went up to the register to ask about his food, the lady working the register didn't even apologize.  It is such a shame because the food here is still good...it is just the service that is seriously lacking here.My mom was raving that this Vietnamese restaurant was good but the reviews showed otherwise; I still decided to give it a chance. The restaurant is very spacious--as opposed to the surrounding pho restaurants. I don't think you should have a problem with getting in, as pho is a quick meal so people are in and out. The decor itself was plain and didn't stand out much. The service was friendly but it may also be because they're my people.I wasn't craving pho at the time so I decided to go with chao ga (rice porridge with chicken) and my mom got hu tieu nam vang. Everyone's food come out first except for mine and I probably waited around 15~20 mins until they realized I still haven't gotten my food yet. When it came out, I was so happy because I was starving! Now, the chao ga was good; there was a lot of white meat chicken and it was really flavorful and I did enjoy my meal. However, when my mom and I got back to the hotel, we were really tired and our mouths felt really dry. That's when I knew that our food was packed with MSG and before I knew it, I knocked out on the bed for a few hours. I woke up and immediately started drinking water due to dehydration.Yes the food was good but it makes me question if the food was good due to hours of prep time and flavor, or due to the added MSG. I would have to go with the MSG and that's a no-no for me.The pho was okay, but this is Vegas so it may be the best in Vegas, but not for pho anywhere. I would not return as a couple of other pho places in Vegas are a tad better.2nd time here after the place got new owners and I'm disappointed! They previous owners had everything on point and now it's just blahhIt's an okay place. Best thing was the egg rolls but still a very bland restaurant. The fried rice was very bland, had to add pepper, sauces, and a fried egg to enhance the flavor but did not make much of a difference. The side dishes of meat had to some flavor but had better around here in Las Vegas. Large portions but very tasteless. Good customer service was a plus. Would not recommend.I'm not sure why my parents swears that this place is the best pho place in Vegas...but sure. We always go here to grab pho when we're in town because they like it here. The broth is cleaner than most places that I've had...but it is also bland. I've tried their pho, shaken beef, and broken rice dishes... They all lack a lot of flavor.A pro about this place is that they give you a lot of meat with their dishes! I just wish they had more flavor..but more meat is never bad.The soda chanh (lime and soda water) is terribly mixed. Usually one would mix it with hot water first so the sugar dissolves but I don't think they do that at all. In order for me to taste the sweetness, I constantly have to stir the drink and drink really quick from the bottom before the sugar all settles again.I want to say that I don't want to come back here again but my parents still enjoy it here. Maybe up until I find a better location...We ordered the Bo Nhung Dam, which is like beef spring rolls that you make yourself so I cant say how the Pho is. Taste - it tasted fine, very basic, very healthy because its so easy to make and 90% of it is just greens.Price - EXPENSIVE. Our food came out in small portions and refills costed extra money! 2 stars because it wont fill you and if you want it to, prepare to pay extraI think the broth need to be more flavor... the owner seems nice very jolly friendly there is a $15 minimum on a credit card but if you eat one bowl of pho and a Vietnamese coffee you just hit the line.The food is good but the server is really badly when they come and check on you and if you want some more seem like they not be or they walk away when you haven't done telling them what you needI just can't anymore with Pho So 1. I had a cockroach crawl across the table. They offered me a free coconut water.

We had to wait almost 30 minutes just for him to come get our order & he didn't even bring us our food it was another waiter (much nicer ; he had good ca skills) we never saw him until I finally got his attention to ask for the check!

Starter: Lobster Bisque OR Spinach Salad

Until I saw the fruit flies. Everywhere along the bar. One landed in my water. Then I realize there was an entire fruit fly infestation all along the back of the bar. I decided not to order any garlic fries after all, paid my tab, and walked several spaces down to the Fox Sports bar, where it did not smell like mustard.I wouldn't really recommend this place if you're in terminal 4. However, if you're in a hurry and there's a crowd at Fox, try it out. At least the service was quick...Beer was not very cold.  They don't have the beer price on the menu - it is more than you'd (or I'd) expect.I went there expecting some custom beer - not here!  Standard beers on tap.Geez, given all of the happy people out there, I actually feel bad about giving a low grade, but in the interest of an honest review I am gonna be, well, honest. I do not like this place- I have been a million times (to a few of them), I have family who just love it- but I just cringe every time I hear I will have to go. First off, I totally get why this place is so popular, it's cheap, the food is not totally toxic and it has this comfy, old timey feel... I hear. That being said, I just feel like all of the food is totally cheap, not in the yay a deal way, but rather, everything tastes like cheap, low quality ingredients. I went out on a limb today and ordered the veggie skillet- semi healthy I am thinking, man was I wrong! The veggies weren't fresh at all and they were damn, damn greasy. The eggs were eggs, and then it looked like someone threw a bunch of cold grated cheddar on top... eww. On to the service- I will say that I have had a (really) few good service experiences here, but they are pretty few and far between. For some reason, I always see people walking around with the coffee, but they do that whole avoid eye contact thing and I sit around without any coffee. The servers always seem like you are the table that is gonna push them over the edge because they are hanging on by a string. For some reason, it just never feels like a nice experience, so I will continue subtly sending my message to family by making faces anytime I hear this place on the table for the meeting spot to eat.Went to this Cracker Barrel on Easter Sunday.  Not really busy but the service was HORRIBLE.  Our group was 8.  We were seated promptly and our waiter came and took our drink order.  His face was expressionless, no personality, no people skills,  just a robot.  I ordered the Chicken Fried Steak with gravy on the side.  When he brought my plate, it had Chicken Fried Steak smothered in gravy with fries and corn!!!  I sent it back and waited a good while until it came back the right way.  He was serving down at the other end of our table and I was waving my arms wildly trying to get his attention as the silverware I unwrapped had dried food on it!   He did not acknowledge me.  He never came back to check on us,  never refilled our drinks.   Terrible, terrible service, I will never go back there.My 10 year old son chose this place last night to celebrate his birthday. We hadn't been in a while so that's where we ended up. It was busy, as most Friday evenings are at any restaurant in the area. We waited about 15 minutes to be seated. We had to wait about 10 minutes after being seated for our server to come and ask for our drink order. When I ordered a diet Coke she said, "It's broken and gross." Ok - so I got a lemonade instead which was good. We waited forever for our meal. She only checked on us once the entire time. I think it took 90 minutes from the time we got there until the time we checked out. Lovely little place, but will not be coming back until they get it together.Yuck.Slow service. Over priced. Ordered eggs over medium, got a runny mess. $10.45 for sausage and eggs. No thank you.We live on the west side of the valley and last night we  had a meeting scheduled on the east side. Needing a place for dinner along the way, we picked the Cracker Barrel. We've never eaten at this restaurant but have had good meals at others.We allowed extra time because these restaurants are usually pretty busy. We should have added another hour.From the time we entered the parking lot till we got a table was less then five minutes. You can't beat that, but it was all down hill from there. We were seated at a table in the center of the building, with my wife facing the front and I the back. To my left was another couple at a table about 3 feet away. On my right were three more tables, along the wall, with a husband and at each.The waittres got our drink order quickly and while she was there, we ordered our dinners hoping to speed things up. While we were waiting the couple on my left finished up and left. At that point we were there about 20 minutes. About 5 minutes later another couple was seated at that table.The waitress (the same lady that is serving us)was there quickly and took their drink order. A short time later she was back and got their food order. At about the same time one of the couples to my right finished up and left. Again, about 5 minutes later the table was filled again. A different server was helping them and it was probably 10 minutes later that their food order was taken. At this point we were about 40 minutes into our experience.Another 10 minutes passes and I see our surver approaching with a tray of food but she goes to the table on my left. What? As she leaves I catch her eye and ask where is our food? She says something about a server not coming in and having to take her tables also and their food came out first. I give her a disbelieving look and she leaves. Another few minutes go by and the newly arrived couple on my right gets their food. Now we've been there close to an hour.Now a older lady shows up at our table an apologizes for the delay and tells us one of their grills is down and they are running a little behind. I ask her how come these other two tables got their food before us and all she can say is that a grill is down. What?Soon after that our food arrived.  It was good and there was plenty of it, but we had to gulp it down, get our check, leave, and drive like crazy to get to our meeting.All together we were there for about an hour and twenty minutes. The're are a couple of things that should be looked into: First they lied to us. I'm sure our order got lost. Way not just admit it. Tell the truth. Second, show you care by comping one of the dinners. Don't just sluff it off as business as usual. We will not be returning to this restaurant.I've been here about four times, and the first three visits were nothing noteworthy, but today's visit ensures I won't be back. I called to request to come in at 12:30, and they still kept me waiting even knowing I had come on my 30 minute lunch break. And now my eyebrows are uneven, with a bald spot on one side. She said, "oh you have no hair there. you pencil it in." well, I HAD hair there - I don't even own an eyebrow pencil.  Feh. And my eyes and lip are blotchy red, too. I know that's a common occurence, it's just never been this bad for me. Not sure if that's coincidence or not.I went in this afternoon for a mani-pedi.  The shop was empty save for a woman at the nail drying table and one getting a set of acrylics.  The gentleman doing her nails took a couple minutes to acknowledge me standing there and once he did, he grunted to me to write my name on the clipboard.  He then yelled toward the back for someone to come out to help the new customer.  Having forgotten my own bottle of OPI nail polish, I selected one from the display on the wall and sat in the pedi chair as instructed.My tech, "Jennifer," was friendly enough but hard to understand.  She listened to what I told her about my pedicure and did a nice job.  Partway through she told me she would do a spa pedi (including callus remover, a paraffin foot treatment, and hot stone massage) and mani for $40.  Perfect.  My feet ended up smooth and the polish looks great.  I can't say the same about my hands.  I asked her to file my nails straight across, not curved, but she didn't listen.  She left red polish smudges all over my fingertips and seemed put-out when I asked her to clean it up.  She smudged the thumb and instead of removing the polish and redoing it, she just used the clear topcoat to smooth it out.  I ended up coming home, taking the polish off my fingernails, and doing my nails myself.I may go back for a pedi, but I'll stick to doing my manis myself.  Definitely not worth $40 combined.Staff don't really acknowledge the fact that you're there, aside from when they're trying to add on services.  I guess they're used to groups of people going together, instead of going by themselves.  Either way, the service was sub par, I kinda got rushed out at closing time and ended up smudging my nails.I've been coming here for years. I find this location to be a great place for a pedicure. Yesterday I made an appointment with my usual nail tech and when I arrived today the main girl Ann said "Kim no work here anymore". WHAT??  WHY wasn't I told this when I made my appointment??  I've been coming here for years!!  Very unprofessional and rude. They lost a customer.Pedicures are nice and the gals who usually give them are excellent. They get two stars because the owners/managers (husband and wife) are rude and seem to take the customers (away from the other employees)  if they (the owners) are not busy . Nobody speaks English very well and it seems they talk about you (although I don't know for sure), they shuffle you around the stations as if you aren't as important as the next customer (to finish the service that they started.) Services are cheap.I have had a three pedicures and liked them all. $30 for the works.

Food:Wayyyyyyy toooooo GREASY!!!!!!!Everything is saturated in grease!It's like they do not take the time to allow the oil in the fryer to get hot enough in order for the food to be cooked on the inside and for the grease to drip out when they bring it out of the fryer!!! You can see the oil float under the heavily battered & bland fried fish. Their tartar sauce and watered down vinegar is of no help! And their chips(fries)- Soggy, tasteless, limp, always cold. You have been warned."British cuisine"...this phrase is often seen as an oxymoron by Americans.  Unfortunately The Codfather does nothing to dispel this notion.

Would I come here again?  Probably not, uncles I'm absolutely forced to go.I'm not really sure how this places survives in this economy. It's overpriced with poor service and the food is mediocre at best. Stopped by today for lunch and we weren't even sure we had a food server it took him so long to get to our table. He was "rushed" through the whole meal.  When we asked him questions about the meal he acted like it was an imposition to answer our questions.  Items we ordered:   glass of white french wine, iced tea, bowl of french onion soup, basiled chicken and brie sandwich, chicken salad, creme brulee for dessert.  Our bill came out to 57.83.   This meal was not worth that price.   On the menu it stated the chicken salad had basil in it.  When I received the salad no basil.   I even asked the food runner if it had basil and she assured me it did.   I informed the waiter and he agreed they omitted it.    Bread is also not automatically brought to the table.   You must ask for it otherwise you're out of luck.   Food was also on the salty side.   I would not recommend spending your hard earned money here.   There are better places with great food and service for the price.A pleasant place in Kierland Center, but has gone down hill from earlier visit.  Good house wine by the carafe, we had the French Merlot.  Very inconsistent food quality.  I had the spinach and frisee salad.  The poached egg was overcooked, so no yolk to add the a very dry salad.  No enough bacon fat to wilt the salad properly.  An average quality lamb shank without any evidence of the olives and other seasonings promised.  My friends filet of beef was ordered medium rare and served med. well.  Rather dry.  They refused to subsitute for the brussels sprouts, then the waiter came back and said they could do it after all.  Desert souflles were ordered by two diners, both were dry and flavorless.  They need to pay more attention in the kitchen.  Overall, a very average experience at above average pricing.Service:  For a lunch hour it was the place to be!  However, we split to items on the menu and it took for EVER!  We ordered a salad to split and a hamburger.  We sat for a good 15 minutes between finishing our salad and the delivery of our hamburger.  And it was a bit frustrating when then table that sat down next to us was brought their meal way before ours came out!

6:00 pm: 3 stars

I ordered a dirty martini and it was ok. Nothing too great. My hubby and I shared the cauliflower plate and the pepperoni and onion pizza... I wanted to be wowed like I am at the sister restaurant but unfortunately everything fell flat!

First the place looks nice. It's big has a lot of seating so that's pretty good but it all stops hereWe ordered chips and salsa with a side of guac 5 buck for the chips and 1.70 for the guac. there is a LOT of chips couldnt finish it with just two people

I struggle with my bin, putting back on my shoes

Banquet Hall: ZERO starsPS- my two children said the waiters in the room looked mad, and they were probably having a very bad day... LOLDon't come here if you want to see the strip. The promised shuttle service is unreliable and the hotel doesn't care to take responsibility, blaming a subcontractor and admitting sometimes they don't show up. If you want to spend all your time in the casino, maybe it's a better choice. Rooms are clean.Hotel is clean. Food is poor. Except for the sushi bar which is very good. Avoid the cafe and the buffet. Of the three of us, two got sick. We went to the "the amazing meeting" which was amazing. Look it up. I just wish they would hold it at another hotel. South points pool is crammed full of children, all day. Not very relaxing.  On the the other hand this hotel is very reasonably priced. You get what you pay for i guess.I just checked in a a couple of hours and i want to check out. Im used to customer service and from the bell stand, front desk and housekeeping its the worse...smh...This hotel is fairly far from the strip and collected a rather strange crowd during the evening gambling.  We checked in and were given a coupon book that really did not have any useful coupons and a bonus kick in the head was the $12/day 'RESORT' fee...a fee well worth the absolutely nothing we received for it (ha).  The room did not have a refrigerator but was at least a nice size and clean.  Additionally, the pool was huge and a nice place to cool off.My wife and I stayed there on July 20 2014, We were traveling with a group of 7 Including 2 small kids .  We arrived at South point to a large line to check in, Rooms were nice casino was clean.  We took the kids to the bowling alley around 7pm while bowling on the lane next to us was couple who had way to much alcohol and were acting out there sexual fantasies in plane view of the kids. We informed the bowling center staff and waited well no one ever showed up we took the kids and left.  I feel that they need more security and serve less alcohol to people who were very drunk. I am not sure if we will return to South Point.Don't be fooled by the photos of the rooms. The service here is horrible. I arrived with a party of four two kids and two adults. Requested a roll away bed for my son who does not like to sleep with his sister. The front desk denied me and so did her manager. They instead stated I needed to get another room. Very rude. Definitely choosing another hotel on my next stay here in Vegas.They charge $14 for wifi that's super slow, totally useless! They say it's also for the use of the airport shuttle and fitness center, but I didn't even use those at all. Totally bs! Other than that their redeeming qualities are the pool which is not very crowded, nice rooms, and the buffet is good for the price.There is hit or miss service at the bars. You need to watch out for the elder regulars that frequent the place. If there is a "high roller" at the bar then you will not get the service or respect you deserve despite how much you are spending.We were in South Pointe a little bit ago and when we walked in we immediately felt a weird vibe. Instant paranoia and had a "look over your shoulder" type feeling. We went there for a little gambling and a dinner special they were having and due to their limited availability we did not get the special. We decided to just gamble a bit. After finally looking for someone we ordered a coffee at the bar.  It was 11pm at night and we were told the kitchen was closed. They actually told us its too late for coffee. We gambled a little more and this place just gave us the creeps. Here is the thing... We came up with friends recently (a few weeks after our  original encounter). We never said anything about our experience and our friends asked if we could go to another casino because they didn't like the "feel" of the casino. It was then we told our story and took off.They charge a $14 per day "resort fee" to cover in room Wi-Fi and all I can pull is 1.5 Mbps.This is an old hotel that needs some attention. The bathrooms don't have fans, the tub doesn't drain well. Didn't spend any time at the casino, but tried the food in a couple of spots, disappointing.The rooms are just ok.  The wallpaper is peeling as is the paint around the mirrors.  They don't include a refrigerator but will supply one for a price unless you tell them it's for medication.  The tub didn't drain so that made showers not so pleasant.  It's all pretty dated and tacky.  Everything we brought with us smelled of cigarettes even though we were in a non smoking room and didn't hang out in the casino.We spent the weekend in Las Vegas to attend our three granddaughters gymnastics meet (Lady Luck Meet) held at Southpoint Conference Center.  This was our second stay at Southpoint. We have stayed in casino resort hotels several times and this was by far the worse place we have stayed in.  We had a king room and while the bed was comfortable the pillows felt like Walmart foam pillows and only two pillows were on the bed. Guess I am spoiled by Marriott accommodations.  The bathroom had only 2 very thin bath towels, 2 hand & 2 washcloths. I could also smell smoke in the room even though it was a non-smoking floor.  The casino also was smokey.  The only plus was the coffee maker in the room.Another nice casino  with really bad payout and awlful  service for drinks had to go up to movie theater  to buy a diet coke.. why have bonus spins if you win zero..REALLY...at least make slots give some change for bonus.. not trying to win millions but if you make pennys slots now have high minimum  bet then at least pay out because you surely aren't losing it on free drinks..BECAUSE  they never come.. and fyi.. I tip watresses so your lost ladies.. you may want to actually bring drinks to casino  players and you'll  get tips.. just sayn'Rooms are nice but I thought I'm going to die from the smoke...ventilation was so bad...not going backDo you ever sit and stare at this box to think about how to write a review in the fairest manner possible, but you are constantly rubbing your forehead going "uhhhh"? In this case you have to remember - its a casino, not Morton's Steakhouse. So I guess I will boil it down to simple pros and cons.Start with the cons (and try to end this on a high note!).  Here are the "cons" in my opinion:1) Location: Could this place be any further away from the Strip? Maybe they were planning ahead for that eventual time when "the Strip" will expand down to their location, but I doubt I will be alive to see it. Until then, plan on taking a $30+ taxi ride every time you want to see ANYTHING else in Vegas beyond South Point.2) The Crowd: If you love a smokey environment (I know, all casinos have that - I hear ya.  But the good casinos have a decent ventilation system to suck the majority of the smoke out) and a rough-looking, over weight, tattooed crowd, you might get into South Point.  However, if you prefer to have a fun to watch (and yes, attractive to look at) crowd, I would suggest you head north my friend.3) The Wi-Fi: Again, I know I'm in a casino and I am suppose to be on the floor emptying my pockets into their games. However, some of us only came here because a convention is being hosted there (God knows why they picked this place!).  So having a strong signal that responds fast is helpful.Now that I have gotten that off my chest, please indulge me 2 minutes longer to share the "pros":1) Michael's Restaurant: Expensive as hell, but amazing.  If you want to experience fine dining, this is the place.  If you don't, there are cheap cafes elsewhere on the property.2) The Rooms: They are clean, quiet, have a great view of the mountains (mine did at least), and easy to get to.  If you ever had to walk the miles it takes to get to your room at the MGM, you will understand the value of this comment.  No smell of smoke.3) Guest Services: From bring the toothpaste I forgot to breakfast in bed, the service was prompt. So for me, I'm glad I was able to say "suuuure, I've stayed there!", but South Point is just not my scene.I've stayed here 3 times over the last 10 or so years. And for some reason, it keeps getting worse every time. The first time it was at the suggestion of a friend about a year after it opened. I hadn't even heard of the hotel. The stay was ok, but there were some cleanliness issues, the staff wasn't very friendly at all and both valet and check-in took FOREVER. But it had been a few years, so I figured we'd try it. I have to add that this was the last time my sister and I were going to see one another until our next yearly Vegas trip since I was moving. Where to start... In the room, the makeup mirror was broken and a light was out. Thankfully, I am a makeup artist and travel with my own lighted mirror. We also had to call for toiletries, there were none in the room. NONE. Security didn't check everyone's room card before letting them past to the elevators to the rooms. It seemed they were profiling, but I couldn't for the life of me figure out how. But either way, they should have been checking EVERYONE's room card. The safe was stuck and wouldn't open, so we had to call for someone to come open it. Actually, we had to call TWICE before they sent anyone. When he finally arrived, he quizzed us about what was in there. And when we couldn't tell him, he said whatever was in there would belong to the hotel (it ended up being a DOLLAR). And he did take it. One night we were going out and security stopped us to ask for ID. Well, not us- ME. Mind you I was 40 years old at the time and my sister was 24, but we look the same age (crazy I know, but true). The way he did it,  he made a scene. When he finally let us go, all eyes were on us as we walked out. I still have no idea why he stopped us AND he almost made us late to where we were going. Lastly, when we called for a late check out early the night before, we were told to call back at a ludicrous time because they couldn't tell us whether or not they could accommodate it. So after partying all night, I had to set my alarm clock to 7 am to beg for a late check out. They gave us an extra hour, much less than what we were told we could get. But then they tried to get us to pay for more time. I can't see giving the South Point any more chances unless something drastic changes.I had a short 8 hour layover in Las Vegas and my husband booked a room here through on online agency because they had a free airline shuttle. Unfortunately our flight was delayed and by the time we got there, the shuttle was no longer running and my layover was only 6 hours long. After a $35 cab ride from the airport, we arrived extremely tired from flying all day with my 2 daughters (one 2 years old and very tired of flying all night) and tried to check into our room. After being ignored at the desk for about 5 minutes I finally asked if I could get some help. They told me "In a minute" and finished their story with a fellow co-worker before helping me. I was told my reservation was not to be found, I showed them a copy of the confirmation email but the check-in staff Erika (or Erin?) Smith could care less. She said I had to call the company it was booked through. My phone was dead and she claimed there were no phones available for me to use. She was absolutely HORRIBLE. I was almost in tears, I considered just sleeping in the lobby since they refused to give me the room and I had to get up and get on another flight in 4 hours. Of course the booking company was not open at that hour and she refused to work with me, call them or offer any solutions, she walked away from me! I had to go find someone else to have her come back to the desk and I asked her to check again under my husband's name, she "magically" found the reservation. I wasted an extra 45 minutes arguing with this horrible woman instead of sleeping. I was told if I needed a phone I could walk (at 1 am, with 2 children and a sleeping 2 year old and all our luggage) down the street to a payphone! I was shocked anyone would think this is appropriate!! The rooms were nice, its just a shame they have such incompetent staff working.We did not enjoy our stay.  We were in Vegas for a military ball and it was being held at South Point.  Housekeeping was appalling and the manager at the front desk was very rude. The housekeeping staff did not wait more than 5 seconds after they (very quietly) knocked before barging in the room.  They (very literally) caught me with my pants down.  The day we checked out, we were basically kicked out of our room by housekeeping.  The maids knocked on the door at 9AM and we told them to come back later.  We packed up our stuff and took some of it out to the car and were planning to come back, get the rest, and then check out.  When I went back to our room, the maid had put all of our stuff in a trash bag on top of her cart, threw away our uneaten breakfast, and lost one of our wine glasses that we got from the ball.  I was trying to ask the maid what happened to my wine glass, but she hardly spoke English at all so it was a little difficult.  Luckily another guy from housekeeping was walking by with a big cart full of laundry and she asked him if he had seen my wine glass.  He pulled it out of the bottom of the laundry cart and handed it back to me.  I'm not saying he was stealing it, but it was a little sketchy.  My husband and I went down to the front desk to complain about what had just happened and the manager very insincerely apologized and defended them by saying they probably thought that we checked out.  I told her that in most hotels, on check out day, they wait before trying to get in to your room and clean for the customer to either check out or until it gets closer to the checkout time.  We told her we were not trying to get any discounts or anything for free, we just wanted a sincere apology and a replacement cup of coffee.  Neither of which we got.  I don't know if we will be back to Vegas or not before we move, but I can say for sure that I will not be staying at South Point again.  I usually don't complain about much, but this hotel was awful.  A word of advise, even if you love buffets, avoid theirs like the plague.  It was terrible and a complete waste of money.  On the up side, their salon was very nice.  I had a really nice lady do my hair and Steak and Shake was quite tasty!ok casino but the buffet is not good at all very bland nothing stands outThe Hotel itself seems nice. However, the service we received from the Del Mar Lounge was terrible. We came to the Hotel to meet some friends on Friday June 19TH. My wife and I sat down at the Del Mar Lounge Bar. It took 5 minutes before we were acknowledged, despite the fact that there were several individuals working behind the bar. The eventual greeting was curt and there were no smiles!I began to play the machine at the bar and it was sticky and dirty. The buttons on the machine were sticking. I told the bartender about it and he proceeded to dunk a rag into warm water, wring it out and he passed it over the bar for me to wipe down the area myself. Ridiculous. In the meantime, the other bartender watched me wipe down the bar as he stood there and talked to an individual, that appeared to be a regular. The bartender was telling him how excited he was to be attending the EDC event on Saturday! No effort was made to accommodate us and we had to ask every time our drinks ran dry for another.We also noticed that the cocktail waitresses had to wait several minutes to even be acknowledged when they were waiting for the bartenders. And thus, their guests had to wait a long time for their drinks! When I asked "Chris" about the lounge, he was rude and non responsive.We were disappointed with the experience. The overall hotel experience may have been good, but we deiced not to stay there!I stayed here for a family reunion and had mixed experiences. We got in early and had to wait until noon to get our room. No big deal. When we finally got our room at 12:30, after waiting in line for a long time as they only had 3 people working the check in desk, we got up to our room. It was clean and nice. We had a double queen room for my sister and I. The entire stay we kept saying that the large open space by the window should have had a lounging chair or something. The bed was the issue that stopped me from putting 4 stars. Both our beds were super lumpy because of the mattress protector. I checked with the rest of my family and they all had the same experience. No one likes a lumpy bed. We dealt with it because we were all so tired from the days activities. The slots were relatively loose for me and I got some decent payouts on the penny slots. My sister had some of the same experiences. The pool needed to be taken care of better. We went down one AM at 10 am and found sticky dried smoothie on the pavement leaving me to believe they don't spray down the deck each day. Being a past lifeguard, i found this unacceptable as it was always a job to hose down the pool deck and water park grounds each day to get rid of this. The pool itself had a few clumps of hair and what looked like a mixture of sun screen and water on the surface leaving me to believe that they really need to get their pool maintence up to par to be filtering junk out better. The eating options on site and bars were just fine. If you are looking to go to vegas and stay away from the strip but have it all in the resort this place is fine. If you are looking to spend time on the strip, i would opt for a different hotel as this is 5 miles from the strip and is about a 10 minute drive (if you take the highway...don't drive up las vegas blvd).We spent Sunday night 7/26 on our way home from a trip to Utah. I selected South Point for a change from the Encore, Mandalay Bay, and Venetian and to check out the resort. Boy what a change indeed...after 45 min in the checkin line my wife was begging me to hit the road and we would have if not for the fact that we had tickets to Louie Anderson that night. Louie was great but we wasted a night in Vegas dodging the hordes of free-range teenagers running loose in all areas of the casino and resort.

das war usserst unangenehm und wre durch bessere belftung mit sicherheit vermeidbar gewesen.

So, blaEah, I wont be back for another decade.(6/25/16)  My wife  wanted a steak for dinner  this  evening, never  mind  that  it's only  1600. So racking  my brain  for suitable  locations  I remembered  Outback on Hwy 51. There was a lot  of  parking  and we were seated  quickly  in the bar area. She had a sweet tea and I chose  lemonade. Bring reading glasses! The print on  the  menu  is  tiny and the lights are dim. So in looking  at  the  menu I decided  to  order a loaded blooming  onion. It has cheese  fries added to it. It's supposed  to  be  the best of both but seemed average at best. The blooming  onion  is generally  a  tasty appetizer  that two people  can never fully finish. I think that the onion was smaller  to accommodate  the  cheese  fries. So taste-wise  it was greasy and under seasoned  though there were dipping  sauces available.My wife ordered a 12oz  sirloin medium and I ordered the jumbo crab cake stuffed lobster tail. I am hoping for redemption. I probably  had a better  chance  of  winning  the  powerball. The crab was perfectly  seasoned  and the lobster  had been drizzled  with some sort of garlic  butter salt. Drizzled  is how it was supposed  to  be  done but drenched  was how it arrived at the table. I love lobster but not when it tastes like a salt lick for deer. What a shame! I had two managers visit our table. The first one asked how everything was. I could've said yellow for all she cared. The second one wanted to know how the lobster was and I told her that it was very salty. I told her that the cook probably put too much garlic salt in the butter sauce. I then told her that most of the people that ordered this dish wouldn't notice. I stopped before telling her that my palate was a bit more refined. The waiter told me that the lobster tails were 7oz but they sure looked like 4oz ones to me. I guess we'll wait another two years before seeing if the food has improved.The Food was good.. However, they were very shady at the end. The check came, I looked at it and it was right. I gave them my card and the manager (not the waiter) brought me back the check having been authorized for a different amount (about $10 more). He claimed "things were missing" from the original check. I asked for the detail and he left.. the Waiter came back in 10 minutes looking for the signed check. I told him the manager was bringing me the details, he left... 10 minutes later after asking 2 more times I decided $10 wasn't worth it and I signed it and left.First off, a heads up. Though the business is listed here as Salsa's, it's now actually Cabo's. I stopped here spur of the moment for takeout lunch and ended up ordering the Chicken Taco Salad. It wasn't exactly what I was used to--the black beans and chicken were both hot. I prefer my taco salad cold because lettuce with really warm food is a little gross, so I ended up sticking it in the fridge to cool down before eating more. I'll give them credit for the serving size (and the chips made for a nice snack later on). However, I wasn't overly impressed with the service. I was charged for the dinnertime salad rather than the lunch one (keep in mind I came in at 1PM), but the guy at the counter wouldn't admit to it. What happened to the mantra, "The customer is always right?" I'm no Albert Einstein, but just eyeballing the receipt (and with the help of my handy calculator), it wasn't hard to figure out that I was.Ok, ok...time to cool off! All in all, I was only charged $1.00 extra, but it was a complete turnoff that the Cabo employee wasn't being honest and tried to make up a mysterious extra charge.This is now called Cabo's Mexican Grill. This is the 2nd time visiting and 2nd time being disappointed. The first time I went with a group of 3 other friends. The service was less than okay and food was mediocre, nothing really memorable.The 2nd time was a couple of weeks ago, name change but the bad service stayed.Went with a group of about 8 - 10 people on a Thursday night. Right of the top we realized that the waiter was less than eager to serve us. We ordered drinks and our food, food took longer than what we expected even with a big group. The server never filled up our water glasses and kept forgetting things we asked for. To make matters worse, the manager seemed to notice our struggles so he came over and asked what we needed, we told him and to our surprise he never came back with what we asked. Worst part, we were so ready to leave and couldn't, our checks where laying at a table next to us but we must have waited 30 minutes for our waiter to show up and pick them up. I am rating it 3 stars because the place was clean and the food here might have been okay but the terrible service didn't let us enjoy it.This place is alright.. It not what you would expect from Starbucks though.  They are usually much more spacious and helpful.. The staff here is snippy and not friendly.  Hey.. Free Wifi!!  Cant complain about that.. I am yelping from here right now.. But it makes me wanna go try Caribou Coffee.  Eh..-Ian M.Starbucks - meh.  I've definitely had better. I prefer local, unique coffee shops instead of the chains any day of the week. However, I recently drove from Raleigh to Charlotte and had to have *something* before meetings...I couldn't wait until I got back to my hotel for room service. So this worked in a pinch. Not something I'd regularly do.I gave two stars because you get what you get at most Subways, without the customer service, there was maybe one person there today that seemed to actually cared even a little about doing their job.

   Unbelievable to me how the Phoenix area is lacking in decent Mexican restaurants.  With such a large Hispanic population, I would think there would be a better selection.Well the waitress was really nice and was working hard.    But she had to do the place on her own.   Food came out cold.   :(I can't believe how long its been since a review has been written for this restaurant.  Not by me, but by others.Look, an authentic Chinese restaurant it's not.  Amazing food, it is not.  It is average chinese food intended for non-asians.  Period.  Clean place, polite and attentive servers.  We had egg drop soup; hot, with frozen veggies, broth lacked flavor.  $5.50 for lunch combo which included soup, vegetable fried rice, chicken chow mein, veggie egg roll and fried wontons.  Vegetable fried rice was nothing to write home about.  Chow mein was fine except maybe a tad too sweet.  Veggie roll was good.  All in all--what does anyone want for $5.50 when it includes all of these items.  If these people were super star chefs, it would be reflected in the price as is the case in many scottsdale chinese eateries.  We were in the area, we dropped by and fed our faces in an inexpensive,  clean,and friendly environment.  Nice people.This Goodwill is not great but not terrible.  Every so often they have these sale days when everything is 50% off.  Even then, though, a lot of items are more pricey than I'd expect--for example, $5 t-shirts and $18 for used jeans?  That's more than I'd hope to pay and seems to take some of the "thrift" out of the "thrift-shopping" experience.Nice clean store, however it is the MOST EXPENSIVE Goodwill in the Valley, and I've been to all of them.  It's not really worth making the trip from Phoenix.  Also they moved to the Southeast corner of E Palisades Blvd and N Fountain Hills Blvd.Great patio ambiance but most limp Caesar salad ever & drenched in dressing.  Wings okay but ordered as appetizer 10 minutes before entrees and all arrived at the same time.There are a handful of restaurants right on the park and this is one of them. We were attracted to the outdoor seating on a beautiful day. There is more seating outdoors than in and the inside feels more like a bar, with TVs playing sports. We came around 2:30pm and surprisingly had to wait for a table.

Someone ordered a cheese crisp looking thing when I was away for a bit. I came back & it looked pretty gross. I didn't even try it.

- Bloody Mary: I love this drink, but this was by far the worst, most repulsive variation I have ever tasted.  It was pulpy, thick, and disgusting.  It came with an elaborate garnish that contained absolutely nothing that I actually wanted to eat.  And it somehow inexplicably costs ten dollars.  Seriously?Just thinking of this drink is making me gag. The WTF?- it was about 90 degrees inside, so we ended up sitting outside in late October.- The waitress brought the food and drinks.  I asked for tobasco sauce to kill the nastiness of the bloody.  She told me to go inside to the self service bar.  Are you kidding me? Did I just not pay $45 friggin' dollars for breakfast? How about you grab the goddamn bottle of Tobasco sauce and bring it to me?Why does this location seem to attract total amateurs who don't have a clue about running a restaurant?  First T Sushi and now this bullshit.Like some of the other reviewers, we found that the negatives of the experience really outweighed the positives of the food quality. We went on Sunday morning, and by 10 it was already busy. After ordering at the counter, the only spots available to sit were  at the counter. And there we found the first problem. The seats at the counter are such poor quality that both of them had rungs that had fallen out and they both swayed unstably. But all of them were like that!We then thought it was a pain to have to navigate through the crowds to get water and coffee from the one table near the kitchen. It seemed odd - there were plenty of staff, but most of them seemed to have little to do, and were standing around a lot. Why not just make this table service? As we waited for our food, I noticed that over half of the people seated were also waiting for their food. The kitchen, despite being well staffed, was s-l-o-w. They were putting an order up about every 5 minutes, which is ridiculously slow for a packed place. It took just under 30 minutes from ordering to getting our food. The food was solid. My blueberry pancakes were perfectly cooked, albeit a little chewy. The biscuits and gravy were nice, with a good obviously homemade biscuit and flavorful gravy. (I would have used andouille sausage if I were making this dish, but they used regular. Just a suggestion). But my biggest complaint, by far, was that even though they said my pancakes came with maple syrup, it wasn't maple syrup! At least, not pure maple syrup. I could tell due to the wrong consistency and taste. Come on, people! In Wisconsin, if you claim to be serving Maple syrup, you have to serve maple syrup. There are so many other great options for breakfast in Madison that we won't be going back.Ordered the short stack of blueberry pancakes today.   We waited 15 minutes in line just to place our order, then we had another 20 minute wait to be seated at our table and another 15 minute wait to receive our food.   Yikes!   The short stack of blue berry pancakes was shockingly devoid of many blueberries!  I did, however, ask the wait staff for a few extra blueberries and they complied without question providing me with some fresh blueberries which I put on top of the short stack.   Enjoyed the postcards under the glass on our table, the ambience was OK - I like the idea of re-using license plates as table numbers - clever and interesting!We were excited to come to short stack because we had heard good things. We got coffees and a short stack, and though the coffee was great, we'll never know how the pancakes are since we waited over 40 minutes and our food never came. Many people who ordered after us received their meals, and we ended up leaving with empty stomachs. We went to marigold kitchen instead, and it was amazing. Not going to waste our time at short stack again, next time we'll just go right to marigold.I heard good things about this place so came here with high hopes. They failed to deliver. I had the Trio with greens, eggs and potatoes. We waited about 30 minutes for our order to come out and when it did it looked like The cook had cleaned out the frying pan for my potatoes. Tiny bits of char and a few regular size pieces. The line to order was out the door. It's going to be cold in here in the winter.I've been to SSE about 4 times now and every time I am underwhelmed. At this point, I don't know why I still bother. Anyway, the first time I went I tried the chocolate chip pancakes, a chocolate milkshake, and a side of the breakfast potatoes. Pancakes were so dry that no amount of maple syrup could recover them and the breakfast potatoes tasted about as seasoned as a white piece of printer paper. The milkshake was okay. Just vanilla ice cream with chocolate syrup.The second time I went was for the milkshake. Less chocolatey. The third time was the same: plain and bland and unbelievably overpriced for the size. Too much whipped cream!Now the fourth AND LAST time was the one that stood out the most. I ordered a vanilla milkshake and my boyfriend ordered a chocolate. Neither of us tipped on the bill considering it was Noodles & Co.-like service. The woman did not bring water to the table nor bring food to us nor act as a waitress. I was not expecting full-service so why would I tip her like one? She demonstrated great displeasure.The vanilla milkshake tasted like PLAIN MILK. The chocolate tasted like vanilla...and the woman behind the counter was very curt as she brought them to our table. This is not a full-service establishment. If your employees expect customers to tip like a full-service restaurant, you should probably raise their wages.Would rather take my money to the much more expensive Marigold Kitchen. At least I know their food is worth it.Pretty poor experience overall. You order at the bar and seat yourself. I ordered an ice coffee and eggs, bacon, and hash breakfast potatoes. We sat down and didn't even get our beverages brought to the table, so I walked up to the bar after 15 minutes and asked if my iced coffee would be brought to the table. The bartender looked at my like I was an impatient asshole and said it would, which it was a few minutes later. Got the food after 45 minutes of waiting. Very mediocre. The breakfast potatoes were completely undercooked and hard. Eggs and bacon were nothing special. Won't be back.Not sure what the hype is about this place. Food is mediocre and overpriced for the portion size.  There are so many staff members, but no one seems to be doing anything.  We ordered pancakes and sausage and waited close to 45 mins to receive the order.  As it was our first time there, we didn't understand that you had to get your own water, which is located in the back of the restaurant.  When we asked the waitress we got a snide answer.  Skip this place and spend your $15 at nearly any other Madison breakfast place.First off, the Bloody Mary was terrible, and not so sure how everyone seems to rave about them being so remarkable on here. From the very second it rolled over to our table I could tell it was going to be awful, having the color of a strawberry rhubarb pie.. It was EXTREMELY chunky.... So sorry, I prefer to drink my bloody mary's, not chew them.... When advising the waitress we were displeased with the drink, they had us go up to the counter to return at which point we were told we would have to pay for it.... Sorry but I'm not paying for something that tastes like S***....... End of that rant....Second issue.... For a table of 4 it was $85... That's right, for breakfast....... When ordering at a counter and then being told to go fetch my own ketchup when I asked the waitress once our food arrived, I feel this place can do a little more when charging this kind of dough for breakfast food, and having minimal service provided other than your drinks and food coming to you....Third issue... Dust all over the light fixtures and misc. mess on the floors. For me, if an establishment cannot keep the main area of the place clean, what's going on in the back.... Our table had a glass top, with a chip missing out of the corner, at which my guest received a small cut on her forearm. When advising the waitress about it, the only answer we received was "watch out for that corner from now on." NBD, but still, it's all about the service to me....The only reason I gave Two Stars is for the food. The breakfast sandwich and breakfast burrito were very good, while the potatoes had a bit too much of rosemary for my taste, they were still very good. To me, for the price, this place could do a little more for your, and work on its service a little. If you wear skinny jeans and take part in the protests at the capitol square, this place is probably right up your alley. As for me, i'll never be back in this place by choice. There are far too many other choices that don't run upwards of $100 for BREAKFAST, and where you actually get served by a waitress/waiter, rather than ordering at a counter...... End Rant... Cheers!I ordered the "blind special".  $10.99 if you ask what's in the special and $6.50 if you do not.  I was extremely disappointed.  The place serves breakfast food.  So I figured the special would be breakfast food.  Maybe some variation on an item actually on the menu.  Like maybe raspberry pancakes, strawberry French toast or shrimp or brisket and grits.  I was very wrong.  My "breakfast" today was a roast beef sandwich on a pretzel roll with a side salad and the roast beef looked and tasted store bought.  Make it breakfast at least with an over easy egg on top of the roast beef.  The only redeeming quality of the whole meal was the salad dressing.  Apparently salads (really a side of mixed greens with dressing) are common in Wisconsin with breakfast food.  I would try eating here again but I would order from the menu as many of the actual dishes look great.The food was pretty good (though a little pricey) - I recommend the french toast - but the overall experience left much to be desired. When you first arrive, you have to wait in line to order. Once you order, you get put on the list to be seated. The bar is part of the seating that you have to wait for, and there isn't really much room for waiting parties, so while you wait you have to awkwardly stand between tables where people are eating. Coffee is self serve so you have to continue to move out of both waiters' and guests' way. Of course you already paid for your food so you can't leave if you're sick of waiting. When you are finally seated, there are people standing all around your table, waiting to be seated themselves. We were told the food would be another half hour. At least we didn't have to wait on anyone to refill our coffee I guess. Food was good but I'm not sure if it's worth all that. If we could have just walked around State Street while waiting for our table, that would have been much better.Came here on a late Friday night since there weren't many places open. There was a good amount of people but not busy because of the time. My SO and I sat at the bar area and since it was our first time here, we didn't know that you ordered at the register. It was kind of awkward because there were 3 people behind the counter talking or wiping down their work area, and we had no clue why they weren't acknowledging us. We were looking around to figure out what was going on, and I wish the staff had been more attentive only because we looked absolutely lost for the first 5 minutes. No one attempted to talk to us despite being right in front of them and they were glancing at us the entire time we were trying to figure out how to order. Once we did get our order in, it took a while for our food to come out. We also didn't know that water and was self serve and only figured it out once we saw other people going back and forth from the drinks table.  All in all, good food, but the staff could stand to be a bit more attentive in informing newbies like us. Not everyone is a regular or can pick up on what to do because there was no line of people in front of us to take cues from.The food was mediocre,  the staff was kind of rude and the ordering and seating system is asinine.   It's also pretty lame that you have to get your own water and condiments.   Beers are all in bottles and cans and are priced really high.  $8 for a Founders Breakfast Stout.  Ouch.We've been to Short Stack previously and really enjoyed it. That's why when our friend was in town and wanted to go out for breakfast, we took her to Short Stack. It was a Friday morning @9:00. They place is quirky and fun. The tables are glass w/old post-cards and envelopes under the glass. Mason jars and whisks have been refurbished into lamps and chandeliers. Great atmosphere.We ordered at the counter and then took a seat in the window. Although busy, it was not particularly crowded and our food arrived within a reasonable time-frame. Everything looked amazing. My dining companions ordered the breakfast sandwich and a skillet and really enjoyed them. My food however was not so good. I ordered the Cajun biscuits and gravy and poached eggs. The Cajun gravy was quite tasty but the biscuit was bone-dry and rock-hard. Even using a knife it was tough sawing through the biscuit. Worse, was the poached eggs. Although very pretty, served snow white in a sundae glass, they were hard-boiled inside. I'm not talking slightly overcooked, these were hard-boiled eggs inside. Completely solid. I know poached eggs can be tricky to cook, but this was ridiculous.So, a couple of dishes were off, not the end of the world. But the service was also really disappointing. Literally we were completely done eating and nearly ready to leave before anyone came back to our table to ask how it was. I think the only reason she came back was to clear the dishes. I mentioned the eggs and she said she'd mention it to the cooks. Since she could actually see the hard-boiled yolks left in the dish, I thought she should offer to provide new ones. She didn't and I wouldn't have taken her up on it anyway since we were already done eating, but again I felt like it would have been appropriate for her to offer. She also finally asked if I wanted a refill on my ice-tea which I did since it had been almost empty when the food first arrived. Just checking on us 20 minutes earlier would have been better.We have had good food and service there previously. My companions enjoyed their food today, but this was a very disappointing experience for me.My nights have led me to this place a few times. The door guy is completely obnoxious and they try to act like a fancy cocktail bar with ridiculous"dress code" rules that make me feel more like a high schooler and  less like a 33 year old adult. I was really let down by their cocktails, the menu doesn't have descriptions, just names, and they don't have the ingredients to make the most basic of cocktails. I was excited when this place opened because the Southside needs more cocktail bars and restaurants although its kind of a let down. Hopefully with time they can figure things out and improve upon their services.Not gonna lie, I had high hopes for this place and maybe I just came at a bad time...but the service was absolutely horrible. It took an hour to get our food and another 20 minutes after we finished it to get our check. Luckily, I had a few adult beverages and was out celebrating finding my wedding dress that day so I was in a good mood, because otherwise I would probably have bitched up a storm. Either way, I won't be coming back.I have been to this eye care office for over 10 years... but the experience is always the same... A REALLY REALLY long wait. I swear that my whole appointment here takes 2 1/2 to 3 hours!   And I dont know about all of you... but it doesnt take that long for my eyes to dialate when then put those drops in them. And as great as it is to leave work early to go to a doctor appt... this is def not one of those places I want to go. I cant even read, or play on my phone when I am here (because my eyes are dialated!) Good thing I have to only go here once a year. And the only reason I kept on going here is because it was close to where I lived and/or it was close to my place of work. Now that neither applies... I will be looking for a new optometrist.I have been here once for an eye injury. They treated me well, I felt comfortable and my eye healed perfectly. I decided to go for a Lasik consult assuming it would be the same level of care. Not so much.I'm not confident that my request for Lasik was top priority. I was seen by 4 different people, in 4 different waiting areas, only one shook my hand & gave me her name. I don't even know the name of the doctor that did my consult, and while he was very friendly, he only spent a couple minutes with me. Booking agent for Lasik is not friendly. She told me how much it cost for 2 eyes, when I only had requested Lasik in one. She then told me she would have to call to find out when I could be put on the schedule, but their scheduler is hard to reach, so she would get back to me. I asked for a quote in writing. She literally took a business card and wrote "Both eyes for $3600" on the back. I received a call from her 4 business days later with one date of when I could have the procedure. By this time, I had already seen another doctor & scheduled Lasik, and I am MUCH more comfortable there. I was in one room and saw one assistant and one doctor. I will spend a little more money here, but worth it for my comfort and knowing that this doctor and his staff have my best interest at heart.Won't return to these offices.I've had Beijing twice now... The first time it wasn't excellent, but it was just right for takeout Chinese. The second time? Maybe not so much.Delivery after ordering off of GrubHub was prompt and on time, and the sweet and sour chicken was not bad at all, neither was the egg roll. However , the hot and sour soup was disturbing, slimy, and cold, and the 3 fried cracker things had a hair in them, a nice long one. The fried rice and lo mein were boring. I'm mostly wishing right now I could take back my order. Will not be going back.Tried the egg drop soup, beef skewers, Mongolian beef and the house low mein. Everything was just ok. They were quick to get the food together and the people I dealt with were nice the food just didn't do anything for me. I ended up tasting a couple bites of everything, then put it all back into the bag to stuff in the fridge. Maybe someone else will eat it.We ordered pretty late and it was more than we wanted to pay for 2 entrees but we decided since nothing else was open we would go for it. Took almost an hour and a half to get some bland ass chicken and rubbery beef. The container was mostly filled with rice and a tiny bit of meat anyways. Never again, even in the day time.Ordered and estimated delivery time was 60 minutes (which is crazy to begin with). Missed that time interval for delivery. Was trying to give them a chance, but never again. Egg Roll was great. Fried Rice was soggy/greasy and lacked flavor. The Beef Lo Mein lacked flavor. If you're near West Mesa, go with Tsing Tao, hands-down the best in this part of the valley. If you're in the PV area, go with Golden Wok. That place has been stellar for decades.We ordered Wonton Soup, Crab Angels, Chicken Fried rice, Fried dumplings, and Chicken Lo Mein. When the food got to us it was super hot which was nice but we were missing the Chicken Lo Mein. That being said the food didn't blow us away it was good just not AMAZING. Food was also rather expensive, especially to be missing a whole dish. Probably going somewhere else next timeI accidentally gave them my work address instead of my home address. (One mile difference in location.) I felt ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE. I had intentions of apologizing and providing a $10 tip. I hadn't tipped on my card in advance, planned on using cash or adjusting when we signed the receipt.. (I never do tip in advance, after once tipping $7 for a pizza that was a 45 min late.) Again, this was a complete accident and I felt horrible for my mistake. But when the driver showed up he was so angry, he shoved the food at my boyfriend, and walked away while he was trying to apologize. The food was great. But I'll never order from here again. Which I'm sure is fine with them. They don't seem to want my business because of an honest mistake. My freaking bad!! I tried to make it right and they didn't give a shit.I can understand that this was frustrating. But you shouldn't be rude to paying customers. Even if they screwed up. You have no idea how bad I felt, or what my intentions were.I trusted good reviews but I was not impressed :( we were looking forward to yummy food.Should have figured no from the start of the delivery boy not bringing change- thankfully between my hubby and I we had enough and little more for the tip but it decreased his tip amount (but I wasn't about to tip $12 on a $28 order).

Wings were good but I was hoping for a dozen and not 10, and they needed to be crispier.

We spent about $150 for the night which was way too much, $80 is more in the price range.The positive things about this place would definitely be the beds they were very comfortable. But they put throw pillows on the perfectly clean bed which is really nasty they look like they have never been cleaned and the first thing I do is knock them on the floor like everybody else.

Food was OK at best and service was less than par. Not much variety in food choices either

Fireball wings:  are not lollypoped anymore, and blue cheese is not crumbled on top anymore, sauce also tasted different

Crazy Lady: (Turns around, exasperated, to line of people who aren't too pleased with her) Does anyone have a dollar?

(10 mins for the server to come over) ($17) for 2 glasses of juice, ($7.00) for 3 hard sliders & ($7) for micro waved wings but the view on the 107 floor overlooking Vegas night life.... PRICELESSSunnyI can't decide between a two or a three rating. Happy hour is certainly the better deal, as appetizers are half off and drinks are two for one. The waitresses are incredibly sour and of course, disappear 15 minutes before happy hour ends. The appetizers are hit and miss. The hummus is worth getting, though you seem to get more hummus than you have bread (cracker) for. The calamari is "eh." Pork belly sandwich very very "eh." Chicken wings would be better had there been consistency between the wing sizes (some so tiny, literally a child-sized bite).Cool view though.In the end, a two-star rating because I imagine a lot of tourists come here and they ought to get better service to give our city a good name when it comes to hospitality.Unfortunately the stratosphere seems to just be lacking in all aspects. We were super excited to be able to go to the top of it this trip without having to dish out big bucks at the restaurant. 107 lounge did just that especially during happy hour but wow we were so disappointment by the food and drinks. Things just tasted so mediocre and the drinks were truly horrible! The 2 stars are solely for the view! It's so far off from the strip I'd say to give this one a pass. It's just not worth it, not even for the view.Went during happy hour and service was horrible!

Pour le repas ce fut service rapide et la salade csar sur la table d' hte tait excellente avec le poulet grill sur le grill. Par contre la crme de champignons tait paisse et fade comme si il y avait trop de farine. Que fut le moment de l' addition, aucune trace de mon serveur. Ce fut encore long et pour cette raison je ne recommande pas cet endroit pour le lunch si vous voulez manger et etre servi rapidement.I only gave this place 2 stars just because we love their cupcakes. The customer service was completely lacking. The gentleman (who wasn't really a gentleman) never gave me a greeting. He was hunched over the counter on his phone and I had to get his attention, once I did he just looked at me. No oh hey sorry about that, not a hi, nothing just a blank stare all while holding his phone. When I asked for a birthday candle he rolled his eyes and then on top of that he had the nerve to push the tip jar in my direction because he felt he deserved a tip. Yeah right buddy.  Unfortunately this was the closest location to my home so I had to come to this one if I didn't want to go 30 mins out of my way. Next time I'll make sure to take that extra trip.There aren't many choices for a good breakfast around Anthem and the opening of this Egg Works location wont change that.  This EW is new so it doesn't have the old feel of the Sunset location but the food is average at best.  The service reminds me of a factory and the server was about as enthused as a factory worker.  When you factor in the price of various menu items; I don't  foresee returning any time soon.  I am happy to continue on down Eastern Ave. to Sunrise Cafe.Went here for the first time today.

-Restaurants are not great, you're better off going off-property.Something which might be misleading to someone unfamiliar with the Scottsdale area is that Scottsdale is very large (area-wise), and this resort is on the very northern edge of the city. To get to downtown Scottsdale (or any other Phoenix area attraction) is at least a 40 minute drive. Which might explain why when my wife asked the concierge for a breakfast recommendation his only response was Proof, she asked if there was anything else and he said room service (from Proof). However, we found several nice restaurants about 15-20 minutes away.Which brings me to the resort restaurants, our first night we went to Proof for dinner. The restaurant was three quarters empty, but that didn't help the service any. It took 30 minutes for an appetizer to come out and another 15-20 minutes for the entrees. A few days later we gave Proof another chance for breakfast. Fortunately, we were the first ones there because we got there at 7am, so the service was better. Both times the food was fine. We went a third time just to get some ice cream to-go. Despite it being the middle of the afternoon with no one except some cardplaying old ladies in the restaurant it took fifteen minutes just to get the chef to come out to scoop the ice cream (apparently the waiter/hostess doesn't know how).We also went to a dinner at the fancier Talavera. For some reason we had two waiters (one to "back up" the other), which meant that we had our drink and dessert orders taken twice. Despite taking it twice they still brought me the wrong beer. They also got my wife's order wrong, she wanted the snap pea risotto, she got the snap pea soup... they did make it right and she really enjoyed her food. My steak was so-so.As for the other things to do... there's not much. The nearby Pinnacle Peak Park is very nice and is the only thing in walking distance. But the trail that the resort boasts leads right to the park is nothing more than a drainage ditch which was muddy when we walked through it. One night there was an event with someone with a telescope out to view stars/planets which was nice. As for the rest, we had to make the long drive to Phoenix/Scottsdale downtown to find something to do.As a special treat for the babymoon we went to the spa for a couples' massage. This was my first time at a spa for a massage, I thought it was pretty good. My wife, who goes to spas much more often, was not impressed. She had a bit of a tension headache and the masseuse offered a special treatment for that, but about 30 minutes after we left the spa her headache was worse than before.The room was nice and spacious, though a bit of a walk from the lobby.  The mini-fridge is packed full of crap they want to sell you, so there's no room to put a bottle of water to chill... but who wants cold water in the desert anyway?Very slow service & expect to feel like an outsider at this location. I went in & was skipped over in line as they began "regulars" orders ahead of mine. I spent over $40 on beverages & food and not so much as a thank you. Meanwhile they are talking up a storm with the regular clientele. Drinks finally ready & they are out of trays. When I placed an order for 5 beverages, how did you think I would get them to the car? No offer of assistance, the employee just acted like she couldn't see me. I'll be frequenting a different Starbucks.We come in here every now and then when at the summit shopping. The guys that work here are all nice especially Matthew, the girls however have attitudes Ginger will not acknowledge you unless you're a regular and will skip over you to make someone else's drink, not sure what her problem is, never a good morning or anything. Everyone much more friendly at carefree highway store!!I will start off by saying that I love Target - I hate THIS Target. The staff here is so unfriendly, things are way overpriced and the patrons are pushing their carts around like they are in a shopping race -- slow it down folks! I (never thought I'd say this in my life) but I really prefer to go to the Walmart across the way. It's clean, clerks are friendly, prices are competitive and the vibe is more positive. I will be avoiding this Target like the plague....sad sad day.Food was fine. Service was terrible. We could see our food put up, but the counter help just continued to take orders while our food got cold. We finally had to say something in order to get our food. Hope management takes a look at how they do their service.I honestly don't understand why this place gets such good reviews.  OK, it has some kitschy charm to it, but the food is far from fantastic for what you pay for it.I ordered the filet mignon, medium-rare and it came out essentially burnt.  My wife ordered the salmon, which was so over-cooked that it was actually starting to dry out.  I hadn't realized before that you could dry out such an oily fish.  To top it off, my baked potato was far from being finished baking.Long-story short, if you want to see some "interesting" decorations, knock yourself out, but don't go there expecting to have a memorable meal.Two words "Tourist Trap". If you've ever been to old Tuscon, Walls Drug or the Big Texan then you have experienced this kind of place.  I guest if you are in town you have to do it once. The food was not good. My party had steaks and they were overpriced and not that good. We all had stomach aches afterwards.  I was initially kind of suprised when the waiter told us they had there own micro-brewery. My enthusiasm waned when I asked what styles of beers they brewed. He said "We have a brown one, amber one, black one and Hefeweizen". Can you believe that? Oh yeah don't wear tie they have decorated the ceiling with ties they have cut off of people.My Wife's family invited us out to dinner here a few weeks ago, the exterior looks like an old frontier town and inside there's a gift shop and the entire restaurant has ties hanging from the ceiling with business cards on the walls, apparently, if you wear a tie here they cut it off and hang it from the ceiling. Needless to say the amount of people wearing t-shirts with windsor knotted ties was astounding, the attraction definitely seems to be in the novelty, They also had a country crooner type singer that was way too loud and got annoying quickly.  The food was OK at best, I ordered a steak and chicken combo, with a baked potato, the chicken was a 1/4 chicken so if you're squeemish about bones, avoid this.  The Steak was somewhat devoid of flavor so I ended up dishonoring it with A1.  They also serve cowboy beans family style to the table, They are also surprise, surprise "Devoid of flavor".the table ended up splitting some apple pie/ice cream desserts, which were actually pretty good.if you're looking for an "Authentic cowboy" meal, well this might be the place, just don't be surprised when you find out what authentic tastes like.Dinner here on a Thursday night.  I was first put off by the weird odor in the front of the restaurant.  Kind of a cleaning solution meets funk situation.  There's also a strange "gift shop" that looks more like a flea market.The amber beer was decent, the burger was well done and below-average.  +1 for the live music too. If I came back, it would be to sit on the patio and have happy hour.  I think the burgers up the road at either Greasewood Flats or Reata pass are tastier.Overall: I was underwhelmed by my visit.  We went on a week night and ate indoors.  We were expecting a fun, kitschy, dining experience (we were on vacation), but found ourselves eating in a dark, dank, musty room filled with ties; we found it dull and uncomfortable.  If you want a P.P. 'experience" I would suggest eating outside (to avoid the funky smell inside, if nothing else) on a nice evening; they had live music.  Food: I am a vegetarian in a family of non-veggies, so I can't provide a first-hand evaluation of the food. My family seemed to enjoy their steak and chicken salad, but the "extras" (1/3-of-a-corn-on-the cob and baked beans) left a lot to be desired.  One thing I was a bit surprised by was that I have been to several steakhouses before, but each seemed to have one thing on the menu for non-meat eaters like a veggie burger or a pasta dish that could be made w/out meat.  P.P.P. did not have anything at all except for a baked potato and the child's mac'n'cheese.  Oh well.If you are with a large group of say 50 you might like this place!  Very casual seating on benches at picnic tables.  Friendly people but food is only fair at best.  Steak was tasteless and appetizers were straight out of the freezer section of the grocery.  If you are looking to eat a half a cow you could order the 32 ounce hunk of beef but if you want taste go elsewhere!Friends and i thought.. let's go somewhere different and try a place we haven't been in years. We broke down and went to the patio. It's expanded some with outdoor seating (thank goodness the weather has cooled) but other than that.. a place we could have done without.The drinks? ok. The appetizer? Let me tell you. there were three of us so we got the combo (2 of the above thing) $5.75 for three onion rings and 3 stuffed jalapenos that can you get for $5 a bag. Absurd. $1 a piece for an onion ring? Give me a BBQ break.The salad? a small bowl. The steak? about 1/3 "  thick (almost more like a flat iron steak) and the beans... moderately warm. The 1/4 chicken (thigh and small wing) was at least cooked ok. But it must have been a small chicken.For the money? A waste. It is probably a great place for tourists but for locals looking for good food, reasonable pricing and value? Skip it and make your way to the Frog on Bell or some other place selling BBQ and decent food.I try not to be overly critical knowing a place has to turn a profit but what you get for your money is still important. I judge a place by asking my self a question when i leave - "would i come back again and why?" The answer here... Not for a long long time. A LOOOONG time.This restaurant was pretty average. The steak, a little worse than average. It kind of made me feel like I was a ranch hand, because they didn't have real tables or seats. Just picnic tables.Great atmosphere but O-VER-PRICED!  $3 for corn on the cob?  Is there gold in the beef?  I could make a meal just as good at home on my grill for 1/4 the cost.  We had to ask for refills twice before the waitress finally brought us a pitcher of soda.  There were maybe 12 people sitting outside on a Wednesday night.  Not worth the $95 bucks I paid for 3 steaks, a family style bowl of beans and some spare bread.  And the singer they had sucked too.Pretty awful. Service was fine but the food was terrible. There were 15 of us and 7 people had to send their steaks back, most a number of times. Some were pretty much uncooked . . just charred on the outside. Very poor sign for a steakhouse!! The manager knew the problems our group was having but made no attempt to come and talk to us. Won't be revisiting during any future trips to the Scottsdale area.Came to Scottsdale on business and was told this place was good for dinner.  I ordered the ribeye steak (25.00)  my friend the half chicken dinner (16.95) my GF ordered a so called loaded baked potatoe and a house salad (8.25). And a Zuke -mushroom appetizer (6.95) plus three soft drinks...... Ok, let's rate the food.... The appetizer was cooked in old oil which you could taste.The steak was short of 12 ounces but. tasty, I was told the chicken was good as well, the loaded baked potatoe was not loaded and was pretty sad. We were served some bread with butter( cold hard butter that you could not spread on the bread - not the first place that had done this) a small bowl of beans to share and our salads(only two kinds of salad dressing offered ????) every table has hard benches which were hard on the butt. The whole dinner came to $70 bucks which was about $35 bucks more than it was worth. Not a good value !!!!  The most entertaining thing about this place was the waitress with the corny western wear uniform.We hit Pinnacle Peak Patio this afternoon for a late lunch/early dinner.  I have enjoyed going here for many more years than I would like to admit...We usually go about 3-4 times a year, it takes me back to my youth and an Arizona that has for the most part disappeared.We all decided to have burgers.  Let me say that the burgers were all very good and cooked to order (medium rare).  The buns were nicely toasted, and came w/ the usual garnish on the plate (lettuce, tomato, pickle, and onion).  I'd give the burger alone 4 stars.  Hint to kitchen, if you're going to serve lettuce as a garnish for the burgers, how about serving a leaf of it instead of a big chunk from a salad???The burgers only come w/ beans.  Potato, salad, and corn are all extra.  Considering that the burgers start at $8.95 and the next cheapest complete meal I saw was $15.95 (pork chops).  If you add a baked potato and salad, you're right in the range of the complete meal (which also comes w/ really good bread).  I believe the salad was $3.50 and the baked potato $3.00 (I may have this backwards, and if I do, I apologize).  For this money, both the salad and the potato could be a little bigger, and the salad could have been a little fresher and come w/ a few extra veggies in the bowl.  The cowboy beans???  I like them and ended up eating the whole bowl (not very big).When the bill came it was $44.00 (2 adult, 1 child, no alcohol, shared appetizer).  Not huge; but when you start to think about the meal as a whole, not that great of a meal for the $$ spent.  Will we be back?  Yes.  The service was good; and unfortunately, most of the old time cowboy steakhouses are long gone; so options are limited to this type of dining.  Maybe we just need to keep our visits to later on Saturday nights when the live music is going. I wish Yelp would let you give 1/2 stars in the rating, because I feel that 2.5 stars would be more appropriate.Steak was good service was not good, and very slow. Beautiful scenery but overall over all over priced,,, would not recommend.What a huge disappointment this restaurant is. A restaurant that should be filled with good times and excellent food. The service was terrible. They were understaffed, at least if you consider that we had a party of about 20 with one (seemingly) inexperienced server was provided no help. It took our food about an hour and 15 minutes to come out after we sat down though we had kids and were ready and hoping to order from the moment we sat down. The food was decent. Perhaps the equivalent of Applebee's at prices that were about double that.

*  the desserts

+   Size: it's big. Like Godzilla (1998).+/- Similar to Godzilla, one comes with a ton of expectations. I feel like this must be an automatic five. You know ... how people felt before they actually watched Godzilla in the Clinton years.-    Godzilla sucked, and so does CES. Curved TVs. Most garbage food on Earth gets trucked in by SYSCO. ------------------------------------------------------------The first time I attended: I was not impressed. If I sound like a "hater," I don't really care. No one at CES pays my bills and I fucking hate Apple*.*They're not there anymore though, correct? I'm dating myself. The second time I attended ... I haven't done that because my time is more valuable than spending (wasting) time looking at countless curved televisions. Cool ... you put curves on televisions. Who gives a fuck!Clearly, I am not nerdy or consumerist to be excited by televisions (focus of first year I went) or  ___________  (blank space for you to insert whatever useless nonsense hypebeasts are going crazy over currently). I don't give a shit if your stupid television is curved. I don't even watch TV!Pro Tip: There are tons of curved TVs here. This is the place to be for curved TVs. The #1 spot for curved TVs. Want a curved TV? Head here.------------------------------------------------------------Personally, I don't care to get trampled over an ugly stuffed animal-creature of some sort that every Asian in this postal code is apparently willing to Bjrk your ass to attain. For those of you who don't know: Bjrk has insanely devout fanatics who will crush you against a barrier to be a metre closer to their goddess, Bjrk. Thus, the verb: Bjrk your ass. I digress.Pro Tip: No stuffed animal-creature-character is worth being trampled -- whether to death or otherwise -- over. Fuck this shit. (Honestly, I don't even like the UFC Expo [now the Reebok Expo]. I think conventions are superfluous in nature.*)*Except maybe, perhaps Comic-Con.------------------------------------------------------------Rating: Two-stars, "Meh. I've experienced better." (I don't drink Flavor Aid.)I appreciate their simple decor and their family-owned atmosphere, but the food is just okay. Pad see ew was way too sweet and overcooked to the point that the noodles kind of crumbled when you ate it, but the pad thai wasn't too bad. Sometimes I got some hard noodles. While the service was pretty good, I don't think we'll be back. Not when there are way better Thai places in Vegas (Lotus of Siam).I have to say I was disappointed.  I was hoping for some fresh, tasty homemade pasta and instead found a menu full of heavy meals (lots of meatballs, lobster and steak).  And it was much more than I was expecting to spend - all together $50+ for a glass of wine, a salad, and pasta.  I should have known when I pulled up to the place, which looked like a closed-up men's club.  I think I was one of the few women in the place and certainly the youngest person in the room.  Most tables seemed full of older couples and older men doing power dinners.  I think I confused the wait staff, walking in by myself (I was in Phoenix on a business trip and craving pasta).I scanned the menu, hoping for something light and fresh...which was a no go.  I ended up ordering a special, black linguine with seafood.  The linguine itself (and the sauce) was actually pretty tasty.  However the amount of seafood was overwhelming and I had to dig out the pasta.The salad was okay - a Caesar served in a parmesan shell, which was a nice touch.Overall,  I would give Tomaso's 2.5 stars.  The service was great (although my waiter seemed unsure what to do with a single woman at his table) but the food was only so-so for the amount of money I spent.  Like I said, disappointing.This review has to do with a group function, specifically a holiday party for my company. I have personally planned holiday parties for the past 16 years. I have never been in a situation where my wishes for two drink coupons per guest was not honored. My company has been willing to purchase two alcoholic beverages per person and any other drinks ordered are from a cash bar purchased by the guest. This restaurant had bottles of wine free flowing without a drink coupon. They actually took over how the alcoholic beverages were dispersed. One waiter even told a staff member, "don't worry about it, your company is paying ". Unfortunately, it was a family member not someone that felt like that was a positive thing.  Very poor management of my contract and wishes for 40 people.My fiancee and I ate here last night. We're testing out places for a rehearsal dinner. The parking lot is a bit confusing during dinner since the valet cones off the lot. If you enter from the Camelback side you might have to squeeze through a sign and a cement column to get to valet. The interior of the restaurant is ok, seems a bit dated but not too bad. Our experience seemed to be a bit rushed. It felt like as soon as our plates were cleared then next course was on the table. The bread and I assume pesto butter was delightful. The service was OK  but the waiter seemed to rush us and did not really explain any of the menu or tell us the daily vegetable. We had lobster bisque was decent, not the best I've ever had. The dish was so hot that it burned my tongue. For our main dishes, we had the mixed grill and the ribbon pasta with mushroom and truffle. The mixed grill comes with a link of in house made sausage, lamb chops, and a filet. The portions were decent. The waiter neglected to ask me how I would like my filet when I ordered, so it came out well done and the taste of the beef not pleasurable. The best thing by far of the night was the lamb chop. It was seasoned well and cooked to perfection. The sausage link was so-so. My fiancee's dish was interesting. The mushroom-truffle part was tasty, but the ribbon pasta tasted like something from Hamburger Helper. I know they make it in house, but the pasta was not what I was expecting. For dessert, we tried the pistachio cheese cake and caramel chocolate cake. The dishes were respectable but nothing to elevate it from the crowd.Sadly, I did not find this place to be as tasty as I hoped or for the prices either.  However, I thought it was going to be uber good because of menu choices and descriptions...and the prices.  But prices lie sometimes...or a lot!  Oh and perhaps because their pesto butter that they give with their bread basket was yuuuuuuuuuumy!  We went for a friend's birthday dinner and so we shared the fried mozarella balls with anchovy sauce and capers.  Now that was tasty!  I got the filet mignon ravioli with veal demi sauce, aromatic vegetables, truffle, and parmaggiano.  Sigh.  The raviolis were good, but I was expecting parmaggiano melted on top and more of a taste variety.  The first few bites were tasty, but I quickly became bored with it.  I did nosh on my friend's seafood ravioli (which were pretty good since it had a cream sauce) and a bit of another friend's veal.  I've had mouth-watering melt-in-your-mouth veal in Sorrento, Italy...so that is what I was hoping for and expecting.  Not so much. See my attached photo...there certainly isn't much to it, very 2-dimensional.  This one was a definitely let down for sure.  And for the pricetag, I'm not happy to not have enjoyed it more.  There seems to be a very old crowd here as well.  Our server was very friendly and helpful as well.  I was afraid not to finish off my last ravioli though, even though I was full, because he would give us a hard time if we didn't finish things on our plate.  Gotta love Europeans!  I remember that happening often when I traveled all over Europe awhile back.  LOLPoor service, the waiter made me feel like I was stupid every time he came to the table. Food was honestly not my favorite. We tried salad, soup, 2 entrees, and 2 deserts and nothing was worth the high price we paid. There are better places in Phoenix for Italian food.We tried Tomaso's for the first time on our Anniversary. Disappointing. For the cost, I expected it to be over the top! The service was great, but the food was nothing to write home about. Won't be going back.Besides being over-priced, the food wasn't good.  Meal was lukewarm and lacked taste.  Service was good, hence the 2 stars instead of 1.  We won't be back.The last time I was at Tomaso's was 19 years ago for high school prom.  I've been excited to go for the last year and I was super disappointed. I ordered the King Salmon and it was fishy and overdone. The waiter was snobby when I tried to order a Moscow mule and they didn't have ginger beer.  I also felt pressured to order appetizers and desert when I wasn't hungry enough to want those. Go to North if you're looking for great Italian good and great service.2.5, just not enough to give it three. Food was just OK and they ran out of ahi tuna by 9pm! They have happy hour all night (pretty good specials too) but they close SO early (10pm last call on Sunday)!I really give it 2.5 stars. We went here my sisters b-day. I was extremely under impressed. We got alot of stuff and it was either so so or real bad. Calamari= the grossest shit Ive ever had. It was like the consistency of a cold stiff mozzarella cheese stick and it had that shape too. it wasn't cut into ring it was big thick sticks. The batter was like microwaved seeming because it had 100% no crisp, or flavor. I would be shocked if it wasn't prebattered and frozen. GrossTuna tar tar= it was just minced raw tuna but they didn't add any like flavored oil or citrus on it. It was just completely unseasoned. The fish had no flavor which is good but it was very plain. Seared tuna= the sauce was good the noodles I likes, tuna was ok. This dish alone I would give 3.5

- Grape leaves: Inedible.  Tasted like tobacco!

3.  You get what you pay forI love Fremont Street, but I don't really care to stay here again.  I've always stayed on the strip and decided I wanted to spend a weekend at Fremont instead of having to drive/bus/taxi back and forth from the strip.We were stuck in the South Tower that had one functioning elevator.  When we inquired about it, we were told the second one had been out of operation for 4 months and they didn't know when someone would get around to fixing it.  We were on one of the lower floors and every time we tried to leave, the elevator would be completely packed so we would be stuck waiting for the next one.  On Average it took 30 - 40 mins of waiting before we could get onto the elevator!The rooms here are cheap and you get what you pay for.The gambling here is the best on Fremont.  Low minimum bets make it really fun in my opinion.Definitely try the lobster tank skill crane.  It is $2 and you can try to catch a live lobster.  Highlight of my trip hands down.  If you are coming off of Fremont, walk past the cages and keep going.  It's across from Tinoco's Kitchen.One of the worst hotels I've stayed in, but I guess I should've expected that for 49 bucks a night for two people and 2 double beds. You get what you pay for so that's why I'm giving it two stars instead of one. Quite possibly the thinest and most uncomfortable mattress I've ever slept on. Other than that it's loud, old, and dated. On the brighter side the sheets and towels were clean and it's conveniently located on Fremont Street! If you're basically looking for a place to stash your things, park your car, and need a "base camp" while partying and gambling everywhere else in town this one's for you!Stayed here June 23-28. Not going to complain about the cheap price, but as everybody should know by now, "you get what you pay for". And since this is downtown LV, not on the strip, don't expect much either.The lobby and casino floor doesn't seem too bad, but not so much the elevators...to get to my room I would need to use the South Tower Elevator. It takes a REALLY long time...can't stress that enough. BUT I have been tipped off by an employee here that I could use their Service Elevator which is a bit quicker. But I've heard that to fix the elevators it would cost some million dollars... Then I entered my room...wasn't impressed especially because the chairs, blankets, table, even TV were very outdated. Don't know if its because they want to keep the feel of the old Vegas or they don't care to modernize just a little bit (at least the blankets).And Tinoco's Kitchen is decent...eat here if youre too lazy to go on the strip.So the worst thing about this place, was that it seemed like a horrible fire disaster waiting to happen.  The part of the casino we stayed in had only one of the two elevators working- and working veeeery slowly.  Unfortunately the stairs were dry walled off, between the first and second floors, making using the stairs impossible.  Is this dangerous? Yeah, i think so.  I actually asked a maintenance man how to take the stairs from the second floor to the first, and he described a path out the back, downstairs, across a catwalk, around the building, or some such craziness. it seemed harder than frodos quest in lord of the rings.  So anyway, Lots of trashy surface area in the guest areas- peeling trim- Scars on the walls in some places, left from 3 generations of lighting fixtures.  I thought that was funny.  My view looked to a courtyard in the hotel full of trash, bird poop, and old machinery and ducts- scary.

Didn't seem like anyone else did either.

We love the carpet itself but the install was not great.

It's highly likely I'll be back here, begrudgingly.Today super slow return and exchange service. Since everything else is self serve maybe they should consider doing self service returns.Lines are so ridiculous right now. Love their stuff but I'm  finding they are just in it for themselves. Can care less about their customer. I even asked for help loading some shelves last time and after he loaded one in he pointed to the table top I needed and said it wasn't that heavy and walked off. It was like 30" x 60"! Jerk.I am not a fan.  Instead of being able to go where you want you have to walk past everything they have.  There are a couple of short cuts, but they aren't always obvious.  And most of what they have is really pretty cheap stuff (cheap in how they made it, not necessarily price).  They do have some interesting ideas (like how to have a complete apartment in something like 150 sq ft).  I would take their stuff over anything at Walmart, but how it's made and how it looks is just cheap.  I really don't like the look of most of their stuff.We bought a basic table (similar to a side table).  It's nothing fancy, but it will serve the purpose (we're going to cover it and put a mini fridge on it so we don't have to bend over to get into it).  Probably could have gotten a cheaper one at Walmart, but those are particle-board crap.  This one appears to have been solid pine.Anyway, there are a lot better furniture and household stores out there.  In my opinion this place is more hype and fad than anything else.Why is it that this place is larger than some third world countries and has employees everywhere but the cashier lines and customer service lines have like 2 people working in them and the wait is always at least 10 mins in either lines. Also as for employee friendliness, the folks in the sales floor are generally nice but the cashiers all seem to have a chip on their shoulders.  NEWS FLASH!  If you hate your job, go get some training and go do something you like.Food leaves more to be desired. I stuck with the coffee.Let me start out by saying I have purchased at least a dozen if not more items over the years from this IKEA store. Product wise, they last and are priced right. I love the Swedish meatballs. That being said, my last visit was so very disappointing. My husband and drove over 1 hour to get the store this past weekend to purchase a bedroom set for our home. We took our time looking through the whole store. (How can you not) We found the bed we liked and spent a lot of time at the mattresses. The sales person was friendly and helpful. We asked if they had the mattress we liked in stock and without checking the computer he said of course. (Problem begins) We proceeded to eat at the cafe. (It was dinner time by now)  We made our way down stairs and proceeded to pick duvet cover, comforter filling, sheet set and a couple of accent pillows. Time came to pick out the bed. Found the rail, found the foundation, found box 1, found box 2, and then ??? yep you guessed it no mattress in stock. Ok, when will it be in and can you hold one for us. NOPE they don't hold anything but they would be in Monday. Ok. We purchased the other items we already spent the time picking out. When we got home, we decided that we would spend $100 more and get the mattress the salesman was recommending. My husband drives all the way back today and guess what. They don't have that mattress in stock either. O and by the way, the other mattress won't available apparently until Wednesday now. Two trips over 1 hour each way  and no mattress for the bed and bedding we already purchased. We received NO I'm sorry, and NO solution except keep driving to store to check stock. Who has time for that. We thought maybe they could ship it to the house. Sure for $129 in shipping fees alone. Customer service is lacking! We will be taking one more trip to store but that will be to return the bed!I tried this buffet along with the other most expensive buffet on the strip and I have to tell you that as soon as I was escorted to the table, I felt super bummered when I saw some cheap silverware rolled in a paper napkin.

8. Valet attendant yelled at me for not having a validated parking slip! Really?!!! I am a guest! I am paying to be here Morning add-on:

Mechwarrior 4/ Beach-head 2000 unit.. Hideously slow , jumping frames, jerking hydraulics, broke after playing.Can't get 8 way direction on left side of tekken 5 Gave up and played Galaga after that:) Yeah left / right fire that works:/

The room wasn't terrible, but it was a long way from the best I've ever gotten.  The service is ok, but it's nothing special.  So, I rate it as "nice".   I don't want to do it injustice, like saying it was less than that, cuz it wasn't, but at the same time, for someone to come to Las Vegas to have fun, to cut loose, have a nice time, there are much better places than this!The most annoying thing is that it seems to me that they know this and are running this place just to get the money, not putting any real effort forward to be one of the standout destination hotels in Vegas.   The Pirate show, all of the small things that were here before to make this a place I'd want to go to, are now gone. This is just a hotel on the strip, owned by large corporation, running on their past fame.I will also add as an aside that this has happened several times with warm wire, I will no longer use them.The resort fees are very high, my was $32.48 a night.  Wanting a Jacuzzi tub we upgraded to a suite for $50.00 more a night.  View was decent and the bed was comfy.  The carpet was dirty and had big wet spot on the floor. When I finally got to try the Jacuzzi, I wanted to jump out as soon as I got in.  I was NOT CLEAN, it felt very scumy on the sides and the jets looked dirty too.  Their Wi-Fi is a joke and they stick you with additional charges for it.The restaurants are priced high and the food wasn't good, it was cheaper at the Ventain and tasted much better. The room felt dirty and didn't seem updated to me.  Upon check out I told them about the Jacuzzi and we told sorry we will let housekeeping know.  I just praying I don't get some infection or something from it. Had to argue about the wi-fi because we didn't use more then 2 devices and the wi-fi hardly worked, I ended up using my 4g. Wouldn't go back again..First thing...worst pool on the strip. I have been to homes with better pools. Would be fine in Dec but in August, not so much. On a brighter note, mystere was awesome. If you want to hang by a pool, book elsewhere.Treasure Island has gone downhill. First, it was the addition of the Starbucks and that Margarita Place at the southern corner of the property. Then, it was shutting down the Sirens of TI show (which sucked, but at least it was mildly entertaining) to put in a freaking CVS (which btw looks AWFUL). They've just sucked the soul out of the place. The hotel rooms have not been well maintained - our room had a large dent in the wall, lots of dings and dents on the furniture, etc. The hallways look dated - things have not been upgraded since MGM sold the place back in 2009. It's sad to see TI in this state - it's been a go to of mine for quite some time due to its relative value and good location, but I could no longer recommend staying here - it's quickly becoming the new Imperial Palace of the Strip.  I would recommend Monte Carlo, NYNY, or the Mirage over Treasure Island.Special note to the hotel clerk. She was very helpful changing the room. Otherwise however, this hotel was not exactly the best.Rooms:We were on the 6th floor in a non-smoking area. The hotel air conditioners; while incredibly loud; didn't exactly help with the smell of cigarettes and alcohol. For some reason, one of the two rooms also smelled of food. The showers were OK, outside of the terrible pressure. The pool was incredibly loud, as expected.---Casino---

If you eat in the restaurant you get full portionsDon't order to go unless you aren't hungry.

I ordered a pia colada but i felt like I was drinking pure Rum!! Yuck it was way too strong and asked to have it re-made but it still was very very strong! Not impressed at all.The service was a disaster but it was not the lady's fault! She was super sweet and caring it was her first day and she took forever to get our bread for the cheese fondue .. Grrr she brought our salad at the same time as the meats .. Which is a big no no.. She kept coming back to ask us what we ordered because she was super confused.She dropped an entire bread bowl on the floor in front of us.. No wonder they are charging us extra for everything they keep losing money with her wasting all the food on the floor.

Pad See EwBeef Noodle Soup.When I had placed my order there were only two parties dining at the time. Shortly after I walked in another gentleman walked in to place an order to go as well, and two more parties. I waited and waited. Everyone else who came in after me received their order before me. I only remained patient because I the patrons were saying how good their food was. So all in all, I waited close to 45 minutes for my food which should not have taken that long.Papaya Salad - one of the worse that I have had in Las Vegas. No Flavor at all. Papaya didnt taste fresh, like it had been shredded for days and just sitting there waiting to be made. Maybe they used an old papaya, I dont know.Combo Appetizer - disappointing for a lack of better words. Filling in the eggrols was mushy and wet. Crab rangoons had no crab in it at all, not even imitation crabmeat - just creamcheese filling. So why call it crab rangoon and not a fried wonton??? Pot stickers were limp and skimpy on filling. It's like the dough was jumping off of the meat trying to escape. and the fried wontons were basically that, fried wonton skins. Pretty disappointing for $10.Spicy Catfish - Was actually okay, but overpowered by bell pepper and not so much catfish. StickEWings - I was actually really anxious to try these, they made it sound soooo goood. Bland and flavorless. Please pass on these.Pad See Ew - this was actually the best thing we had ordered. Noodles were pretty tasty. Beef Noodle Soup - the flavoring in the broth was off. The beef in it was hard and chewy. It was also very oily. I am amazed that this place has such a good rating overall. I just don't get it. Their decor is nice, the staff friendly but the food was soooo disappointing. We will not be going back.I ordered the lunch special Pad Thai and paid the extra dollar for the fried rice. My Pad Thai was in a huge clump and I had to use a knife and a fork to eat it YUCK!The fried rice you have to pay an extra dollar for was not even that good and I felt as though I wasted 9 dollars on food. Disappointing!!!!!!!!!!We recently got married, so we took our rings to them for resize and to mend her wedding band together, when we decided we would have them do it, they took almost an hour just typing on the computer to put the order in. "We have a new system" was the main excuse.We we returned the next day at the time they said would be ready, they forgot to mention that their jeweler didn't come in until 1 pm on Sundays. So they asked if we could come back in 90 minutes.When we returned 1 hour 40 minutes later. They tell us the rings are done and bring them out... Her wedding band isn't mended. So again they ask us to come back in 2 hours. (At this point my wife gets angry and just asks for a refund for the mending of the rings because it wasn't done and we have to catch our flight that night) well she says one second, walks back with the manager to the jeweler and comes back after 2 minutes and says the jeweler is working on it right this moment.~10 minutes later~Jeweler finishes up, she brings the ring out, and it's mended but now one of the stones is missing. I immediately notice, mention it and the jeweler takes it back to put another side diamond on it. 10 minutes later again we get the ring back and it's done finally, 2 1/2  hours after the pickup time they originally told us. And as I'm signing the papers for pickup. The woman mentions to me that she typed the solder into the system but forgot to write it on the paper. And again apologizes for "the new system"This place is open 24 hours. They have a steak and eggs special for $5.99. My friend was craving this special and this was only of the only places that was open that served this. The steak and eggs were not so great....but what really bothered us was the fact that the waitress sat us down and forgot to take our order. She assumed that the other waitress was going to take our order. Despite the fact that she apologized to us, it was still a debacle since our food wasn't even good. I guess you get what you pay for. They did have this tabasco A1 sauce that was interesting though.Golden Grill will do the job.  Fill your stomach on the cheap any time of night.  Pay no attention to the psycho at the next table.  Located inside the Gold Spike casino, one block from Fremont, you can come here after your done partying at the local bars.  I live across the street so I've been here many times, its one of the only 24 hrs food spots around downtown.GOOD FOOD:  I guess it can be compared to a Denny's.  Everything I've tried, from the steak and eggs to the potato soup, has been pretty decent.  Nothing is great or exciting, but everything is pretty good or at worst acceptable.  My fav is probably the sirloin with 2 eggs over easy, some well done hash browns, and toast for $5.99.BAD FOOD:  The only items I think are not good are 1) The pies.  I've tried a few and they're either old, still frozen, or just plain bland.  And 2) The drinks.  The water tastes funny.  And it shows through in the ice tea as well.  I'd stick with soda or milk.SERVICE:  It really depends on who's working.  Also there is a sign that says "Please wait to be seated".  I've finally started ignoring this sign because they always seem to ignore me.  So now i just walk in and sit, and I don't stand there for ten minutes while there's only one table seated.  You will actually get service quicker that way.  Food usually comes out pretty quick though.THE X-FACTOR:  There is a 90% chance that you will be provided with an original experience due to a character dining nearby.  Literally the first three times in a row I ate here there was a different crazy person who made a huge scene.  From nut-jobs who talk to themselves to freaks who curse loudly at the staff, the Spike attracts only the classiest patrons!  Don't worry, there is security on property.***  I had to downgrade Golden Grill from 3 to 2 stars because while the location and hours are great, I'm realizing that most of the food is just terrible.  The only palatable thing to eat is the steak and eggs, everything else i've been trying is bretty bland - like cafeteria bland.  Even the burger and fries was pretty tough to get down.  You know it's bad when I'm not finishing burgers or fries.  I just can't stomach the idea of going here ever again if I want to enjoy the taste of my food in the slightest bit.I ate there twice during a recent vacation. I'm not going back.First time I went I had the $5.99 steak and eggs. Not bad for the price, but the steak wasn't one I really wanted to eat again. A couple of nights later I had the prime rib dinner, and added a simplistic salad for $1.29. The prime rib was OK, but you can get better downtown. The horseradish they gave me had too much kick. I think I was offered mild and spicy, or something like that. I didn't know there were different degrees of horseradish. I don't know if I got the "mild," but that's what I asked for. Too much kick! As for the meat... OK, but you're better off dining at the California if you want a good, cheap prime rib dinner. Much better for about the same money when you add in the cost of a salad to your dinner at Golden Grill.Late night service for steak/eggs was good. Young dude was on his game, and got a nice tip. The prime rib dinner service was weak. The woman was too busy bitching to her co-workers about some other co-worker. Fill my water glass when it sits there empty at the edge of the counter. Don't make me ask you to do your job. Your tip reflected the weak service. Better options for cheap meals elsewhere, although I'm not  under the impression you  ever have to wait to get a table at the Golden Grill. That's the only positive thing I can say about it. I had never been inside the Gold Spike before my last Vegas trip. I was quite surprised to see blackjack tables, as I didn't sense many people ever gamble there. I'm sure it gets action on weekends, but you have to wonder how that casino makes any money. I can't imagine the sexy dealers working weeknights are making much in tips.To be honest I like that they take phone orders for pick up and if it's late and you're staying here hey go for it it's better than a microwave meal but Denny's is better and I'm not a huge Denny's fan either. I had chicken parm that tasted ok nachos that were similar to taco bell like I said nothing special but cheap and ediblePizza was just OK.. Wings were boring.We ordered a Vinny's special and the meet and toppings were great but the crust and sauce were just OK.. I was hoping for a lot better.Went there with family of 5 unfortunately they only have smaller round tables had to put 2 together worked but still awkward.  Service kind of harried. I ordered a Full Greek salad for $8.95  I received what I would consider a free throw in salad at most places, tiny and basic dressing was ok.  Had Fettuccine Alfredo watery and flavorless. Calzone was good. Pizza was dry, crust was not fluffy or flaky more cardboard like. To many better choices in the neighborhood.Received a flyer on my door advertising this restaurant so we decided to order delivery. When I called to place the order they were OUT OF PIZZA DOUGH. Are you kidding me, a pizza place without pizza dough?We had to order something else besides what we wanted. Since I had never tried this restaurant I was open to their menu and had no preconceived ideas of what to expect.It took an hour for the delivery, the food was only OK, and the price was expensive for what we received. On top of that there was a delivery charge that was not disclosed at the time of placing the order.I was really hoping this would be a good place since that location has struggled. Not so much. The side of guacamole they gave me was brown all the way around the edges including the sides to the bottom of the container. This means they packaged this hours if not days before giving to me. The food was pretty tasteless and looked slopped together. When I went in to pick it up, I had to search the place for someone to help me even though one of the employees was up front when I arrived but walked to the side of the building. I will not be back.The pizza lacked taste and had way too much cheese. The crust was not cooked all the way through. It wasn't worth the money spent. The only bright spot were the wings which were cooked well and the sauce tasted good.We ordered the small Buffalo Chicken pizza with a house salad and BBQ wings on the side. The first item that came out was the bread. It was very tasteful and light. That was a plus. The next items were the salad and BBQ wings. The house salad was... Ehh... Just a salad.... Haha. The BBQ wings were pretty good. I could tell that these wings were fried rather than over baked. I love fried wings! That is the second plus. The downfalls comes from the pizza. The cheese was so thick and caked on the pizza that it took away from the balance of the rest of the toppings. Oh and I had a nice long strand of dirty blonde hair weaved through the thick layer of cheese. Pretty funny and disgusting. Haha. The 2 stars mainly comes from the mediocre food. I don't regret giving this place a try; however, I won't be stopping by again.My husband absolutely LOVES wings... All he could stomach was 2 wings because of the awful flavor. Will NOT be ordering again!!!This is a family friendly Italian-American Restaurant that mostly serves pizzas, sandwiches and pasta in a traditional Italian looking setting. They start you off with complimentary baked dough cut in bite size pieces and herbed mild tasting oil.I decided to try the Thai House Calzone. When I was presented with the calzone I thought it looked beautiful. It had a very perfect looking shape and a nice golden brown color. It also was very large and I know it can feed two people. I liked that it was filled with lots of fresh spinach and vegetables. The flavors were ok...But I had two problems with the calzone. One was the chicken in it. The chicken was some sort of over marinated chicken that had a texture like biting threw rubber. As I was eating the calzone I thought it had melty white cheese in it but I was wrong. It was raw dough. I didn't feel I could send it back because I would just get another one that was the same. I also didn't feel like complaining about it because they only had one waitress on that was waiting on all the tables. My husband had a sausage sandwich. The sausage used is heavy with sage and the sandwich was more like a pizza just made on sandwich bread with the same thin slices of sausage.The sausage sandwich was really ok and if this review was based on the sausage sandwich I would have given three stars.Service was pleasant.

*The mashed potato trio had PHENOMENAL flavor -- really liked that... but we all agreed that they were instant mashed potatoes based on the texture.  Would have been our favorite part of the meal if the potatoes were realOverall, the place is decent.  I wouldn't go here expecting the greatest meal in Vegas, and the food certainly wasn't worth what we paid.  But-- if you haven't planned ahead for your evening & want a place to get large & reasonably priced drinks with dinner, this is a good option.came here for dinner on a friday night... With Reservation and still took 15min. to be seated...Im going to have to say that the food was Blah... I asked for a steak Meduim/Rare came out well done... and to many spices... I cook up  abetter steak at home... I will say that the Lobster Quesadilla is Bomb...The waitresses were great... They are super nice and friendly and super hott... Their Tits are falling out of their shirts... Shazam...  I dont think I will ever be coming back here tho...It's a steakhouse at the Hard Rock Hotel in Vegas. What more need be said? What this means is:

The scrubber that is used on your feet is also used on everyone.

Most likely will not be back to The Orange TableScrewed up orders and it took over 45 MINUTES to get our food! The waitstaff was actually pretty rude about it and acted like we were asking too much for them to bring our food in less than an hour! I liked my mushroom omelet a lot but with poor service I'd rather just stay home in the future. And to top things off in the end my father's medium burger came out super well done, literally falling apart in dust.Food was okay.  Eggs were cold and the green flannel was really spicy.  The waitress warned me but i should have headed her warning and got something else.  Took almost an hour to get our food and they didn't offer to buy our drinks or discount the meal at all.  We were behind a party of 18 people who just ordered but that is not my fault.  At least some sort of small gesture other than filling our water every 15 mins.  A little pricey for an average meal with not much ambiance.The food here is delicious and it's a super cute place, but almost every time I've visited over the years, something has gone wrong. A few weeks ago, we arrived on a Saturday morning.  Our server was really nice, and really quick with drinks and taking our order...  Then the food took literally 30 minutes to come out - two orders of pancakes and the place was maybe a quarter full, at most.  She didn't stop by once to let us know there was an issue or tell us the food was coming soon, all the while people who came in after us got their meals.  When food finally arrived, my husband's pancakes had clearly been sitting for a while.  They put a scoop of butter on top and it had completely melted - our server assured us it wasn't missing.  Not a great consolation, since he didn't want all of it, and certainly not all melted into one spot, rather than spread out.  I got the berry pancakes, which were tasty - light, flavorful, with the berries baked right in - and he got banana.  However, they swapped our syrups when serving - it turns out mine came with berry syrup - so my husband ended up eating weird syrup with his soaked-with-butter-in-one-spot pancakes, not realizing it wasn't the usual.  In the past, we've had to wait for ages for food, but the quality of it made up for it in the end.  This time, even that didn't happen. $12 for a plate of pancakes is far from cheap, and this ended up being an overall negative experience.  We'll be taking our business elsewhere.SLOW food prep (45 minutes from order to serve). Watched other patrons walk out as well, even though 1/3 of tables were empty. Half of items cold/undercooked upon arrival (including sausage. undercooked pork = DANGER). Banana pancakes excellent. Steak, eggs, potatoes, bacon underwhelming. Server slow and indifferent. Owner kind enough to offer free bacon and cut the bill in half. A nice gesture. Not enough to change my opinion that the establishment is not worth the rating.My daughter came in from Tucson and was wanting breakfast so I asked have you been to this place before she said no and that we should try it out..... I'd read good reviews.If you've never been there before Plan on taking a few extra minutes to find the place it's tucked back in the mall & not easy to find.It was midweek and not overly busy. The waitress started out friendly, nice and very talkative I ordered  a cappuccino and my daughter ordered juice. we only took a few minutes to look at the menu I noticed it was really very limited, If you're a corn beef hash person it's definitely up your alley but unfortunately that's not my favorite. We both decided on the traditional eggs, home style potatoes and bacon. My daughter added the fresh fruit bowl. When our order came to the table everything was as ordered the presentation good & cooked correctly, her fruit was fresh and tasty. Everything from there on went bad. The waitress was nonexistent came back only once with the forgotten ketchup my daughter had requested, never refilled our waters never asked if everything was ok, never asked if we needed anything  else we had to ask another server for our check. Our server brought the check with the big smile and a friendly attitude..... thank you so much for coming in sucking up for the tip. AND only cleared my plate we were clearly both done. After another 10 minutes of waiting we asked another server once again if they could take our check and credit card so we could leave. I understand poor service or delayed service when you're busy but this was midweek mind you and not very busy......very disappointing.Went on a weekend morning more than a year ago. It says something that I still remember the details of my visit. They were just unorganized. Possibly overwhelmed. Lady who I think was the owner was just barking orders. Maybe we should have waited for a table outside for a more peaceful dining experience...Went here, they were out of everything. They messed up all of our orders and even after they fixed them i wasn't impressed by the food.

AND did not include the potatoes in the bag. I stop for breakfast or coffee only once ever few weeks as a treat.

 My Huevous Ranchero was a very Americanized, bland canned tasting sauce, Girlfriends Eggs and Hamburger Patty with Gravy tasted like powdered store stuff. Daughters Pancakes were good, but not hot. Mom ordered the same as me, lack of impressed just like mine.

     +Sauce complemented corned beef into savory bursts

The salad was so spicy that she was not able eat it (hot!, burning!). The pineapple in my fried rice was almost non existent.

When we asked the waitress some questions we had about the menu, she didn't seem to know much (maybe she was new).We started off ordering chips and salsa, but the chips came out super greasy and almost chewy.Our entrees (tacos and burritos) were alright, but not worth coming back to this restaurant for.Main problem: tortillas! Second problem: prices! And for a taco joint I'd say that tortillas are pretty important. They were soggy and falling apart. Guac was good. Chips weren't bad but weren't great. Everything in my tacos was delicious. Surprisingly I think I liked the ground beef best, then the carnitas. Everything was expensive! I read some reviews that said this place was reasonable?! No! The guac was 5.99 and it was tiny! I ate the entire thing by myself. Also the tacos are a la carte and don't come with sides... They're 3-4 dollars each, with no sides. For the quality, that was just too high... And I'd say a hungry person needs three tacos at least to be full. I'll not be back.Great atmosphere, friendly staff. Food? Eh just okay. I keep coming back in hopes things will get better. Drinks on point! Tonight has 3 tacos rice n beans. Shlda ordered room service. Makes me sad. I have such high hopes for this place. Come drink! Then consider eating elsewhere.The food is really lacking in flavor here. With all the good Mexican food in Charlotte this place is a big disappointment. The only redeeming aspect is the drink specials they have during the week. If you are in the epicenter, have a drink here and then keep moving to find somewhere else to eat.Over priced Mexican. I have attempted on several occasions to like this place. I just cannot. The food doesn't taste bad,  there's just nothing to rave over. I ordered the fajitas at $15.99 I barely got a teaspoon of guacamole, or Pico. I got about 3 tbls of cold black beans and some of the rice tht I don't like. They mix the chicken, onions, and peppers with mushrooms!? Way to stretch the main part of the meal. This was my first-time having mushrooms in any Mexican dish and was quite alarmed. It's sort of like ordering a grilled cheese that comes with bacon on it. Not NECESSARY. This was my last attempt with Vida.I have to be honest. I JUST don't get the hype. First off, a patisserie should have an espresso machine (not coffee that you would find in your office break room). In addition, they should offer (and maybe they do?) tea. Coke and croissant? I don't think so... The quiche was runny and I'm now worried about salmonella and the croissant aux amandes was very heavy. My friend felt that his pain au chocolat needed more pain and less beurre. However, my roommate, who has studied in both France and West Africa, really enjoyed her pain aux raisin.Everyone raves about this place, the times I have been there were completely disappointing.  The hype is not lived up to. The lines you see waiting in the morning, WHAT ARE THESE PEOPLE WAITING FOR?! I've never had anything at this place I enjoyed. Maybe it's picky of me. Maybe I've been spoiled by authentic french bakers. Maybe Jean-Marc just holds my heart too tightly. Maybe I just enjoy being contrary to popular beliefs. Who knows.I do know that my taste buds were not excited and decided to take a little nap of their own. i guess they LOOK pretty but that's the extent for me. I liked the look but the taste was truly lacking.There are way better choices for French baked goods in the area such as Jean-Marc Chatellie in Millvale and Gaby et Jules in Squirrel Hill. The sweet bread/tea loaf that we purchased was extremely dry and quite frankly, I could have done better with a Bundt cake. Something must be working as there are always lines on the weekend. Last time for me though.I met a friend for lunch at the shop's Mt. Lebanon location today, and we were not impressed.  It smells divine when you walk in, and the bakery case looks wonderful. Lunch, however, was mediocre. You can pick a sandwich and drink for $6.50. The sandwich is nothing special, and there are no sides available. If you're really hungry, you will not leave satisfied. The staff was very nice with the exception of the French cashier who was actually rude to my friend when she asked about her drink options, and seating is very limited.Your typical cafe with decent food located inside The Tropicana casino floor. You order and pay for your food first at the register and seat yourself in the diner. A good place to go if you're looking for a quick bite to eat. I wasn't a fan of the breakfast items but the other items were alright. Breakfast:

SO... I am at work yesterday and my fiance calls me. Bill in mail. Its not from SMI. It's from a collector. They are "demanding payment" of $48.79. Thats right....SMI sent me to collections for not even $50 bucks, and to top it off, I was never made aware of the balance. It's been over 3 months since the procedure was done. At the time, I provided my address, phone number and insurance carrier on that not-so little patient card they had me fill out for 30 minutes. WHY...WHY would you collect my phone number and contact info if you are not going to call me to alert me to a billing issue? Even more of concern is why you wouldn't mail or contact me before SENDING ME TO COLLECTIONS!? I pay my bills...and now I get a collections in the mail for less than a carton of smokes? ~The Downlow~Customer Service...This boils down to having good customer service. As a customer service rep myself, I know personally that if I had a client whose account went not only delinquent, but into collections, and I never bothered to advise them....I'd be in line at a local job bank. The ridiculous notion that this is the case...is just unfathomable to me.I am not sure what the original balance was, or how it even occured. Aetna never advised me an amount was over-due...and certainly I wasn't sent anything either. Obviously this will baloon if not paid. I will pay it, but not before reaming the office manager when I get the chance to. It is this office's fault on not advising me of the balance due...and if they say "oh XYZ in accounting should have followed up with you....blah blah blah", I will probably lose all my hair as I keep myself from blowing up like Pompei.They get 2 stars for their nice office and relatively good reps working with patients....but thats me being nice.. Adios SMI, see if I use you again. All for a measily $48.79 that you could have advised me on...But nope... Not going back, and I suggest you do not either.The staff is nice, but the wait times are *ridiculous*. I just spent over an hour waiting with my 4 & 6 year old kids (not fun) at 2:00 on a Wednesday afternoon for a simple x-ray.1/5 for office management. Poor office management. Before appointment, verified that appointments were running on time; I waited 30 minutes. Takes 3-4 WEEKS to get test results in mail.5/5 for tech. Excellent tech. Nice, respectful. Answered my questions.I give it 2 stars because I jumped out of a plane and survived. Other than that, nothing else was pleasant.I bought a Groupon just like everybody else here. However, I don't think that Skydive Phoenix had the personnel to handle all of the customers. We booked over a month in advance, for an early time slot at 11am. They told us to arrive "just a half hour early." It was only AFTER we arrived and registered that they told us the wait would be 4 hours. They also told us on the phone that our party of 3 would be able to go in the same plane; this was not the case. They split our party up, and by the time it was my friend's turn to jump, they decided to cancel all flights because the afternoon winds had picked up. I am grateful that they are cautious, but we booked an early time slot to avoid that very issue.  One tandem instructor hanging out in the waiting area kept talking smack about another instructor. Another instructor told me that the front desk girl gets "booking happy" which exacerbates the wait.  Not very professional.To top it off, they redeemed my friend's Groupon even though she didn't get to jump! That was terrible.  Groupon gave her credit for the amount she spent, which we were very happy about.My first time sky diving with my best friend that was in town and we've been wanting to try it for years. The experience itself was fantastic and the instructors were funny and personable. That said, if you can go anywhere else to do this, I would!It was very difficult to even schedule an appointment. No one answers their phone and their mailbox is always full so you can't leave a message. I was able to leave a message once but they never returned my call. The best way to reach them is by email. We were supposed to jump at 11am and we got there at 10:30am. We watched the video and were very excited. We sat around for over 4 hours waiting to go up and your excitement really plummets when you're sitting in the hot sun outside. There was no communication that it could take this long or why it was taking that long. There was only one small plane and it would "overheat" so they would have to wait an hour for it to cool down so a bunch of people were just hanging out. Then they had to keep refueling it but the people that refuel it kept leaving and they'd have to wait for them to get back. The instructors kept walking around complaining about how the school isn't what it used to be and there are too many jumps anymore and it was wearing them out. They kept saying how tired it was making them. (Not something you want to hear when you're trusting your life to them!)They clearly overbooked. If only 4-6 students can go up in a load with instructors, then don't schedule 16 people for that same time slot! By 3pm we were told it was now too windy to go up and we'd have to come back some other weekend. My best friend flew into town just to do this experience with me. If we had gone up at 11am as scheduled, it wouldn't have been an issue. They managed to squeeze us in the next morning but only after repeatedly telling us how much we were inconveniencing THEM. We got there right as they opened in the morning so we wouldn't be slid back another 4 hours. The jump the next morning was fantastic and beautiful. Again they didn't have enough instructors though. After the jump you're pumped and can't wait to show everyone the photos and video but they tell you you won't receive them for 3-4 weeks in the mail. I did not receive the photos and video until SEVEN weeks later! I tried calling asking for them but of course couldn't get through so I emailed them and asked about them. Ours had to be moved to the top of the pile to get them out even after 6 weeks. Overall actually sky diving was fun but this company is very unprofessional and uncommunicative. It really put a dark cloud over what was supposed to be an experience of a lifetime. Go somewhere else if you can. If you don't go somewhere else, then schedule the first jump of the morning so you'll have a fresh, not too tired instructor and you can go up before the schedule gets too messed up.one of the most beautiful experiences ever gone waste with a horrible dvd ..please guys do not pay extra like i did for another photographer just get a selfie..not even 5 secs of my dive was covered and even in that it was a far off shot which doesnt show my face and expressions at all..the irony is the photographer josh asked me to give nice expressions and all..what  a joke! the extra money we paid besides the groupon was wasted. i couldve thought thats how skydive videos are but my husband did it in atlanta and his was an awesome video worth every penny. wrtiting this review immediately after seeing the video..super diappointed :(Awful pizza... I bought a $4 slice and it was terrible. Salty, dry, and burnt. No good.Maybe i just got unlucky.... i got baked ziti with sausage and meetballs... the garlic bread was cold. Noodles were over cooked. Food overall was very bland. Only one meat ball and one sausage. They were big but not worth the $2 each.  Fast and very friendly delivery though. Its a low 2 stars... also didnt get the parmigiano i asked for or tooth picks.Our food was ok, once we got it. It took an hour for our burgers to arrive after we got our appetizers. By the time I got my burger it was cold, and completely wrong! They even forgot the bring French fries which was another thing I had to wait for. Aside from when we got there, our waitress never came around and asked us if we wanted drinks or if we needed anything else, she just dropped the check off and went away. I would never go back here!!I only frequent this place cuz my pobox is here. It's definitely not because the workers are worth bragging about. Oh ya & I love the bums asking for $$$$.Treated me like I was dumb for not knowing there was a specific counter set aside for prepaid package drop off. Surprisingly I do know how to read so maybe if there was some sign explaining this I could have saved the 10 mins I had to wait in line.2 stars is being generous. I had a prepaid package that cost me just shy off $70 dollars to ship. Instead of just sitting it up on the counter and leaving like i do for less important items ,i waited in line and requested to have it scanned in so could get a receipt. Well Lets just say some people should not be working behind the counter with the public. The lady behind the counter was sort of demeaning, semi-rude and unquestionably uncaring. I'm sure all will be fine with the delivery. Such a poor experience though, thought i should share. :(So I really have to knock this place down a few stars since my last visit. They have a the chairs lined up and everyone sits side by side (it kind of reminds me of a sweatshop). Other clients come in to get a massage and are super loud and inconsiderate of other people trying to relax.  The owner was also watching tv on an iPad or computer that you could hear while getting your massage. Annoying? I think yes! They even have a sign for recommended tips. I mean if you really have to tell people how much to tip your business model probably needs work!This place could be so much better if they just put some money into spacing out the chairs and cutting down on the chatter by placing a wall between the pay area and massage area.Used to be a regular here until problems starred occuring. First of all, $20 for a one hr massage is a steal..hot stones included. Went for my first time and I found out my lady with Lisa, she was a pretty nice lady and did a great job. The space is very small and the chairs are lined out in the open, so there aren't any dividers. after my first massage I realized that there was a dog grooming place next door and decided that next time I go at night. Come next time and there aren't any dogs barking but the employees are louder. The employees don't have a formal break room so there's a little hallway with have a microwave where they eat, you can hear literally everything...even the microwave beeping...mutiple times. The employees talk to each other more at night too...including to the lady who massaged me. Not considerate at all! Great price, but the atmosphere is not relaxing at all. Will not be coming back.Got a Groupon deal $30 for hot stone and feet massage. When I was looking for this place, I was looking for the name it advertised which was Healthy Life Foot Spa.  The name is actually just Foot Spa.I never really believed in the moto, You Get What You Pay For. In this case, it was true. Pros: They're open till midnight (weird but true), I get a foot massage, it was cheap, it was really for an hour.

adding salt and pepper to everything.  Plus they had no greens!! Soul food place with no greens??   Had cabbage instead; it was horrible,

-wonton soup

We spent 2 nights at this Hotel. We had 2 separate rooms. My better half and I stayed in our own separate room, while the rest of the group of 8 or 9 stayed in a big 2 bedroom suit down the hall from us.

- staff service was pleasant but slow (slow to get our drink order and slow to clear our plates)

It is simply sketchy as hell and i was very pissed off so be careful when you go there and do look at your receipts.Dunkin Donuts and my first time trying it being Canadian, I had to try this when I saw it while visiting here in Montreal from Van city. The donuts reminded me way too much of Tim Hortons and intact was double the price of Tim's, what the heck?! Also the quality was no better than Tim's and intact service was worse. (Yes I realize I'm comparing to Tim's but c'mon I have to) I would say go to Tim's over Dunkin Donuts, but honestly I only tried one single donut maybe not enough to judge. But why wouldn't you want to go to Tim's over Dunkins ? Haha Tim's all the way, it's Canadian! I'd say pass on this place unless you want

Out of 3 of their 5 beers. :(

The milk tea was way too sweet. Not bad, just really sweet. The egg roll was ok. Way too much tarot, and it almost seems like mashed tarot, so it was kind of like eating mashed potato egg roll from a texture stand point. Flavor was fine. The soup for the noodles is good. Nice flavor. They have no idea what Lan Zhou Pulled Noodles are, because what I got was not it. Mine was more of a standard ramen noodle bar type noodle. Still good texture, but just not what I had expected/wanted. The pork belly was a bit overcooked and fatty, but flavor was decent. The wontons were just ok, could use more filling/be more consistent with amount of filling. I got one with very little amount and one with adequate amount. Though, as an add on option, I was disappointed only 2 wontons came in my soup.Overall, i'd give this place another shot. Maybe i'll opt for their BBQed items next time. They do look pretty fantastic.Man, I was thinking about that bowl of noodles for the whole 36 hours after so I went back the next night for dinner. Food is still delicious but the service is ridiculously incompetent. I think we waited a good 45 minutes for our two bowl of noodles to come out, and our appetizers didn't come out until we were in the middle of our entrees. I think they handle one ticket at a time, and seem unable to make an entire table's food come out at the same time. They were often serving one person at the table while others had to wait another 5 minutes for their food.While we waited, I watched one of the other diners flag down the waitress about his order for his noodles was not quite what he had ordered. It turned out that they had given him our bowl of noodles. Because I'm fluent in Chinese (though I ordered in English), I heard the waitress explain this to the other diner. He asked whose order he had gotten and she nodded in our direction.  The waitress then asked him whether he had already eaten some of the noodles. He said he had not but he had tossed the noodles around. When she hesitated, he looked at her incredulously and asked in Chinese, "Are you going to take it back and serve it to the other table?!" That put the idea out of her head. If it was only the service that was the issue, I'd still come back. But after hearing that exchange, I'm feeling iffy about possible health code violations. Delicious food, but it's too bad these people have no idea how to run a restaurant.Long time to wait!

Staff - D-I am not into when they wrap the Moo Shu Pork up in the crepe... I like to build my own and you get left over's that way...The Mongolian Beef was pretty good but I did not like my eating experience at this spot and will not be back.I went here for lunch today and everything about it was mediocre.  The service was just ok.  They didn't seem very friendly and everything that we asked for seemed to put them out.  I got the Chicken with Broccoli and wanted it spicy.  My girlfriend got the Hunan Chicken.  Both meals came with egg drop soup as a starter which was very bland and nothing to write home about (nevermind on yelp!)  Then came our main courses.  Again, very bland (I asked for spicy but you would not have known it by this dish).  The chicken was such small thin pieces that I do wonder if it was something else.  The broccoli was fresh and the consistency of the sauce was nice but, it just needed some flavor.  My g/f's only ate about 1/4 of her meal.  I wish I would have read Renee's review about asking for the Chinese menu before I went here.  I will have to remember that if I ever end up back here again.I only come here to eat their black bean noodles and it is delicious!! The rest of their Korean-Chinese menu is ok but I had better.  The service can be pretty rude. My boyfriend and I are Asian and he's very americanized.  He wasnt too hungry so he wanted to order chow mein  from the "whitey" menu. The big Korean lately literally said "No! You order from this menu" pointing to the Chinese menu. She basically told him this 3 times and told him to get jap chae. I normally would have snapped but i love chop chae so i just watched in amusement.  He eventually gave in and complained about the food he got.  The jap chae wasnt the traditional yummy jap chae.   It was saucey with sir fry sauce and filled with bell peppers.We've gotten takeout from Chef Chiang's a few times. It's not in our regular rotation because their prices are too high for takeout and for such mediocre food. Tonight, however, it went beyond that. The egg rolls tasted like they were full of rancid vegetables. The spare ribs had obviously been cooked hours earlier and left to sit. Everything else was coated with a shiny layer of grease and msg. I will not be ordering from here again.This place is a trip. Here's the rundown on "F.G." It used to be a sports bar with not-so-hottie waitresses, Coors flowing like water, D-Backs all over the place. Then one day, POOF! It's now a gay bar! Why? Who knows. But it is. We went to check it out one night just to see what the hell was going on. Inside, it still looks like a sports bar. There's everything you would expect to find in a typical sports bar and nothing you would expect to find in a typical gay bar. Except, the big screen TVs that once hosted Cardinals' games were NOW showing a commercial for "Guys Gone Wild" and playing some show from Logo. After it started getting less and less likely that it was just some "weird awkward scene on the TV that would pass" and more and more likely that this channel was all male all the time, the guys at the table behind us started getting confused. One of them asked, "What kind of place IS this?!"My friend responded, "You do know you're at a gay bar, right?"They had no idea. Their reactions ranged from sheer terror to amusement all in the span of like 3 seconds. It was weird. Finally one of them asked, "But, are we welcome here?"To which my friend responded, "Well that's up to you..." They were uncomfortable and left a few minutes later. (But one of them was dancing outside the window as they left?)I don't know, it was kind of entertaining. But come on, F.G.! If you're going to be a gay bar, you need to thoroughly gay it up. The Budweiser posters need to come down. So does the Kathy Ireland shit. Do something. Fantasy Grill needs to get an identity and create something out of it. Right now, it doesn't know where or what it is, and neither do the people that are there. Everyone's just confused and it's not because they're drunk. This place might be able to have potential, and the sports-bar-to-gay-bar transition is admirable, but let's seriously reevaluate our situation. That being said, I'm keeping my eye on you, F.G.Highlight: The bartender left before we did.The "F.G." has apparently closed down... For good. I can't help but feel a little bit bad. I really did want to see it make the "full transformation." But maybe it just wasn't meant to be. Ah well.I just randomly passed this place and wanted to get a croissant.I got their dulce de leche croissant, it was very stale, served cold and not crispy at all.  Do yourself a favor and walk down to Jean Philippe Patisserie and get your baked goods there!!I did not enjoy this place very much. I ordered a ham and cheese brioche because they didn't have anymore bacon and egg ones. I also ordered a quiche Lorraine and my husband ordered a tropical fruit parfait. The brioche was not appetizing as I felt like I was dissecting something.  The ham was chopped into tiny pieces (photos included in this review). I don't recommend this brioche for someone that doesn't like too much texture in their food. The quiche was mediocre. The tropical fruit parfait was tasty but very nutty so if you like alot of nuts in a parfait then I do recommend it.  I probably would not return for food St this place but they do have many small options if you're hungry and on the go.They have things that make them stand out as a coffee shop, but they strongly lack the things I need for it to be a return type place.1. The only reason you will catch me in a coffee shop is because I need to use my laptop. So it needs free wifi and accessible wall outlets with comfortable seating. I'm not sure if they had the wifi, but it was definitely a no-go on the wall outlets and seating.

--Upon not being able to get a wakeup call and not wanting to go downstairs at midnight, I tried to set the alarm...

Immoral? Decidedly no, since they clearly warn you about what you're getting in to.I'd eat here once, and NEVER again. It's a place fueled by novelty- go there only if you're inspired after watching Epic Meal Time on youtube.This was the second food adventure I had while visiting AZ for the past weekend with my friends.I'm not that big into burgers, but I had to try this place ever since I've seen it on the Travel Channel.  I was a little scared since this place cooks everything in LARD, but when in Rome...This place gets a 2 stars for a couple of reasons.  First, the burger I had wasn't that great.  It tasted like a back yard bbq session.  I was expecting a little bit more.  Second, after we got done eating my other friends felt like crap the whole day.  I believe they spent some time with the porcelain seat back at our hotel...The only thing that saved this place from the 1 star is the Fries and the Shakes.  The fries are pretty good and its bottomless.  Maybe it was the LARD it was cooked in but the fries had a unique taste.  The Vanilla Shake I had was good.  My friends had the Strawberry Shake and can attest to its goodness as well.The best part of the Heart Attack Grill is........THE NURSES!  If it wasn't for them, I would have walked out of this place as soon as I bit into my burger.  Good Gimmick bad burger!Novelty - 8/10 - Go once to tell people you've been there.  And duh your going to see sexy nurses and a unique restaurant concept that is telling you to eat so unhealthy it will kill you.  Its expensive for the food you receive but worth the novelty of it and the few pictures you leave with. Food - 3/10 - Take my word and other yelp comments the burger is nothing special.  The meat is very bland and has no memorable seasoning or sauce (yawn).  For a "burger" joint when calories are no concern you think it was the most amazing flavor ever.  It's not.  Burger Guru's go elsewhere.  The fries were a huge disappointment as well.  I went with 6 other people.  We all blamed the soggy fries on being the "bottom" of the pan.  We got more unlimited fries when a fresh batch came out and no one loved them at all.  Its funny cause there is a video playing on flat screens and when we saw the crispy looking fries on screen we were like 'we want those!'.  The milkshakes were also disappointing because people expected more flavor like thick ice cream.  It was a very generic base that they just pump flavored syrup into, no blenders.  Also, people that dined the same day as us found a hair ball in the double burger.  It was pretty gross when he held it up and the nurses came running to replace!  I cant wait for his review!Who will go again?  0 out of 6 of us.Who is talking about this place to their friends and family? 6 out of 6 of us.Who felt a little sick to their stomachs? 4 out of 6 of us.Overall go once have fun.  But if you want a great tasting burger and some calories that may lead to an eventual heart attack find a gourmet burger spot with some crispy bacon, blue cheese crumbles, special sauce, and maybe even a fried egg on top.  A good burger is good til the last bite, this was not.The service, quality, and taste of this place is about as bad as it is for your health. Not to mention that the owner treated me completely awful recently. Never will I ever go back to this death trap. Save myself the 8 bucks and go to 24 Carrots Juice across the street.I heard about this place from some of my friends and of course on TV. So when I had the chance to visit AZ, I just had to hit it up, since I LOVE burgers. As you walk in the door, you are greeted by good looking girls in skimpy nurses outfits. When you are seated, everyone must put on a hospital robe before ordering. There are even mirrors behind the counter that are angled up for a view of the waitress's sexy nurse costumes. So far so good.... My expectations were very high but they did nothing but disappoint with their burger. Their all you can eat fries on the other hand were absolutely amazing (I even went back for 2nds). They do have a great concept here, but they just have to work on their burger recipe.There's not much to be said overall.We ordered two combination dinners so we could try almost all of their entrees.  Flavor's were bland.  Some of the food was lukewarm.  I hate to do direct restaurant comparisons, but Abay serves more flavorful heated food and is also like a buck or two cheaper.Pro's?  You won't have a hard time trying to get a table here.This review is from an avid Ethiopian cuisine zealot, so readers beware!When I strolled into this restaurant on a lazy Saturday afternoon, I didn't expect much because, well, it's Pittsburgh, PA, not little Ethiopia.  Hailing from DC, I of course have high standards.  Though I tried my best to give this restaurant's food a higher star rating, it just can't compare with other Ethiopian restaurants.  Since sampling one item is not the most exciting way to judge the food, it's always my preference to order a veggie combination platter.  I appreciated their option to allow diners to choose 5 items, so I chose freely: kik alicha, shiro wat, ye abesha gomen, tikil gomen and fossolia.  Among these 5 standards, it's normally difficult for me to identify a favorite.  However, Tana made it easy for me: the one that was properly cooked was my favorite.  The kik alicha was undercooked such that some of the yellow spilt peas were like soft pebbles.  The shiro wat was spicy, but flavor development was sorely lacking.  The tikil gomen was greasy and like the shiro wat, lacked the depth of flavor of either fresh cooking or complex seasoning.  The tikil gomen was decent, but had likely been cooked quite a while ago--at least it wasn't greasy.  The fossolia was the best of the batch, but not fabulous by my standards.  Like the tikil gomen, it was greasy.  Unlike the kik alicha, at least the vegetables (carrots and green beans) were well cooked.  Still, the fossolia had a mild tomato paste flavor rather than the complex flavors that normally accompany stewed Ethiopian-style vegetables.However, the dish that sealed the restaurant's rating at 2 stars: the injera tasted like white flour with a touch of sourness.  Injera should have teff flour, whether in a blend with wheat flour and/or other flours.  I could have made this injera at my home and have been more satisfied.  Perhaps it was because I ordered take-out that the kitchen decided to provide such a poor showing of quality injera and stewed vegetables?  Moreover, there was NO additional injera with which to eat the food, only the lone piece that was the "plate" and "wrapper."  Very disappointing.In DC, a sampler can be purchased for $10 (less in some restaurants), which will come with one if not two pieces of injera (other than the "plate"/ "wrapper").I appreciate that this restaurant is in Pittsburgh, and I would encourage people to try it to enjoy a different style of eating and cuisine.  However, please don't judge all Ethiopian restaurants by this one.  It is sufficient when there aren't better options in the area, but it pales in comparison to the quality and price of many DC area (aka Little Ethiopia!!) restaurants.Being the only Ethiopian restaurant in town, you really don't have a choice but go here if you're in the mood for Ethiopian. The spongey bread wasn't what made this a three for me, it was the serving sizes and the somewhat blandish dishes. The service was also pretty slow, but pleasant enough. I got the lamb entree with the two sides and I don't even remember exactly what they tasted like.This is the least good Ethiopian I've ever had. That's not to say it was bad, but it was the least good, I'm trying really hard not to say worst here, OK. I've had so much Ethiopian and Eritrean in every city I've lived and it is, hands down, one of my favorite foods to eat forever ever, so I was so bummed because it's been over a year since I've had it. It should be a rich and insanely nuanced food and everything here was...bland. Like, actually, really bland, which I didn't even think possible. I'm so sad. I didn't take home the leftovers. This is notable because: Why would I do that? and I never have leftovers when I go out for Ethiopian. Here's the rudest comment I'll ever make on yelp--if you believe this is great, it's the only Ethiopian you've ever had. I know Pittsburgh is at a huge disadvantage over a D.C. or a Berkeley, CA--there's ready access to all necessary ingredients and dense populations of Ethiopians. Please go to Adams Morgan in D.C. and pick a restaurant, almost any one really, and I guarantee a mouth explosion. My mouth is watering thinking about it. *sigh*I hope Tana can improve. I really, really, really do. Please. Please?I am a fairly regular eater of Ethiopian cuisine, and usually have a lot of choices in my hometown. However while I'm here, there is only one choice. The food is nowhere near authentic, but it's enough to satisfy a craving. I've been here in several occasions, and the staff has always been friendly, quick, and attentive. Despite not being a huge fan of the food, I was always willing to return. But no more. My waitress was non existent for most of my dining experience, and unpleasant when she was. I tried to order a meat entree with two of the same side (I really like greens)  and she wouldn't let me make that decision. In fact, what I really wanted was a full sized meat portion and a full sized vegetable portion for the leftovers. Instead of being able to convey what I wanted, I was interrupted and pressured into ordering something I didn't want.The two other tables seated in the restaurant both received their food first, although they were seated after me and larger portions. This always drives me crazy, but I was willing to let that go. When my food finally arrived, my waitress set it down and simply walked away. The portions seemed very uneven, and my lentils were cold. But the real issue was that I did not receive injera to eat my meal with. After reviewing their menu, it may just be that they do not serve their meals with a spare slice of injera to eat with, although I have been given one every time I've been there. I thought maybe my waitress had just forgotten it, and decided to eat with just what was on the plate, and ask her when she returned. That would have been fine, had she not disappeared for twenty minutes. When she did arrive, I did receive injera, finished my meal and paid. The kicker-- I was charged for the injera. I have never been charged for it before. At any Ethiopian restaurant. I am so unhappy with my service two nights ago that I will not be returning. It's not worth it now that their staff is no longer welcoming and friendly, and certainly isn't worth it for cold vegetables and charges for one piece of injera to be served with your meal.Seriously?I must have come on an off day.

Voodoo Lounge:

-confusion on which server had my table.

Last note about those screens - apparently they can be used to pay for one's bill.  As someone who's lived in Silicon Valley and hung out with many, many, a computer expert...when it comes time to pay your bill, please RUN from these wireless terminals.  Keep your credit card info safe.  Have the restaurant run your card the old-fashioned way!I was not happy with what I ate. I ordered the 3 variety fajitas. I had to send it back due to the steak being so raw.  The rice was cold and the beans were dry. Now, I'm not sure if I want to go back. Quite frankly I've had better Mexican food elsewhere.Olive Garden of Mexican food.  There's something really cheesy about Abuelos.  As for the food, well Espos the little run down taco shop a block away is twice as good as Abuelos.  Abuelos food is not bad but it's definitely not great.Showed up at 940 the other night. The place closed at 10 You would have thought I shot the Hostesses dog. She informed us that they close in 20 minutes and we better be prepared to eat fast.  We were out of there by 10 20.  Should not let teenagers who want to go home greet customers.We have gone several times and the food has been delicious and service excellent. Today we got chicken tortilla soup and a quesadilla to go and Ohmygod!!!! The chicken tortilla soup was the most disgusting soup I've ever had...it was like it was all of the leftover chicken pieces. There wasn't a single solid piece of chicken just chicken fat and strange parts of the chicken. The quesadilla was soggy and had bell peppers in it? I don't know I was shocked...we threw everything out and went back out for soup we felt comfortable consuming.Another horrible experience. We had a large party.  39 minutes before we got drinks, 72 minutes until food arrive.   Absolutely sucks.  Yeah yeah "it's busy".  Was the excuse.  It always is.  Food was ok.  Don't order a quesadilla and expect it.  It's a funky tostada with cheese.  Sucks.Waitress and atmosphere are good. I got chicken fajita, and it was cold...usually my fajitas sizzle on my plate, it was barely warm to touch. And was very bland and flavorless. Wouldn't come back or recommend it to anyone :/In all honesty, I LOVE NORDYS! And I do LOVE MAC. But,.....................

-The most vibrant, electric, blinding eyeshadow. Whenever she takes our order, or rings us up she always rushes.  Rushing leads to confusion, confusion leads to pissed off customers and bad reviews.  She kept on saying "extra charge for credit,  so i give turon .50 cents, .50 cents!!" In her mind that means, I'll say the charge is .50 cents, but its really a few bucks, and I wont give you any turon- ___-

Mongolian beef was allright. The sauteed bok choy was good. My tip for the owner of the restaurant:

4.  Attentive staff, particularly our bellman (Eric?).BAD NEWS -1.  We booked nine nights total and one of the rooms ... literally .... faced a concrete wall!

Whatever you do...do NOT do the timeshare tour..they said it would take 90 minutes and it lasted for 4 hours!!!!!!!! They wouldn't take no for an answer and wouldn't let my party leave..it was crazy! Very disrespectful!!  Also, checking in at the hotel grandview which is a sister property there were hidden fees that weren't mentioned when they talked to us over the phone, the reservations people weren't available to book our stay during the days and hours stated on their info booklets given to us, etc...a huge mess and very stressful.

It was a shame that we couldn't decide what to tip our horrible waiter; a charge of $61 was added to our bill of over $400 for his tip!over priced, tiny portions and horrible service But ambiance and the view were beautiful.Typically I would write a detailed review, but I'm too tired and too annoyed with getting suckered into trying restaurants based on raving reviews that are completely over-hyped and off the mark. Here is Giada in two words: over-priced and mediocre. If you can't get reservations to this place (we tried for 6 months before getting in) don't feel bad - you are missing nothing!!!Buyer beware! I was really looking forward to dining here after being a Giada fan for a long time but left very disappointed and very questionable I would ever be back. Food and service were extremely subpar especially given the prices. The best part was probably the ambiance -- it is a beautiful space overlooking the Strip. We went for lunch so the sun shining in the dining room was nice.We started with an order of the olives. They were supposed to be warm as noted on the menu but they were room temperature. Not a good way to start but the complimentary bread (it was like pizza crust) with pesto made up for it.We ordered:

~Bread PuddingI have real beef with this place.............WHY ON EARTH DID YOU DO AWAY WITH THE MEATLOAF SANDWICH?  Baaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh..........so pissed!  I LOVED that sandwich.  :(The pancakes lack luster and their quiche isn't anything like my mom's.  Their attempt at French-American cuisine is mediocre and a waste of my time to be perfectly honest!NEXT..............please!?!?We came here for dinner and it was not very good.  We hadn't been to Mimi's in years and wanted to give it another shot.  We left quite disappointed and saying that we would not return any time soon.  We started out with the crab something-or-other (can't remember the name of it) and they were deep fried balls with some crab and other veggies inside.  They were ok. We also started out with the shrimp bruscetta with toast.  That was just ok.  The waitress had forgotten to bring our bread, we had to ask for it.  We thought maybe they had done away with that practice.  My daughter had the tomato bisque soup and that was really good.For dinner my husband had the chicken fried steak, my first daughter had the kids' spaghetti and marina and the other daughter had the lobster ravioli (3 course special).  I had the chicken pasta dish.  The chicken fried steak dinner looked like it had been taken out of the freezer, defrosted, and served to him.  There was absolutely nothing good about it.  The meat was very salty (as if it was preservative-laden).  The kids' meal was fine.  The lobster ravioloi was really good but the sauce was way too rich and hard too eat too much of it before you started feeling "gross". And my meal was pretty decent.  The chicken was encrusted in panko and cooked really well.  If I were to go back, it would be to try their breakfast. Maybe its more of a breakfast place, I don't know.  But we will never return for dinner.  I really love the ambiance of this place - so its disappointing that the food doesn't live up to the rest of the place.  It could be such a fun dining experience, and very family oriented.So, I like the food at Mimi's- but the service is a whole other story. I went there for breakfast with some old friends yesterday, and I've never been so frustrated in my whole life. Well maybe, but at the time, I was about to lose my mind. First off, the waitress took forever to even come take our drink orders, let alone our meal orders. And she was not friendly. Second off, the food took about 40 minutes, which was ridiculous. Never got an apology. Third off, I ordered a smoothie and she didn't bring it out. Asked her for it 2 or 3 times, and when I finally got it I was already done with the rest of my food and didn't want it. My friend never received her tea and was still charged for it. Fourth off, we asked for separate checks and I think it took her a solid three times to get it right. Fifth off, she never said SORRY for anything. Thank goodness they have good muffins, because that is the ONLY thing that will keep me coming back..A regular here...but service seems to be going down  Visits are coming less frequent..  I had a late breakfast today.  Asked to be seated in the Winery room....it almost seemed to be putting them out?  The greeter had to go check.  I was surprised when I was taken back and a booth was vacant as well as all but 2 tables.  A smile and "we would be glad to seat you there" would have gone a long way.   Those that frequent this business know the room directly forward past the counter must have bad acoustics's...it is too noisy... so I didn't want to sit there.After ordering I had to ask for coffee refills...not offered or taken care of.  Cup sat empty twice.  I felt like I was being ignored?Service was very slow today.  Ironically the manager came by asking how things were before the food came...I complained (Not something I normally do) ...it was taking long....his response was " there is only one server in the room" and walked away.  No..." I will check on it", or an apology of sort...more of an excuse.  ....perhaps the manager should pitch in and help if the server needs help?   Soon they won't have as many to serve.On previous recent visits we have noticed the bread basket that used to come automatically, now seems to have to be asked for.  And it has taken asking more than once in some cases.  Sad to see a local business going down the way this seems to be going.  We have enjoyed them for years, and recommended them to many.I almost rated this as a 1 star rather than 2.  But I don't like giving negative feedback.  I am more of a silent complainer....I just quit going to a place and take my business elsewhere.I am so sad- I used to be such a fan of Mimi's Cafe.  Large menu, reasonable prices, friendly service, good food... Now, many of those things seem to have gone downhill.  They still have a large menu with reasonable prices, but while our server was adequate, she was not friendly by any stretch of the imagination.  I don't think she smiled once while we were there- it was like she was a robot on autopilot.  One of my friends had a question about one of the items on the menu, and it was answered very curtly.  The food was.. okay.  I got the turkey, brie, and cranberry croissant sandwich, and it was fine.  A little on the dry side.  It came with French fries, and I swear, this was the most paltry serving of fries I've ever seen.  I know it was lunchtime, but jeez!! I kind of wanted to say, "are you kidding?"My friends said that their food was fine, but nothing special.  I guess I'll have to cross Mimi's off my casual dining list.  So sad...There's only one problem with Mimi's, and it's the food!The design and concept are great, but the food itself is some of the worst in Summerlin.  It's hard to mess up breakfast foods, but they managed to serve lumps of overcooked eggs and undercooked bacon.  Their croissants are doused in butter, and not even in a good way.Le disgusting.  (I doubt my French is very good, but it's still better than Mimi's)I dislike Mimi's Cafe.  I always have.  I decided that, after a few years of avoidance that they would improve.  I was dead wrong.  Mimi's is still meh.  I had breakfast there with my mother while my father was in surgery down the street.  I ordered croissants, which were delicious, but the actual meal of potatoes, bacon, and eggs was horrid.  It was chewy bacon with bland eggs and oily potatoes. Ew.Sorry, but I dislike Mimi's for many reasons, all of which relate to their food and sad service.Went about 1 month ago.  It was not good.  They were out of several items.  It was slow service.  They changed the menu and our two favorite items were gone.  The food we got was not very good for what we paid.  We have not been back again.  There are other places on every corner and up and down each street.    The server was nice and we could tell she was not responsible for the changes and she was feeling it in tips and number of tables she got a night.So I guess Mimi's exists to do to French cuisine what Olive Garden does to Italian...insult the sh$% out of it.I've had better frozen microwavable meals out of Trader Joe's.The only redeeming quality came out of the fresh table rolls.Forget this place.I had the Eggs Benedict.  The English muffin was like cardboard (OK, that may be a little flattering), and the sauce was flavorless and failed to add anything to the eggs.  The juice came in something akin to a shot glass.  There are lots of better choices to get breakfast in Las Vegas than this place.Decided to go to Mimi's for some Sunday night comfort food. What the heck is happening to Mimi's? Can you choose a menu and stick with it for a while? The constantly changing menu is incredibly aggravating. So..... we try to order dinner. How about the salad with salmon? NO - off the menu! The waiter said it can still be ordered but with honey mustard dressing? no, no, no, - Mimi's no longer has honey mustard dressing. WHAT? We asked if the hamburgers were 4 or 8 ounces as 8 ounces is too much and food is wasted. He said 4 ounces (with confidence) and when we asked him to double check, he walked over to the mgr. and came back determined they are 4 ounces. We ordered a burger - it was big and didn't look like a 1/4 pound. We mentioned this to our server and he said "Well, they used to call it the French Quarter so it must be a 1/4 pound". Really? For fun, we asked him to check with the chef. He came back and said "it's 7.9 ounces". Well, there goes your French Quarter theory, young man. The food was so-so, service was okay but the waiter could have made more $$$ if he knew the menu and could have bothered to check with the kitchen staff who might actually know the size of the burger patty. Overall, we did have dinner but there are way too many places to eat in ANY town to bother with Mimi's.VERDICT: Bring your own butter...better yet, bring your own food.I don't get this restaurant at all.  What is it suppose to be?  A family restaurant?  A French restaurant?  A New Orleans restaurant?  Because it fails with all of that.  The menu consists of rather bland caf fare.  There is Chicken Cordon Bleu on the menu.  Rather than actual Cordon Bleu, it is deep-fried chicken served with a bright yellow mustard sauce that they have the guts to call Dijon sauce.  The room we were in was decorated as if we were in a New Orleans caf, ironically painted with the names of fun, Cajun dishes that were not on the menu.I ended up getting the ravioli...I know, I know, how French is that?  The sauce would made Chef Boyardee seem gourmet and the ravioli seemed fresh from the freezer. We went with Greg's mother, who I refer to as the Dairy Queen.  She became absolutely disgusted that they didn't serve real butter with the bread.  It tasted as if it was Promise, a butter substitute.  She, after finishing with her unbridled disgust, decided to bring her own butter with her on any future trips to Mimi's Caf.  I, on the other hand, was not offended by the butter substitute, but will not be returning to Mimi's ever again, with or without my own butter.On Thu/11 Dec about 11 am had the $18.99 NY Steak & Eggs; the menu says the steak was aged for 29(?) days:

- Hiking up cover charges without tell you until you're about to pay

Kinda pricy for melted ice cream.

Service was average.

Not blown away by the food (isn't that really what I came for?)I mean, it's clever. It seems like a really cool Italian Rustica Kitchen, so you're paying for the ambiance. If you're okay with that, go...but know that you're not going to get anything above Olive Garden quality.Sorry : (I haven't been to a Macaroni Grill in years, since most of the locations around me had shut down. I was on business in the area, and decided to give it a go with a couple of associates. The restaurant itself looked exactly like I remembered; kind of old world Italian vibe with a little rustic, industrial thrown in for good measure. Not as formal or touristy looking as Olive Garden, but in the same ballpark. We were seated immediately, and the waitress was friendly. She seemed very confused about what was on draft when we inquired. I got the lowdown, which wasn't all that impressive. They were certainly very concerned with selling us on their wine special, and prix fixe menu.The bread was pretty good, but the waitress put way too much cracked pepper in the olive oil. It was a sea of black pepper and a few sprinkles of olive oil. The pace of the dinner was good, although the second round of drinks was slow. My food was OK with pasta that was a little too rubbery in texture. The "stuffed" portion of the pasta was a little cold, as if they'd been frozen and reheated. There are probably lots of better Italian restaurants in the area that are better.Not horrific but this isn't the same restaurant that I used to get exceptional cuisine from years ago during lunch hours.  Dcor still looks great and the place is clean which is a definite bonus.  Too many disappointing visits as of late when it comes to what is being served out of the kitchen and culminating with my last visit this past week.  Cold food and indifferent service.  I wonder how long this location will last?Not a fan of Panda Express. I just don't like processed food. You can have fast food that's fresh, think Chipotle. Panda Express beats out a hamburger joint on a health scale, but it's not much better.So I've been to this location several times. The first time-no problem, the last two times there have been problems-mostly communication. I really don't have time to teach English while placing my order. Also, plan ahead- don't wait to make chow mein and rice when you've already run out. We purposely sat at a table while chow mein was made so they didn't give us the dried out looking old chow mein in the bowl. Lastly, act like you care about what you're doing. The staff the last couple of times just seemed so Stepford Wife about it all-going through the motions without any idea of the purpose. They seem to run out of the popular items a lot. Again, planning ahead would be a plus. When there are commercials out about new items on the menu, people are going to order them, so let's try having some prepared.Panda Express, I wish I could quit you! Especially after I stupidly keep coming back to this location. The staff here can't multi-task. When they try to, that's when people's food starts to get mixed up and down and around. Let's focus on one person at a time. That's great that you want to help 10 people at a time but again the staff can't handle that. Especially Jesus, good luck at successfully telling him you'd like a 3 item entree. *slow blinks* He's way too flustered. You guys write what I want on my container so why do I constantly have to remind you for the third item like 5 times? The last time I was here there was nobody else and I waited too long to get service. We were acknowledged by a staff member sweeping but....................I guess his brain wasn't sending signals to his feet that day to walk over immediately to take our order.  Eventually something clicked up there that paying customers were waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting to get service. OMGCraving Chinese, so we went back to this location today. Chow Mein bowl is threads away from being empty, but do you think they were making any? NO. Same thing happened the last time I was here. I think they may need to install some type of monitor to let the cooks know when the Chow Mein is almost gone. The young lady serving the food was very nice, but she was literally doing everything while the 2 cooks  just stared at the food cooking...and by food, I don't mean Chow Mein. When we first got there we were the only ones in line. By the time we left there was a line 7 deep...know what they were waiting for? CHOW MEIN. To the owners/managers of this particular franchise. You really should read what people are writing. The food tastes good, but honestly I will drive a little further to get better service, or at least Chow Mein that is made with some forethought.I went there for dinner and the service and food was terrible.  The staff was rude, didn't even say hi when we entered and when they didn't ring up my order correctly was upset with me?  The sauce was watered down and was more rice than the chicken.  Too many options in this area.This used to be the best, a little pricey, but delicious when they were located by Fiesta Mall.  But, now it's just overpriced small portions which are still very good tasting.  You pretty much need to order 2 fish and chip dinners to get 1 good meal which makes the price absolutely ridiculous.  Another great classic food joint that moved into an expensive lease and now can't remember what made them successful.  Too bad.You definitely get what you pay for. I took everyone's advice and showed up to get my puppies vaccinated at 5:45 a.m.This part was actually the best part of my whole experience seeing as I was first in line. I had to take my 4 young kids with me because my husband works very early in the morning. The clinic opened at 6:15 and we really didn't have to wait very long to be seen. As soon as I was taken back I was promptly told that my children could not touch anything or move around at all. ok, fair enough. I wasn't planning on letting them trash the place. Then the dr commented on the fact that I should have brought four more leashes. I want to mention that my kids were doing absloutly nothing wrong. They were honest to goodness just standing there. My daughter mentioned that they were mainly out door dogs. The dr snapped at me asking why we even had dogs. I assured her they were inside quite a bit as well. Then I mentioned she seemed crabby. She apologized ( kind of) and said she just wasn't used to children. Well, welcome to the public lady. Kids are a part of life. I asked a question about the frequency of the shots and she looked at me like I was an idiot and said she had just told me the answer. obviously not well enough because I was still confused. Over all the price is right and if you get there by 5:45 the wait is not so bad. But the customer service is awful. I will not be going back.My husband and I usually stop at this chilis when we do go. We usually don't have a bad experience, but today I went with my family and the overall experience was not good. The chips and salsa were great.. But they always are! There were not that many people on this Sunday afternoon but our server was not very attentive.. He was friendly of course but walked by us several times at a decent pace while we had empty drinks. Our food was brought out by someone different who didn't ask us if we needed anything else along with our meal. He walked away relatively quickly but he too was very friendly. Our server never came to our table after the food was served to ask how it was or if we needed anything. We had to get his attention because of course we did have a small request. My chicken was a bit too salty.. And I rarely say that because I love salt! They also had arizonas fox center playing on the tv and speaker.. Then about 25 minutes in we noticed that it was just on repeat? Not sure why but we had to listen to the entire broadcast twice. Then toward the end, a group of employees sat in the booth behind us and started talking relatively loud and cussing.. Now granted I understand I was sitting in one of the booths on the bar side my younger sister, but considering there was no one there.. I felt that it was not necessary to yell. We don't eat at chilis very often but when we do return I will consider a different location.Corey is our "server" and he is super fake. The main reason I know this is because when we were walking in he was clocking in and was adamant to let the girl (his female room partner) that he was now on.  She was the one that took our drink order, she also brought out our food and even took an order for us for fried pickles when she brought our app.  Corey was complaining in the kitchen when she let him know because our meals were already ordered, so I let him know that it didn't matter whenthe pickles came out.  He spends a lot of time trying to rack up the check but not taking care of the table. As a server, it doesn't matter how much my bill is, there is potential for a great tip.  Corey also does not know how to prebus or stop at the table when asking if the meal tastes good. I am pretty sure he is one of the servers that tjinks he will make more by having lots of tables instead of giving quality service.   If Jessica was our actual server then the rating would have been better.  She helped us more than our supposed server.Food is Chili's, it's the same everywhere.  Not great, but not bad. Decent.Our server was very nice, had a great sense of humor.  That is the 2 stars for tonight.  Went in to satisfy my Fajita craving, Chili's has always had the best Fajitas ever.  Not anymore.  What is a pickled jalapeo ? Is there anything wrong with sour cream that it needs Cumin added?  I was so disappointed & worse than that, as a previous reviewer mentioned, the water tasted moldy!  Both of us went home feeling hungry.My wife and I dropped in to get something to go a week or two ago.  It was a Tuesday night, practically empty.  We ordered a sirloin and the crispy chicken tacos.  I'm not sure what the problem was, but it took 30 full minutes to get our meal.  While my tacos were good, the steak was very cold (I live within walking distance of this location, it wasn't the drive home).  All around a disappointing visit.No one goes to a chain restaurants and expects awesome service. But today our service was beyond horrible. No drink refills unless we asked, 30 minutes to get an appetizer that we ordered twice. And hair in our food when the place was nearlt empty and had tons of servers dping nothing. Won't be going backI really don't have very high expectations for generic chain restaurants like Chiles and my experience at this location reinforced my view. I had Lousy slow service in the bar even on a weeknight when it wasn't the slightest bit busy. The Restaurant area was dirty and there was a group of People smoking cigarettes outside right in front of the door.The Burgers were decent but they came out warm (not hot), and the fries were soggy (probably was sitting around for a while).I will never eat at On the Border again unless someone else is paying for it.  The service here was terrible and once we were seated our chips were too salty to eat.  The food was nothing like what I was looking for in a Mexican food restaurant.  This was one of the first restaurants I ate at after moving out here a year ago.  I'm still on the search for great Mexican food in the Mesa/Gilbert area.I know people that really like this place, but I'm not one of them.I have been saving money to get married recently, but we got a gift card for OTB, Chilis, Macaroni Grill or someother place I haven't heard of (Italian).  We always go to Chili's so we decided to go here.  I have been to other locations twice before and each experience was okay.  The chips were okay and the salsa was great.  It seemed fresh.  We got good service and the fiancee ordered a margarita which was tasty.  I just didn't enjoy the food as much as I do at a more authentic Mexican resaurant.  I ordered a chicken chimichanga and rice and beans and the refried beans have not been my favorite and nothing about the experience was bad there, but I just have no desire to go back any time soon.  The service was good, but this place was sort of blah.  If I lived back in Pennsylvania, it would be okay Mexican food, but out here in AZ it is nothing to go crazy for.We went and the service was slow and our food was wrong.  I won't go back.I went to Office Max to get a new router. When I walked in I went to the router section and the one I wanted was not in stock. Bummer. OK so I don't know jack about computers, so needless to say I needed some help. I was the only person in the store and could not find a salesperson anywhere. I stood around for awhile. A guy finally saw me and asked if i needed something. Of course I did, i was a blond fish out of water (not a good combo). I began asking him about what to do with this stuff, and he seemed less then interested. So I ended up buying a more expensive model. When I got to the register apparently it was not working. Doesn't Office Max deal in computers? Anyway, it took about 20 min to make my purchase. The store was clean but the staff was way less then stellar.I used to shop at Officemax often, but no more.I got a card in the mail good for $10 off a purchase of $50 or more.

Yes, its nice, clean and new but there was nothing special about any of it.

Visit #3 - Our burgers were overcooked, the patties were falling apart in the bun.  Both the fries and onions were cold and had pools of grease at the bottom of their containers.  The batter was completely falling off the onions.  0 stars.

Unfortunately, they dissappointed big time on both factors.  The fries were room temperature at best and, frankly, mushy.  I did not find one fry in the bag that offered any resistance to the tooth.  I ended up throwing away basically all of them.  The burger was okay I guess, not very juicy and really-would it kill you to put on at least salt and pepper?? I can't see this place lasting long especially with places like Delux around, hell even Wendy's has better burgers IMHO.5 Guys is an odd name, but whatever works for you.  This burger joint claims to be one of the best around the nation.  Just look at all the signs they post and how proud they are; granted I appreciate confidence.  Burgers here are mediocre - nothing to rave about and crave for during those sleepless nights.  Fries are my favorite since they're real chopped potatoes.  Atmosphere...what I can't hear you?  Yeah, I generally don't enjoy places where I have to debate whether to dance or eat :(YES, I am only give Five Guys 2 stars! Can you believe it? Me, the woman who raved about having a Five Guys in the area. The woman, who LOVED, LOVED, LOVED Five Guys when I lived in Virgina. This Five Guys does not even begin to compare to how they do it in VA. I was so excited about getting a burger and fries today. I mean I was "cheating" by going for a burger and fries instead of working out. Walking into this Five Guys I was excited. The staff were friendly, the place was spotless, and they were getting orders out fast. So I ordered my little bacon cheeseburger with jalapenos, mustard, grilled onions and mushrooms and a order of regular fries. About 7 mins later I was out the door and headed home. The food smelled heavenly in the bag and I couldn't wait to get home to devour my meal. I get home, open the bag and grabbed a few fries. Yum, we are off to a good start. I dig to the bottom of my bag and grab my burger. I slowly unwrap it, take a bite, and say WTF? Where is the meat? I swear that burger lacked flavor and meat. I mean I remember when even the little burger was still to big. Yes I know that the little bacon cheeseburger means it only comes with one patty, but does it have to be the thinnest hamburger patty ever? I mean McDonald's even has a bigger burger than this sandwich did. I was so disappointed. The best part of my sandwich was the bacon and the toppings since the actual burger was more like spread. At least I had enough fries to feed myself and two friends and they were pretty good. So two stars. One star for the fast friendly service and one star for all the fries I could eat and for the bacon on my burger. Otherwise you get a big fat FAIL!!!!!!! I may give you a chance to redeem yourself in a few months but the next time I go, you had better bring it! PS I ended up going to work out anyway since I was so disappointed! FAIL!Too expensive.  Griddle fried on a flat top doesn't compare to charbroiled like at Lenny's or Steakenburger.Fries are real, fresh cut, but limp & oily.  Meat is only 1/5th of a pound for basic burger, and they charge over $4 bucks for that?  outrageous, and the final straw.One star extra for the peanuts, though.Five guys, you are still letting me down. You are nowhere near as good as you were in VA. I gave you another try tonight and all I can say is WHERE'S THE BEEF? Your patties are so thin and it appears that the only way I will actually be able to taste the burger on the bun is if I order a regular cheeseburger which consist of two patties. I should be able to order a little cheeseburger and still be able to taste the actual burger. I will wait another six months or so to give you one final try here in Arizona before I give up on you all together. Sad, just sad!PS Your fries are still pretty good and the service was great but your burgers here in Arizona really do leave something to be desired .Burgers are bland. Whats the big deal? Fries are good. In-n-Out is much better!I fell for the hype.Novelties like free peanuts and the new automated touch screen soda fountains, does not guarantee good food.First the french fries.  They are not shoe string fries and shouldn't be advertised as such.  You expect a crispy fry because of the lack of thickness... these are only a smidge smaller than steak fries and with that, more soggy and less crispy.  You do get a boat load of them though.Secondly, this is not fast food.  You sit and wait just like at a Fuddruckers.  Not having a wait staff to bring you your food does not make a fast food joint.  It's slower than IN and OUT, but faster than a Red Robin.There seems to be a trend in them advertising things that they are not.  Maybe I'm spending to much time watching the food network, but if you are going to say something is a certain thing, it should be, yes?I've got to agree with some of the other disappointed customers, the burgers are flat taste wise.  Having an extensive "condiment" list can't compensate for that.  The toppings pale in comparison to the quality you'd get on a double-double elsewhere.  I'm also pretty sure the grilled mushrooms are canned (try getting a grilled flavor out of something that is waterlogged)Lastly 13 bucks for a bacon double, fries and a soft drink is not worth it.Maybe being in Phoenix and having IN and OUT's for fresh burgers and Fatburger's for the expanded line of condiments (who doesn't love a fried egg on their cheese burger) just kinda spoiled me in that I can't see coming back.  Because 5 guys is kind of an expensive combination of the two, but does nothing better than them.But hey, if free peanuts is your thing, have at it.Still like the burgers here, although things have been going more and more downhill recently.     Noticed that the service has gotten somewhat sloppy and what you order may not necessarily be what you get.      The last two times I've requested BBQ sauce on my burger, I've got an absolutely dry burger with nothing on it, or I've gotten it absolutely coated full of mayo, so BBQ must be some sort of code for "surprise me."          Burgers are still pretty decent but if your order keeps getting screwed up, that's not a lot of incentive to keep coming back again and again.I have no idea what the buzz is about unless they hired a good PR agency. The burgers are as average as possible which makes the place over priced. Try Smashburger or Lucky Boy if you want a really great burger.It's way over priced for what you get.  The burgers are good the frys are soggy and undercooked and they're not shoe-string like advertised.  You can go to Hamburger Works and the best burger in Phoenix.  You can get a "great big one" with everything including a large 1/2 pound of fresh beef for much less than 5 guys charges.  I also didn't like having to buy frys for 2 for $3.00.  A small burger, frys and a drink cost almost $13.  I tried it once but I won't go back.Five Guys is a chain-franchise masquerading as a local burger joint. Their burgers are all right but overpriced and greasyGreat food and friendly staff but you can't have a conversation with anyone at your table because they play the music so loud you have to scream to be heard.  Turn the music down and I'll come back.  If not there are plenty of other restaurants in this busines center.The customer is NOT always right. Don't try to order your French fries the way you like it...  They'll tell you NO and let you know they only make French Fries one way!  Read it and weep people. I hate that the counter lady was so blunt about it. At least smile and tell me no next time... If there is a next time at this location. They have an amazing burger and they know it. Too bad the unfriendly customer service will prevent me from coming back because I really, really, really like their burgers but the juice isn't always worth the squeeze.Overpriced mediocre food in a loud open dining area. The music was so loud I couldn't hear the person behind the counter, much less the person I was eating with. Not worth it.I had never been here so I thought I'd give it a shot the burgers are okay not the best and my main complaint is the music is way too loud and the cook yelling out orders is very rude and annoying not sure if I'll be backHow hard is it to get two burgers right? Staff was too busy chatting with each other. My tomatoes went on my wife's burger while her onions went on mine. Ticket was correct, assembly was wrong.The owners of Some Burros need to do a secret shop to see what is happening at their restaurant.We were in the mood for good mexican food and decided to give them a try.  When we came in and ordered, we began to feel that we may have made the wrong choice.  The kid at the counter had no interest in being there.  I understand that a job as a cashier is not ideal, but try your best to make the most of it.  My wife ordered a beer to which the kid responded "whatever".  I assume that is because he could not take the order due to his age, but his attitude seemed to be the norm at what is loosely described as a restaurant.The food was horrendous.  My wife's taco shells were old and the beef tasted off.  All of our food was luke warm at best, just like the two beers we ordered.  The kid that brought out our food was kind enough, but his kindness could not make up for the quality of the food.  We left a comment card with my phone number so I could chat with the manager about the experience to give them the benefit of the doubt.  I don't want things for free, I just want owners to know what is going on so they can make their business better.  I did not get a call which leads me to believe either the comment card was tossed or the message did just not get through.Some Burros could be great, but they need to get back to basics.Three times they have left out items for our order. Strike three, we won't be going back. Food is ok about the same as a filibertos but without the competence of a hole in the wall restaurant. Too bad this was my wife's favorite place to go when she was pregnant.Horrible salsa and awful, stale chips. Mediocre fish tacos and they don't have black beans! Seriously?I'd go to Taco Bell before I'd go back to Some Burros. Food order was wrong, tamales were bland, and tacos fell apart the moment they were picked up. Back to Serranos we go.Eh. Better then Taco Bell. That's not saying much, though.You ask what motivated me to come here?  Apparently they arbitrarily decided that Friday (7/24) was "National Margarita Day".  In actual fact there is a National Margarita Day, and it's Feb 22.  But when they declare an all-day happy hour, fine...it's "National Margarita Day" as far as I'm concerned.So we get one each of the two types of margarita they sell, plus they had $3 appetizers.  So we ordered the mini chimis, taquitos, and red chile beef cheese crisp.  Plus a side of rice.  I did NOT like the cheese crisp.  Ever smell chili powder?  That's what the red beef tasted like.  Chili powder.  My wife was a bit more forgiving, but I stopped after about 1/2 piece.The mini chimis were fine.  Nothing special.  In fact, less than nothing special.  "Underwhelming" leaps to mind.The taquitos tasted like those Delimex ones at Costco...you know, the ones they sample in the store trying to get you to buy the 2000 taquito box in the case behind them?  Yeah, those.  Again, totally underwhelming.But the rice was flavorful.  I liked that.The margaritas were sad.  It's a good thing we only paid $1 for them or I'd be upset.But, after years of seeing this place, I've finally tried it and proven that I was correct not to come here before.  I won't be coming back, either.  Better than Taco Bell, sure.  But why would you want to do either?  Even with "happy hour" pricing it's not worth it.As my family will tell you, I tend to lean toward more bland food and can't do spicy.  However, I ordered the chicken enchiladas and they were too bland for even me.  The chicken had no flavor at all and the corn tortillas had the same flavor as cardboard.  The only reason I gave it 2 stars was because the lettuce was good.Salsa tasted like uncooked catchup.  Red sauce on chimi tasted like a salt lick.  The local chain Mexican tastes twice as good.Agree with the previous reviewer...meh.  We tried Fast Eddie's for breakfast with a family member who was in town.  Service was ok.  Food was okay, but the pancakes definitely seemed like they were from a mix.  I also think I had some sickness later due to the food, so that is definitely a mark against them.  At least it was a decent value.  All things considered, with all the other breakfast options in the area that I do like, I doubt that I'll be back.I went with 3 other friends for breakfast today. This place sure doesn't look much like a diner to me. I was expecting to see a 50's diner decor inside and instead it was a remodeled Village inn. The food was OK - just OK. I don't know what they cook their eggs and hash browns in, but it made them taste weird. Must be the type of grease they use on their grill. The service was all right but I don't think I'll be back. There's many other places to go for a good breakfast in the West Valley to waste a meal on this place.Are meal took along time and when it finally came they got are order wrong and acted like it was are fault. And the cheeses burgers we ordered were bland and nothing special. I dont think I would have a reason to go back.Portions were small. Plus, they have a picture of pancakes with pecans and bananas. Looked delicious. Alternating layers of pancakes, nuts and fruit. Yummy. I ordered it and it looked like 3 plain pancakes. I asked where the toppings were and the server said inside the pancakes. They charge you an extra $1 per topping and I could barely taste them. Only in the very middle of the pancake. Quite a disappointment and nothing like the picture. We had a $20 groupon- food for 2 of us came to $15. I asked if they could throw on a dessert to make up the difference and I was told they don't have desserts. My son suggested bacon. Ok, can you throw in $5 worth of bacon? She says I can throw in $4. Fine whatever. She brings me the bacon in a to-go container (since all our dishes were cleared already). No problem, he just ate it out of the container. Imagine our surprise when we got the bill and even though we only bought $19 worth of food for a $20 groupon- we were also charged a "to-go fee". Honestly. for $20 you get twice the food at IHOP or Denny's. I didn't even have a side with my pancakes.This is really , really hard as we like to patronize non-corporate non-chain business'sbut this place was horrible . I am not talking about the 40 min. we had to wait for our food ,Hey it was new years day and a bit busy ...no problem  No I am speaking about the food . We ordered 2 burgers and what we got was small portions that were cold , dry & tasteless even the coffee was cold Our server was OK ...we never really saw him It is hard to put it into words ....The place just didn't feel rightI had the most awful night at Electric Circus, but I'll put it down to my universities' law students rather than the club itself. You see it was one of those organized student evenings that ended up in a club that was much smaller than appropriate with extremely dodgy music.I don't know what the music is like on a normal night, but going by it's name I reckon it's nothing close to what I personally like..hiphop, rnb etc. I remember bright blue flickering lights, a pretty small dance floor and an equally small bar making it quite difficult to grab something to drink. I feel a night which got quite crappy towards the end (which coincidentally was a Electric Circus) may have rubbed off on my impression of the club, so take my opinion with a pinch of salt.We had a hard time finding a restaurant rather than a pub our first night in Edinburgh so we were happy to stumble upon the Above at the Abbotsford.We thought the place was empty because of the football match that every pub had on the screen but as the night wore on we realized that wasn't it.I had the special which was a pork chop while my daughter had the fish n chips.  My meat was dry, tough and flavorless as was the sides on the plate.  The fish n chips were beyond the normal greasy.  For trying to be high end they missed the mark by far.This place should be a lot better than it actually is. It does food, cocktails and has wi-fi free when you buy something... and yet it just doesn't quite do it.It's right by the uni and so you'd assume it has student-friendly prices, but they're no actually that good: a single whisky and a small glass of house wine didn't give much change from 6 - even with student discount. Hardly ideal, especially there are so many other cheaper places with much better atmosphere well within walking distance.I ate there on a separate occasion, and my opinion remained lukewarm. They had all the clichd things you'd expect to find on the menu - chicken caesar salad, nachos, steak ciabatta etc etc etc, but it just wasn't anything to shout about.Don't get me wrong, there are some good things about Aspen. They have a huge downstairs area that you can hire for parties, and there's no denying the location is extremely convenient and central. But that's the problem... it's next door to an Italian, a Thai and an Indian restaurant which are all a much better shout if you're after food. Similarly, it's 10 seconds walk from the Brass Monkey or Biblos if you want drinks.It looks a lot better from the outside than it is once you step inside.Aspen is a modern studenty bar with lots of comfy seating  and plasma TV screens showing sporty things. It's one of those places that seems to fluctuate from being welcoming and friendly to unwelcoming and unfriendly depending on who is working. There is one woman who I swear is the coldest and rudest bar person I have ever had the misfortune to come across, she is the antithesis of what good customer service should be like (she's lost this place a star) - I once went in to enquire about a job after being reliably informed that they were looking for staff, she bluntly told me that they weren't looking for anyone and then tried to stare me out! Needless to say, I left pretty sharpish. Most of the time though it's a decent enough place to have a few after dinner drinks or an afternoon coffee. I wouldn't come to Clerk St especially for this place, but if you've been dining at Mother India and The Brass Monkey is packed, it's fine for a digestif.This place really should be far better than it is - everything right is there. Its a funky looking bar, large enough for groups, does food, has a cafe bar vibe during the day and free wi-fi, and yet, in the few times I have been there all of these things have combined to make something far from great. Firstly, this place is bloody expensive - and that in itself is a huge down fall as Aspen is clearly marketed towards students. Even thier weekly deals are far from good value - the promise of a pitcher of energy drink and vodka (complete with picture of huge glass jug full of drink) for only 5.99 yeilded a tiny - and I mean TINY- pitcher half full of ice and maybe a shot of vodka in it. Annoying.The staff also are something out of nightmare - while most are pleasent but awfully slow and just a bit rubbish, some are rude, angry and genuinly hostile. I should like this place, but the combination of being too expensive and terrible staff keep me well away from it.I'm not really sure what's going on with this place. There are massive TVs everywhere, which seems to be the theme of their bar as the friendly Yelpers before me have mentioned. Somehow this place just doesn't quite cut it though.I popped in here on a rainy night with two friends simply because we didn't want to walk any further, but it turned out to be the wrong choice of venue. I've got asthma and since the ban on smoking inside that hasn't been such a big deal for me. Unfortunately at this bar, people take it upon themselves to smoke in the open doorway, which meant that I had an asthma attack all the way at the back of the bar because the smoke drifted in that far. Can you say embarrassing? We changed seats three times in order to get away from it (and I felt like such a hassle because of it) but ended up leaving after it was clear that there was no getting away from it.I guess if you like big screen TVs instead of good company, this is the place to go. If you're -like me- asthmatic, do yourself a favour, run don't walk, run far far away!I've always seen this bar as a sports bar but when I was there last night myself and my friends looked around thinking it was the strangest sports bar we've ever seen. It seems like it tries to be a sports bar with the tv screens at each table but then the decor around it doesn't fit with the sports theme. For a bar so central to town I would have expected it to be hopping on a Saturday night but it was very quiet. I found the place to be quite boring and bland. They did have entertainment in the form of a guy playing his guitar and singing. Though when he stopped playing there was no other music put on and the place seemed so quiet that we thought it was closing until he started playing again! The drinks appeared to be cheap enough apart from some of the beers, and the girl that was serving me was friendly but other than that nothing appeals to me about this bar. I wouldn't choose to go there again.We hadn't been to native in ages and used to be regulars. Last night we had a disappointing experience. The server was horrendous. We heard everyone around us being told about the nightly special and hh specials... we weren't told of any specials. She asked what we wanted to drink, I asked if they have IPA and received a five second uncomfortable blank stare. My salt and pepper wings were drowning in grease (I literally squeezed them with napkins) but seemed they would have otherwise been delicious. She checked on us for the first time when we were almost finished.  My husband devoured two dozen hot wings and was pleased which is why I am giving two stars. Next time- take out for hubby and I'll run to chipotle!I went to Native New Yorker to pick up a pizza to go.  After the girl at the cash register helped three people who came in after me...I finally ordered and had a seat to wait.  During my wait I learned a lot.  I learned that the hostess station is where all the waitstaff get together to openly badmouth the customers that are currently eating.  I learned that the waitstaff also uses the hostess station to play grab ass.  I also learned that it was a lovely girls first night working at NNY.  She came in and advised the hostess of this and was greeted by the hostess with an enthusiastic and high pitched welcome.  After the new girl walked away to start her new job the hostess rolled her eyes, scoffed and poured out a slew of hateful, mean, hostile and curse ridden comments about the new girls appearance.  At this point my pizza was ready and I was more then ready to leave.  NNY is getting 2 stars because the pizza was subpar compared to the other slop that locals try to pass off as pizza here in AZ.Tried a Native New Yorker in Mesa when I first moved to the valley in 2010. Wasn't too impressed so never returned until recently, where we tried this location. This site was nice and new, I liked that. Bacon ranch chicken flatbread was very good, but that's where the fun ended. Service was a tad slow, and food came out ...just warm. By the time I was halfway through the dish it was cold. Looking at other reviews this seems to be a trend. On the plus side the wing sauces were good. Also, don't be fooled...their "BUFFALO" style fish sliders are nothing more than a fried fish sandwich with cayenne pepper sprinkled on top. Based on our experience it may be another four years until we try nny again.Ok so this is actually our 2nd time here. Let's just say the first time around was forgetful. We decided to try this place one more time since the kids wanted wings. Waiting for your food to come still takes forever and it wasn't even busy. The servers were nice but I can't bring myself to come here again.This is my first time coming to Native after the logo has changed ,but the second time overall. My first experience was repeated this next go around. . .Positives:

Other stuff witnessed:

I'll probably be paying extra for another color. Great.The manager, Kenedee,  at Papa Murphys is very rude. She totally ignored my husband when he went in to order our pizza. When I went back in with him the young man, Caleb, working there immediately acknowledged us and gave us great service. My husband talked to the manager about her rudeness and she denied doing it and rolled her eyes. Very unprofessional. I can't believe she is a manager or even employed serving customers. Beware.Limited selection with average prices. Came in bc if you search for a shop in Phoenix this comes up first. It would be a shame if someone drove across town to this place thinking it was the best in the area.. I walked in and instantly was disappointed by the lack of inventory... I don't know who would give this place 5 stars?!?... probably friends of the biz owner.. Some of the reviews sounds like commercials.. Worth checking out if 5 mins away but don't make this a destinationI got the Pork Belly Baguette and would not recommend it. In short, the pork belly tasted very greasy, and the bread may have been microwaved bc it was extremely chewy and tough. It's definitely not a $17 sandwich. I would've enjoyed a $7 barbecue pork sandwich or a decent burger better than this. I'd maybe give the place another try but definitely wouldn't get the Pork Belly again. Also don't be fooled with the lengthy description of their "house frites" for $6. They're your basic skinny French fries, with paprika on them.Ordered double Jack & Coke. Got Jack, Coke, and lots of ICE!! Filled the glass 70% with ice, a good jaw breaker. Price $13.00 + tip.15$ mimosa.  Mehh. Decent service for an airport bar. Menu was limited at my early Arrival. I opted for a liquid breakfast.I will admit, I do not have high expectations for airport food, but I've had much better food at other airports restaurants. The pork belly baguette was mediocre. The pork belly was so overdone, tough and chewy. The fries came out lukewarm and were overly salted with a heavy hand on the paprika as well. No bueno. The service was at least quick and friendly, but I'd pass on the food. Maybe the drinks at the bar are better. :/I had a 2 hour layover and wanted a sit down place for breakfast. Sat down at 9:50 and was told breakfast ended at 10, so the only eggs available were a French omelet. Four eggs supposedly and billed as coming with shoestring fries. It was 3 eggs at most, more likely 2 eggs with a couple of tablespoons of brown shoestrings that were garnish. Nothing else. Cost? $14 plus $3 for coffee. I know an airport meal is generally way overpriced, but this was out of line even for an airport.Walk a bit and go to Barrio in the D gates.OMG - I don't normally review unless I've had a complete experience - however what's giving them 2 stars is total price gouging. My wife and I were going to purchase two ready made chicken sandwiches on wheat bread - nothing special - sure they looked good enough to eat... but for $12 each - $24 for 2 sandwiches that were plastic wrapped, made who knows when, refrigerated... $24 really??? That's totally crazy! We ended up just a few doors down at Cartel Coffee Lab where for $7 each ($14) we bought two made to order sandwiches on ciabatta bread. That's more like it...Service is fine, wait for the upsell, it comes every time. Menu is small and the food is overpriced even for an airport. $16 gets you a big salad with $3 worth of meat and a giant pile of iceburg lettuce (which adults know has almost zero nutrition). This is place is all about profit margin. Aside from the bloody mary I ordered, I actually regret not going to McDonald's instead (and I hate mcds).I was delayed for the first time in a long time in my home airport #PhoenixSkyHarbor and decided to try Zinc. In all fairness it's airport terminal food so the expectations are not the same. I ordered the Red Wine Short Rib Baguette and a Paulaner Hefi-Weizen. The cost again airport terminal food was higher than expected and the value did not equate. The Baguette was more like a Panini and had maybe 2oz of meat. The presentation was very good with a touch of sophistication but not for the cost. There are many options in #terminal4 but this one I would not recommend.For an airport restaurant where people actually have somewhere to go, the service is painfully slow! No water refills even though I drained mine in the first 30 seconds, no asking if we need anything else, It was a slow and painful experience. We had omelette, crepes, and zinc croissant. I am a fairly light eater but found myself still hungry after my zinc croissant (even after including the offensive FOUR DOLLAR upcharge for a single tomato slice). My husband was still hungry after his omelette and so both of us foraged on the ample remainder of our kids' crepes. The crepes were not good, but we were still hungry. Way too strong cinnamon flavor and just a funky taste with the creme fraiche. Will I be back next time I'm wasting time in terminal four at Sky Harbor? Sorry, no, this restaurant is a huge fat fail.Save your time and money. Very overpriced for such small portions. My wife ordered a breakfast sandwich and was still hungry afterwards so we stopped at Paradise Bakery, also because I had ordered oatmeal and they were out of it. My wife liked her sandwich, it was just small and overpriced. Service was extremely slow, even though it was not very busy.Food was decent. Service could be better. Bartender did not offer water nor did she bring utensils when my food arrived... I probably had better luck at subway.Most expensive croissant i've ever had. Ended up paying close to $20 for a tiny sandwich. The single slice of tomato was $2. CrazySeriously? $3.50 for a loss cup of coffee, $13.00 for a marginal breakfast. Even for an airport, this place is one to stay away from. The two stars are only because the server was nice.Not sure what this restaurant thinks it is but not fine dining at all. Inspect to pay more for food and drinks in an airport, but this is airport prices inside an airport.  Paid $17 for a double jack and Coke and was pretty watered down.  Go down past C13 for better dining.  This place charges twice what you'd expect.Most expensive dreadful grab and go sandwich I've ever had.  $9 for a tuna Nioise supposedly on baguette.  Soggy bread, NOT crispy baguette.This sandwich shouldn't have been more than $3.50 it was so small and not good.French Onion Soup TO GO was $15.  No side items.  WHAT?Cup of sliced strawberries $6.50.  Outrageous.  Cashier defiant and not friendly. Don't recommend.  Try the other grab and go in the C gates.Service was good, but food was meh. Onion soup was okay, but not worth $10. The burger was $17.50 and also just okay. I guess for airport food it could be worse!Being gluten free, not much I can eat at Duke's Pub & Pizza.  Also noticed that since the original Pub and Pizza was shuttered about 5 years ago, nothing had changed!!  Geez, if you're opening a new restaurant, throw some pictures on the wall or change the wallpaper (hire a decorator-me)!!  I did cheat for pizza, which was really bland.  Was disappointed that we had 2 servers and slow servers.  A side salad as a waste of money. We know this is Pittsburgh, but you can have more than iceberg lettuce in a salad.  I will give you another chance, since you've just reopened.  I give Duke tons of credit for reopening in this popular location. I wish him all the best.  Please check on your tables and introduce yourself to customers(even if you taught us in high school 40 odd years ago)!  and please make sure restrooms are unlocked and supplied!!My Fianc and I made a mini Bar Rescue tour last night starting at The End. We knew we weren't the target audience for a "goth/alternative" bar with a post apocalyptic theme but we were welcomed in with open arms.There were only about 15 people in the bar and almost everyone seemed centered around the two owners Kris and Jack. It was definitely a social club atmosphere. The bartender was polite, explained the drink menu and was quick to engage in casual conversation her focus was on the bar and customers. She was the only one putting the business first.The decor was a little different from the show but the post apocalyptic theme was still front and center. We ordered our drinks. One came in a syringe that leaked out on the bar...ask them to put it in a glass to prevent any waste of the precious alcohol contained within. The other drink had a hunk of Twinkie in it. It was different but worked.As we were finishing our drinks a guy started setting up the stage. When I asked it was explained they hold Karaoke a few times a week. We may have hung out for a second drink and tried one of their pizzas (people sitting next to us had one and it looked/smelled great) but with a karaoke night starting we decided to settle up. Karaoke bars are great when designed to be one and you are expecting to have your ears insulted by people to inebriated to know they can't sing but we decided to get while the getting was good. I can guarantee Taffer would not be happy with  Karaoke being done chasing patrons out of the bar, that his post apocalyptic themed bar was playing 70s soft rock as their background music and not keeping true to their identity.Been wanting to come here for a while but didn't know what to expect. First off came in on a Sunday during the walking dead it was great I love the walking dead been a fan since day one. Loved the surround sound big tvs everything was great about that aspect . Second the drinks are not that greatAnd the anbient was ok a lot of Goths tho lolOverall for the walking dead I would come in to watch it but I'll sneak my henny and coke in :) lolI'd rather gouge my eyes out with real syringes and throw all my money at the ghost of Pat Robertson than give another dollar to this bar that serves just juice cocktails. Okay, okay, the music is ok. Stars for music but no stars for the bar. And thank you to the person who have out the glow-in-the-dark bracelets. Star for that, too.Looks pretty cool, nice selection of beer and drinks and food was really good. Good staff too. But what's with the music? Seriously walk in to the titanic theme song followed by brittany spears, lady gaga and kesha. Now don't get me wrong, i actually like all those artists, but not playing at a 'zombie' bar. A bit pricey too. The worst part was there was NOTHING to do. No dancing, no pool table, no darts, and of course no women... This place has a lot of potential but this last visit was a major let down. Only gave 2 stars because the bartender was coolSlow, pricey, not a great waffle, we didn't end up eating it.  The fresh whipped cream was good though.  Went to grab a quick bite for my daughter and I at the Gilbert Farmers Market this morning.   Waited and waited, went and bought veggies, came back, waited, waited.  I am a patient person but man that was a crazy long wait for a waffle.  That's all they make!  They should have it down by now!  Lol!I was so excited to finally try a waffle from Waffle Crush.  Unfortunately, it was not as great as I anticipated. I ordered a plain waffle with blueberries and fresh whipped cream. The cream was excellent and the blueberries were good, but the waffle itself really did nothing for me. It was nice and crispy on the outside, the inside was very dense and thick. It had a faint yeast flavor, but I thought it could have used more salt. It was a letdown. They look wonderful, but if you are going to be selling waffles they ought to be amazing on their own. I suspect all the toppings (Nutella, chocolate, Biscoff) just cover up the blandness of the waffle.  I'll stick to my own waffles I make at home.Way over priced for a waffle with fruit. 2 waffles was $16. With out a drink... I won't eat here again.Decided to not eat all day. Flew to Vegas and made our 9:30 reservations. The table side guacamole was good. Drinks were ok but very small and very expensive. Entrees were shrimp fahitas, and short rib burritos. Both were ok but nothing you couldn't get at any cheap mexican joints. Wait staff was top drawer.We made reservations here since there was a lot of activity at the MGM Grand, as I am sure there always is.  We waited a few minutes to be seated in the bar area.  Was a little disappointed since we did make a reservation.  And being it was "happy hour" time, most of the patrons around us were "happy hour" partakers.  Our server was pleasant but the service was extremely slow.  We were almost done with our chips and salsa by the time he came over to take our order.  We knew we wanted to try the table side guacamole, so we ordered that and he ran away before asking or taking our drink order.  When he came back to take our drink order, he ran away again.  We were ready to order our entrees, but he literally could only take one order at a time.  The table side guacamole was very good.  A good amount of avacodos, onion, cilantro, tomatoes and salt. We ordered margaritas, mine was a frozen, prickly pear, and raspberry margarita on the rocks.  Both were very refreshing.  Since we filled up on chips and salsa and guacomole, we shared fajitas.  We had a chicken and shrimp combo.  You have the choice of flour or corn shell tortillas.  We got flour tortillas, and there was three small ones.  The shrimp was very good, and had a mesquite seasoning.  The chicken had some pink spots on it which kind of concerned me.  We needed to get to a show and was looking for our server to get the bill.  When he got to our table, we gave him a card, and he disappeared for a while.  When he finally came back he said the credit card machine was down so had to take a carbon copy of it.  However when I was walking out, I saw other peoples bills being delivered I saw their's were done the modern way.  I didn't have time to ask why my receipt was the old school kind. The next day we went down to the restaurant to ask if their machine went down last night, no one could give us a straight answer.  It was a little suspect if you ask me.  There are plenty better establishments to go to while in LV.A bunch of my friends went out on the town one evening and decided to give this new restaurant a chance since we were craving Mexican food. Let me just say it was a disaster! First we started of with table side guacamole made by a lady named Trini. She was very rude and unfriendly. I didn't think you could mess up guacamole but it was just very salty and not very tasty. Our server was Daniel and pardon my French but he was a douche. He was not very informative about the menu and rolled his eyes at us quite a few times. His personality was just very rude. The only standout of this place was Eric who delivered our food and even came back to check on us even though he wasn't our server. He's the only one who seemed to care about our table. Definitely keep Eric but the other 2 you could do without. The only reason I'm giving it 2 stars is because the food was mediocre.If you like Mexican food, do not come here. Staff was friendly and the food arrived quick, but the food was bland and I knew at first bite that it wasn't any goodI had the Beef Chimichanga and it tasted like Chinese fried rice wrapped in a tortilla that absorbed the taste of a frier that has not had the oil changed in a while.The food was very good. The service was very bad. Rather than listing all the specifics let me just say that it was bad enough that it ruined the experience. I would try it again but never on a Saturday night when there's a big show at the MGM. Maybe when it's less busy it would better.Please bring back Diego's!!! Diego's used to be my hubby's & I's go-to restaurant when we stayed at MGM. It was so tasty and had amazing deals. My how times have changed! We live in San Diego, so we have the authority to critique Mexican food. Diego's was grub, but Hecho took ten giant leaps towards "On the Border" status, yuck. We went to Hecho last night and ordered the following: $7 margarita, guac, wings, street tacos, and the tres carnes enchiladas. Pretty good happy hour deals. The drink was standard in quality, but was served in a pint glass (not used to that). The guac was not table side, but looked fresh. It was ok, big chunks of avocado. The strange thing was, it had this funky effervescence. Some strange tingly sensation! (Maybe something to keep the guac from going brown when they made it ahead of time?) still edible, just weird. The wings were really good, I would recommend them. Thank goodness we got them or my poor hubby would not have been satiated. The three tacos were also pretty standard - nothing great. The meat was sub-par but, again, edible. They could use a special sauce or salsa. The street tacos are a fairly small plate as they don't come with beans or rice, FYI. Finally, the tres carnes enchiladas - they were sad. The meats were carne asada (which tasted like jerky), shredded beef (which tasted like rope), and carnitas (which was actually really good!). The enchiladas were dry not only because the meat tasted like it was sitting in uncovered hotel pans for 16-18 hours but also because there was not enough sauce or cheese. For being one of the most hyped plates on the menu, it was just depressing. Let me say that I really like the new decor and remodel. But I wish they remodeled the place and not the menu. When my husband and I left, we discussed the changes & I asked him, "Don't you feel like we just left On the Border?"  This place may satisfy some people who don't know guac about quality Mexican food - but this place, in short, is NO BUENO.I was severely disappointed by this place in MGM. We wanted to eat somewhere different and worthwhile for our first night in Vegas and chose Hecho. Customer service was terrible. The menus are gigantic, size wise that is definitely not in terms of the options. Tables were uncomfortable. We ordered some enchiladas and quesadillas as well as sangria. Both entrees were underwhelming and the $12 sangria was basically a cup of ice with ginger ale. I've had better Mexican food at Chipotle. Not worth the time or money.My friends got their dinners, but two of us still haven't. It's been about five minutes. Not sure what happened. But none of us at this table are happy. Margarita is decent but pricey. Don't think I'll be coming here again. Nor would I recommend this place to anyone else.  The chicken quesadilla was pretty good, though. So I guess if you can overlook the service problems, the food is pretty good.The food was delicious but the service was weird. The waiter IDed my sister because she ordered the margarita salad. The guac was too salty but they remade it and it was awesome! A little pricey but very yummy. We split the taco salad and nachos. The meat was so yummy! So much food!!!came here with a group after frozen fury, it is right outside the mgm garden arena.  I would say walk your drunken self else where if i were you.For the price of everything, the portion size was really small and the flavor was lackluster. The whole table felt the same way. 2 people from out table even returned their margaritas because they didnt taste right. The server was nice, but that doesnt really make up for everythign else.Very average Mexican food catering for people w hypersensitive pallets. Ah! That's right! It's the MGM! That speaks volumes. With all the people milling around one would think they would step it up a notch w the food scene. Au contraire. Ate w a group of people and we all thought the same. Nothing i would run back for but the margaritas were good.4 meals, only 1 was reviewed as good.  The guacamole was ok, not great.  They made the meal quickly for us so we could go to a show, so that was great.  Fajitas were overcooked and subpar compared to an On the Border.  Look, it just wasn't very good.  It served as sustinance, but not much more.I ordered a vegetarian enchilada here and I was surprised to see that the vegetables that were used looked like frozen vegetables, the birds eye or green giant kind that comes in a frozen package.  They even had machine cut cubed carrots and lima beans, just what they used in frozen mixed vegetables from a grocery store.I asked why the vegetables were like that?  The waiter told me "unfortunately we don't use fancy vegetables in our food".Fancy as in, fresh?   Seriously?I came to this place when it was Diego's and it was far better, I'm really disappointed with this venue and will not be back.Eat here only if you don't have any other choice and if your starving from not eating for a whole week... I don't know if it's just today or every day is like this but you can get better tasting food and service from your local McDonalds!!! NO JOKE!!! Over priced, low quality, low taste... Just bad! I didn't have a good experience but your free to try, as for me, i will never come here again nor will I bring a friend!Came for weekend brunch to get the bottomless bloody Mary's but at $29 you have to have 3 per person to make it worth it and we didn't even get our drinks before our meals arrived. My husband had to ask the bartender if we were going to get our drinks which had been sitting on the counter that whole time we were waiting, very frustrating. The food is average American Mexican food, nothing amazing but not horrible. Just basic flavors and basic choices. The service definitely needs some attention from management, for being at the MGM I would expect service to be the top priority. When our waiter saw my husband getting our own drinks from the bar, she didn't even bat an eye or apologize... Save yourself the trouble and go somewhere else on the strip.This place was insanely average and way overpriced. Not much more to say. Im tempted to keep typing just because Yelp awards longer reviews but all you need to know is in that first sentence. Go somewhere else unless you absolutely need Mexican cuisine to live. I imagine there are some good hole in the wall Mexican places a short walk away.Diner Beware! The food and drinks were good. I write this review because our bartender, Cesar, tried to up-charge our bill. The tab came in the black carrier with the itemized bill, totaling $74 for our drinks, food and tax. I handed him the credit card. When I went to sign and add in tip, our bill increased to over $96. Noticing a $25 increase, I asked to see the itemized bill again. He said he double charged us for our salads; however, it is rare an establishment adds items after a bill is established, when nothing else is ordered and he fail to produce a itemized check when it came time to sign. In addition, he did not apologize for the mistake. The idea of a server taking advantage of the diner is appalling. I do not see myself or any of the folks traveling with me returning to this restaurant due to the dishonest service.We dined here on Cinco de Mayo thinking it would feature something special for this Mexican holiday, but it did not. This was a very average restaurant with higher prices than could be expected for routine food. Service was not really attentive. The chips and salsa was very good, though not complimentary even with cocktails. I had some fish tacos - they were good but miserly with the fish. My wife had some kind of a salad which she thought was just o.k. Try to sit along the outer sections because people watching at the MGM Grand is much more interesting than the food sitting in front of you..Limited menu. Bland and uninspired preparations. Massively overpriced given the lack of quality. They even charge $5 just for chips and salsa, and the salsa is basically blended tomatoes....and the basket of chips was basically the bottom of the drawer....all tiny broken pieces....and $5 for that?. The service is horrific. Extremely inattentive and slow, and one of the servers even had an attitude as if we were rudely interrupting their doing nothing in order to serve us....and it was a slow night.

andreaVery long wait...the night we went, it was free for the ladies so we did not mind the wait...but once we got in....that's when we started not to enjoy ourselves...that place was PackeD!! Everyone had to step on each other to do a lil dancing (if any at all).  The only highlight (if you call it a highlight) was when Paris and Nicky was escorted to the VIP section and the whole club was excited taking photos of Paris getting freaky. LOL...Not worth the wait and totally over-rated.  We got to breathe a lil when we stepped into the Pussy Cat lounge...but that was it...Ugghh what a giant clusterf**k seriously. Just stand outside and try to get in. This was a rare occasion of me +15 so they split our group up. None of the guys had to pay to get in though and the wait was less than 30 minutes. However my friend has bad luck with bouncers and he got kicked out. Inside even more of a CF. You might as well get really intimate with the 5 people that surround you, you are gonna be touching them the whole night. Go upstairs and get fresh air. Some of my party didn't like techno so they went back down. Now I love journey but damn, why are you playing that in the main room when i'm trying to get my freak on? You want us to sway left and right or something? Can someone please tell me why a 6oz bottle of water costs 8 bucks? It wasn't even a boutique brand just some plain water probably bottled from tap.I heard on our way out one my girls was being hollered at by Mike Tyson. She told me on the elevator ride down that she was really scared because he wouldn't leave her alone. Now if I was there I'm down to save any girl but damn its Mike Tyson! I'm pretty sure he would have put me in a coma.Yes PURE is a gorgeous club.  The all white decor is beautiful and the view from the rooftop is great.  But this place is extremely over-rated.  My girls and I didn't get there until about midnight and the place was wall-to-wall people...LITERALLY.  There was no place to stand, let alone dance.  We really didn't have any fun until about 2am when the crowds died down a little bit and we had room to move.  Luckily we had a hook-up and didn't pay or wait in line to get in, but if you have to it's totally not worth it.i've been here a couple of times, but last weekend will most likely be my last. Perhaps i'm just too old now to enjoy waiting in line, or being pushed around like a herd of cattle, or pay $16 for a crappy cranberry and vodka...but Pure has just lost it's charm for me. The club itself is pretty, the roof is my favorite part. If i were to go back, that's the only place I would stay if I could have it my way.I was there with my girls to celebrate my bachelorette party.  I picked that place because that was in the hotel we stayed at, so it was very convenient for us.  We picked up a complimentary pass from the hotel concierge but didn't really need it since we were all-girls group, and no waiting in line either.  Pure is a very nice club with the all-white interior decor.  BUT the dance floor is jam packed and it was impossible to have room to dance.  We were there briefly and decided to go to another club.  Lucky we didn't have to pay for it!If you like to be deaf for two nights after a night of partying this is your place.  It's a trend place like all night clubs are. I felt there are better clubs in Las Vegas. My two warings are drinks are way over price and don't set napkins on fire. Outside of that you have a good time waiting inline.I don't think it's the best place I've been to but it was ok. I agree that it's small. Drinks are outrageous but I guess that's what you can expect. Will I go again? If I have one of those free entrance cards.nothing special.  just a white room with musicI went here like 2 years ago when it was at its peak and it was a huge pain in the ass overall. We waited in line for an hour (I was in a group of 2 guys and 2 girls), paid $50 per couple, and the place was literally so packed we couldn't dance. We got drinks and stood outside on the roof, which was kinda cool, but I've never been back and it totally wasn't worth the time or money.I've only been once, and once was enough.  Never EVER again will I step foot in here.PURE hadn't been open too long at this point, and we were all really excited to check it out.  The lines were long (like wrapping around the wall and nearly out the door), but we bypassed most of it somehow, and I happily let some stranger in line in front of me pay for my entrance fee.  What a nice man.I walked in and.. WHOA MAMA!  Can we say.. FIRE HAZARD?!  Pray to God there's never an accident in here because it's just jam packed with people.  I saw a guy in a wheelchair on the dance floor, and I couldn't help but worry that people were going to trip and fall on top of him.Actually, it was EXACTLY like being at a crappy rave (not that I've been to a rave in many many years... but this experience brought back some memories...) with way too many people in a much-too-small venue. Holy crap.I'm sure the setup and decor must've been nice, but I couldn't get far enough past the crowds to take it all in and appreciate.  It was a claustrophobic's ultimate nightmare.  Seeking some sort of refuge, I climbed outside onto the rooftop and... it was even hot and sweltering out in the open air.  Why?  Because even that area was jam packed with people.Needless to say, I didn't dance at all.  I just sort of stood in place (I couldn't move even if I wanted to) and bopped every other second when someone accidentally jabbed their knees into the backs of mine.  Lovely.It's my first time and probably the last time I'll go there.  Bouncers aren't the nicest people.. crowd's okay.. decor is okay.. for some reason, I don't like how it was setup... it's like a maze. A fire hazard like Cathy K mentioned.Music? Neh.....Been in here a couple of times, I don't see why they always have massive lines. Once you get in its a disappointment, the place needs a serious upgrade in interior design. . Both times I did not really have fun at all. The crowd was awful...made me want to leave within 15 minutes...and I waited 30 mins to get in.I will not be coming back to Pure the next time I am in Sin City unless I am forced to by friends.the crowd here is ok, but i do love the music they play....lots of current club music.  The decor of this place is super nice .... plan to spend over 1,000$ for bottle service thoughI did not like this place.The music SUCKED. They didn't play anything that's hott right now, trust me, I know my dance music. Everything was from circa 1999-2004. No joke. That stuff is cool every once in a while but not all night.Staff were douchebags. I was told to put my shoes on. I'm not in 4th grade, you peasant. My shoes are killing me from the wonderful Vegas strolls I've been on. We were also told to not sit on the couch that my VIP group paid for. The bartender was also rude. The setup is ok...a little dark but just ok. The dancing area is mayhem. So crowded I got vodka cranberry IN MY EYE...how does that even happen? Not even Kim Kardashian can make this place cool.Never again.The day before going to Pure, a promoter standing around Caesar's palace talked to us and put our party on some kind of "guest list."  He was cool about everything and actually got our hopes up that it would be a fun night.The next night, we all arrived around 11pm and we were told to go through the "VIP entrance" - but it was actually a gigantic crowd of people packed around probably the three worst bouncers in all of Las Vegas.  It took us about 30 minutes to get to the front of the crowd, and the bouncer we talked to "Lloyd" promised us we'd get in soon.  Ok, I don't mind waiting a little bit since its supposed to be a nice club.  Plus we had a good mix (4 girls, 2 guys) so I didnt think we'd have to wait too long.We ended up waiting for a damn hour at the front of the entrance before they finally let us in.  That full hour was spent crushed in the crowd and watching Lloyd let other more important people push ahead of us, and the bouncers telling us to make room for these people (as though we could move anywhere at all).  The regular line looked like it was moving swiftly which added insult to our situation.  Finally, one of the managers "Sheets" saw that we'd been waiting for an exorbitant amount of time and told Lloyd to let us in next.  Our being on the "guest list" no longer mattered since by this time it was past 12, thus we were charged the full admission like chumps (even though we had "reduced admission past 12" cards).  We could have waited in the regular line and saved much more time.That whole admission experience left me bitter as hell, and pretty much tainted what could have been a fun night.  We came up with all sorts of theories.  Like maybe they didn't want too many Asians inside.  Or maybe because we didn't tip Lloyd while we were standing there.  Who knows.Anyway, the music was pretty good, DJ AM was spinning, and he played a good mix of old school hip-hop and some mainstream stuff.  The view from the balcony is really nice too.  There was an overall vibe of douchey-ness to the crowd as well as the bouncers -- they tried to charge us an extra $5 to get into another room that had live dancers, wtf?  And Lloyd, true to his douchey nature, yelled at one of our group for standing outside the exit as she was waiting for the rest of us to come out.Don't really know how the table / bottle service is, but I honestly don't plan on going back.Pure Nightclub. You hear about it celebrity blogs and many stars come here but it wasn't anything special to me. The place is ridiculously crowded, the wait to get in is loooooonnngg(Luckily I snagged VIP), there isn't enough floor space and the bouncers are rude.Although the upstairs patio has an awesome view of the Vegas strip and the bartenders were really nice. It just felt like another club. The decor seemed as if it was trying to hard in the main room (too many blue lights). The coolest part was the Pussycat Doll Lounge because there would be a show every 30mins or every hour or something along those lines. The music was OK, nothing special.Overall, I don't know what the hype is all about. It's a nice club but there is much nicer in Vegas. Drinks were pretty expensive. If you have to pay cover just go elsewhere.I don't like how the front door works here. It was totally unorganized and know one knew anything about anything. The bouncers offered to "get ppl to the front" for the right price.....ugh, so lame. $160 later (yes, guilty....won't be making that mistake again) and finally inside, I was pretty impressed. The guy from Limp Bizkit was there....I forget his name, the one with the black contact lenses. Everyone was dancing and having a good time and the music seemed all right. Upstairs and outside was awesome! There's another bar up there and there's a great view of the strip. I couldn't bring myself to pay the supposed $17 for a corona...WHAT??? It's vegas though. Bottom line: overpriced, WAY overpriced drinks, I don't even think the cover charge is worth it, very big space, great atmosphere......I guess everyone should go once.I am NEVER... EVER... going to wait two hours to get into a good-for-VIP-ONLY club EVER again.This place is definitely PURE alright... pure CRAP!I wanted to come here to check the place out. I heard about Pure being so cool and this and that. Ugh. This place isn't worth it. By the time I got inside (and paid $20 to get in), I was already kind of cranky from having to stand in my heels while in line. The first stop was to head to the closest bar. Easier said than done. The club was BEYOND PACKED. There were smelly, sweaty people EVERYWHERE. And, of course, the drinks are overpriced. Well, I guess the prices are normal for Vegas. The club itself seemed nice. I don't really remember the place in detail though. I was too distracted by the drunk people. The downstairs area was waaaay too crowded and stuffy. It's best to go upstairs. At least upstairs you get some air and you get a nice view of the strip. That was the best part of the club. I don't plan on coming back unless I come back as VIP. But VIP at ANY club on The Strip would be awesome. =)got "vip" passes with dinner at rao's so we decided to check PURE out for a drink. by far the best part was the upstairs terrace which had an awesome view of the strip.unfortunately the terrace also contained creepy guys, horrible dancing, and the most awesome display of drunken prowling cougars EVER.one star for the terrace, and one for the giant moth flying at people's heads and making girls scream. at PURE it was all about the minor victories.Aack!!!   Just read my previous review.... what in the hell was I thinking?I think I was trying to be magnanimous.  Damn that.This place is OK.  It's a good place to go to get that "experience," you know the one I'm talking about.  The one where you go to the all white club and party elbow to elbow with Paris and LC and other drunken Vegas-ites all night long baby.  Yeah, whatever.  The things I like about Pure are the fact that I've never paid to get in, even when I was with my mom (do better, ladies, if you have to wait more than 5 minutes), and the fact that there are multiple rooms to duck into so I don't get bored just standing around.The things I hate about Pure...  hmm.... so many..   Let's start with the ass to elbows way they always pack this place.  I was here last over New Years and it was an effin nightmare, I don't think I was in there 30 minutes.  Since I'm too old and crotchety to walk from outside with a sleeveless dress on on a December night, I give them props for having a coat check  but the line was way long and right next to the line of people coming in the club - so it was a big jumble of people.  I hate the way you have to go a country damn mile to get to the the bathroom.  Um, guess what? - By the time I get there I either don't have to go anymore or am so mad I keep on walking straight from there out the door.  The bartenders are so aloof, like whaddya have to do to get some attention around here!  I am paying, you know!  And the drinks are only OK, still too strong.  To me, an extra strong drink is not the mark of a good bartender - if it tastes like juice but has me on the floor that night, then we can talk.And the dancefloor!  Oh the dancefloor.  I so want to get on you and shake my groove thang, show these itches who's boss in the 09....  But how to approach thee?  Or better yet, how to get off thee with all of my limbs intact and no hands up my dress.  I too am constantly wearing someone's drink when I try to get out there, and forever getting stepped on.  There should be a training class on the proper way to dance with a drink and not spill.  Hello, you can't throw your freakin hands up in the air, I'm standing right in your wake....I can't even believe people waste their $20 drinks like that, I make sure to drink every last droplet of moisture out of every single one of mine :).  And I swear there's a sign on my head that says Walkway.  What is it with you tall guys, don't you know there are shorter chicks under you with open-toed shoes?!?!?!  It never fails when I go to Pure, I always limp home.  Ugh, and the dance floor itself, I'm gonna want those guys pushing the towels with their feet to get some bonafide mops out there cuz it is a disaster.  Slimy, slippery, dirty.... I can't even believe people take their shoes off in there.Anyway, I seriously don't understand the hype about this place, its OK but I've seen better.  Once you can say you've been once why bother againEven though I had a good time at pre I was still disappointed. Out of all the clubs in Vegas I was expecting pure to be the Michael Jordan of all clubs and it wasn't like that. It was to crowded, women were not that good looking & they were stuck up.  Security was to much. The crowd wasn't to pleasant. The good things were the rooms & the music.  Bottle service was OK.."This review is from a year ago"The place was nice, but the people weren't.I'm not sure why people like to party in Vegas for... When places in Vegas are bias and super duper overpriced.What I mean by bias - If you don't know anyone there(as the workers) good luck getting in or getting in faster.  It will probably take you an hour+ if you do not know any of the bouncers handling the guestlist or the VIP table service or if you aren't a bunch of GIRLS!

        They had a nice bread basket that you chose out of , I had the brioche it was very good, wife  had the pretzel bread , before i could see about getting another piece of bread the butter was whisked away, wth. Tight with the bread?       We had the caribean ,chocolate bottom pie with bananas , it was awesome. Pretty much if  a restaurant has some kind of banana dessert, I will get it, glad we did.          Service was lacks, when the server was there, he talked too much then , he would disappear for awhile. The servers mostly looked  young ,i'm guessing a little bit inexperienced.         Menu is very imaginative and with some of the dishes was spot on and you can tell the chef has skills, just a little bit more fine tuning and I would not hesitate to come back , but for the prices I expect a little more bang, sorry .Our foursome was looking forward to trying this place based on the reviews.  We came in at 4:00 looking for a late lunch early dinner and were disappointed to learn that they only serve "brunch" on Saturdays and Sundays. Dinner doesn't start until 5:30.   Who wants pancakes at 4:00.  :(.   With our work schedules being m-f we will sadly never get to try them for lunch.  We will try again for dinner sometime.Maybe I went on an off night, but I did not have a great experience.I ordered the beer-braised short rib ($18) and it was SALTY.  Holy shit, it was so salty. Like, so salty I had to stop eating it.  But, even without the salt, I wouldn't have finished it because the short rib was really fatty.  A really bad cut.  The sauce on the seasonal vegetable mix was also a turnoff; I felt all the flavors in this dish really clashed.  The mash of the day was also the victim of oversalting.  Yeah, not ordering this again.Also, I was seated near the bathroom and there was a putrid smell in the air.  I don't want to think about what it was, but it was awful. They need to take care of that (other people remarked on it too while walking by).Highlights:  my well-mixed whiskey cocktail, friendly service, and the tasty Parmesan crisps.I hear such great things about this place.  I'll have to go back and try something else.....but I am afraid.I really didn't want to give this place two stars, but I'm trying to be fair and honest.  Just to be quick and to the point: Food was wonderful.  Service was pretty bad.Now to get into it a little more...My husband and I went here on a Tuesday evening.  It was pretty normal; people were there, but not busy.  The decor was really cool and gave a nice, laidback feeling.  The owner greeted us and was super awesome and personable.  When my husband asked what beers they had, it started getting weird.The owner asked, "Well what do you like?"  Well, he likes all different beers, so it depends.  He then brought the bartender over, (which was the right thing to do) and when my husband asked what kind of beers they had, he asked, "Well what do you like?" Ugh. (Look, I'm a bartender, and I understand how annoying it is when people want you to rattle off all the beers you have. But my husband just wanted some sort of list.) So perhaps they should work on listing the beers somewhere.

Key lime pie was very good as was the chocolate brownie.Of course we will return we enjoy this place.

I was trying to be conservative on calories so I had a 1/2 brisket on rye with cabbage soup, my friend went wild with a triple decker concoction involving corned beef, pastrami, and cole slaw.

Wish them good luck.This place reminds me of my Grandma's cooking...and my grandma can't cook.  We had the beef steak, fried chicken, and ham and beans.  It was all pretty mediocre and not worth repeating.  Even the apple dumplings were just okay.  Too bad...guess if I want a decent home style meal I will have to do it myself.  We are also a mixed family and didn't feel uncomfortable eating at this place as others have mentioned.My boyfriend and I are both alumni of UofI. He was interested in going down for Ebert fest and I tagged along to relive college, six years later.  We searched for lodging in the area and everything was booked, Ebert fest and Illinois Marathon were on the same weekend as our trip.  This place opened up with an available smoking room.  Score....or not so fast.  When we checked in, the front desk staff was dealing with a very rude customer, but she remained calm, patient, and kind. One star goes to her.  We got to our room, and they weren't kidding about a smoking room. It was awful I understand we booked it we should have known, I looked to the window to air it out, but they were not of the opening kind. The room had a refrigerator and microwave which was nice because we had leftovers from dinner. The second star for that.  We did the mandatory bed bug check, all clear. Good, I can sleep soundly. Or can I? The bedding had burn holes from cigarettes and also had the awesome cigarette smell. The bathroom was as clean as Kams bathroom and still had the evidence of college parties, vomit on the baseboards and all.  We only stayed one night, it got the job done, but wish we went down a different weekend and stayed in a nicer place.bedbugs!!!!I am covered in bites- the place seemed clean but the bugs were there. I went through this at home and an infestation is a horrible thing to live throughMy boyfriend and I stayed her the weekend of 11/4-11/6, a two night stay. We chose this hotel because many of our friends chose to stay here and because the price was extremely cheap. The night we checked in we were greeted by a very young Filipino family with many small children. My first impression of this motel? Very very very dirty, maybe a local party motel for the university nearby. The carpets in the hallways were covered in dark stains, and there was an odor in the air. We researched this motel before we checked in so we had an idea in mind to what we were getting ourselves into. We had a standard room with a king sized bed. Our room unfortunately did not have a fridge or microwave, unlike some of our friends who asked for the same thing (they had a microwave+fridge, we did not) We throughly checked under the bedsheets for bugs and also around the room, but we actually didn't have any problem with that. The room itself was okay, we expected just that with the price we paid. The next morning, the wife from the family we saw the night before was cleaning all of the rooms. Maybe not all of the rooms but I think their family lives/works for the motel. Overall, it's up to chance if you get bed bugs or not. You get what you pay for ultimately.This is a review on just their coffee.The coffee is bad. It has been burnt both times I have visited in the early mornings, despite my hope that the first time was an isolated incident. They sell the 'Seattle's Best' brand, which I would imagine is not inherently bad coffee, but something in their process is off, as it is not good coffee in my book: too burned and too bitter for how disappointingly not strong it is. Also, the coffee only comes in small cups. I wanted a 20 oz. jar of rocket fuel, but settled for 12 oz. of undrinkable ash.Service was friendly and fairly fast. I could not bear to give this less than 2 stars based upon only reviewing one menu item, but if this was a coffeehouse serving this hot garbage, it would be a one star.:| It's not that this place is specifically bad. I think Steak 'n Shake is just not my style. The burgers are too floppy and sad and astoundingly greasy. Shakes are so sweet it hurts.First, the good news. The food was tasty. Every other part of the meal was a disaster. My burger was missing everything but meat and cheese. The cheese fries had no cheese and getting the attention of our server was nearly impossible. We tried talking to the manager but he was too busy talking with his friends. In all it took nearly an hour to feed two adults and three kids. Most of it spent waiting. This place could be good if the management got its act together.Little disappointed here, Chambana Yelpers! I read some awesome reviews for First Wok, and Husband and I were super excited to try it out. We ended up there for lunch yesterday.So, first thing - their fried rice is saffron yellow.. but I guarantee there's no saffron in there. Ack. It's seriously neon.I ordered the eggplant chicken special. I was very excited after recently having some excellent garlic eggplant from Green Jade. I thought, "Yay! Eggplant Special! Happy Grace!" As it turns out, I celebrated a bit too soon. The eggplant wasn't thoroughly cooked, making it sort of bitter and tough. Also, they didn't use Chinese eggplant, which was sort of confusing. It was American (globe) eggplant. If it had been Chinese eggplant, I bet it would've tasted a whole lot better. Furthermore, it was advertised as 'spicy.' Ahem. That dish was not spicy in the least. It could've used a few hearty splashes of sriracha. (Coincidentally, that's what I plan to do to the leftovers...)

I would stay there again but only if it is free.The two stars I gave are solely for the hotel, yes the hotel that's made of concrete and stone, I am giving the humans ( I don't even want to call them employees because obviously they all hate their job ) a big fat ZERO star.The hotel is right behind Encore and Wynn, room is nice size and comfy. Its okay that theres no casinos inside. but there's NO soft music playing in the lobby neither. The PROBLEM, though, is the attitude of the staff, the entire staff. I stayed twice for 8 days total, I believe I met them all. I stayed at Wynn, Bellagio, Mandarin Oriental and Aria before, their smiling, caring,  going-out-of-your-way service I was used to.  Here, it seems that they also go out of their way ---- NOT to be nice. Checking in, I didn't expect Royal Resort to say " Welcome" " what's your plan in Vegas",  Perfect! I didn't get any! I got "Hi" " Your room number is #"Checking out, I didn't expect them say " thank you" " How was your stay with us?"  Great! I didn't get any neither! I got "Bye" if I was lucky!They don't smile, AT ALL.  They don't tell you anything unless you ask ( wifi info, shuttle info). When I asked about shopping outlets, the guy gave me two brochures, yeah, that's his "answer"...  When I pushed further " which one is good? What's the difference btwn the outlets", he said STONE FACED, " I don't know what you like?"  WTH?When I said to one of the girls that I had a bag in the storage room, this is how she acted --- she silently walked to the room, unlocked the door, leaned on the door ( unprofessional!!), watched me to carry my own bag, with NOT a single word. I felt compelled to say "Thanks", guess what's her answer?"Hmm"They must have a contest running in the hotel about WHO speaks the least words, smiles the least WINS a HOT DOG or sth!Royal resort....from the outside and the lobby it appears you are staying at a pretty nice place. Step off the elevator into the dimly lit halls and you see a place in desperate need of an update & a deep cleaning! rooms are small! balconies overlooking the strip are true however balcony is very small and it overlooks the riveria ( also run down) and circus circus ( a dump)! Rugs are dirty, bedding is old, pillows are few and flat. The TV is an old fashioned 27 in w so so reception....in the day and age when flat screens are cheap as heck.although reasonably priced will definitely not be back until it's totally renovated and deep cleanedThis place is very old and kind of run down.  The sofas were stained.  The shower would go from freezing to scalding without warning.  The toilets frequently required multiple flushes.  Tiles everywhere were cracked or broken.  And the restaurant was horribly expensive.  I will say that the place was clean.  It was also very conveniently located a half block off the Strip.  The staff was always very polite, friendly, and helpful.  All said and done, I probably won't stay here again.Steer clear from this place. Made my reservation through priceline and turns out they didn't get the reservation.  Front desk (i rather not mention the person's name because the attitude changed towards the end and i dont like getting people in trouble) didn't bother to offer any type of help only gave complete attitude and the only solution offered was for us to call priceline. We called priceline they called and spoke to the front desk  only to have the person atthe frontdesk sarcastically tell them to take their time while we were stared at us as if we had done something wrong, as if this was all our fault instead of asking them to speed things up because we had already waited so long in the lobby.  I've stayed at plenty hotels from 1 star to 4 stars and this place by far has been my worst experience not just because priceline dropped the ball with our reservation but never has someone at the front desk have been this rude or this un helpful. We spent a bit over an hour sitting around in the lobby while they sorted things out. If this would have been anywhere else I have no doubt they would have checked us in like any regular client took our payment info and sorted things out with priceline while we were in our rooms instead of having to sit around in their lobby like fools. I casually walked up asked for the persons name at the front desk and got a look at their name tag, said thank you and sat back down.  After about an hour and 15 minutes of waiting front desk person came back with a different attitude,  a little more compassionate one and told us that priceline would be relocating us because the card they used to pay with declined and they needed payment before we could check in.  I asked if they would honor the priceline price then we could just pay them with our card and we'd sort things out with priceline so we wouldn't be charged twice. They told us that was fine and all of a sudden front desk person was a different person. Checked us in to our rooms, we asked about the pool they said it was closed due to weather but was nice enough to reopen it for us. Front desk called our room shortly after to remind us about the pool and apologize on priceline's behalf. Wished we would have had this person helping us like that from the beginning instead of driving 4 and a half hours to Vegas to sit and wait in the lobby for roughly an hour and 15 minutes on top of that and receive attitude.We are getting ready to check out and I don't normally write negative yelps,  But this is the hotel of last resort.  I understand this is not the Bellagio but If you have other choices TAKE THEM, For two days the heater has not worked., They worked on it FOUR times. It is December and the heater blasts out cold air,. It is FREEZING in here.  Housekeeping never came. They have ONE pot of coffee in the lobby for the whole hotel and it is always empty.  The front desk staff are very nice but untrained and have little ability to make things right. The rooms smell a bit and the carpet is ratty.  If you have no other choices the room is adequate but it will be very low on my list of choices in the future.Rooms are no smoking, but first room reeked of cigarette. They move us to a new room, and that one smelled like weed. I guess that's what you get on a budget. The sheets were clean though.I have been taking my dog here since I moved to Vegas in 2004.  Each time the cost has consistently gone up and seems to be more about the money than the care of my dog.  What I dislike is being prescribed tonics made by the vet, and not told what is in them, bringing my pet in for them to run him to the back and I have no idea what they are doing to him, and after referring people to them, not even receiving a verble thank you.  I want a vet that is going to take care of my dog giving him the respect he deserves without thinking I am paying for her vacations to Africa.Service was slow and the waiter seemed absent-minded. This actually worked to our favor because he ended up removing a burger from our bill for some strange reason. We were in a hurry and didn't have time to argue (at least, that's our excuse), so we treated it like a comp and tipped accordingly. The burger itself was pretty good, but I doubt I'd ever return.There are not many choices in Miracle Mile so I have ended up here more often than I should. I always go in with high hopes but leave disappointed. Our waitress was very pleasant and service was a reasonable speed. It is just that the food is not very good - especially for the price.I had the grilled cheese. It comes on Hawaiian sweet bread - which I like - but there was a definite lack of cheese for the thickness of the bread. My husband had the hot dog which he said was "alright". As mentioned in another review, the french fries are good. It is just nothing special.If you find yourself at Miracle Mile, consider taking a 10-minute walk outside and finding someplace better to eat.Came here because the food at the Miracle Mile at Planet Hollywood Casino is pretty limited unless you really want to sit down for a meal.  But for grabbing a bite to eat, we figured we'd try this place.  The only problem is that this ended up being a long meal.  I ordered a beer and 20 minutes later, it arrived and the waitress took our food order.  Another 20 minutes or so later, she came by to tell us our food would be out soon.  Another 15 minutes later, she brough our food out.  On top of that, the guacamole burger didn't have guacamole on it.  And the nachos didnt have cheese on them.  So after getting a side of guacamole and some cheese for the nachos, we finally get to eat.The food was good, kailua pig was a little dry but tasty.  The burger had a really good flavor to it.  But the service was so bad, especially considering how few people were in there.  It was just too bad to deserve a 3 because of that.Went here for breakfast day 1 arriving in Vegas to sum it up:

Cool, I'll remember that next time before I leave you all a tip.I wish the worst Costco on the Island wasn't the closest one I have to go to.No gas station.

My wife ordered this.  It was terrible.  Really, really terrible.  A thin layer of spaetzle is not what I (or anyone) would expect by "dumplings."  The beef looked like poop and didn't taste much better.The Resolution:

My wife and I were there with another couple on July 18th.  We were  seated by an experienced waiter who took our order. He then told us that a new waitress would be taking over. We repeated our order and asked them, up front, to give the two couples separate checks. They said that was not a problem. The other couple suggested that perhaps it would help to keep the orders separate from the start. The waitress said that was not necessary. Now we are not used to going over our bills in detail, but the bill presented to the other couple was so high we were puzzled. Guess what? They billed $100 for less than $50 worth of food/drink. And it took two attempts to get it fixed.Worse, I went and mentioned the problem to the manager.  I did not ask for any concession or "freebies", but did suggest that he go and speak to the couple who had been overcharged.  I  then observed the manager during the rest of our time at THK. He was either talking/joking with staff or expediting food orders. THK was about 30% full so it was not that he was in a rush.  He  did whiz by our table once to drop off a food item, but said not a word to anyone.I might give THK one more try...but I will sit at the bar.Unfortunately for me I asked the server for something spicy and didn't even look at the menu. He suggested the seafood pasta and even said it was his favorite. Bad call. The seafood was ok, the pasta was fresh, and I think it would have been worth the $33 but the problem was the sauce was from a can with a cartoon chef on it. It was sugary, pasty, bland, and as far from spicy as fruit loops are. It kinda felt like the server got a bonus for pushing that shitty dish out the door that late on a Saturday. IckIf you don't have a spicy dish, that's ok. Just say so and I'll have the walleye (which my wife loved). Won't go back. Also tired of new strip mall designs THAT ARE SO HARD AND LOUD THAT I HAVE TO SHOUT WITH MY TABLE. Move the kitchen out of the dining room for gods sake.The place looks great, service was good, disappointed though poor value, I ordered the wedge and steak, my wife's scallop was larger than my steak no joke, $20 bucks , if it was some prime fillet ok but really,Disappointed :( I have no problem spending my hard earned money on a great meal...however this was just OK. Our service was just OK. The food was just OK. I felt like the value in general was poor. 16 bucks for a burger a LA carte. And $4 per side. The fish was nothing more than what I have experienced else where. I will say the bar provides a wonderful variety of taps and choices. THE MULES ARE GREAT! Highlight of my entire $100 meal...honestlyI came here on a Monday night and the place was poppin!  I sat at the bar viewing their craft brew menu on the way.  Seems like they have 2 special beers on a weekly basis, but you have to ask the server what kind.  Unfortunately, they're generally IPAs and I'm not a fan.  I shot for an Amber Ale while my friend ordered a mix drink.  For our food I went for the Chicken & Dumplings and my friend the Jerk Chicken Salad.  The Chicken & Dumplings was okay in my books.  It came with chicken, balls of dumpling, carrots, and sugar snap peas.  The peas gave it some crunch, but I wanted more texture; some shaved fried tortilla shells might have done the job plus it needed some spiced up kick.  I thought the dish overall would have made a perfect chicken pot pie stuffing.  My friends jerk chicken was spicy in my books; but she didn't care for the extra char on the chicken; plus it was dry.  Though the citrus dressing and avocado salad was an excellent combination.  In the end, the place had a cool vibe and probably a place to chill for some craft brews and appetizer bites.  The service was really on top of things, but overall the food was okay at best. - Enjoy!Some food amazing/some food ok, bad customer service. Liked the sliders a lot. The fondue was so runny it was more like a broth, definitely would not recommend it. We went here for a happy hour and filled two giant tables (more than 15 of us). Still the service was spotty and rude. When the time came to get the bill, the waiter told our table (8 of us) that he couldn't split the bill. Fine. But we still had credit cards. When we started asking him to put different amounts on a total of 4 cards, he got all huffy and said "Fine! I'll just split the checks." Then he brought the checks and they were all messed up and when we asked to have them corrected he again got huffy. Finally after we paid we were walking out and my husband heard our server and his manager bad mouthing us. When he confronted them, they said "usually in a large group like that somebody just pays for everyone." Really?!? We are not business travelers expensing things to our company. We are regular people with budgets. It's not like we didn't want to pay or tip, that's what we were trying to do! It was a negative experience and I wouldn't go back.Waaaaay overpriced. Since when do you go to a gastropub and just about everything comes a la carte? It's not a fancy steakhouse where that's expected. It's a glorified bar. The service was fine, but I wasn't the least bit impressed with the food. I wasn't really feeling anything on the menu so I ordered the sliders, thinking they'd be safe. Wrong. First impression when they came out was, where is the top bun? Next thought was, where's the beef? The meat was smaller than your average grocery store frozen meatball. Three of them could've fit on one bun. And there was a really weird taste. They actually took them off the bill, which I appreciated but it still put a dent in my wallet. Fries were ok. Wife had short ribs and garlic mashed potatoes--she liked them--all I could taste was salt. They had a decent beer list but unfortunately we won't be going back.I was excited to check out TapHouse Kitchen over the weekend for brunch with a group... We were celebrating a birthday, and the birthday girl chose THK because of their happening and kid-friendly atmosphere, brunch cocktail specials including a "make-your-own-Bloody-Mary bar," and the great food she'd experienced there before.Note: Brunch is served at THK on Saturdays and Sundays from 9am - 3pm.Birthday girl made an 11am reservation for the group.  We walked in and were pleasantly surprised at first by the energy in the place.  There were a couple of people at the hostess stand that gave us a nonchalant "hello" (not a warm welcome), before we looked up to see that some of our group was already seated.  We headed over there and seated ourselves...The waitress was sweet and confirmed with me that she did not need to write down our orders, despite our group size of 11 people.  "You're sure you don't need to write it down?" I asked.  She nodded.  I trusted her and ordered a bagel and lox for myself and a side of bacon, a side of berries, and a side of french fries for my two young toddlers to share.I also requested an ice water for myself, which I had to ask for several times before receiving... When the food came for our group, I started to think how impressed I was that everything came out alright.  And then I looked to my right and realized that birthday girl's grilled cheese didn't come at all.  We all sat there while our food got cold for a good 20 minutes.  (I'm not exaggerating).  The waitress said it was coming right out, but it didn't.  About 25 minutes later, she brought out an order of French Toast.  (Not what birthday girl had ordered).  My husband said to keep the French Toast at the table for everyone to share -- and we ended up paying for that too.  It was another 10 minutes before the grilled cheese arrived, and without even an "I'm sorry for the delay" from the manager that delivered it. I had to leave to take one of my kids home, but I left feeling like we wasted our money at this brunch... and that was before I learned that we were double charged for the sides of fries and berries.  The bill showed two sides of each when we only ordered one.  (We did order a second side of bacon that luckily came out quickly).There are so many dining options in the Valley that after this experience, I would consider before returning.  All of that said, if you find yourself at THK for brunch, the winning entrees were the French Toast and the Grilled Cheese.  I hope you have a better experience than we did.Went for the Everyday Fish Fry. Boring, bland fish. Thought it was going to be WAY better. Fish was mushy and thickly breaded. Probably won't recommend or go back unfortunately.Simple clean , friendly staff but the selection is not  that greatI'm a regular Goodwill shopper and this was my first visit to this location and overall I was not impressed. The store has a strange layout. The front entrance is a huge bare space save for two rounders filled with both men's and women's clothing. Not sure why they were there. Anyway, the store's racks were so over stuffed with clothing I could not separate each item to shop. My arm got seriously tired from forcibly pushing clothing back so I could see each item. After about 20 minutes I gave up, it was frustrating.Lastly, the employees here are kind of annoying. On the day I visited, several were loudly joking with one another and practically yelling at each from across the selling floor so customers could hear every word. Sorry I don't come to Goodwill to listen to employees complaining about work schedules or when one is taking a lunch break. A little chatter is fine, but this was way out of control and bordered on being obnoxious. Obviously there was no supervisor on duty (It was a Sunday).  Maybe I caught this store on a bad day, but I'm in no rush to shop here again.male and female clothes all mixed in the same rackI recently tried the boot camp here. Overall, it was pretty disappointing. I called initially in January and asked to be in the morning classes, they were all booked. I was told to call back in a month. Called again in March, Reggie suggested that I start in April, there would be 2 spots open then for me and a friend. We went in for our consultations and were supposed to get a call back the week before we were to start the morning class. Never got a call, so I called back. The class was full again, sorry. After 4 months of waiting we decided to go to the 4:15 class, which we were told was the only class with space. We could only go 2 nights a week, because neither of us are actually done with work by 4:15, but whatever. It was really frustrating how this played out, but we were supposed to be notified if any other time slots opened up. Then, I heard someone in the 5:15 class say that this was their first class. We were never notified of other time slots opening, or asked about measurements, nutrition, etc.As for the trainers:Rosie was great. I liked her as an instructor, and felt that she matched everyone's fitness to the task at hand. Craig seemed not to really care what you were feeling and just wanted you to push through any pain, which is fine, but he told someone in our class something like, unless you are grabbing your leg in pain and about to cry then the pain doesn't matter... I'm no doctor, but I am pretty sure he isn't either, and I am pretty sure you shouldn't get to the point that you are on the ground writhing in pain. He also told me that I should stop running because it was bad for my fitness... He was ultimately the reason I quit going. Reggie I saw once for the consultation, he said that there would be nutrition measurements and body fat calculations to track progress, but I never saw him again, and never got those. I don't know. This was my first experience with a boot camp gym. Maybe it just wasn't for me.This review is more of the service then the food. The phillys are awesome and at a great value considering it is a casino. However, the service can be terrible at times. Not that those poor girls don't try but they seem to be frequently understaffed for the volume they do, often working by themselves for hours. Other then the constant staffing issues this place is a gem.Wir waren zum brunchen da und es hat uns leider nicht berzeugt.Receptionist very nice. ..lash staff not friendly,  no conversation.  This is the second time I've had individual lashes and this time it burned and my eyes watered for hours after the install.  I won't be going back. .I always check reviews here first and should have listened to everyone who gave it low stars..the state Board also came to do an inspection. .not sure how that turned out. ..but that also held up service. .the chair was comfy,  and the place was clean inside. .This is the branch inside of Albertson's. I'm only giving it 2 stars for the fact that they are open 7 days a week. Beyond that, this place is exactly as lacking and poorly ran as you'd expect a USPS branch to be. They only have 1 person (let me repeat: ONE person) working at a time, even during the busy holiday season when the line is literally to the back of the store. So when it comes time for their break, they actually have to close down for an hour. If you're in line, no matter how long you've already been waiting, you're out of luck. The guy (Kevin) who has repeatedly waited on me is kind of a jerk. He's super-friendly to some people (regulars, i suppose) but a total ass to others. When I've been in, he's seemed annoyed at my (and various others') presence only speaking when its an absolute must....and even then, quite begrudgingly. When he silently holds a receipt out to you and blankly stares at you, that's your cue to stop "bothering" him and move along. And don't try to thank him or tell him to have a nice day. Even the most basic attempts at civility and friendliness tend to be greeted with smug, stone-faced silence. Beyond that, the way this jerk just carelessly, almost angrily, chucks boxes into the mail bins is really inappropriate and probably to blame for a good deal of damaged packages. Hey, man, you may hate your job, but that's no reason to treat our packages with such callous disregard. It's really uncalled for and inexcusable. So, in short, this is exactly the kind of notoriously crappy service that has made the USPS into a joke and, soon, a thing of the past.Usps is what it is. Kinda slow and a little annoying. This place has really bizarre hours. I feel everytime I come here needing to post something they close early or open late. I think there is only one person that actually works here. Also before they open there seems to be always a line.

Darlene at the buffet, cheerful, friendly, and made you feel at home.

1 star for a successful pulled brisket sandwich.If Booby-Q was closer, i would be heading there for lunch instead of Honey Bear's BBQ.PS - they were busy at lunch, so there must be some fans around.Not sure where all that smoke is going but there's not much on the meat! I had the sliders one of each; no go:( All 3 meats dry and not much flavor. (Except when you add sauce) Not that great; but hey, maybe it's an off day for them.I went to Honey Bear's BBQ with some people from work. I just wasn't impressed. Every sandwich was on a (fairly soggy) standard grocery store hamburger bun. The insides were good, but nothing to write home about. The sides were ok, but not a single person finished, so that wasn't a ringing endorsement to me.The thing that really soured me was that unless we ate outside, our party of more than 4 couldn't fit in any of the tables. In many places, eating outside wouldn't matter, but this in Phoenix and it was hot that day. I probably won't go back but if a group of people wanted to go there, it would be fine. It isn't so expensive that I would mind.For over $11 you expect something more than a soggy grocery store bun. The pulled pork sandwich is really small compared to most places. The cheap bun doesn't support the sauce. Overpriced lunch combo for sure.I visited here for lunch once last year, and the meal was fine. Since it's close to my firm's Phoenix office, and I was in the mood for BBQ, I figured I'd try it again. Big mistake. First off, even though I arrived exactly at noon, they were already sold out of a number of sides, including corn bread. Moreover, they served me the very last serving of brisket. At noon!The meat itself smelled horrible. Literally a faint odor of dog food. The sauce was quite good, and masked the scent somewhat, but I ended up throwing most of the meat out. I seriously wish that I'd thrown it all out, as the scent and taste lingered for hours. The coleslaw was prepackaged in the fridge, and tasted like it. The beans were actually quite good (earning a second star begrudgingly). The service was, umm, strange. Not friendly or unfriendly. Just uncomfortable. And I needed to wait about 10 minutes for my food, even though the place was almost empty. Did I mention it was noon?Never again.Not as good today as any other time i have been there in the last 25 years. The ribs were undercooked :(  The woman behind the counter didnt know what i was talking about when I couldn't eat the roll because it was wheat. She assured me it was 'white."It was okayish. The person taking our order was pretty sweet, but the food was flavorless and mushy. The beef brisket was probably the best part of the meal but it wasn't anything to write home about. Restaurant itself was a little warm, despite the cool day. It was overall a really "meh" experience, and at $30+ for two people it's not worth it.Ordered the #1 combo. Sub-par pulled pork sandwich. I was very surprised to find that the meat was tough and hard to chew. No real bbq (smokey) taste. The bun was pretty cheap and mushy after being soaked through. Bbq sauce was nothing special. Fries were standard. It wouldn't have been such a disaster if i hadn't paid $10.49 (not including tax) for the lunch time meal. I won't be back. Prices are too high for standard fare.WATCH OUT FOR THE TIP AUTOMATICALLY CHARGED BY THE SERVER IF YOU ARE THERE FOR THE GROUP GATHERING!I have been to this place twice (Happy Hour and Dinner) and the food and wine are generally decent. I can't complain much about the ambient, cheese, food, and wine, but when it comes to the time to pay, some server charges excessive amount of service tip on your bill. You need to watch out for this and need to sober up!One of the servers told me that the tip amount for the group gathering (6 people or more) is 18% out of the total before Tax, but when I received the bill the gratuity was 23% AFTER THE TAX amount. (I realized this when I saw the bill next day). So I over paid the tip although I thought the service was OK. (I asked for a glass of ice water several times, but the server was keep forgetting my requests).Again, if you are planning some group event here, please watch out for the tip unless you believe the service is superb....Meh.Can't believe I'm going to say this... but...So, forget Cheuvront. Just go to Kazmirez.Atleast at Kaz, you get ample variety when you order the fruit/cheese tray. At Cheuvront, you get a minute amount of cheese (only two types) with hardly any fruit or nuts. Forget it. Not worth it. Not after having Kazmirez fruit/cheese tray. Nothing else can compare. I tried a Viogner by the glass, and it was the worst Viogner I've ever had. Also good to know: their bottle service is pricey. You can guy a $17 bottle of wine there and take it to go (good deal) or pay $35 for the same bottle to drink it at the restaurant. Uhmm... wow. I feel for my date. He bought a glass of wine, 1 bottle of wine and 1 small cheese/fruit tray and it come to around $100. That, my friends, is the definition of absurdity.I really wanted to like Cheuvront--the idea of having an urbane spot in which to explore a wide range of wines and uncommon cheeses was very appealing.  If I had stuck with that I might have had a very different experience.  Unfortunately, I tried to range farther afield and came away feeling like everything except the wine and cheese came from Costco.

*InBody520 body-composition analysis

2 Stars - I will never for back but wouldn't stop someone else for trying it themselves.3 Stars - I would come back if someone suggested it.4 Stars - I will come back often and will try to get new people to come with me.5 Stars - My second home.I guess I should congratulate Franktuary for serving the third best hot dog in Pittsburgh.  What a HUGE disappointment!  How can a place that claims to honor the hot dog serve such a bad dog?  Regardless of the topping the physical wiener is the heart of it all. This one just doesn't cut the mustard.  It is thin, bland, was missing that delightful snap and was so small that it seemed to swim in the bun.My wife and I both ordered a beer and a hot dog while there.  I had the Chicago Impostor and she had the Mexican.  The city of Chicago should mourn that someone would liken this offering to their glorious dog.  Because the wiener is so small it had too many toppings.  The toppings also sucked.  Halved cherry tomatoes and a gross relish.  As for my wife's mexico dog she said that she couldn't really remember much about it 45 minutes after we ate.  That should say it all.  The poutine fries we tried were also overly salty.I guess my problem with this and a lot of the hipster restaurants in the Lawrenceville area is that no one cares if it is local and sustainable if it isn't good or better than the original. One final note, I found it offensive to chefs around the world that the guy making poutine and hot dogs felt the need to rock a chef's coat.  I guess if I have white jump suit and a model rocket I can call myself an astronautTotal meh.  The poutine was NOT poutine.  The gravy was all wrong and the curds weren't melted a bit. If you want better poutine, go to Park Brugges.  The chickpea fries were overly peppered and were just one note, though they were lighter than other versions I've had.  Hot dogs were ok. Had a dog with chili on it, there was a lack of depth of flavor in the chili, needed more cumin or something. A bit of sweetness is fine with chili, but it was missing the hot and the spice.  I like the hotdogs much better at Station Street.  The atmosphere was nice and the seating was cool (with the pews and all) but not really going to be going back anytime soon.Overpriced, boring food. Extremely expensive cocktails. Not worth the trip.If I had a dollar for every time I visited Hot Dogma back in the day, I'd have...well, about $6.  Still, I adored it.  When the Dogma hit the fan and the name changed, I happily kneeled to Franktuary instead.  So, when word came that the one and only sanctuary of franks was opening in my 'hood, I was excited!  Unfortunately, I've been here thrice so far and have yet to love it.  The menu looks good in theory, but the food and service are average in my opinion.  Sure, $4ish for a dog is a bit on the high end, but if the ingredients make up for it, I'm fine with the price tag.  However, what I do think is a bit much is the fragment of romaine lettuce I received with my salmon fishfurter recently.  It wasn't even enough lettuce to roll up alongside the dog (if you're a weirdo who likes to wrap everything in lettuce like I do).  At 50 cents extra, it's not going to break the bank, I'm curious as to why I'm paying 50 more cents to forego the nice looking fresh bun for half a leaf of romaine - I just don't get it. My manfriend went for one of the poutines and was also pretty disappointed.  I say, stick to Kelly's for poutine, check out Franktuary downtown for a dog and stop by the L'Ville location for their bar.  Everybody wins.Sweet Baby Jesus, can't a girl please find decent poutine in Lawrenceville? I thought you'd be my savior Frankuary, instead you've left me totally confused and questioning my faith. Back in the day (college days to be specific) I loved the Frantuary. I am wondering if I was maybe just drunk? These days, I get really irritated when I cannot get a calorie free beverage aside from water in a restaurant. I honestly cannot tolerate drinking plain tap water with food and no, no I do not want your hipster Boylan's, OK?! I get it, you don't want me to die from terrible chemicals or high fructose corn syrup. But a Diet Pepsi MIGHT have made your blasphemous rip on poutine more tolerable. Probably not.  Anyway, we ordered 2 plates of Poutine Qubcois. It was bland and didn't have enough cheese curds. My friend stopped eating his after the curds were gone. Since there were 5 on his place, more than half the fries were left. I ate more of mine because I was hungry, but did not finish my plate (which is basically unheard of, as I am a glutton). Gravy was totally tasteless. No salt and tasted like it was thickened with corn starch. A really, really WEAK dish that needs to be totally reworked or taken off the menu. I don't know, I guess because my previous positive experiences, I would give Frankuary a chance to atone for their transgressions but no any time soon.I've had 3 additional visits to Franktuary and I'm afraid there have been no improvements since it first opened. I will echo what others have said and say that the Poutine is tasteless and bland. The gravy has no flavor and there are almost no cheese curds. As I've said before the presentation of the hot dogs needs work. The buns are bland and overpower the hot dog and the ingredients.I had really high hopes for this place but every time I leave still feeling hungry and like I didn't come anywhere close to getting my money's worth. Although they don't serve Hot Dogs I would strongly suggest going to Remedy for much better bar/finger food.I went here for my friend's birthday dinner and didn't really know what to expect from a classy hot dog joint. It was perfect for her because she's a vegetarian and they have all sorts of vegetarian options, but I was underwhelmed by the options given the prices. I ended up having some of the poutine (didn't even come close to the ones I've had in Montreal), the chickpea fries (which a lot of people say had the texture of chicken... definitely did not), and a salad with a sausage. The salad was measly and the sausage was good, but nothing special. My friends ordered actual hot dogs, which looked good and they enjoyed, but the prices were a bid high for what they were getting!The cocktails were good and the beer selection was quite nice, so I'd say this may be a better place for a nighttime drink and munchies rather than dinner. The service was neither good nor bad.I have heard about Franktuary and had been planning on checking it out.   After stopping at three other places, all of which we're closed , I ended up here.  The atmosphere.   Clean and open but loud.  Made it hard to talk with Dana across the table.   The garage door walls were open and the breeze was nice. The prices are a little ridiculous for the basic dog.  $3.5-4?  Come on.  Lower the cost of the dogs and increase the topping style costs.   So the dogs came.    There is nothing.  Repeat nothing! Special about a basic beef wiener on a potato bun.  The toppings were fresh and well prepared.   But it doesn't make us ever want to come back.     Ever!Don't get me wrong , the dogs, when topped, are good.  I just don't think they will be able to sustain a regular, dependable crowd at these prices.    We left hungry and feeling tricked out of $20+I've given it several tries now and honestly, it's just not even close to worth it.The prices are laughable for what you get when you take into consideration the quality. The poutine is fairly dour, compare it to the offering at Park Brugges (a pricier place but the same price for poutine) and you'll see what I mean. The gravy is all salt no flavor, the fries are so so, and the cheese curds never taste particularly fresh. The standard buns and dogs (which you'll get if you don't want to spend seven dollars per hotdog) are nothing to write home about, but they're fine. Last time I went the buns were stale but that was a one time thing from what I could tell. The choices for variety of toppings are plentiful, but most of them just run together. The side of fries is about the size of a medium fry from Wendy's, so don't expect to be able to share it.  Oh I'm sorry, frittes. The beer selection is okay but way overpriced, it's lazy to just slap a six dollar price point on all your beer that isn't Straub (still over three dollars, come on man), they should range from 4-7 or so. Haven't bothered with the ten dollar cocktails (sorry, "libations" see: http://www.theonion.com/articles/dude-with-knit-hat-at-party-calls-beer-libations,32433/ )The service is good though. Last time I went my wife's veggie dogs were ice cold and the server was rather penitent about it, and clearly seemed pissed at the kitchen staff. It was busy and took fifteen minutes to get them redone, I'm not quite sure what kitchen doesn't prioritize re-fires, that's been SOP in every restaurant I've worked in. Ordered poutine and the kitchen just never made it, which was nice of them. But again the servers are really nice and make up for the bad eggs in the kitchen. For the price you are much better off going somewhere else. The portions and quality are just subpar. I've enjoyed the downtown location but the Lawrenceville one just seems like a scam to fleece hipsters of their parents' money when they're too dense to realize they could get more elsewhere.I didn't have a great experience. I won't be back. But maybe it was just a bad night. The food was good, but the attitude we got was out of place. They have hot dogs. They act like they're doing you a favor serving you hot dogs.Two stars for the concept, we wanted to like you and appreciate these types of restaurants in Pittsburgh.  We have visited three times and all three were letdowns in different ways.  The menu holds promise with the styles of dogs, the interior has an interesting mix of ambiance and dcor.For five or six bucks a specialty hot dog, there better be some differentiation, and unfortunately it is just not there.  You would think the dogs would be high quality made in house or at least by a local butcher, we saw them opening packages of the same hot dogs you could find in a supermarket.  The fries we tried twice, both times the gravy was off tasting and overly salty.The last time we ordered a corn dog in addition to several other varieties.  The disinterested waiter brought a veggie dog instead, which we tried to stomach but was terrible.  At the same time the other food was cold, I find it difficult to understand how a single cook in an empty restaurant can send out wrong and cold food (you put chili on pre cooked hot dogs all day).  Perhaps she was too concerned about applying the perfect ribbon of mustard.Franktuary - stick to what you do best: hotdogs.  I had brunch here over the weekend and I was 'not impressed'. I ordered the Benedict Arnold Poutine.  The hash browns were fried to such a crisp that I could pick it up and pound it on the dish and it wouldn't break.  It was supposed to include bacon - I suppose it was cut up in the mix but you could have fooled me.

Crazy lines, takes forever to get in, and when you do finally get in, it's a typical night club with drunks in it.I must say that the inside decor is pretty cool and it's really spacious inside.Had pre-paid tickets ($10 girls/$20 guys ... a great deal compared to XS, Encore, etc.) from wantickets.com that helped us skip the general admission line that wrapped around the escalator area in front of TAO. We were let in within about 30 minutes, yay! However, TAO on a TAO "Worship Thursday" during EDC weekend for ATB (who was SICK! ATB! ATB! ATB!) was packedpackedpacked... maybe it was because it was also EDC weekend or because ATB was performing, but seeing everyone else's reviews, I wouldn't blame it on either. Like what Lauren L. states... TAO is unfortunately very small compared to the newer clubs like XS and Marquee, and management doesn't mind packing everyone in like sardines. Additionally, the bouncers treat you like shit unless you've purchased a table/bottle service. Also, bathrooms are sketch... the doors have a weird lighting effect controlled from outside that allows those from outside to see whats going on inside, and the doors don't lock properly (be warned of possibly getting locked in or being walked into whilst mid-business -_-)...If you want to enjoy TAO... gather up friends to purchase a table and tip the bouncers. Otherwise, get buzzing so that you don't mind rubbing shoulders with everyone.This review is long overdue for Tao. I went to Vegas with a group of friends a few weeks ago, and most of them have never been to Tao. Since I had a promoter connection, I thought it would be a good idea to check it out; didn't matter anyway since we got in-house passes for staying at the Venetian. I'm Asian and I'm offended. It was my second time at Tao, and believe me, the experience didn't get any better even when slightly tipsy and with very good company. Like what other people said in their reviews, the layout at Tao is ridiculous. It's all very pretty and rose petally and giant buddha-y, but the first floor with the entrance to the club is reserved for tables only. So when you go in, you're immediately ushered up the stairs to the main dance floor and bars. First floor wasted. And that was where the giant Buddha was! Man, some people would like to have some fun around our own cultural/religious relics, okay?Second floor. It's literally a maze because the walkways are so narrow. It's actually quite spacious, but the dance floors are totally blocked off by one passageway with some rose petal dancers lined up against the walls. My friends and I had a bad encounter with a bartender too. Even though we had free drinks bracelets (good for before 11PM), the bartender said, no well drinks only, even though my friend got a cranberry vodka from another bartender. He said this to 3 Asian girls in front of him with their boobs practically dangling out. Geez, talk about not having yellow fever? Don't freaking work at Tao, dude. Dance floor sucks. I also feel like I'm squeezing my way through narrow passageways with people's sweat dripping all over me. There is a random elevated walkway/stage that is also roped off. The bouncers and guards are so much stricter here than other clubs like XS. They're like "no leaning against the walls". Mister, don't you see that I was practically pushed against this wall? Not my fault! I guess I'm spoiled by outdoor clubs like the ones in Encore, but oh god, Tao is so suffocating because it has no ventilation whatsoever. There is a tiny balcony that 30 people pack into like sardines because it's the only escape we have. Even then, the balcony's used for smokers and all I smell is the second-hand smoke killing my lungs instead of real fresh (desert) air. I gave this a two-star instead of one because I'm assuming the experience is slightly better if you have the $$ for bottle service, or if you're a very available, single lady looking to work your way into one of the tables.I was in vegas about 2 weeks ago and I still miss it...BUT I would never go to this club again. The girls and I came here the day Kim K was having her bachelorette party. It was superrrrrr crowded. Even though we had "vip" we still had to wait about 20 min to get in. The music also sucked!!! They played "Birthday Sex" twice in a hour. They also played a bunch of old pop and hip hop. I prefer dance music, but I guess the dj was stuck in the early 2000s. The only cool part was when they dropped the confetti and this chick was doing some crazy tricks in the air. I should have went to marquee =/ Oh well there's always next year!After visiting the New York location I was a little disappointed with the Vegas one. We had reservations and still had to wait to be seated, the service was lackluster, the food was alright, and the place was really crowded. The epitome of a tourist trap! If you eat there they let you get into the "club section" of TAO for free and you could allegedly skip the lines. It was such an overly-presumptuous place that they made us go outside again, get stamped, and then come back inside. We finally got in and we could barely walk, let alone dance. That's just not my cup of tea!Why didn't I learn my lesson from the last time?  This last visit to Tao reminded me why I don't like it very much.  It's still overcrowded with SWEAAAATY people (passed by a dude whose shirt was SOAKING WET...ugh) and the music was so-so.  We were trying to dance in one of the smaller rooms and the DJ was super weird.  He played some funky songs that were hard to dance to.  Occasionally, he'd place some good tunes, but then he'd repeat them for like a minute too long.  It was AWKWARD.I have been to Tao nightclub three different times and this is what I take from it.1. I am assuming that bottle service would be highly recommended here as every other bar in this nightclub is packed and if your tits aren't sticking out over the bar good luck trying to get a drink.

Even the container it came in looked like an instant noodle soup container. If I knew ahead of time it wouldn't be good I would have probably bought a cup o noodle instead. I hope this chain doesn't make its way to the midwest. If it does hopefully they can make the noodle soup from scratchWorst customer services and slow. However,the restaurant was clean but as you turn the corner, you can see employees putting their filthy feet and shoe on the tableI used to love this place because it reminded me of the Philippines. Now? Not anymore. The people are nice & respectful. And I always get the tocino with bangus, egg, and rice. Their prices increased and their portions are a lot smaller than before. Seriously, Chow King? You're going to raise prices AND decrease the portions? Yeah, I'm done with you. We are definitely breaking up. You only get two stars because the staff is friendly, but your food portions and trying to rip people off? Yeah, you lost six customers.I used to enjoy chow King when I was younger, so since I've moved away from my family I would come by to have a little piece of home. Unfortunately everything is so overpriced and the serving size and quality of food overall just doesn't match up to the cost. I really don't recommend spending money hereDelish baked goods, but the customer service is not up to par. In all honesty, I understand that it's a small shop but if the cashier didn't ring up or bag the items I placed in front of her, there has to be something wrong, right? I've experienced this more than a few times. I went back because I liked the baked goods and it's conveniently located next to Seafood City after grocery shopping.  In my opinion, customer service will make or break your business.I like their baked goods, so I will continue to go here, I will update my review the next time I go here.I love this bakeshop because we used to buy 'pandesal and ube" bread here all the time. I tried their cheese bread and pimiento bread like four months ago & it was awesome. So everytime I have the chance to stop by and buy some pimiento and cheese-like bread (talking about like the ube bread they're selling) its always sold out. There is this one time that Iam able to get 1 pack each but I got so disappointed because there's no cheese inside the bread..but there's cheese outside :-( .. so I thought maybe the baker just forgot to put some inside and he thought he did so I let it passed... then just yesterday I got the chance to get another pimiento bread and Iam eating it right now... well there are pimiento again on the outside of the bread when u looked at the plastic pack..iam so excited to get the first bread on top but to my dismay..as I was chewing it,oh my the first bread totally doesn't have a cheese..inside and out :-( so I threw it).. now my 2nd bread , theres cheese outside and inside..it was totally good..on my 3rd bread,only cheese outside and nothing inside... and this bread per pack are almost $4.. im not gonna crave for this anymore because I felt that I was DECEIVED for the second time with this bakeshop.For the owner and manager:  just a piece of advice... if you like to keep your customer.. please maintain the quality of the bread even if the prices get higher that's ok because the customer will understand that but if the quality got low and not as expected as before you will lose us and your business.today I came into this bakery with my family and received horrible customer service. We have been coming to this bakery for quite some time now and we've  never had any issues, accept for today with a specific employee that was named as May on our receipt at the location on Maryland parkway in Las Vegas Nevada in the seafood city plaza. When we walked in we were the only customers in the shop and right away we noticed the bad vibe the cashier was giving. No smile, no welcome gestures and no eye contact. We then proceeded to check out our items and we asked May if there was a certain bread that they carried and she was very short with us as if she did not want to assist us. We felt very rushed for no reason, mind you we were the only customers in the shop. As we walked out of the shop we noticed that we did not receive the correct bread that we asked for. We then told her about the issue and she gave us a very rude, disrespectful response about how she had shown us the order before putting it in the bag and continued rolling her eyes. Yes, she may have shown us the order but with how rushed we felt, You can't really blame us for not being able to confirm if our order was correct. She made my family and I a very uncomfortable experience with her negative energy. I'm not sure if she was having a bad day but there is no reason to be giving customers that kind of service.Here's the one thing about Eat Unique:  the food is quite good -- interesting and tasty.Here's the other thing about Eat Unique: if you go during the lunchtime rush, they will take forever to finish your order, and then there's a good chance they will have gotten the order wrong.The counter is a whirling nightmare of poorly designed space, with various customers milling around waiting to order, waiting for their order, or trying to figure out if the mysterious back register is open or not.If you're here during the lunch rush, your only hope for not dying of starvation is ordering pre-made food: salads and soups.  If you order a grilled sandwich, you're completely screwed.This is a shame because, as I said, the food is actually pretty good.  If they could turn an order around in less than 5 minutes, I'd eat here every day.  But until then, I can only take eating here about once a month.   I want lunch to lower my stress, not increase it.On a positive note, they do have good breakfast sandwiches, and the place is usually not busy at breakfast, so you can grab a good bite to eat there in the mornings.While their sandwiches are tasty, there's just not enough for the price.  It's crowded and just not worth it when Quizno's and Subway are throwing $5 footlongs at your feet.Great food, awful service, a sandwich takes about 25 min to make. I recommending eating here but call in.Just because you are unique does not mean you are good.

The good is mostly about presentation. The look of the place, the platter presentation but not necessarily what is on the platter. The place looks great. Wooden tables, lights made out of Masson Jars, old time ceiling it all works and says BBQ. The smell of the smoked meat is intoxicating. When you order, you don't wait long to get your meal. The good ends here.THE BAD

My group got their drinks quickly and then subsequently tried to wave down the bartender for water. Bartender ignored us and even motioned us away. As the night went on, the floor got more packed to the point where we just didn't have room to dance. There were also a ton of men clogging up the dance floor standing there looking either stoic or annoyed.THE UGLY

Strawberry waffles: very good. Fresh strawberries, which is a huge plus

No oatmeal in sight, very limited fresh fruit selection, and a couple stations full of Asian food including sushi, and salmon and lox.

- Sit outside over looking the meadows

Standing in lines is kind of fun and different and you get to watch your items as they are prepared. Self seating, self pick up of food.Has potential to be much more than it is. Too much of a factory feel given how many people visit for lunch during weekdays - I wonder if they all like it or take it to be what good food is?I had the pesto basil pasta. Turned out very dry, not spicy despite the cook telling me that its spicy already when I asked her to add more green chilis. Reviews were pretty much the same across the table for the 6-7 of us who had lunch there.Went for dessert & drinks.  Bar service was a slow & desserts were meh.  Did like the location & that the front walls opened to the street, but that isn't enough to get me to go back. Too many other great options around the area to settle for meh.Complicated set-up with zero service.  Chef was inflexible when asked if he could make something not specifically listed on limited menu.  Use of card to order everything was like being on a cruise ship. Food was average, pasta under cooked and pizza basic.  Italian food in a modern Asian decor?  Massive space with restrooms at far back.  Bartender was friendly.  Wonder if they will have the repeat dinner traffic to make it (was empty on a Tuesday night).  Points for originality but not my thing.I've been here several times. I have zero problem with the food itself - in fact I crave the stuff. The issue is with staff. Both times I have had a dining partner and we have paid together as a couple. First visit we used two cards for our food and my partner was harassed on the way out for "not paying" so I had to show my receipt to remind them that I had paid for her meal. Trying to avoid humiliating my dining partner the next time I went, I politely declined the second card when I arrived and was chastised loudly with, "EVERYONE HAS to have an individual card". So as we leave... Guess what? "Ma'am. You have to pay". I'm done here. The chefs are slow, hard to understand (you're speaking over a counter in a crowded restaurant...stop murmuring), the service clearing tables is slow on busy nights, it's impossible to get help from wait staff to clear tables, and the hostess has accused me of theft for the last time.Vapiano's is just okay. Given that I don't work uptown, and coming uptown and trying to find parking around lunch is as frustrating as it is, Vapiano's, would never be be where I choose to ever go.Anyways, been here twice. It is cafeteria style like all the other reviews mentioned and has a fun loungey but modern vibe. They, supposedly, and rather publicly, make their own pasta and grow all their herbs. Funny how they always seem to be pressing pasta and rolling herbs in the cart during lunch rush...speaking of lunch rush tables are hard to come by if you come right at noon. You are able to reserve them, though!The portions are good but it is a little on the expensive side for the quality. I do enjoy the bread (served hot!) and love that they have oil and vinegar on the table for dipping. I've gotten the caprese pizza and the turkey club panini and have been let me down both times. They just seem to skimp on the toppings and "extras" (see picture of turkey club with tiny bit of prosciutto). Lunch mate had maybe 4 olive slices on the whole damn pizza.They only have a few panini options and no bread choices. The pasta and pizza menus are pretty size able, though. The side salad, which come with the paninis, is iceberg lettuce and they will not ask your dressing option. Overall, like I said, this would never be somewhere I would choose to go given all the other many wonderful options in the area, but it's quick and they put on a pretty good show.I love the food here when it is cooked correctly.  I work across the street from here and have been many times.    However they have some of the rudest employee's I have ever encountered at a restaurant.  It has taken multiple bad experiences for me to write this review.    You just never know what your experience will be and the employees have some type of anger toward the customers.  I have seen it on multiple visits.  One my last visit I went with a co-worker who walked out after being insulted by the cook.   It is really a shame.  I have many times visited the Vapianos restaurant in Reston Town Center in VA and never had this happen.As other Yelpers have mentioned, the staff need an attitude adjustment.  I mean who doesn't like cold pizza since you never rang our buzzer to come get it?  My bad!  The idea behind this restaurant has huge potential.  Too bad the staff has such attitude.It's a good concept, but poorly executed. I have been to Vapiano about 4 times and each time it gets worse. If you have haven't been before, when you walk in, it looks appealing and smells good. They hand you a blank credit card and you walk up to the food stations to order. Pizza station first, then the pasta stations. Then you take a seat and wait to pick up your food. When I went with my friend, she had never been before, she was utterly confused by the place, several people cut in front of her at the food stations, and she had to wait forever for her meal. When she got it, she said it was mediocre at best and she was never coming back with me. I have been during the work week lunch time crowd (go at 11:30am or the lines become unmanageable) and for the 5pm dinner. They do have a small outdoor seating area but don't bother as all you are doing is watching office workers go home!As for my meal, I got the pizza- it was an undercooked bland mess. Then I got the pasta, there is a difference between al dente and hard. This restaurant needs to spend the extra 3 minutes and make sure the food is cooked thoroughly. To Vapiano: either do table service or set it up cafeteria style, this in-between business is not working.For those unfamiliar with Vapiano, it's an international chain and their Charlotte location leaves a lot to be desired. The food is extremely greasy and poorly seasoned. Considering this is Charlotte, I was shocked that the staff there are so unfriendly.The management here could learn so much from the locations in DC. Also, is that styrofoam they're still using? Vapiano Charlotte, maybe consider those awesome containers being used in locations elsewhere? They're recyclable and pretty sweet.This place scores points for having a pleasant atmosphere and convenient ordering/seating system.  It is a spacious venue with high ceilings, a variety of tables that are regular and high seating, and a large bar area.  The ordering system is great for groups looking to split checks - they give each person a card which is swiped with each food or drink order and you pay upon exiting.  They have a variety of offerings including pastas, sandwiches, appetizers, soup, salads, pizzas, and desserts.  The pasta portions are really big.  If you are a fan of banana pudding this one is good.  The sangria was kind of gross because it was almost sickeningly sweet.  I also tried a glass of montepulciano but was again disappointed.  While the food prices are reasonable the drinks prices for wines by the glass are a bit steep.  Service was fairly non-existent but that's not a huge issue when you wait for your food at each station and serve yourself drinks (including water and alcohol).In terms of convenience, Vapianos has it all: great location (walkable from most uptown office buildings and apartments), large seating area and bar and something for everyone. The service, however, makes this location worth missing. I have frequently waited 25+ minutes for a Caesar salad to go, and on two occasions, the man at the salad station forgot to make my food entirely. There was also one occasion where I ordered my dressing on the side, and the man at the counter told me he would not remake my salad (i.e. put lettuce in a different container and add crotons). Worth noting that this has been the same man every time. The food is ok, a bit overpriced for what you get, but if you are in a hurry, or value the correctness of your order, do not come here. I suggest the restaurant find someone new to work the salad counter ASAP!I went today for my first visit and doubt I will go back. I booked a reservation for 14 earlier in the week. When we got there the table on sat 12. I asked the hostess if there was another place to sit. She replied "no" and that was it. I got my group settled and then found a few small tables myself and put them together. No one came by to apologize or even check on things. I did ask for him at the end of the meal and explained to him what happened. At that time he said this normally doesn't happen, it was the opening manager that didn't set it up properly and apologized. All in all, not a good experience. If the food had been special perhaps I would go back, but it wasn't, so I won't.Middle aged woman alert- I find the concept a little bizarre. There is simply too much going on for anything to be particularly noteworthy. Maybe, I'm just not hip enough. Mediocre pasta, there is no service. If there where no other restaurant on the planet, I suppose I would return. Also, incredibly noisy at lunchtime.After two negative experiences with food, I have to update my rating. Had the RAVIOLI RICOTTA E SPINACI. It was extremely bland. I thought there was going to be actual pieces of spinach in the ravioli, but it was more like spinach flavored ricotta cheese. And the tomato sauce couldn't save it. Just terrible all around. Also had the pesto pasta with shrimp on a  Saturday night when they have jazz. It was all I could do to eat this crap. AND there were only THREE LONELY SHRIMP in the entire dish. I know for a fact there are supposed to be more shrimp. I am disappointed at the quality of food I've experienced as of late. I understand people want to be healthy, but PLEASE use some salt or spices or something because at this rate I'll never be returning for the food.I went here for lunch one day and I thought it was great. The staff was friendly, the food was delicious, the prices were great, and the place was clean. I liked it so much that I went back there on a date. The place was a mess, the staff were unprofessional, and the food was disappointing. They used deli sliced chicken on a popular italian sandwich, where it's customary to use grilled chicken breast.Meh. At least for the salad w grilled shrimp. It has a furr's cafeteria but all grown up feel. You have to schlepp over to which ever station has what you want and yell your order at a minimum wage employee who is clearly not a chef and then schlepp over to the bar and explain to the bartender what  Sauvignon blanc is. They are very nice but food is kind of "subway without the pedo spokesperson."  The salad is iceberg lettuce and the dressings are full of sugar.  Maybe the pizza is better.Ok the service here is awful on a Saturday night. We went here for my sister's graduation dinner. Due to the odd ordering system that requires you to leave your table and stand in line, we had our reserved, eight-person table jacked from us by a smug couple, and the management wouldn't kick them off, instead forcing us to wait for a new table to become available. We waited. By the time our new table was available, our food was ready. I had a regular cheese pie. It was pretty good, but not good enough to make up for the awful service! Won't be back!My mix fajitas were burn and rice was awful. Not only that service terrible she took our order and never came back to ask if we needed something else. I had to get up and get her from behind the counter she was just talking abc having a drink instead of working. I will never be back here the waitress was so lazy. $50 dollars for a piece of s.... FoodI had a terrible experience after several chances I gave UP. Try Tracy Riggs Salon on Woodlawn. I'm from Chicago and I can't take unprofessionalism. My daughter had several appointments the first one we were called 30 minutes before to tell us that she had to cancel for a family emergency. Understandable, even though we don't live remotely close to the salon and were on the road, second appointment we were there 5 minutes early and the stylist was 45minutes late but did a good job so we returned, third time she was 15 minutes late still a good job. The LAST and FINAL visit, my husband took my daughter because I had business that ran over and him being a man didn't know how to go in and make the demands however the stylist does my daughter hair all the time so there is no reason she wouldn't know what to do. She cut my daughter bang WELL over her eyebrows and my daughter hair was nappy as can be the next morning (what type of fake blow-out did she do). I vowed to NEVER EVER step foot in that salon again or refer anyone else to do so..We own a home in Maricopa .... a five minute drive from this casino.  We don't live in Maricopa but visit at least four times a year.  We usually spend between $100 and $200 each on an evening of gambling and the past eight times, neither one of has came out up.  Yes, it is a casino, and you expect to lose, but we drive the extra 25 minutes to go to Wildhorse. At least there, occasionally one of us wins ... and we like the atmosphere better.On a bright note, we love the fact that you can order drinks right from your slot machine.We stayed in a room one night.  It was very clean and comfortable but felt a bit "cold".Sorry, not my favorite.Unlucky Number SevenAs a Phoenician, when the best part of a Casino Staycation is the short drive time vs. the long, boring drive to Las Vegas, it's time to think about flying...up north.While I had a VERY nice and spacious second-floor room (facing the pool vs. the dull desert) in the Ocotillo Building and encountered a 85% great staff (that miserable and mostly muted 15% really need to find another job...one that doesn't deal with the public,) I had way too many, or unlucky number seven, disappointments with the place I will surely never visit again:1. The Trek. It's bad enough the joint has both an unnecessary and uncovered parking lot, but going through that vast lot, passing the casino, through the lobby and navigating in-between THREE hotel buildings is completely absurd. I understand Vegas real estate, or more specifically, the casinos on the strip, have only so much room, and this Harrah's Ak-Chin is dead-center of 100 miles of nothing desert, but there's no reason to spread everything out.2. Bar None.By the time of this writing, they're a week or more away from either reopening or introducing their singular bar. This did not please me on my visit this time and I was punished for my apparently bad timing. I simply cannot stand waiting on the staff for 10+ minutes to bring me my drink or make it a hassle to open a tab or charge to my room when I am at the slots. 3. Screen Test.Oh, and nice. Instead of the bother of flagging down the waitress, they have little computer screens on each slot you can order your beverage...pending you have both the patience of going through 16 screens to get to what you want or waiting the 10 minutes for the waitress to show up.4. Tight not Alright.30% of the slots had the "out of service" notice. 50% of the slots either wouldn't accept my player's card or it took too many annoying and redundant attempts to get it to read the card. 70% of the slots had too high of a denomination of contribution. And 90% of the slots were incredibly too tight. This is thee main reason it's been 3 years, 3 months since I've visited a local Arizona Casino. In fact, this is only the second time I've been to Harrah's Ak-Chin since the late 1990s. Oh, and they're not just tight in payouts, they're tight in space between the machines. For a company that spread out the hotel buildings, rooms, entertainment, lobby, etc...they made the casino a bumper room between machines.5. Charging Backwards.When at the machines, good luck on charging drinks to your room from the credit card hold they anxiously took at check in. Or using a credit card to pay for drinks you shouldn't have to at a casino. Or, heaven forbid...opening a tab with a waitress. I was even told once I could open a tab at "the bar." I readily said: "Oh? Which bar?" To which, she replied: "The one that's opening in a couple of weeks." At least, it saved me a tip.6. Not Buff Enuff.I'm both a bountiful buffet boy - inside and out of Sin City and a fan of most Harrah's seafood buffets. Harrah's Ak-Chin is one of the absolute worst I've visited. This is sad, since I do everything to promote the Harrah's brand on great buffets. Harrah's Las Vegas and Harrah's Laughlin, have fantastic buffets with huge and steamin' crab legs. This one, at Harrah's Ak-Chin, for $25.99 you get the thinnest, the smallest and the most meatless crab legs. But, there's more. You also get approximately 4 stations of really small meat selections and barely edible portions. Just a note: I'm used to 8+ stations, including an island for deserts/salads. This dinky, seat-yourself buffet was not worth but $6 of that $26 you're paying. 7. From a Distance.Want to attend the cinema or go bowling but don't want to drive there to have fun? Unfortunately, even with a hundred miles of zilch desert, they choose to put the star attraction of entertainment outside and across an entire parking lot obviously not modeling the great Palms of Las Vegas which has the casino, food court and movie theatre...JUST DOWN ELEVATOR from your room. Now, I am not considered old, by my means, but I don't have the best back or emotional desire to leave the hotel room, travel through 3 buildings and mouse maze of hallways, through the lobby, by the gift shop, into the cramped, bar-less casino, then outside, passing a massive and questionably uncovered parking lot to get to the entertainment building. Even though I deemed, early on, this was my last trip here, I didn't even bother to see the "Ultrastar Multi-tainment Center." Maybe it was great, maybe a lot of fun...but, it was seriously too much effort for me to make it there.So, I guess, it wasn't lucky number seven for me with my disappointments. Even though I was glad to have such a nice room and a staff that mostly cared, made me laugh and have fun, I still grant this place an extra whole star to...2/5 stars.In the earnest words of the movie, The Hangover, my next casino visit will hear me shout: "Vegas, baby!"I visit the Harrah's AK-Chin casino regularly with my wife.  Visiting this casino was fun and enjoyable.  However, apparently some of the casino managers have developed an attitude that the customer is always wrong in response to complaints. Some have become very defensive and hostile and have embarked upon a program of customer harassment by posting and enforcing a set of very restrictive rules for the diamond lounge.  In addition some managers and casino hosts in response to inquiries regarding casino policy and rules will blame the AK-Chin Indian community in order to avoid the responsibility for addressing the complaints.I was not impressed. First, they really need a better air filter system. I realize it is a casino and there will be smoke but all the others I have been to have a much better filtering system. Second, there was a concert there this past weekend and even though being free and having low expectations because it was free, I was not give accurate information. They said on the phone (since the website did not provide any guidance) that the seats were first come first serve for both shows. They left out the part where they were handing out wristbands 2 hours prior to each show and that they only had 50 for the first show and 16 for the second. And each person in line could take 2. We were there 2.5 hours early to get in line for a seat and were not able to get a wristband. Luckily, I ran into a coworker who got extra and they were there 3.5 hours early in line. This information should have been given out so people could plan accordingly. It wasn't like we showed up at the last minute and expected seats. For the concert, the stage and area is really small, not what I expected but this isn't my complaint. When the show started, people were allowed to stand at the bar in front of the seats, blocking much of the view. So getting the seats were pointless since you couldn't see if you were behind the bar line. I realize they want to make money on the bar but allowing the people to stand up there and block the show to get the drinks was not ok. They should have a cocktail server during the show for the bar line. We won't be back for another one of their shows. I would rather pay for my ticket and know I am going to have a seat and not be blocked. Not worth it even for free!We were looking for some nightlife and decided to hit the casino and catch some live music. Skip it.I ordered a drink at my slot machine and after waiting and gambling for over 20 minutes I cancelled the order and decided to leave. My waitrress & drink never showed. Before the remodel, they had a drink bar where you can go up and get free sodas, coffee, or water but that's gone now. Instead there are shops to spend more money at.

The main corse couscous  and chicken with "steamed vegetables" had no outstanding flavor.  Tasted like chicken and rice. Bastillia was a disaster we were not expecting the bananas and chocolate.  I should have known when it was brought as dessert and not an appetizer .The belly dancer was five stars,.This meal comes in six courses so come hungry. The rose water hand wash is cool. The seating is cool. The place looks cool. The food was not good to me. The main course tasted very bland like i would make at home. I have live in Turkey, been to Greece and expected a bit better. The soup tasted like alphabet soup. The bread was awesome. Just not happy. Oh and they forgot my discount i was supposed to receive so all around looked cute but not the tasteWent for my fiance's birthday this past weekend with some out-of-town friends. It was unique- you step into a "Moroccan tent" and has a great ambiance. The food was very good (shrimp scampi and the filet mignon were exceptional). Unfortunately, the service was something left to be desired. Our main waiter was not very attentive and was slightly rude at times. As a paying customer ($45 pp) I definitely expected more in the way of service. Not likely to return again.Pretty mediocre experience :-( pushy servers offering 6 course meal, even when we were not hungry. they reluctantly offered a ala-cart menu, when we offered to step out as we were just not that hungry. tent looks dark and dingy rather than exotic ! pretty sad experience all in all. Some people were seeming enjoying ! not us.Showed up today excited to take my family to this restaurant, we were sat down and then a rude waiter comes up to us and says OH I didn't know you were here with kids. Then he says its $50 per person even though I didn't ask and then when he sees that we didn't get the hint he tells us he's going to move us to the back of the room and takes away our menus.Restaurant was dark but had family style seating so I don't know why at 6pm it was weird to him that we came with kids. Anyways the food might be good and the ambience is authentic but can't tell you anything about the food because we left feeling very uncomfortable. They got the extra star for the ambience.I'm not sure what all the fuss is about. I expected a lot more from this place after reading all the reviews from other people. Maybe I'm just not used to this style of ramen, and perhaps my experience at ramen places in Gardena, CA might have spoiled my taste buds, but I really didn't find it appealing. I ordered the shio ramen, expecting it to be like the one I usually get at Santouka but it was nothing like that. The broth was clear, unlike the milky white soup base at Santouka. Chashu was rather dry and unflavorful. Maybe it's the best ramen place you can find in Vegas but it just didn't do anything for me.Craving some hearty Japanese ramen, the then Big F called Togoshi Ramen as a place he had visited before.  Since his last visit, the decor has changed and looks a bit more updated as he said.The menu is pretty simple, with ramen being their most popular, a few rice dishes, appetizer plates, and some other entrees.  A few other menu items are posted on the walls.I got the Curry Rice "curry sauce with vegetables and beef over rice" for $7.95, which came with miso soup and a side salad.  The soup and salad arrived first, the soup was heavy with seaweed while the salad was shredded cabbage with a tangy vinaigrette.  When my curry rice arrived, I looked at my meal with disappointment.  It was an average amount, and the vegetables were only carrots and onions.  On top of the rice there was pickled ginger.  As I started to scoop out the sauce and rice onto another plate, I noticed there was no beef present.  I swam my spoon throughout the sauce and there was no beef to be found!  I double checked the menu to be sure it said beef and it did, so I waved the waiter over.  I asked if there was supposed to be beef in my dish and he nodded, and apologized and headed to the cook.  When he returned, I was afraid to see what he held in the small soy sauce dish.  Four pieces of cubed beef in curry sauce was what he placed in front of me, and that was just very sad indeed.  Sad for the beef being completely absent in my dish, and sad because of the sorry four pieces of beef cubes he then gave me.  In regards to taste, the curry sauce was fine, nothing special and not worth the price.The Big F ordered the Cha-Shu Ramen "soy based soup with EXTRA roasted pork" for $9.25.  He was very hungry and the bowl presented in front of him was smaller than what we both had in mind.  He then remembered why he hadn't been back.  He was disappointed the last time and he was disappointed again. We probably could have gone to Yokohama Kaigenro and gotten more for our buck.  There were about four to six pieces of sliced pork in his dish, and I wasn't so sure about what made it so 'extra'.  Overall, we left hungry.  We finished our dinner and was disappointed with the quantity and quality of the food.  Sorry, Togoshi didn't do it for us and you won't see us back here again.(Pics posted!)We first walked in, not knowing what to expect. I went to the mens restroom and was dissapointed that they did not have hand soap.  That wss gross. The cook and hostess were both Japanese. So my skepticism dropped a little. We ordered the shio ramen and gyoza. The food was average and I'm sure there are better ramen in vegas but this place is a quick fix. To your hunger if you are not to picky with ramen. Gyoza I had better. But it was ok. Not great or anything. And prices are ok as well.The most mediocre pizza place in the most mediocre food court in the most mediocre hotel in Las Vegas. Before heading to Sbarro, which is located in a basement food court of Bally's Hotel, ask yourself? Am I hungover? Do I need this food so I don't die? Unless you have answered yes to either of these questions, do not proceed to eat at Sbarro.There's a reason these places are only in food courts. Because nobody with transportation (car, bike, train, jet pack) would actually stop here. And there's a reason they have gone bankrupt twice - the food is bland and overpriced.Seriously, two slices of pizza for like $10 and a Gatorade for $3.50? I can get two pizzas and two gallons of Gatorade from Little Caesars for that much.Pass on the Sbarro and pass on this entire food court. It is not worth your time.Pizza is ok. Pasta is nasty. Employees are careless and annoying. Check the receipt, up grades drinks without asking.I hate this place. Their oxygen is way less strong than lots of the casinos that are just next door. The other day I was playing Pai Gow poker and I couldn't even make it past 8am! I was practically passing out during my comped breakfast at that awful mess of squishy leather booths they call a restaurant.  Get with the program, guys. The Orleans knows how to do it - next time you light a cigarette, notice how strongly the match burns.  They've got that shit turned up to LUDICROUS.  Leave the ether at home and skip the Barbary Coast - oxygen is where it's at.After reading all of these ecstatic reviews, I mentioned to my boyfriend that it would be fun to try this restaurant someday for a fancy occasion. He took me there for my birthday last night and I was underwhelmed.First of all, the decor has not been updated since the 1970s at the latest. Lace tablecloths, hideous carpet, old school everything. The bar was equally strange. We asked for a wine-by-the-glass list at the bar and they didn't have one. We ordered a split of champagne.Upon being seated, we were presented with a massive plate of veggies, two "bread baskets" (translation - one basket of giant water crackers and one basket of flavorless pumpernickel cheese crackers)  and handed the menu. The menu is as old school as menus get. Think about all the items you would see at a fancy restaurant in a small town...the kind where there is only one fancy restaurant. Totally typical meat and fish fare, everything bathed in some sort of butter sauce.Everything is exorbitantly expensive. Most entrees are well north of $50. The only thing on the menu that attracted me was the Maine lobster, but it was over $100 and I didn't feel like any entree at this restaurant would feel worth that much.We ordered the sea bass and the salmon. Before they arrived, we were treated to a citrus-lemon-lime sorbet bathed in champagne. A fun, old school touch. When they came, they were plated next to the table on a rolling station that kept everything warm. Both pieces of fish were insanely massive, looked like they had been fried at some point during the cooking process, and came in a giant pool of butter, along with a tomato stuffed with breadcrumbs and assorted lemon garnishes. They tasted ok and were cooked nicely.For dessert, we ordered the key lime pie 'from Florida'. It was great except had a soapy, bitter aftertaste so we sent it back and got an average Tiramisu.Then they brought out a plate of candied fruit dipped in chocolate along with a massive fruit bowl. None of it was great.It seems like the focus at Michael's is to give great service and to stuff the clientele so they are rolling out of the restaurant, not to wow people with food and ambiance. If you're a young, foodie type, skip this restaurant. If you're taking your grandparents out to a fancy dinner, this might just work. I will not be returning to this relic.Bottom line is that this place is just not worth the money. $25 for a caesar? $90 for a sirloin? $20 for french onion soup? Yes, service was very good and over the top but there is no way it is worth $125+ per person with no alcohol when you compare to what you can get at even a Joel Roubuchon, etc. for around the same price.Well, I decided to give Michael's one more try. This time I went with three others. We started with two getting a garden salad and two people splitting  crabcake. Those eating the salad said it was bland. Those eating the crabcake said it was cooked unevenly. For the entree, three ordered the petite filet ($82 each). All three were disappointed. The words used to decribe the filet are as follows: overpriced, not flavorful, nothing special, boring. I got the sirloin ($86). It was not as flavorful as I've experienced at Michaels and certainly not worth $86. Our side dishes ($12 each) were creamed corn, asparagus and au gratin potatoes. The corn and potatoes were quite good. There was nothing special about the asparagus. Following our disappointing dinner, the dessert tray was presented. We all surprised each other as each of us declined a dessert - something that is unusual for our group! All of us said we were not going to continue to be disappointed. However, two of us got cappuchino ($10 each), which was very good. The bill with tax and tip was about $600. We will NEVER go back. We have been to Michaels close to 20 times. Most of those experiences were at the Barbary Coast. We've eaten at the South Point location three times. The value is simply no longer there. The service is excellent, but the prices do not correspond to the food quality. There are too many other choices in Las Vegas.My advice, go to a nice restaurant on the Strip and you'll have a better and more fun experience, pay much less and get the same quality of food.Let's start at the beginning....My husband and I had both heard such great things about Michael's, so we thought we'd try out. From the moment we walked in it was awkwardly silent and not welcoming at all. People literally looked at us like we were crazy (and apparently we were for going there.)After we waited at the bar for about 20 minutes, we were finally seated and then sat for another 15 minutes before anyone even came to say hi or take our order. Finally when the server arrived, he dropped off a platter of vegetables (yes, a giant platter) and two baskets of hard bread.Once we received the menu (another 20 minutes later), the waiter didn't go over it with us or tell us what the experience would be like. So we just order our entres and hoped for the best (by the way the prices were twice as much as the best steak houses on the Strip). The entres came out about 20 minutes after we ordered and by that time we were completely full from the platter of veggies. The food was definitely great, but you can go to some of the best restaurants on the Strip (twice) for the price you pay at Michael's and get the same quality of food, if not better. After dinner, they asked us if we wanted dessert. Although we declined because we were so incredibly full and had to pack-up half of our entres to go, they still insisted that we had to see the dessert cart. So we caved in and ordered a dessert. By this time, we were literally about to explode and then I kid you not, they brought an entire fruit basket (not fruit bowl or platter, a basket) AND a platter full of chocolate covered fruit. Don't you think the waiter would have mentioned that they bring out an entire fruit basket and chocolate cover fruit platter at the end of dinner when we said we did not want to order dessert because we were too full? Who can eat that much???So in an effort to try to make our meal worth the price, we did our best to eat the fruit, but it was impossible. So concluding our dinner, we left uncomfortably full and with complete and utter buyer's remorse once we received our far too expensive bill. Meh.Very over priced  food was average at best.Overall this place is overrated based upon online reviews.   Service - Excellent!Decor -  Old fashioned but nice.Prices - Outrageous for mediocre food.  Any steakhouse on the strip is a better option.DINNER EXPERIENCE:Starters -  Complimentary tray of olives, etc....Shrimp Cocktail  $25 -  Rubbery shrimpComplimentary Sorbet with Dom pallet cleanserShrimp Scampi  $58   Sent back because Shrimp were so fishy.  Replaced it with Chicken Sicilian for $54.  Not very good.6 OZ filet  - $68 ala carte  -   Dry and unseasoned.Potato Au Gratin - $15  - Very good.Complimentary Dessert platter with fruit and chocolate.  Very good.This place has so many great reviews online.  If it were 1/2 the price it would be disappointing, at their prices it is disgusting.We celebrated my 70th birthday at Michaels. The food was very expensive, which I knew going in. The food, however,  fell far short of the price. . The matre d was accommodating. The wait staff was attentive. Above average ambiance. The experience soon deteriorated when the food started to arrive. The standard relish tray and bread (what imagination). Escargot served with a soggy pastry topping (truly uninspiring). Rack of lamb for two $175 served on two platters each with a huge stuffed tomato Two "big chunks" of cauliflower and broccoli together with a bowl of vegetables ("me hungry"). A feast fit for a lumberjack, but not fine dining. Quantity must equal quality at Michaels.I ordered a side of creamed spinach that was milky and slimy (the only word I can use to describe it). To finish, some chocolate covered fruit accompanied by a big  a bowl of fruit. I'm full once again just remembering. This review is harsh but accurate. I love the South Point but Michaels  need not worry about another bad review from me.Not to impressed with this place. Its a run down bar and the only reason why I was here. Because of naked pizza. Stock isn't that great, had four out of five taps empty. Half of their slots on the bar wasn't working. Service is good and very nice. Hope naked pizzas business won't get hurt because if this place?I HATE YOU STARBUCKS! Well this one anyway!Ok I was giving you the benefit of the doubt, but oh no honey this time you DID ME DIRTY! So I ALWAYS order the same drink: Hazelnut iced coffee. Simple right? NOPE! The little douche cashier charges me for a hazelnut iced coffee breve... NO LITTLE HITA I DID NOT ASK FOR THAT! So I wait in the long line, 5 minutes later I look at the counter and my drink is just sitting there... wtff?! CALL MY NAME! I was standing close enough to hear everything.I got my drink and took a sip and it literally tasted like days old yucky coffee. I was super pissed, but why go back and say "Hey dbag, make this over? It tastes like shat bro!" No, you never know what they'll do to your drink. So here is my rant, I wasted money, time, and smiles on these little jerks!Someone please help this location... The staff is undertrained,they are out of key items and supplies  and they cannot keep up with the demands of a busy  location. Fortunately they are nice which eases the annoyances of long waits and other issues.The hotel is not worth the money. The beds are hard and the staff were rude. They were the king of charging for everything The casino was good the cocktail waitresses were on it. While I was playing the slots they were bringing drinks way more frequently than other casinos.Rooms are very old fashioned!   This place is screaming for some upgrades!  Other than that, it was an ordinary hotel...nothing stands out to me aside from the castle features on the outside.Poorly maintained, expensive, no coffee makers in room, couldn't find food except pretzels at midnight - in VEGAS.  Do yourself a favor and skip this.  Booked on hotels.com, then charged a 'resort fee' on check in - for what, I don't know.  Felt safe, but that's about it.  Sheets good quality, but never changed during 4 night stay.I prefer the midway at the Excalibur more than the arcade at NYNY because there are more choices at the Excalibur and it is more focused on Midway at the Excalibur.  NYNY is also a lot more busier so it is harder to get around and it is also easier to get lost in.(carnival music begins...)step right up! step right up! take sticker pictures, throw basketballs in a hoop, smack gophers with a mallet and chomp on some Nathan's hot dogs! it's Coney Island... Las Vegas style! *womp....... womp" (the music stops)what the hell is this? this is supposed to be Coney Island? how so? by putting a bunch of token games and Skee-Ball... you call this Coney Island? from the colors to the ambiance... it's like they sobered up Brooklyn, slapped a health regulation code on it and got rid of everything nostalgic about Coney Island. i was absolutely stunned of the travesty.Nothing encourages me to come back here really. There are some modern racing games but I did not find the variety impressive otherwise. I found myself (as well as my bf) just wandering around unimpressed. At least the layout is pretty big but I'd rather walk over and enjoy a pretzel and beer. If you're of age and can live without playing racing games (as I can) or don't have those rare skills to win iPods, just don't waste your time.Arcades use to be the cool place to hang out and socialize while enjoying some free time. To charge a dollar to play pinball is not reasonable. Coney Island Emporium has a large selection of crane machines with a vast array of prizes, but is that enough to save this homage to the times of carnival games and pier fun?Most of the multi-player prize booths were closed and the only employee on hand was the simulator attendant. There was definitely no need for more employees, because it was dead besides a few people playing random games and the people walking from the garage to the casino.As far as an arcade goes, was not too thrilled...sure they had some pretty new games like Star Wars, Time Crisis, Rave game, and Fruit Ninja, but it's really not too much when my standard is something like D&Bs (biased, I know...)Overall a bit run down and pretty lame prizes. DDR machine was even out of order when I came by. It's alright I suppose, but there must be other better arcades in LV...right?This place sucks and It's overpriced..fat boy behind the counter was trying to get funny, he should feel lucky i didn't knock his ass out!Stayed in alot of shady Vegas hotels.  And this isn't the worst one..that warrants the dual stars.  Other than that, location is decent and price is right.Ate here with a group of 6, including Katie M.  See her review for more.

This had happen in the other location in Arrowhead (Bell Rd).I love drinking in airports.Mostly because I hate flying.Desert Springs Brewing Company  isn't so much a "brewing company" as it is a tiny airport bar at Sky Harbor. It's connected to some sort of hotdog place and smells like mustard. It's fairly ghetto. However, the wine was there and wasn't terribly expensive, so it was all right with me.

offered and charged for was peculiarly bland, too smooth and once again tasteless.

I have tried the portabella sliders, sushi roll, the spaghetti with meatballs and the meatball grinder. While OK, everything is lacking flavor and pizazz.Take the meatball grinder...It is a roll with 5 small meatballs (taste just like gardein meatless meatballs...maybe they are?) with some sauce and vegan cheese. It is very basic and the taste is lacking. Some grilled onions and peppers would go a long way to make this basic sandwich better. The roll is not sturdy enough to handle the runny sauce and gets soggy within minutes. The spaghetti is the same story...basic spaghetti with sauce and the meatballs. Again, some onions and peppers...something besides the basic sauce would be good. The portabella sliders are OK but the rolls they come on were stale tasting. The sushi is good but again is just plain bland. Some spices and seasonings would go a long way to make this place better.PRICES:

Not sure how this place got the best burger in Pittsburgh, but obviously, they paid someone off. It's okay but not on the level of Red Robin or some other great burger places here. This place is an expensive, hippie filled mess and they need to get their act together if they want to grow. The number one thing they need to work on is the waiting area, as you are either packed and trying not to run into people or you're gonna be sitting in the cold outside.I have tried to build my own burger, and even tried one of the featured Wagyu burgers.  As far as burger's go, it might be that I just haven't hit the right combination yet, but 5 Guys has a tastier burger by far with much less effort in combining such varied toppings.  There are MANY (possibly too many) choices for toppings.  Some of them don't make sense (poblano peppers AND roasted reds?), some of them are pleasant surprises (fire roasted tomatoes).  The rubs don't add much variance from one to the next.Where Burgatory shines is their fries, house-made oils that they use for toppings  on the fries, nachos, and burgers, and their milk shakes are the best I've EVER had.  Granted, I'm not a huge ice cream fan, but I am 38 years old, and I've had my share of milk shakes.Honestly, the local hype hurts the restaurant in my opinion.  Wait times for a table exceed 1 hour from 3-4pm onward (I've never been there earlier than 3pm.)  The wait certainly builds expectations.  If you allow this to happen unchecked, you'll likely be disappointed as there isn't much special about Burgatory's food.One positive is the staff at the Waterworks location (the only one I've been to).  I have never had a server that seems put out by their job.  They've always been free with suggestions (when asked), attentive, and seemingly caring about your experience.So...if you're impressed by sheer selection, quality presentation, decent beef, and hype, Burgatory is for you.  If you want a good burger, don't try so hard.  Stick with the basics and try 5 Guys or even Mario's on the South Side.Coffee and Donuts milkshake was great, our burgers were not. Barely any cheese or sauce and my "pink" burger was dry and burnt.Try BRGR! They have excellent food!I hate to say it,  but the burger disappointed me. It had all the fixibgs to taste amazing - haystack onions, blue cheese, arugula, brioche bun.... but the most flavorful thing was sadly, the arugula. I may give the place a 2nd try, especially because the alcoholic almond torte shake was phenomenal,  but I have never left a burger place disappointed before.I used to enjoy Burgatory, unfortunately as of late they have been slacking. Slacking to the point where I will not go back. They mess up the take out orders quite often now, especially when it comes to getting the correct side, and not to mention they are usually lukewarm or cold. The last experience I had in the restaurant was easily the worst. The waiter barely paid attention to our table, and that was problematic because my vegan burger was completely burnt. It was blackened on both sides. By the time they were able to redo the burger, everyone at my table was finished. I ate part of the burger and tried the get a box for the salad I paid extra for, since I was the only one left eating, and after getting a hold of the waiter and asking for a box, he never came back to the table. He walked past our table several times tending to other tables, but I couldn't grab his attention. I left infuriated, without my salad and the leftover food I had just paid for.I've also noticed they tend not to pay attention to you if it's just two people at the table and the servers tend not to know exactly what's in your food--something important when I order vegan friendly food. The bean side wasn't labeled that it contained meat, and the waitress (whom I told I was vegan) happily served me the beans. It wasn't until I dug in that I realized there was bacon in the beans--probably the furthest thing from vegan friendly.Totally overrated and was WAY better when it first opened. Food has consistently gone downhill over the past year, and is in no way worth the outrageous wait times. We never wait. If we can't get right in, we leave. The food is often over salted and the milkshakes too thick. I think if Burgatory had stayed focused on its food and not on becoming a local chain, the quality would not have suffered so much.Sorry, I really did love this place. That was until one time after several times going with my family I was informed that their breads were cooked in animal fat. No, not okay. Educate your staff. My husband and I have been on plant based diets for three years and to be tricked like this isn't cool. They tell you that the fries aren't vegan...they make sure you don't have nut allergies...so why not inform people about your breads? To top it off after finding out that there are only two vegetarian breads, they are out of the vegan option (whole wheat) so I settled for the cheese bread...when I got my food there was bacon on my plate. Just absolutely insulting and just straight up disappointed. Won't be coming back after this.Have eaten here about five times.  The first couple times were okay but it's gone downhill.  Something about their food always seems too salty.  Spotty service, average food.  There are better places nearby to get that burger fix.  Try Stack'd in Shadyside or BRGR in East Liberty.I'd like to add that this is one of the most overrated restaurants around.  Not exactly sure why so many people like it.Our waiter forgot our order of nachos until we reminded him.Wife's fries were burnt, my "seasoned" fries had exactly two pieces of visible seasoning and otherwise were normal regular fries.I ordered a custom beef burger with "No Pink." The burger shown in the attached photo is what I received. Unquestionably, bright pink. I called the waitress over and told her about the error. She told me they could take my current burger and throw it back on the grill or they could make me a new burger. I asked for a new burger because I had already cut into the other one and it was covered in messy toppings. About 5 minutes later, the manager comes over to the table and apologizes for the burger being "slightly pink" and informs me that my new burger will take 17-20 minutes to make, which totally threw me off guard. The waitress never mentioned the ridiculous amount of time it would take to make the new burger - if she had I would have just thrown the old one on the grill.My husband had already received his meal at that point, so I asked the  manager if there was any way to cook the burger faster than 20 minutes (considering there was no one waiting to sit down and several tables in the restaurant were empty). The manager told me she could "fly" the burger, but it might not have all the toppings that I originally asked for - basically, I wouldn't get what I ordered for the second time.My husband had cleaned his plate by the time I received mine and I was forced to ask for it in a To-Go box because we had somewhere to be. The restaurant comped my burger, but the experience was so frustrating.The drinks were pretty good; I had the dirty chai. The service, was the worst I've ever received. I felt extremely unwelcome and it took 10 minutes to make a couple drinks. During that time, the two people working behind the counter never looked at us and took their sweet time making the drinks. We considered leaving several times. I will not be going back.My husband and I did not have a good experience here. I saw on the menu online that they have bruschetta, and so I was craving it for about a week. When we walked in, the place was small and very dark.  We seated ourselves, ordered waters, and looked over the menu. The waitress had a bit of a 'tude, and kept asking what drinks we wanted to order. Um, sometimes people just don't want to order a drink. Sue me. So we ordered a plate of bruschetta and the chicken salad to split. The bruschetta was so-so; not quite what I wanted. We got the salami and pesto, goat cheese and cranberry relish and feta, olive and tomato. They were a bit sparse with the toppings. The salad was actually very good, but I wish they used chunk chicken instead of sliced deli meat. Overall I will not be back. I will stick with Postino's.I have given this place two chances now. It has a great feel and is close to my home so I was hoping that it would be my new place for business and friend meetings. It has a bistro feel to it but doesn't want to be a friendly, hang out, bistro type of place. The staff is inattentive and rude. The food is decent but nothing special and I have to pay full price for an iced tea each time I want a refill. I try not to be cheap but that's $2.25 each time I fill up with plain old green tea. Perhaps the last straw was sitting in the patio area and watching the owner ask two people who had settled in with their two beautiful and well behaved dogs to move from a table with four chairs to a table with two when the place was nowhere near full. Then watching as she moved the umbrella that was shading our table back to another table almost knocking people and drinks over in the process.  This could be a great place but it needs a major attitude adjustment.I really want to give a better rating because I love the vibe and the food is great. Unfortunately the service has been so awful 90% of the time. I always get ignored for a while when i walk in then the feeling i am irritating them by ordering . Also I have waited 30-50 minutes for a sandwich most times I've gone. I really wanted to like this place. Really hope management can get the rude too cool for school employees in check ....also I have never been compensated for waiting almost an hour for food . One guy has been very friendly though .Ok I'm gonna be honest with my yelpers, I was a little disappointed that a few were highlighting the New Mexican Burrito. Except for one that called it a formed egg burrito which made me laugh but was the most accurate. I finally took the time to drive out to 32 Shea after being excited about it for so long. I honestly went for the coffee but recent reviews were highlighting the food. I ordered the Nutella mocha &

They knew we were splitting the meal, so they separated the rice into two bowls for us. The presentation of the chicken was pretty lack luster.... it didn't look special, just chunks of chicken in an orangish sauce, and it tasted about as good as it looked unfortunately.....

Un dimanche soir de pluie, aprs une bonne sance de pratique de tango argentin, je dcide de mettre  l'preuve le Scores sur le boul. Taschereau,  Brossard. Je suis un habitu du Dix30, il faut donc que TOUS les SCORES soient  la hauteur. ET BIEN NON ! Vous avez lamentablement chou l'examen. La rception, trs bonne, la serveurse, trs charmante et jolie, tout va bien jusque l. Mais lorsque je demande de faire emballer mon combo suprme que je rapporte avec moi, pour ma collation de soire, c'est parce qu'il faut aussi ajouter les sauces et les condiments qui se trouvaient dans le panier  service. Quelle stupfaction, en ouvrant ma TOUTE PETITE bote, de constater qu'il manque les savoureuses sauces et probablement quelques morceaux. Vous auriez d y penser. Ils choisissent de rduire la commande afin de mieux entrer dans une toute petite bote. Nous prenez-vous pour des cons ?

Summerlin has the best vibe, great portions, good service, Anthem has great service, decent portions and beautiful view. This Paradise location's service ranks last. Our server did not bother to check on us once, refill a water glass or even come around to bring us the bill. The bacon stuffed dates came out with raw fatty bacon, we had to flag down the server & ask him to please cook them more. He came back with burnt black bacon :/ Fortunately we had a very nice buser that did all the work and helped salvage our experience. The artichoke toasts were on crouton sized toast and hardly any garlic sauce, the tuna tartare taro chips were hard & undercooked. And pasta was drowning in tomato paste. Sad how poor management can ruin a location. I think this location was also featured on one of those restaurant stakeout episodes and didn't do too well. Guess they didn't learn much from that experience.Awe man, I used to eat here consistently for a solid 3 years. The health code fiasco wasn't something they ever recovered from. Plus they messed it up twice now. Great job guys! Not my go to anymore, sadly enough. They opened up a Taco joint where they used to be. Not bad! Worth checking out.I don't know why I keep coming in these stores.  I never buy anything.  Not true, I bought a money clip several years ago and it stopped working within days.  Therefore I associate junk with the brand.  Too bad; a lot of the products (including mine) looks nice.I just found out that Harrah's is the largest hotel/casino operator in the world.  I am completely amazed.  I have been to several of the Harrah's locations and never, ever thought they would be the biggest.  Based on the level of service, they are just "ok".Spend your dollars elsewhere.FAQQ: Don't the clowns/masquerade-ball-type statues freak you out?

Soggy overcooked noodles that were stuck together in a unappealing clump, thick chewy pieces of overcooked beef (it's supposed to come raw and very thinly sliced),no lime, small amounts of bean sprouts and flimsy, wilted garnishments and funky unpalatable broth. Can't believe they call this pho. It's not. I've had amazing pho from all over, even semi-amazing pho, and this place was very disappointing in comparison.Soft Drinks:

We have been here about four times, actually as I am writing this review! My wife is there now replacing her phone. Service can be tough at times! My biggest problem is you can call AT&T and talk to them on the phone, when you get to a location. They don't offer you the same deals!! Always some excuses!! Always want to sell you something you don't need. Wife goes there now without me, because I won't take their crap. When I have a chance to opt out of their, I'm gone!!!The younger guy that works the cash register during the day is a douche! I went in yesterday and ordered 2 grilled chicken tacos.  There is a BIG picture of it on the menu right above the counter.  It clearly shows that the taco is prepared in a soft flour tortilla.  When I get to the table and unwrap the taco, I find it is in a hard corn tortilla taco shell.  I take it back up to the counter and state that I ordered the grilled chicken tacos.  He looks at me and says, "yeah, hard grilled chicken tacos".  I've been ordering these tacos for years, and have NEVER had one served to me in a hard shell.  I challenged him to show me on the menu where this was even an option.  He arrogantly walked around the counter to face the menu board and stared at it like a complete idiot.  Again I asked him, "show me where it says grilled chicken tacos come in a hard shell.  The mook walked back around the counter and stood next to the guy who was re-making my tacos...the right way.  Service has really gone downhill at this location.  It used to be really good, but this tool that they have dealing with the public now is not who I'd want representing my business.Let me just put out into the universe that Del Taco is not my first choice for a meal. But they normally have pretty decent french fries, and it works late night.This is the first time I have patronized this Del Taco. There wasn't a very long line, so that was a good start. Then came the bad news: the grill was being cleaned, so there were no hamburgers available! What?! 11pm on a weekend and your grill is down? How the heck are you making quesadillas or anything else for that matter?My husband ended up with some turkey tacos that were pretty good. You couldn't tell they weren't beef. Good in my book, maybe not so good for others. I got a beef and bean burrito and the fries. Loves the fries, hated the burrito. It was a sloppy mess and reminded me of a worse version of a microwave burrito. With the grill out of service, maybe it was microwaved! Who knows.The cashier was not at all apologetic for the inconvenience,  and was actually pretty short with us. I mean. It's YOUR fault! Who cleans the grill before during peak night weekend time?I wanted to give this place a try do to good reviews. But to be honest I was not impressed at all.  Food portions were good.  Not ur average Mexican huge meal portions. But enough to fill u up.  Tamales were small and not very flavorful. I order a corn quesadilla and masa was raw. I ended up opening the quesadilla and eating just the cheese.  I also order some tacos al pastor and they were ok.  I believe Mexican food should have a bold taste to it and what we order lack that. Only good thing I have to say is place was clean and service was good. But I'm not sure if I'll be back.My wife and went to this place and the tamales tasted like they were in the  freezer for months,horrible, I recommend going across the street to irma's much better fast service. And the food is deliciousFood was bland compared to other Mexican food. Not to mention the tamale quite literally sucked all the moisture out of my mouth. Beyond dry. Won't be going back.I had a very, very bad experience with this CVS.Generally, when I need to pick up some medicine, I like it to be as hassle-free as possible.  That was not the case yesterday.I originally arrived around 5 PM, and I dropped off my prescriptions.  At the CVS that I normally go to, it usually takes them about 20 minutes to fill my prescriptions, so I can just take a quick nap in the car, or I can do some shopping.  Not tonight!  I was told it would take two hours to fill them... So I ended up going home and coming back later.When I came back, I waited a full hour to get my prescription.  It turns out that there was some sort of "snafu" in the system... Really?  Why have I never encountered this snafu before?  I waited a full hour in the line, and every time a new car came up to the drive through window, I had to pull around and get back in line.This will have been my first and last visit at this location.I'm reviewing the minute clinic. This would be one star if not for the fact that I think the pharmacy is pretty good. Rating the pharmacy I'd probably give it 4 or 5.The minute clinic within could have cost me my hearing, maybe even life! I went in for an ear infection the other day. I'm not sure if it was a Dr. or nurse but whatever she was she diagnosed me with an outer ear infection and gave me drops. I didn't feel like that made sense, so I called my real Dr., went in, and found out it's an inner ear infection...not only that but it had spread to the mastoid which if untreated to spread further can be very serious, even fatal. So her bad diagnosis of a really simple issue could have been disastrous if I simply trusted her. As it is I have to wait the weekend and see if I'll respond to new antibiotics and if not I go to the ER for CT and treatment as my real Dr. instructs. I also went to this place last year for laryngitis and was treated with steroids but it really did not help. I don't think it was inappropriate, but I didn't get relief either time and this last visit was actually harmful. Beware. I think I'd only go here for vaccinations, if that.I bought a groupon and had a facial done here the other day.  It was okay....Kimberley who does the facials did a nice job of explaining the process and does a killer face massage, but everything else is just ok....during the mask at the end she left the room, in all my previous facials i've always had a scalp massage or something done while the mask is drying and the chair you're in looks like it should be in  a dental office.  i'm not complaining for the price, but i pry won't go back.  Also, be aware you have to tip in cash or check!

times in one day and then you must go to the lobby and wait in line for a new one or wait 15 minutes for security to let you in. If security lets you in, they will not bring you another key but instruct you to call and request one which is brought up by the belle department which takes another 15-20 minutes. All in all, you are trapped out of your room and then in your room waiting and this is an hour or so process.Been coming to the MGM for YEARS to hang out , gamble and sometimes stay . I am writing this review regarding the lousy attitude by the bartenders at The Lobby Bar last night . I generally don't like to buy drinks in Vegas since I'm always gambling and a nice server will comp me a cocktail and I am happy to take care of them tip wise . As  I was playing and socializing at the bar last evening I finished my cocktail and requested another , the bartender gave me a look and asked if I had a "drink ticket" I did not ( never heard of it outside a sports book ) anyway , I said I did not and he gave me one with a shake of his head and a weak attitude , I told him I did want to argue with him or give him a hard time . Moving on I finished my drink and left , then came back put $20  in and played some more , finished my drink and requested another , the bartender made one for me.... $10.96 , huh ?  I'm gambling I stated for which he says ( basically ) you're not spending enough money to drink for free , really ? . Kind of turned me off , I refused the drink and he threw it away and i left again .  Now I know some people probably come to the bar , put 5. in sit there and watch a game or whatever and take advantage of the system , I do not , this is bad customer service not only to refuse serving your gambling customers but to have a shitty attitude while doing so . Pretty Weak IMO . Corporate America , pinching pennies from a zillion dollar casino is weak . I still may come back only because is one of the most hopping casino's in town and I like to be around the action   . I stay at The Orleans , get free rooms for a little play and get served drinks from a courteous staff . Good NightOnly one charging station for a Tesla which was broken!

Atmosphere D I would not recommend.Pretty disappointing.  Dry fish tacos - also pricey, no side.  Burgers, french dip and chili were pretty good but also nothing too special despite the price.  Service was good, but came with several very heavy handed hard sells at the end of the meal for shots.  Solid "meh".Went the day before and asked if my wife could eat there with her peanut and tree nut allergy and they said she could.  Went back the next day and they basically said there wasn't anything she could eat that would be 100% safe.  That was our cue not to try anything but my wife insisted I try something as this was going to be one of the highlights of the trip.  So disgruntled I tried the General wings.  They were more sweet than spicy.  Had the look of sweet and sour sauce.  The majority of general tso sauce I've had is more brown in color.  It was OK but wouldn't go out of my way for them.  They had a sandwich I wanted to try but with the allergy situation I was really disappointed my wife couldn't join me in a meal.  Come on Guy you are in Vegas you should know how to deal with allergies.  Triple D= disappointment! disgruntled and down right lacking in flavor town.I was very excited to try this restaurant especially since me and my five year old watch the show all the time. So let me give my honest review..

Ordered the beef kabob (2 pcs.) platter, with lettuce, onions, hummus, and two pitas.  The kabobs were tasty, even though they were slightly overdone in temperature.  Liked the pitas, disliked the hummus.  I couldn't taste any flavors from the chickpeas, tahini, or spices.  Just that of an oil I couldn't even place its origin.  As I was finishing up the kabobs and pita, I spied two young men enjoying their beef shawarmas, so I ordered one to-go.  Got into my car and couldn't wait to have a bite...  I should've gone with my first choice (of beef shawarma)- this was a very tasty selection.  I'd come back to order it again.I also enjoyed a Lebanese baked dessert, almost cake-like, with two distinct layers- slightly sweet cheese, reminiscent of dried-out ricotta and cream cheese, on the bottom and golden-orange wheat (semolina?), topped with crushed pistachios.  A side sauce dish of simple syrup accompanied the dessert.  I had asked the woman behind the counter two times what the dish was called, and she didn't sound too confident in telling me that she knew it as "shmeer."  (It's the closest thing I could decipher.  Perhaps "shmeed" might be a better word... can anyone help me?)  The ff. is the closest image I found to what I think I had.  (If so, then my dessert was missing the ashtar topping, a type of clotted cream, pictured below.)  The dessert I bought doesn't even come close to approaching the wow factor of this link's image... Kanefe/Knefeh.http://grabyourfork.blogspot.com/2007/08/rabeih-sweets-punchbowl.htmlFood in this place is alright and it is a little overpriced compare to other MiddleEaster eateries.I ordered Lamb Kebob sandwich. It tasted alright not something I will ever order again. It had only three small  pieces lamb and the rest was vegetable. I won't eat here again that is for sure. I rather do the drive and go to Haji BabaI was looking forward to some good Middle Eastern food when I went to Al-Hana and did not have a good experience.  Maybe the food used to be better, but it was not good when I went.I ordered the Chicken Shawerma, and it was not good at all.  The chicken was over cooked and cut into little tiny pieces (mistake number one chef).  It was over salted and was not seasoned well at all (lot's of cury).  The rice was very very greasy???  Why would you want your rice to be greasy and your chicken dry?  The pita was fine, but that was out of a bag.I didn't come here for the ambiance, and this in no way is reflective of my review, as I almost exclusively review on food quality and service standards.  But, there was a guy sitting next to me who kicked off his shoes and sat indian style with the bottoms of his gross dirty feet staring up at me.  When his food arrives he starts ripping apart his chicken legs with his hands and mixing them with his rice and lettuce and whatever else was on his plate.  Then he starts eating with his hands, shoveling the meat and rice mixture in his mouth a handful at a time.  Witnessing this did nothing to help my experience; but again, this is just what I experienced and not a reason for my rating of this restaurant.I love Middle Eastern food and I hope this establishment can turn it around, as I want everyone to succeed if they work hard at something.  However, currently I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone.I've been here well over 20 times since I moved to Las Vegas.  Not by choice...this is my uncle's favorite place to go whenever he's in town.  My mom also thinks this is a great place to take tourists in order to have the "Vegas-Strip" experience.  Maybe I haven't gone on the right nights but I literally count the minutes down until everyone else is ready to go.  Or maybe I haven't had enough to drink to fully enjoy the whole mess!My most recent visit was last weekend.  My husband's best friend had Navy friends in town for the weekend.  We were meeting them at Harrah's.  When they were done eating at Toby Keith's, we walked to the casino floor.  Someone suggested we walk into the Piano Bar...I told them they weren't going to like it and to save their money for another cover charge...the group decided to go in regardless.  By the time everyone got their drinks, they realized the mistake and were ready to go!  The sisters had started playing and were slaughtering song after song.  This is the positive things I will say about this bar...the piano players have unbelievable memory recall on the songs.  I'm not impressed by their singing talent but they do have impressive piano skills.  The other thing I was impressed by was one of the bartenders here.  Normally if a drink order is wrong, for whatever reason, they just throw it out and start over.  I ordered an Amaretto on the rocks and didn't specify Disaronno.  He gave me the mistake drink for free and made me a new drink.  I thought that was a pretty sweet deal! I know I'll get trapped into going there again!  LOL!  Cheers to Uncle Larry!  :)I have a spit review because I'm not quite sure how I feel. The piano bar was fun and they are really talented at what they do, but the rest of the staff at this bar sucks. I had to get my boyfriend to get my drinks because for some reason the bartender decided to constantly ignore me and I couldn't really figure out why. I wasn't drunk or obnoxious, being polite and waiting, and really got pissed because he wasn't even that busy and I felt was just being a dick. Mixed drink with house vodka ran about $10 and beers about $6 so not that bad considering its Vegas. I couldn't request any songs either because unless you had $100 to throw down for them to play 20 seconds of your song is not worth it to me. If I went again to see a piano bar would probably check out another. And there was a $5 cover which isn't that bad, but probably changes all the time.Not a fan...  have tried this piano bar in past & always resorts to same old thing.  The twins spend more money trying to get in a bidding war to stop a song then actually sing the darn song... UGH.... Waitress are tired & overlooked our table several times.   Finally went up to bar to get our own drinks... ordered vodka/cranberry & it was so dark I think they forgot the vodka...  The two stars they received is for the fellas that actually sang a bit while we were there..I love the pianos, but the bar staff could use some people skills, we came in late so the piano players were wrapping up, we were sitting at the bar playing poker and after our first drink for us and buying some for our friends with us at like $27 for two regular drinks we completely got ignored and could not even get eye contact for almost 30 minutes till we finally just left...I tend to like dualing piano bars, so while deciding what to do with the rest of our night, we stopped here for drinks.  However, I'm not a fan of the drum track that was played under each song.  Either just play the piano or hire a real drummer or a bass player for the bass line.  Getting a drink was a hassle.  It took the waitress forever to come to our table and looked like she was the only person working the entire place... which explains why some patrons were going to the bar and getting drinks way faster than we did.  The waitress finally came, took our order, then took forever to bring them to us.  When she came, I gave her a $50 because I didn't have anything smaller for a Jack and coke and a beer.  She tells me "Oh this is a fifty.  I don't have change, I have to go get it.  You gave me a fifty, okay?" then disappeared for probably 5 minutes or so.  When she reappeared, she proceeded to bust tables around us but made no attempts to bring my change.  Then she went into the back for a few more minutes and came back out to bust more tables around us.  I mean-mugged her and she came over to our table and asked "Did I forget to give you your order?"  So I had to remind her that she owes me close to $40 in change since I paid with a fifty, then she said she was bringing it to me, and that she decided to do everything else but bring me my change.  She apologized, said she needed to go get change, went into the back, and came back with my change.  SMH.  We stayed a bit longer without ordering more drinks.  One male singer was alright.  There was a female singer who was butchering all of the songs with her off-key voice and horrible hair extensions, but she thought she was rockin' out.  I think the rest of the bar was just wasted.  Laughing at other people in the bar provided the best entertainment.  I can see how this place good be a good time and when I walked by a other nights, there was always a crowd.  I just happened to have a not-great experience.  I might try it again next time I'm in Vegas but I'll go to the bar and get my own drinks.I came here for the Big Elvis show.  The mai tai I had was OK but pricey at just under $11 for a small cup.  The server was rushed.  The space is easy to get to from the side entrance of Harrahs, but I did not like the space or set up of this bar at all.Some of the worst, rudest staff I've encountered. Choose another spot to enjoy your night.We decided to do this on Monday. We got there around 815p and definitely enjoyed the karaoke singers! The show started at 9pm with no cover charge, but a 2 drink minimum.  2 bottles of beer and 2 gin and tonics costed us $40. I can't say that was worth it at all.Now for the show, definitely was impressed with the 2 guys that were performing because they knew a lot of songs . The one guy(older gentleman)refused to play any modern songs only classic rock. Ok thats fine and all, but you should play what the crowd wants and not what you prefer to play. Now the younger guy played a little more modern music but got interrupted with the older one. We left after 30 mins. It kinda got annoying bc they talked more the. They played.

Dessert -- Didn't order any

3. primantis

I liked their fried chicken...then again I just like fried chicken almost anywhere.

* Partially melted ice cream

1) There is no fridge in the room - we had an upgraded room with 2 Queen beds and still no fridge

Dessert = 2.5 starsStill craving Kalua Pork & Cabbage.Very meh.  Absolutely mediocre.  Fatty beef, dry chicken, bad bleu cheese.  I will not be back.  This was for the lunch buffet.Mediocre buffet. We moved to Vegas 2 years ago and used to come here often for the prime rib night. Food was good never amazing. But now it has been just too bad with some not edible items. Today I asked to talk to the chef as some dishes were spoiled and overcooked. A "manager" came by my table and starting arguing with me saying that the overcooked rice was sticky rice (the sign said clearly white rice) and the fried rice was rice pilaf (the sign said fried rice). Anyway, after he saw me taking a picture of both dishes he came and apologized and said he was going to advice the chef to check the dishes. The server in the other hand was fantastic. Plates were picked up as soon as we were done eating, drinks were refilled properly and he was always on top of his game. There are many good buffets in town, not wasting my money and time in a place like that ever again.Ehhh this buffet isn't anything great nor

E. Robbed a casino.

Anyways, we were seated immediately by the manager. He was very nice he asked if we ever been there before and he was gracious enough to go over the  flavor profiles of each dish. what caught my eye on the menu was the grilled fish tacos! The presentation was so cute.. Was so excited to eat.. but as soon as I bit into it I thought that was a mistake.. there was no flavor, food was very Bland. The only highlight of this experience was my Margarita. so delicious, a little pricey for the size, but the flavors were better than the food. I will not be going back.Loved this place when it first opened, good crowd, atmosphere, energy & open dcor.  Best chips & salsa around, too.  However the last two times I've been here were a complete disappointment.  Last Summer I came in around 9:30PM for a couple beers and chips; the place had a few customers but not the usual crowd. The Barmaid was clearly hoping to get out early at the stroke of 10 and was busy cleaning and racking glasses.  I get it that the staff does not want to stay around for just a few customers but they are supposed to be serving food until 10PM.  She was very slow to get my drink, barely said hello and never asked if I wanted anything else - it seemed she did not want to give me a reason to stay longer, and to oblige her I stayed away all year.    Last week I went in again, good crowd, and three staff working behind the bar.  All were friendly and attentive.  I ordered a drink, and said yes when asked if I wanted Chips and Salsa.  However, they did not arrive and in the meantime I ordered a meal, thinking the chips were just slow to arrive. Ten minutes after I arrive a couple comes in and sits a few seats down from me, and in no time they have drinks AND chips and salsa, as does another newly arrived customer.  No one seems to notice or care that I've been waiting 10 minutes for chips (though the staff seemed attentive and caring otherwise).  But this is a second chance and at this point I just tell the bartender to cancel my order.  The manager is called - a tall attractive brown haired girl whose name I can't remember - asked what the problem was.  She did everything appropriate to try and make it right - apologized, tried to comp my meal, etc. - but by that point I just wanted to get out of there.  Can't enjoy a meal after complaining about the people that served it to you (I was on a Motorcycle and could not pack it with me). The manager apologized again, comped my drink and I left, and I don't think I'll be going back there for a long time. If you go in there with a group of models on your arm I'm sure you'll get better service. than I did.  I've been to the Blanco's in the foothills of Tucson numerous times (sans models), and always had great service there.I hope today was just an off day for Blanco. I met a friend here tonight at 7 for a drink. We have been here before a couple of times but it has been a while. We sat at the bar and I was a bit surprised that it was as empty as it was. Especially with Game 7 of the NBA finals going on. We ordered a drink and some queso. Before the drinks arrived we both looked at each other and mentioned how warm it was. It was 120* out today and a cold drink was just what the doctor ordered. Well, the doctor must have called out sick. Along with the AC guy. Yep. We mentioned the temperature to the bartender and he kind of chuckled and said 'well, our AC is broken. That's when we asked for the check and cashed out. My Tito's and Tonic was weak. There was only half an inch of melted ice in the top of the glass and the drink was slightly room temperature. Their ice machine must have gone out with the AC.3rd time there.  Wasn't horrible, but not great.  Typical Fox restaurant.  Really loud, more of a bar atmosphere.  Food was okay, but basically eating salt with a bit of food.They made a big deal about getting seated at 7:00 at night and the place was half empty. Dessert was good.  Felt like store-bought, but who knows.Service was lousy, lousy, lousy.  Waitress came every 5 minutes, of course interrupting conversations each time.  Kept asking if we wanted our water refilled.  YES.  It's water, just pour it. Literally half way through the main course, she plops the bill on the table.  Told her we were still eating and asked if the restaurant was closing or something, after all, it was now about 8:00.  Nope, and sorry, didn't see that you were still eating.  Really, what a fucking idiot.So, last bite of main course, and here comes the bill again.  WTF.  Stop with the bill already.  So, ordered dessert.  Guess what came with the dessert.  The bill, again.Then, didn't see the waitress for another half hour.  Coffee would have been good.  Tea perhaps.  Maybe an after dinner drink.  But at least we had the bill.Typical of Fox restaurants.  HINT:  Most decent to good restaurants never bring the bill unless you ask for it.  Fox restaurants always seem fearful of not getting the bill on the table early and often.  Same for all the Fox restaurants in Phoenix/Scottsdale.  Odd place.  Not too busy. Been there a long time.  Who knows how long it will last.I can't understand the great reviews. This place is adequate but there's much better Thai food to be had in Pittsburgh, such as Green Mango.  I tried the Phad Thai which was OK but the shrimp were way overcooked. I also tried the Panang curry which is one of my favorite Thai dishes. Theirs had some hotness from the spice which was fine (I asked for level 5) but in terms of flavor it was bland and runny compared to what I've had elsewhere. It is a very cute little restaurant and definitely has some charm but I found the food disappointing and I'll have to see if I'm going to give them another chance to win me over.For a man who claims to love Panang curry as much as I do, how on earth did I resist their special of softshell crab panang curry?  I can totally see why this place has gotten the high reviews, it's cozy, the service is good, and they even have an elderly Thai woman working in the kitchen (can't get much more authentic than that)!Instead of the softshell panang, I went with their "signature" mixed seafood pad thai.  As soon as I saw it.....smelled it, I immediately regretted my decision.  When you think of ideal seafood, you might think of pristine scallops and shrimp, and crabs gently plucked out of the crystal blue waters surrounding, say, Fiji.  The seafood in this Pad Thai looked like it was dragged in off the coast of New Jersey, pulled up in oily nets and left to sit in the smog filled air.  It was not good.  To be honest, the shrimp wasn't even edible, and the pungent taste kind of scared me off from the rest of the large white "seafood" chunks on my plate.  The rest of the flavors were decent, although I got absolutely NO heat from my medium spice preference.Don't get me wrong, I'd definitely come back to this place, and I'm sure it's great, just avoid the seafood pad thai.I don't really get why so many people love this place. I've tried a couple of times to give it a fair chance to impress me, but every time it simply failed.

After all that courteous customer service...This place sells lots of sweets--they have an extensive chocolate truffle selection, candied apple offering and a good sized gelato menu. My 3 truffles were too sweet, pricey ($3.25 each), and didn't quite live up to the expectation their names inspire. I had salted caramel, raspberry pure filled dark chocolate, and tiramisu. A friend's butter pecan gelato was delicious, but was also too sweet and too soft (I think the temperature in the cooler display was too high). The gelato's price point of $3 something is right on point. I'd come here again to see if my assessment would change.Never before, never again!  I'll grant you,  the prices are cheap. (thus 2 stars) The rest of the experience was underwhelming.  Had to search the parking lot for a cart.  The layout is confusing.  The customers for the most part were and interesting group.  You really do get what you pay for and I will pay more and be much more relaxed at another store.This is the wrong address.  If you check the Winco website this location has a Power Rd address, NOT a Hampton Ave address.  My full review is in the Power Rd Yelp entry.Something's were appealing, like ground beef for $1.88 lb in what appeared to be a 10lb roll.  That's a bargain I can't find anywhere else. The bulk items are kind of a turn off.  Here I'm thinking people are sticking their hands in to nosh on a few goodies and sure enough, some guy sticks his hand in and pulls out two gummy candies.  Clearly he is mentally challenged and couldn't read the "DO NOT...." sign that's applied to every few barrels. I was surprised by the variety of products they carry. There was what appeared to be a massive selection of coffee on the wall but I didn't get a close up view.

Nothing special.Very nice rooms the decore was appropriate for the them of the hotel ,rooms were clean and the decore in the hall way was beautiful, the parking not good and finding the front of the hotel was not easy, but what can one expect on the strip. Eating was great at the Sugar factory, but do'nt get up late you will find that there are not much of any restrants that serve brunch for those of us who rise late in the day. The early bird gets the good breakfeast not sleepers like me. Not much luck in the casino but i had no luck at any of the casinos this trip, i was on a 15 day tour, stayed at 5 hotels. The VIP service needs emprovment. I was not approached or advised of my comps. I had to go to the concierge to get what information i needed. The front desk sould of advised me of the services and comps i had. I critique fine dinning and hotels, I did eat at GORDON RAMSAY Steak, wounderful food and excellent service i was lucky to get the two best people in the very nice restaurant, Michelle and Joye excellent service, i talked to the manager Jenn Hughes and told her how pleased i was with the service. What ever you do do'nt call for reservations this place is booked up and the phone service is horrible the phone service is not related to the reasturant .My fifth visit to Paris and for the first time I was a little disappointed.  Although the staff was as friendly and as courteous as ever, I did not appreciate being charged an early arrival fee (especially since I had paid a premium fee for my second night -- apparently there was a convention booked.) I had two meals at Ile St Louis, the sidewalk cafe-style restaurant, and was disappointed with both.  Though the duck was advertized on the menu as being accompanied by "rosemary polenta", rather a treat, at least to me, it arrived with mashed potatoes and a half-assed apology from the waiter.  Undaunted, the next morning I ordered the Eggs Benedict, but they were unbelievably salty, almost inedible.  (On my third morning I walked up to the Venetian for breakfast.)  I am also irritated that the "smoking rooms" are all on the fourth floor, with no possible chance of a view of anything.  Smokers are NOT second class citizens and should NOT be treated as such!  If things have not improved, after my next visit I will find a different hotel in which to stay.    But I will miss the ambience of "Paris".  I do like the Casino which is large enough to make one feel like one is "on the Strip", but small enough so you don't need a cell phone to find your traveling companion.  The entrances are convenient,  the location is superb, and the staff is congenial if, in some cases, not particularly helpful.  I will HATE having to find a new favorite place to stay in Las Vegas, but find one I most definitely will.ROOM: 1/5

We got "upgraded" to a nicer room located in the Mardi Gras tower. If this is an upgrade I don't want to even think of what our original room looked like.I was excited to see how much nicer the room would be but it felt just like your basic room. We had a nice view of the pool and new attraction The Linq. The hardest part about being in the room was the struggle for phone reception! No wifi offered either. My cousins and I had to be close to the balcony to get any reception!Overall it's great location but other than that the gambling options, atmosphere and rooms just bring this location down. I would choose the Flamingo rather than Harrahs. They're about on par in terms of price and what they offer, but Flamingo has better gambling options and a nicer pool.I was part of a large group staying here for a weekend. Virtually every person was displeased with their room in one way or another. Our room had a solid strip of dust at the base of the wall.  The hallway on our floor looked like it had not been vacuumed in a long time. I ran into one of the housekeeping staff and expressed my displeasure in the lack of cleanliness in the hotel and her response was "oh". Very disappointed since we have stayed at their location in San Diego and it is a top notch hotel so we expected similar from Vegas but we were wrong. Won't stay there again.This place was alright if it wasn't for the claustrophobic feeling I got. This place made me feel as though I was in a little cave due to the treatment on the already low ceilings and crowded areas. The outside was pretty impressive though. I think I prefer places with higher ceilings.One star for location and one star for my maid cleaning my room when I said "clean my room please".. Out side of these two stars this place gets a no stars....  I will say the place needs a serious makeover. Being treated at the front (back) counter in construction yellow vests with reservations and room not ready to rude as hell 2am restaurant servers, I will never choose Harrahs again. 4 nights $520, not well spent.From the carpet dirty and wet, fridge was a disaster (see photo), to the Premier High Roller View being pretty lame I'm confident in saying Motel 6 may have been better. Slots were good, tables not good. Getting a drink while playing wasn't always the fastest.The restaurant had bad service, an individual puked on the floor and instead of cleaning it up they put chairs around it. 15 minutes at least with no clean up. Can't take food to go unless you sit down. Terrible service.I saw they were upgrading and remodeling so possibly they will take advice from their customers and make for a better hotel.More photos to come!The hotel itself if fine.The internet is horrible. Most pages won't load, if they do it takes 3-4 minutes.Booked this Hotel for a Business Event -- Meeting room and several guest rooms.  Internet was down the whole trip.  When we inquired about the internet not working in our meeting room we were told, "that's not my department."  So we paid $1000.00+ for a meeting room with no Wifi.  I'm posting this review from MacDonald s now because I can't get WiFi in my room.  Speaking of which -- when you pay for a suite it would be great if the light bulbs worked.  Room had very few electrical plugins.  Only good thing about this place is the Bell Hops.   They were very courteous and helpful.FILTHY DIRTY !!  Disgusting and filthy dirty carpets in the guest rooms.  These carpets haven't been shampooed since they were installed ions ago.  GROSS !!  My white socks were pure black after walking around sock footed in the room.  No excuse for this.Cheap hotel on the strip with an embarrassing atmosphere (circus? really?). Wi-fi in the room did not work, bathroom was sub-par compared to other hotels on the strip, but the beds were clean. The pool was warm (gross-warm), crowded, cloudy, and had an odd odor to it.The room keys were a joke. They worked for about half a day, then gradually required more and more swipes in order to enter the room. Turns out the magnetic strips were very weak and lost their coding pretty fast. We had to wait in line at customer service for 30+ minutes to get them recoded. Worked very well for the first half day again, but then suffered the same issue again. There were also a handful of people that had the same issue. I guess they are aware of this issue so they have a dedicated recoding line at the front desk, but that is not really resolving the issue.My mom and I picked this hotel simply because of convenience. We wanted to try a smaller hotel located in the middle of the strip & I can surely say that is all this hotel is good for. Once we checked in we asked if it was possible to get a room with a decent view. We have had our fair share of rooms overlooking walls, other people's rooms and even a garbage bin. We were told that a "room with a view" was available but we would need to pay an extra $15 a night. Given that we normally don't treat ourselves we decided to do it. We were also told that this room was a small type of suite with better mattresses, sheets, pillows and amenities. When we got to the room we realized there was no "view" at all, our view was that of the roof. While out of the corner of our eyes we could see a bit of the strip, it was not at all what we expected. While it wasn't bad, it certainly was not worth the extra $15 (totalling to be $60 for us). We phoned several times asking if we could be moved or given some type of compensation because we did not think the room was priced fairly. We finally went to the lobby & talked to the manager. She told us the room was a beautiful view and that we would like it better at night when all the lights were on. She said if we did not like it we could come see her tomorrow and she would move us. She was very friendly & said "she would not hide from us" as she was the "big manager" here. Still not satisfied at all, we went to see her again the next day and no one could find her to bring her to us. Some stated she was in a meeting, others said she was handling a situation, but they could not find her. They said we will find her within the next 30 minutes and told us to wait in our room and she would phone us. So we waited for about 45 minutes and no phone call. We did not want to waste our day sitting in a room so we left. Once we came back that night, still no sight of the manager. We talked to her assistant manager who began to talk down to us stating that the room was indeed a nice suite and we were getting our money's worth. The bed itself was no more comfortable than the regular beds & no extra amenities were included. We stated that all we wanted was a view and that we did not get. He proceeded to say that the manager would phone us and leave a message. The next day came and no phone call. We kept trying to call the front desk to ask someone to pass us along to the manager and each person kept sending us off to another person, all of which were clueless and could not help us. Finally, we had enough and we to the front desk one last time where again we could not find the manager who told us she was there "everyday and would not hide." We were not about to waste our entire trip looking for this women so we told the assistant manager we would definitely not be back nor would we recommend this place to anyone.Additionally, the wifi in the rooms were awful. I kept getting in & getting kicked right out. The night we actually spoke to the manager she said it was a problem with my phone and not her wifi. I have stayed at countless other hotels in vegas and i never ONCE had any problems with the internet other than it being a little slow. Secondly, we were told even if we made a long-distance call to Canada using a phone card, the hotel would charge us. ALL of the hotels we've stayed at along the strip (Mirage, TI, Caesar's  Palace etc.) never once did this. We call the operator to make sure of this and she asked who told us this and that we would not be charged. So we used our phone card to make a 5 minute call home & when we went to check out they charged us for that call. My mother explained that we were told by the operator we would not be charged. Again, we were belittled and asked "who told you that?" Also, on our last night, all of our keys stopped working and we got locked out of our room. Also, the shower in our room was awful, when we wanted to have a bath the shower head never fully turned off so water would come out of both. More importantly, there is NO mini fridge in the room. We kept having to use ice buckets just to keep our drinks cold. The AC was also awful, it operates on its own automatically & I was literally melting the nights that we stayed there because of the heat.I am not someone who is picky with hotels at all. What I did not like is how many of the staff appeared to be rather clueless not being able to provide us with simple, straight up, answers. Instead, we were passed off to more people who didn't have a clue. While Harrah's is indeed very convenient and the hotel itself is average, I will not EVER be returning because of the experience that we had. The staff is not accommodating what so ever. If you are looking for a cheap hotel for a couple of nights I still would not recommend this pace. 3.5 stars is being EXTREMELY generous for the customer service that is provided. The only positive about Harrah's is its location in the middle of the strip & that is all.I got sick after a day being there real quick. I wondered why? I took my 3rd shower and actually paid attention to the Shower head. The metal backing was broken but. most importantly the head was diseeased, and clearly the reason i got sick and felt like i was drunk without even drinking yet. The whole room was pretty dirty especially the whole bathroom. 17th floor.I went to get my room changed. I got one with an amazing strip View on the 24th floor YEAH!!! The bathroom was much cleaner, but the shower did not have hot water...... I could not win with these rooms. I gave it two stars, because I was able to do the Ice Bucket challenge easily by just jumping in the shower. Thanks for my making my challenge a lot easier Harrahs.Casino/Dealers were cool thoughBasically Vegas was good to me.. while my Hotel tried to kill me.Note: I started feeling better when moved to the new room on the 24th floor. The pictures of the shower head will make you throw up.On va faire simple si vous vous balader  Vegas vous monterai et descendrai le strip, vous irez de casino en casino et si par malheur vous les visitez tous vous constaterez un peu plus le regret d'avoir rserver une chambre au Harrah !Check in dates: 8/29/13-8/31/14Two reservations at this hotel. I was treated very poorly by their supervisor Joy. She did not have any good customer service skills and was not able to accommodate me for my complaints. Instead of helping the situation, she wanted to get rid of me quickly. I will never recommend this hotel to any of my friends, family. Beware, they only want your money. The iron was not working, poor lighting in the room, poor wall mount connections, and i was given a two queen bed when i originally purchased and reserved king bed! On top of that, i get a call from another manager Monday morning who Apologized and offered to refund back resort fees, stated that i would see it back in two days. To this day, i still have not received my refund back. I will be writing a letter of complaint to their corporate office. This is unfair customer service!I attended a work conference here and was dreading staying at the hotel. From prior experiences, my family and I have had issues every time we stayed here- from loud neighbors to a non- draining shower. Conveniently the conference rooms are nearby and the food breaks were located in the buffet. The conference rooms were spacious and comfortable. When my guest and I checked into our room, the noise from the a/c was super loud. I requested another room and when we transferred it was the same thing. Couldn't sleep at night and was very uncomfortable. The hotel is conveniently in the middle of the strip so it was nice to walk around after the conference. Some if my association colleagues were smart to reserve nicer rooms in other neighboring hotels.Harrahs Casino in Las Vegas, what can I say. Went here for a bachelor party and it's the only reason why I would stay in such a dumpy hotel. Don't get me wrong, if you're trying to save a buck and go with your bits it's great, if you are going with a female stay anywhere else. On top of that the hold that they place on your account won't be returned to you until after the ten business days that they tell you and ONLY after you call and remind them. "Sorry sir, I see that it's here it was just never completed." Lol of course it wasn't... Anything to try and take a buck from ya.This was the first time I ever stayed at Harrah's and it will definitely be the last.  While the place has a few things going for it (the price was right, the room was nice enough and you can't beat the location), overall my experience there sucked.It wasn't any one thing - it's just that there's really nothing at Harrah's to recommend it over any of the other hotels on the strip.  Most Vegas hotels have one area or another where they excel (the Flamingo has great pools, the Mirage has a great sports book, Caesar's has great shops and restaurants, etc.), but Harrah's has nothing to set it apart.The sports book is small and cramped, as is the poker room.  There aren't a lot of great restaurants.  Half the cocktail waitresses look like they could have known Bugsy Siegel personally.  And the pool?   Well, my room had a view of the pool, and I was puzzled as to why it was empty the first day we were there.  That is, until my brother went down and found that the layout of the pool is such that it hardly gets any sun.  I'm not a pool person anyway, but my brother is, and he ended up going down and paying $15 to use the Flamingo pool.But the biggest issue I had with Harrah's was that the parking situation was a nightmare.   Right behind the hotel is a little fairground area with a ferris wheel and a few other rides.  This is fairly new, as it wasn't there the last time I was in Vegas.  Anyway, they were holding some kind of food fair there last week, and it wreaked absolute havoc on the parking.  One night, I tried to enter the parking lot from the Strip, but for some reason, that entrance was blocked, so I had to go around the block and in the back entrance...it took me close to an hour.  Another night, I couldn't leave the hotel by car because the cars trying to exit the garage were backed up all the way up the ramps.  Couldn't get a cab either, as there was a huge line of people waiting and very few cabs showing up.Also adding to the parking nightmare was the fact that with all the recent construction, there are now four hotels (Harrah's, The Quad, The Linq and the Flamingo) whose parking garages all funnel out to a common exit.  Like I say, getting in and out of there now is a nightmare.If you just want an affordable room, centrally located on the Strip, then you may like Harrah's.  If you're renting a car though, stay away!I wouldn't stay here again if you paid for my room.  A buddy and I stayed at Harrah's for 3 days from Thursday to Sunday.  He had a comped room due to his Total Rewards card, and I'd never stayed here before, so I thought we should try a new place.  That's what I get for trying new things I suppose.  My room was a standard room, and it was motel sized.  The door nearly hit the toilet when you would close it.  The shower never completely stopped running during my entire visit.  I tried to pull the water temperature handle tight and this didn't work.  I tried to fiddle with the switch that turns on the shower.  The good news (I guess) is that when I closed the door it was a soft enough drip that I didn't hear it in the room and wasn't disturbed.  Also, the water pressure was awful, so I never got a nice comfortable shower while I was there.My first day when I arrived in the room it was 74 degrees.  I like it cold, I usually set the thermostat at 65.  So, I set it at 65 before going to gamble for the afternoon.  Well, after we'd been out for awhile and I came back up to get ready for dinner the room was still 74.  So, I called the front desk and told them the issue, and they responded they'd send an engineer right up.  So, I go to dinner, go out for the evening, and do some gaming.  When I arrived at the room around 3:00 AM it was 79 DEGREES.  Somehow the engineer had figured the room was too cold, so he turned the heat up.  So, I had to wait for another engineer to come and change the thermostat setting at 3:30 in the morning.  The previous engineer hadn't just changed the thermostat, he did something to the system that I couldn't fix.  So, instead of going to sleep I had to wait for someone that could fix this issue.  Needless to say, this was incredibly annoying.  I will say Harrah's made it right by taking off my resort fees (which are a joke anyway, but that's Vegas-wide, so I can't blame Harrah's for that) and giving me a small food comp.  But, since I didn't like any of the restaurant choices, I didn't use all of the comp.  But, they did make it right, so I'll give Harrah's credit there.Harrah's has a Hertz rental desk on site which is nice.  Additionally, I can say that it's in a nice part of the strip, very close to Venetian, Mirage, and Caesars.  We spent the majority of our time at these three places.  Regarding restaurants, the steakhouse is Ruth's Chris, so I didn't eat there.  We did try the Oyster Bar for lunch, and it was okay.  I did not have the buffet, and in fact a security guard saw my friend and I walking that direction and told us not to eat the buffet.  We informed him we were going to the Oyster Bar, and he responded "good."  So, even though we weren't planning on eating at the buffet, that did not instill confidence.Regarding the gaming, Harrah's is a Caesars Resorts casino, so they have a lot of the "Millionaire Maker" games like Let It Ride, 3 Card Poker, Mississippi Stud, and Ultimate Texas Hold Em.  These games are $5 limits, and I will say Harrah's had a lot of them open during all hours of our trip.  So, it was nice to have a $5 Let It Ride table on a Friday night on the Strip.  But, this isn't specific to Harrah's, you can get this at other Caesars properties.  On the casino floor, the bathrooms were never clean, and they are too spread out.  Newer casinos have bathrooms placed better along the gaming floor.  I think this joint used to be nice, but time has not been kind.  I won't return.Got a comped room for 3 nights here. First thought of driving through the parking garage was "damn, this place is OLD." We got a room in the Mardi Gras Tower, 9th floor with an awesome view of the parking garage. The room was an okay place to sleep but I didn't really feel compelled to stay in the room any longer than we needed to. It was the bare minimum of cleanliness, old, outdated, and just sad. The walls are paper thin, we could hear every door opening and closing and every conversation walking by. The carpet was disgusting, the bathroom door didn't close all the way, There's no way in hell I would've ever paid to stay in this hotel. Thank goodness it was freeeeeeeeeeNice location. Cheap price. Good customer service. Room is outdated. Wifi is a big issue. You need to call the technician to set it up for you which takes around 5 minutes per device, though the technician is very patient and helpful. The speed is very (unbearably) slow at times, which is why I have this 2 minutes to write this review (my browser is still loading). If you need a cheap place to stay and don't need wifi too much, you can consider this hotel.We did not stay here, but went to check out a show, walk around, etc. (We took the monorail.) The ventilation system is obviously quite old and the whole place reeked of stale smoke.Overall disappointing. This place has certainly seen its better days. Harrah's is in serious need of a complete renovation top to bottom. Now it's completely overshadowed by the newer more modern and glamorous hotel casinos surrounding it. Our room in the Mardi Gras tower was sub par at best. The sink was clogged even after maintenance worked on it for 30 minutes. The safe didn't work, half of the light bulbs in the room were out, and the entire room just felt musty and old. A lot of the room fixtures were all faded or broken from age. Luckily our stay was comped because I would be seriously be pissed if I had to pay anything to stay here.Love staying here because it is right on the strip and affordable.  I hate they charge for wifi.  I went downstairs to print out my boarding passes on a paid terminal.  I keep Jamming up and had to keep feeding it more money.  Complained to someone at the front desk about having to pay to print out boarding passes and about the terminal up.  He was very rude and even said "welcome to big business!"   Would have gotten four stars if it wasn't for that jerk!I wish I could review the hotel separate from the staff. The staff everywhere in the hotel were awesome. The front desk area, the casino floor, bartenders, housekeeping, & the Fulton St. Grill. Very friendly happy people. But the hotel room was soooooo run down I was afraid to walk barefoot on the floor & Rug.Stained rugs, beat up furniture. Too yucky to take pictures.So when I walked into the casino it looked very nice and clean it even smelled good. My room, I did not love it. We stayed in the 17th floor at carnival tower, a luxury  room . I should of just stayed in a classic room and saved a few dollars.We had a view of roofs and I could kinda see just a a tiny tiny bit of the strip, so I didn't love that . The bathroom was very small. There was a stain of something brownish/reddish on the sheets(gross). I would say the worst was that the ac did not work! It was to hot in there I couldn't sleep. The staff did seem nice but I don't think I'll be staying here again.It smelled like old motel. It does not compare to the one in Southern California which is way newer. Too pricey for the quality.This hotel seems to be very poorly run. Check in times are much longer than I have experienced at other Las Vegas hotels. There weren't sufficient front desk personnel to handle the crowd, and the person that helped me did not seem to be adequately trained. Moreover, when I got to my room there was a placard hanging off the door handle saying that the carpet had just been cleaned, so of course it was still damp. This was on a Sunday so I'm surprised that they put a guest into this room when they weren't full. Internet login was also an issue. I eventually called the help number and found out that despite the room number of CTC1959 on the slip of paper given to me at check-in or the 1959 on the door, neither was the right room number to use for login. I expected better from this hotel.This is a budget hotel, but they charged the same rates as other much nicer hotels. Our room was supposed to be a single king, which the girl told us at check in, but when we got to the room it was 2 queens. The room itself needs some work. For starters, the fridge they have merged with a stand alone cabinet doesn't work. Never got cold and the door to open it to super strength to even budge the door open from the industrial strength magnet they used to keep it closed. In the shower, there is a hole where the pipe comes through because the metal used to cover that up had fallen off and would not stay on. The pressure for the water in the shower was barely above a trickle. The door handle associated with the connecting room door was broken. We went to turn it and the entire handle came off. The pool closes at 5pm???  They literally walk around and kick people out of the pool area at 5.  I have NEVER been to a hotel that closes a pool at that time. We asked for 1extra hour from the 11am check out and they denied us and told us it would be $200 if we stayed late. Yet our friends had called 3 minutes before and got the extra hour.  We didn't come to this hotel expecting it to be fancy by any means, but we will NEVER come to this hotel again!Been coming here over 20 years, excellent staff, horrible room..!!! I upgraded to a suite, total nightmare. We were suppose to be there 3 days, checked out and went to Westgate (old LV Hilton) after first night. Harrahs room was old, stinky and in horrible condition. The couch didn't even belong in the Goodwill. Stains on the carpet, and the beds were in horrible condition. The beds reminded me of that one Lucy episode when Ethel had to tie down Fred from falling into the hole in the middle. Very sad to see this place, which used to be our favorite in ruins...!!! P. S.  I left several messages for  front desk manager named Tasha, she never returned my calls..!!Bye bye Harrahs. ..!!!I was very disappointed with this property.

DON'T: eat here unless you're very very very hungry.PROS: Service A+

Oh, and the Gelato shop next door?He owns that too~ But not a feature of VLA~ Do your self a favor and check Luv-It around the corner~ It may appeal more to an honest palate~

the burgers were alright. nothing special, esp not for that price.garlic and parmesan fries are literally just fries with garlic and parmasan flakes on top. in and out's fries are better.. and it's about 10x cheaper.service was good though, so i guess that's a plus.Venetian is awesome because of their great rooms, their fine dining, their clubs, and their extravagant ambiance.  What they sorely lack is quality casual dining.  Grimaldi's is the only reasonable casual dining eats (outside of the food court).  Unfortunately, this restaurant is one to stay away fromBurgers are very average to below average.  Fries are average.  Fried Mac and Cheese is flavorless (but free with your yelp check in).  Prices are high for what you get .  The positives of this place are the abundant beer options, their garbage fries (chili cheese fries with cilantro and jalapeno), portion size.But if you're craving burgers, go to another hotel to get your fix.  If you want better casual eats in Venetian, then go to Grimaldi's or the food court.  But, if you're not wanting Pizza or Panda Express, then you need to get out of Venetian for your Vegas Cheap eats.What makes this place such a poor choice is all the other amazing burger joint in Vegas. We were there 5-28-13 around 9pm and sat at the bar for dinner. The self proclaimed "world's greatest fried pickles" were solid but the ranch to dip them in tasted processed, artificial, and gross. The garbage fries were a pile of ok bar fare, but nothing special. Now the kicker, THE BURGER WAS A UNSEASONED HUNK OF JUNK. It looked so tasty too, but had ZERO flavor. Bun not toasted, meat was unseasoned and had no crust, and the roasted peppers had no flavor and were cold.  Go to Bachi Burger, Burger Bar, KGB, BLT or Sin City Burgers. ALL ARE BETTER THAN THIS JOINT. So is Fat Burger, In and Out, BLT Burger and Holsteins. What I'm saying is don't eat here.Fancy burger place in a fancy hotel.  Nothing special.  Very pricy.Went here as part of a package that came with Rock of Ages tickets. Hard to find, far away from the Rock of Ages theatre.  VERY LOUD with suboptimal service and uncomfortable seating.  Huge ok-flavored burgers with giant piles of tasty fries, so if you are the size of a lumberjack you will be happy. The "cost" for four people with sodas was marked as $85.00.  With so many other dining choices around in the Palazzo, would skip this.Our group of friends, vacationing to Las Vegas, went to this place because we wanted to find a dinner place that wasn't quite one of those places of $65+ a head, nor one of the overpriced "cheap" mediocre places, nor one of the chain places (like Chipotle or Panda) on the strip, and we were staying in the Palazzo. To start with, it took the waitress like 10-15 minutes to even get to us to take the drink order. The drinks were brought to us by a different person, so it was another 10-15 before we could even make our order. One of the people in our group ordered a chocolate shake which was brought to us so long after it was made that it was half-melted. Some of the food brought to us had also started to cool down, and they seemed to ignore my friend's order of "no cheese" on his burger. Also, one of the ways I judge service at a place is by seeing if I get to the point where it took them so long to replace my water that I need to start chewing on the ice. Like 20 minutes after I got to this point, the hostess (the one who seats you) and not the waitress finally came and refilled our waters. The burgers were, precisely as a different reviewer wrote, average. They're better than many fast food places, but not the quality I'd expect from a place that charges $12-25 for just a burger entree. Honestly, the food is one of the few things saving this place from a one star review. I am, in fact, quite full after eating there, and I did pay a relatively cheap fare for Vegas Strip food. Warning! The Parmesan Garlic fries are actually just their fries with Parmesan flakes and garlic sprinkled over them. I expected something nice, akin to the Counter in CA, where there is high quality cheese melted on and I eat them with pleasure every time. That's not what these are. To put a nice bow on the whole deal, the waitress took the 20% coupon we had from the book that came with our room and failed to ring it up at first, thus causing the person carding the bill to need to go void the transaction and have them re-ring it up. I only wish we had actually checked Yelp, since our experience seems to match others' very well.I ate at the bar area. The service was good. The staff was friendly. I even received the free mac and cheese app for checking in. Like most of the comments the burger are good but overpriced. I had the bacon burger and fries. Overall it was good but not worth $30. If I get hungry for a burger I would go to In and Out or Habit burger for a third of the price. Again, not a bad place and good service just overpriced.I love burgers, so I really wanted to love I Love Burgers.  I loved the friendly hostesses.  I loved the friendly woman working at the counter.  I didn't love the over cooked, dry burger.  I didn't love the under cooked fatty bacon they slapped on my over cooked dry burger.  So five stars for the employees, but only 2 stars for the food.I ordered a 17 dollar burger and asked for bacon.  When I'm paying 17 bucks I expect the order to be correct.  There was no bacon!  Where's the bacon?  Not on my burger.   Get it together people.Burgers and drinks were good service and appetizers were not that great .my bf and i were staying at the palazzo august 8-11th so we got the carnival book for free. since i love burgers was part of the deals in the book- we used the 15% coupon deal. when we first arrived the deco was pretty random- theres grass and random chalk writing on the ceilings. the service was alright nothing too spectacular and atmosphere was a lil busy. we decided to do fried mac and cheese nomnoms, garlic parm. fries, i tried the love&seoul burger and my bf had the bacon cheeseburger. since looking the reviews- the two sides were the most popular. i think out of all of that the mac and cheese nomnoms were the best. my burger was alright and was a bit dry and the fries were too overpowering with the garlic flavor. im glad we used the deal and got the discount because i wouldnt pay for the full 50 buck bill.next time im def gnna try holsteins (spell check) at cosmo. this place was a lil subpar and didnt make me go "oh yeaa! best burgers everrr!" if you guys arent staying at the palazzo or venetian to recieve the carnival book- you guys can always check in on yelp for the deal on the free nom noms.I was very reluctant to try this burger place. It is extremely different. A little tasty but definitely not worth the money. This location is VERY expensive for a burger. The hotdog was better. They have great French fries though. Just be sure to see if there is a coupon somewhere before you sit down and order. Breakfast is AMAZING!I went around 4pm for a salad.  It took 15 min just to get my order in and another 20 to get my salad to my table.  The restaurant was fully staffed and around 35% full.  Even if staffing was an issue, 20 min to mix dressing with arugula is ridunkulous.  I gave it an extra star because the bartender was nice enough to give me a discount for the wait.The burgers were alright as far as flavor goes. However, they are about $15 a piece, smaller than I expected, and do not even come with fries.Our waitress was very slow. Water glasses went empty for long periods of time and I can't believe how long it took them to prepare 2 burgers and one salad.Also, if you are in the Venetian during Passaporto di Carnivale season, don't try to use the coupon deals for this place. There are quite a few hidden restrictions as far as what you are allowed to get discounts on.I love burgers. My bf LOVES burgers. So as a couple together, we DEFINITELY love burgers. But...I love burgers, you kinda broke my heart! You definitely didn't show me the love. I was a little disappointed and heart broken after eating here.We were staying at the Palazzo and wanted a quick lunch to help us absorb all the alcohol from the night before.  When I saw that there was a restaurant called I love burgers, you just HAVE to try it right?First off, did any of you think it was hard finding the place? The Palazzo Hotel is seriously sometimes super hard to navigate around.  For some reason, I always have a hard time finding my way back to my room.  Everything looks so all the effing same that I can't tell the difference between being in the Palazzo hotel or Venetian. Finally after some time finding the place, we got seated for our lunch.  The BF ordered the Inferno and I ordered the Seoul.  I'm Korean so maybe it was a mistake ordering a "Korean" burger at a random joint but the burger was not very good.  The kimchi kinda tasted funny that the mix of sriracha and kimchi tasted off. The BFs Inferno wasn't that much better either.  He was expecting his burger to be spicy but even I thought it wasn't spicy enough.There are definitely better burger joints in the Vegas strip.  Disappointingly enough, I love burgers just doesn't make the cut.Although I thought the burger was a 4 star burger it was priced like a 5 star burger ($16). Garbage Fries, 4 stars, $9. They had a decent selection of craft beer, although not special enough to make it a destination for someone looking for craft beer.The Good:

otherwise...I wont choose beaver choice.Beaver Choice has delicious food, but service seems to be a challenge for them to master.  I've eaten here many times, and the food is often tasty.  I've witnessed poor and slow service at other tables, but this was my first experience with it.Last week I had lunch with a friend and was shocked by the poor service and mediocre food.  I had to apologize to my friend a few times because they weren't performing.  The owner and her son were waiting tables, or more precisely, they were waiting some tables.  Our table wasn't on the list. We ordered the salmon burger with shrimp salad, which I wouldn't recommend.  We had to ask for forks and napkins; none were on the table and the wait staff didn't notice it.  Seems that should be automatic in a restaurant -  to see that patrons aren't eating their food.  We weren't sitting in the back corner either; we were up front at the 2nd table.  Once we got our forks no one stopped by our table to ask about our food, but they were readily chatting it up with the table right next to ours. After waiting way too long, the owner finally offered the dessert menu, but didn't ask about my friend's half eaten burger.  The place was not busy at all, and now I understand why.  Will be a long time before I return here.Not terrible but very expensive and a bit of an odd presentation.I stopped in for lunch the other day and sat at the bar.  I found the menu a bit confusing but finally settled on the porkbelly with collard greens.  It arrived quickly.  The plate was a 5 inch square plate with what was perhaps a 3 oz. piece of porkbelly sitting on top of about a cup of collard greens.  For $12.00.  What was odd, was the porkbelly was sitting in a good half inch of the liquid from the greens, but all I was given was a fork to eat it with and there was also no bread.  Did I mention it was $12.00?  At lunch? I asked for some bread and they brought it out quickly.The pork belly was pretty good although a bit on the dry side.  The collards were just fine but it's hard to mess up collard greens isn't it?I asked for the menu again and now I noticed that everything is a la carte, even on the lunch menu.  So I guess I was supposed to order a side of potatoes for an additional six bucks.  As another Yelper has pointed out, this is after all a restaurant sitting in front of the Walmart so this all seems a bit pretentious.  Look, I don't mind paying for good food in the least but I do object to being presented with a tapas sized portion when I order an entree, particularly when it is involving such low food cost items as pork belly and collard greens.  Seriously, come on guys, what is your food cost on this dish?  I'll guarantee you it's under two bucks.  In my book, that's a rip-off.  Anyway, I'm not really sure Paradise Valley needs such a precious restaurant but I guess time will tell.   I left hungry and $16.00 poorer.Finally, I don't get this recent bizarre and unwelcome trend I've observed recently of nice (and expensive) restaurants not serving bread .  What's up with that?  If you're going to serve traditional European/American food and charge a lot of money, bring some nice artisan bread to the table.Horrible service. No one had any idea what was going on. Overpriced. Everything took FOREVER to come out. Will definitely not return.I sauntered in to the Salty Sow...and was hit by the "Sewer Smell" that others are posting about.  The building was totally renovated, and they screwed up something in the bathrooms.

Beef burger was standard for a sit down restaurant. Ahi burger didn't have enough ahi.  It was two thin slices.  So, you were biting mostly into bread.  - Captain Hook Burger (Fried Cod):  The crust was very salty, but the crispiness of the fish was excellent. I didn't care for the sweet relish.- Iced Tea:  perfect.... freshly brewedService:  very slow (They need to hire a runner to deliver the food to the tables... especially since they sold over 1000 GroupOn deals.)Price:  Pricier than Smash Burger for about the same quality just nicer ambianceAmbiance:  A fun place to go on a casual date.  Cute decor (contemporary cowboy?)  The booths are great for really tall people.  For short people like me, it felt like I saw sinking in the seat and had to sit up to reach the table.   I would only go back for the turkey burger & the shoe string fries, but I'd have to get some kind of deal because their prices are just more than many of the other restaurants around town.My family & I stopped in at this place on a Saturday because I had a groupon. We all got burgers & fries. I also got a strawberry milkshake. It was a pretty nice place, lo-key. Wasnt packed at all.Service: Our waitress mustve just started working there or either she was just really flustered. Everything we asked for, she repeated and looked back to us as if she wanted to ask a question. She did this with drinks and all. Just kinda stared at us once we were done ordering. Stared at us at least 10 seconds later...Weird!Food: It was okay, nothing to drive out that far again for. Burgers were big and they serve shoestring fries w/ some type of burger sauce on the side. Fries were flavorful even though I'm not a fan of shoestring fries. Burger was uhhhh ok...Like I stated before, nothing special. Seems like we had to be quiet in there even though its set up like a sports type bar. Dont think I would go back.Burgers weren't that great.  I think the only thing I enjoyed was the ahi tuna sliders.  Prices are decent, but for that price there are other places to get a decent burger or specialized one.  My gf and I are average height and when trying to sit in the booth, we sunk into the seat.  I used a Groupon and still had to pay about $20 still for 2.  Service is great and the place is clean.  Light is a bit dark, there's a bar and some tv's for sports.Everything's really dry except forthe carrots that came with my buffalo wings

Most of the staff was friendly. The room was very clean.They gave me late checkout.  It's not a bad place, but at this price point there's better hotels available.The rude agents at the front desk tainted my stay at this otherwise nice property. Our rooms weren't ready when we check in, but they were unapologetic and had bad attitudes. When I asked how long the wait would be Trina said she didn't know and that I needed to stop questioning her because I she had other things to attendant to. I remarked that she was rude and said she thought that I was rude. I went to the next desk clerk, Michelle, and asked her to help us instead. I asked to speak to a manager. She called someone named Frank, and then told me he was too busy to see us at the moment. No one seemed to care and I did not feel welcomed. We were given out rooms 20 mins later with no apology from anyone. When I asked about a breakfast voucher for the inconvenience, I was told they don't do that. They rooms were fine, but the wifi was SLOW. However, it was the front desk staff that ruined my stay.The only thing positive we had to say was the location and view are great.

You can avoid the singing.

-there was at least twice as much breading than eggplant.

The steak was marinated and cooked perfectly. Great cut of meat with minimal fat and juicy flavor.

the menu looks good, but not sure...

FYI: if you want free WiFi go next door to McDonald's.If there were 1/2 star options I would rate it a 2.5.  The gaming was great as in the craps dealers and the pit bosses were really awesome and the steak house ROCKED.  But...and it's a big one - the room sucked.  Nevermind we were even with the roof so someone could have been peeping tomming all day long but come on Harrah's break open that purse where YOUZ making all that green and fix the bathtub so it "don't" drip drip drip all day and night long.  Make sure the place doesn't smell like a mildew laden sock drawer and WAIT for it...please please please be sure there aren't someone else's hairs all over the pillow.We tried to change rooms - got all the way to someone on the phone then when I went to pick up the key the wait was 35 people long - I'm not kidding.  I actually counted the people.So I gave up and we sucked it up - it was sad because like I said we loved the casino people...Al, you rock!!!

If I come back, it'll be during the day.Love to come play pool or darts but why is the bathroom a mess every time I go. Also why let someone play Cornhole in front of all the dart games? This place is large enough for everything. Nice atmosphere for a sports bar.  Too bad it seems like the place is not cared for.Took forever to be served and the place was dead. Waitress tends to hang out at the bar versus wait on the tables. Once we got the first beer waited forever again to place food order. So, if you are thirsty or hungry... head to BWW around the cornerThe only full service car wash near my house.  Same price as all the others.  Little slow but there was great attention to detail.  Nice job.I went here and really wanted to like it. The service was exceptional and the staff were very helpful as I have an infant and I was struggling to get around. I got my car back and was extremely unhappy. The side mirrors , rear view mirror were not washed and dried . The insides of my windows had streaks and spots of dirt were left all over the place, right in plain sight. The vacuuming was sub par and there is crud all over the place. The inside of my doors still had dust and dried soda ...they didn't wipe them off. Nor did they bother to get off the spots on the outside of the car the washer left behind. Now I have to clean it myself. What a waste of money and time I don't have with a fussy baby! Only one reason for the second star and that was the considerate employees!Probably the second worst detail I've had on my xterra. The left some spray  that they used n my dash on my windows that didn't come with cleaner.  Unfortunately it was darker out when I picked my car back up so didn't inspect it very good.  They are ok for cleaning the outside, but they rushed the interior detail.We are standing in line to check and one women ringing people up and the other two YOUNG GIRLS standing behind the counter. One digging in her purse the other looking at her. We wondered what they were doing. Finally the one girl left. I guess she was getting off work. This generation suck when it comes to CUSTOMER SERVICE. ON THEIR CELL PHONES. Seems like they are only concerned about when will I get off and when I get paid.Also, they have the  nerve to ask when is my vacation, and only been there for a month.Very Disappointed!We had been going here for 8 years! One of the new office staff members talk down to us over the phone numerous times and is very rude and obnoxious. Although I do love the dentist, I recently switched due to the disrespectful attitude of this one office staff member. I no longer feel comfortable taking my children when this person had such a nasty and unprofessional attitude time and time again. Very heartbroken but it's time we parted ways.I called store and spoke with the guy works there. he told me they are running a special 7 dollars off  for oil change  (was $28) so I would pay around 22 dollars.so I thought that would be a good price for a oil change so I made a appointment for today.

2.  A very nice facility.Cons:

i loved the amenities at the lofts and i really wish i didn't have to go through that horrible experience of feeling like we were not worth their extra time. i might not be super rich but we work hard and travel often and do not mind paying for great amenities and service.ITs no longer Chanpen. Now its Bangkok BBQ but for some reason it won't let me add it as Bangkok- Meh. That sums it up. Son ordered the yellow curry, which had previously been a big hit at Chanpen. It was only lukewarm, much thinner than Chanpen's version and had big globs of fat floating around on the top hinting at the fact that it had been sitting for a while and had lost its emulsification. I had the thai bbq chicken. Maybe it would have been better if it was even somewhat warm, let alone hot. The man had the bbq spare ribs. Again, not even warm. The eggrolls were pretty tasteless too. There are better thai places in town. Chanpen was one of them. I wouldn't waste my time here.After explaining that my four year old daughter loves beading and that this is her reward at the end of the week for excellent behavior, the staff still scowled at me for letting her look through the beads herself.  I'm sure it's tedious, putting all those beads in their little bins and having one fall into another bin is like armageddon, but we really did clean up after ourselves.After thinking what a shame and making a mental note never to come to this place again, I noticed a 25 cent gumball machine filled with beads on the counter. Five dollars worth of picked out beads, and 25 cents into the gumball machine later, and my daughter was the happiest kid on the planet.I still won't go back to Bead World, as I expect good customer service even if you hate kids - or at least put an age limit on your door if you don't want little ones in your store - but the gumball machine is a nice touch (that should have been pointed out to me instead of being given the scowl.)I've used this store for years because it is very conveniently located to me.  The inventory is decent; sometimes I find what I'm looking for, and sometimes not.  Unfortunately, over the five years since I found the place, the customer service has been consistently bad.  They seem affronted if you ask them a question, and offer limited help and almost no suggestions.  I have waited for awkward minutes to pay at the counter while the employee finishes up with whatever beadwork she is doing at the little table behind it.  Additionally, it is commonplace to be watched like a hawk as you shop, apparently no matter how many times you have been or how many hundreds of dollars you have spent there over the years.  Maybe this was special treatment for me, being younger than they are, and wearing whatever grubby day-off gear I may have had on.  It's no excuse, obviously, particularly for such a special interest store, which should be on its knees in gratitude for every body that walks through the door.  In fairness, I do recall at least one or two instances in which I have been treated courteously (by the same person each time), but it doesn't quite offset the begrudging treatment from the other bats.This place is kind of lame, honestly.It has a lot of potential, and it's pretty cute and bright and colorful inside. But the food is just not good. The one time I ate here, I had a shrimp tempura roll and something else that I can't remember. The tempura was awful! I'm pretty sure it had been fried hours before I even walked into the restaurant. The crunch-less texture was a total giveaway.There are so many other better, cheaper sushi places in Tempe. Don't even bother with this one.Their Sushi is not exactly the freshest, and the staff looked at me strangely when I asked if they had real wasabi.  I am not sure why you would name your restaurant after something you don't serve :(.As others have mentioned, the sushi is mostly crab mix. We ordered two sashimi and two rolls. The sashimi fish was very cold and still had ice in it! I guess they don't get many requests for sashimi. The dragon roll with eel tasted good and had a nice presentation. Basically, this is a training-wheels sushi place. The variety is limited, although they have many creative rolls - they all amount to the same few ingredients-crab mix, fried eel, shrimp, salmon.Also, a warning. We used a restaurant.com certificate. The fine print includes18% gratuity. No big deal... IF there is a wait staff!! To be charged 18% for ordering at the counter ?!? The gift certificate gets $10 off a $35 purchase, and they charged me $9 for a mandatory "tip". So I saved $1.Between the mediocre quality and the dishonest business practices, they won't be seeing me again!Meh. What can I say. It wasn't terrible, but I wasn't impressed. I had a restaurant.com gift cert  to try it out. Normally I don't mind the 18%gratuity that gets added on....but c'mon people. We got our food at the counter.....like McDonalds. What the frig did I just pay an extra 18% for? Ok, so that's not their policy, I understand that. Aside from that, there was a woman who walked around sort of cleaning. She never asked to refill our water and no one came around to ask if the food was any good. It just seemed a little expensive for something that was the equivalent of fast-food sushi. I've seen the decor a hundred times. It's called IKEA. And I already have enough of it in my house as it is. I'm looking for something different! Keep me as a customer! Make me want to return!I am a lover, but I also have to be honest.  First off, I give restaurants a chance to make me a satisfied customer before I type up a negative missive.That being said...I love sushi, I enjoy a fresh and inventive roll, know what good sushi grade meat tastes like, and will even spend extra on some good Toro.I have been to this establishment twice because it is minutes away from home (and an extra incentive was the ubiquitous Restaurant.com certificate.)  A great piece of marketing for this little sushi place, but I don't feel that they have taken the feedback to heart.Cons:  Unfriendly staff.  I was almost afraid to tell the lady at the counter that the Dynamite Roll tasted like baked dog food.  Upon doing so, but with a more candid and diplomatic approach, my suspicions were confirmed that my feedback would not be welcomed.  I received no eye contact, a sneer, but an offer to let me order another roll.  No apologies, definitely no smiles, and certainly no questions to ascertain the root of the issue.  No one came to the table to follow up on our orders, to ask if we were enjoying the food, or to offer refills.  So what was the 18% gratuity for that was automatically added to the bill?  When we left the restaurant both staff members were nowhere to be seen, maybe they wanted to avoid thanking us for coming in.  Despite the certificate we had, we still spent over $60 there.Every roll seems to have imitation crab meat, and the sushi grade is sub-par.  We sampled about six different rolls.  Quite frankly the best one was the passion fruit kiwi roll, which only had about four ingredients.  Even a baked shrimp and eel roll that was ordered had imitation crab meat.  Too much rice, not enough ingredients, and they definitely skimped on the sushi.  A $12 order of yellow tail sashimi was also disappointing, as the meat was a cut which none of us had ever seen before.  It certainly did not taste like what we were used to, and we spoke up about it.  The response was that this was just a different cut and it was all they had.  Really?!Pros: Prices are reasonable, average roll is $8.Cafe style so you order at the counter  and your meal is delivered to table.***There are so many wonderful sushi restaurants in the valley, dozens in that area, and I strongly believe that if you want to stay in business as a restaurant you have to offer something unique.  Whether it is the freshness and flavor of your food, or the incredible service that you offer.  Take "Sakana" for instance.  The moment you enter or leave their establishment, the entire staff greets you in Japanese.  You feel like an old friend stopping in for a visit.  Not to mention they have some of the best yellowtail sashimi, and they are generous with the portions.Unfortunately we will never come back here.  The food is lacking in personality about as much as the staff's.I'm not much of a gambler, but when I saw this place open up I thought, "why not." I'll save you from having to ask yourself this by telling you that the food is not good. I ordered a salad and a Las Vegas roll and the salad just never came out. I kept expecting it before my sushi (which I had to choke down), and finally I had to go ask for it. The staff did feel bad, but the place was COMPLETELY EMPTY.I won't be visiting Cafe Wasabi again.The fish didn't appear to be fresh. No warm rolls.I had the same problem as other people. I got a coupon off of restaurants.com to get a free $25 even after the free $25 I still had to pay $60 which is crazy because thats really expensive for food. The ordering is at the counter and then you sit down to eat so 18% gratuity is a little outrageous. Also, it said on the coupon that drinks could not make your minimum order, however, the gratuity is added after your drinks. Besides the whole money issue the sushi wasn't even that good. I didn't care for the food regardless of the price. I will not go back to this place.First time customers. My husband and I ate here for dinner last night. We had a $25 certificate from restaurants.com. Fist impressions of the place was that it is clean, modern in decor and has a large menu selection. We ordered two rolls, one order tuna sashimi and the kirin sake bomber special. The sashimi was okay. Plating was clean and the color / appearance of the tuna was nice. The portion size and cut was adequate. However it lacked the flavor and texture that I'm used to. I'm not sure if that is because the quality was substandard or not. The rolls were pretty much the same way. The presentation was nice but the flavor was lacking. The chairs at the main table were very uncomfortable. Service was attentive and friendly. Overall it was okay. I think I would rather go somewhere else though and have a more flavorful experience.My husband and I had dinner there last evening. The rolls were good, we waited for our beer, and then my husband went up and asked for it. We were a bit shocked by the 18% gratuity included in with the total when we stood at the counter and ordered our food. The service was fair definitely not worth the 18%, it was nice, but we will continue going to our usual sushi place. This place was a bit pricey for the service that we received. I have NEVER  been served Miso soup from a normal coffee cup before last night. Definitely wasn't impressed.I'll get straight to the point.

Vegetables Fritto/BrasatoOur appetizers came out quickly but the entrees took a very long time. And then on top of that, those of who had the brasato (my wife and I) couldn't eat them for they were too salty. In fact too salty for even my wife who puts salt on almost everything first. They offered to replace the meals but by then the others were nearly finished with their entrees so why bother. Again, a more attentive waiter would have been good. The lower servers (bread, water were spot-on).Later, upon further discussion, other dishes were a bit salty too.Though I love 70-80's rock, it doesn't fit the restaurant and it's persona.We read all the reviews saying that service at B&B was weak and figured "well, who cares, we go for the food, service is secondary."  But no, it really does kill the experience.  We waited for a table for over 20 minutes, despite having a reservation and despite being told to wait at the bar for *5* minutes when we arrived.  The waitress was never around.  We were halfway through our second course by the time the wine arrived.And the food was completely average.  We're both Batali lovers so we were really surprised at how unspecial the food was at B&B.  Very sad, definitely wouldn't go back.Meh is right. We shared the beat salad to start. Everything was sooooo oversalted. huge chunks of kosher salt in each bite. totally ruined my fave appetizer. yuck. next we shared the pumpkin lune. this was good. and perfect amount between the two of us. i could have used more sage though. traditional dish done well. then i got the beef tagliata and a got the trout. my meat was cooked right, but it was only ok tasting. a's trout was nice, but his riso nero was undercooked, like really undercooked. also was too salty. for dessert, we shared the meyer lemon pudding. that was the best part of the meal. there were crunchies on top and it was the perfect amount of sweet and sour. oh ya, and our waiter. seemed like a washed up surfer. also, kept on saying segundi instead of secondi. cmon! at least read the menu. i'm surprised he didn't say tagliata wrong. Also the resto is so damn loud. i'm just tired of that crap. can't even have a regular convo with someone sitting next to you.terribly disappointing.  our seats along the wall were so close to the other tables it was as if you're dining with them.  the waiter had an attitude as if we didn't deserve nor afford to dine there and couldn't care less about our satisfaction.  my smiles and hellos at staff walking through the restaurant were ignored until we were leaving the restaurant.  they were rather stuckup, and so disappointing compared to the night before when we had dined at carnevino.for appetizers we had the B&B affettati misti.  if you like this sort of thing, you might love it.  it's cured in house.  but if you live in seattle, just skip this and go to salumi's.  my friend had the warm lamb's tongue.  i took a few bites - it was one of the better things i had that night, aside from dessert.  one of those things you can't just get anywhere.i had the spaghettini with the one pound lobster.  when asked for "regular" or "non-spicy" i opted for "regular - if that means spicy!" of course.  it's not spicy at all, and i'm not just saying that cause i'm asian and i can handle serious spice.  i don't know what "spicy" meant.  it had a good amount of lobster, but everything just tasted pretty bland.  i did like the sweet garlic, but if you do decide to go here, try something else.  unless you like bland pasta.my friend had the special - a stinging nettle pasta with wild boar ragu.  it's very good but if you see this one the menu - it's surprisingly awfully rich.  we wish he would have warned us about that.the waiter recommended their most popular dessert when we ordered our entrees as it would take 30 minutes to prepare: a date & nut strudel covered in cardamom honey.  YUM.  fine. done. what he failed to tell us and what we found when it was delivered that it was like about a 4-inch wide 1-foot log of heavy goodness.  thanks for the recommendation but he should have warned us two ladies that we probably couldn't eat it all or even half of it.  so i definitely recommend this if you're a party of 4, or a party of 2 with an appetite for a heavy, rich dessert!overall, i would never go back.  sounds like this place is a hit or miss, and a good restaurant is always a hit.  i posted pictures of all the dishes mentioned above for the curious!FOR THE PRICE......I've definitely had better :(  I almost didn't order pasta since the menu had such an amazing diversity to it.....but, the server reccommended the special so I gave in.....to a salty, otherwise-unflavorful pasta with baby artichokes and not much else going on...seriously tasted like someone used the wrong measuring spoon in the kitchen :(  I should have said something at the time, but it was our anniversary and we were trying to get to a show afterward....plus, it's taken a full week for me to reflect on why I didn't speak up sooner.... I was intimidated by how I thoguht it should have tasted..like, maybe it was MY TASTEBUDS that were faulty! My husband's dish of spaghettini with lobster was above-average, but again pricey even for Vegas standards :() I will say that the 3-Beet Salad was fab, I could eat that house-made ricotta every day....and I even loved the sparkling wine that was suggested...but, again, over-priced. I do enjoy Mario Batalli on television; not so much the flavors of this restaurant.I dined here with some friends and we left unsatisfied AND disappointed. The ambiance is romantic however, there were moments where I felt like I was in a fish bowl. People walked by and starred through the open panes...it's a little strange for what was supposed to be a closed off and noble restaurant. The service was so so... our waitress practically recited the menu when we asked her if she could explain the dishes to us. Needless to say, she was not very helpful. Oh well. For starter, I ordered the Three Beets Salad. I love beets but I did not appreciate this dish at all. it was bland and tasteless. i think Batali's focus on this dish was to showcase the different textures of beets but, he did it in a way where it fell flat. There were no other components here other than beets to give this dish a bit of dimension that it so desperately needed. Next up, I had the salmon over a bed of cucumber salad. After my first bite I thought to myself "I can't believe this is Mario Batali." and not in a good way. It tasted like steamed salmon with cucumber juice. I truely wanted to like this place.. but the overall experience was very disappointing.To me, the best part of Vegas is the dining. There are hundreds of amazing opportunities, so when you + your buddies fork over $50/person, and it just ain't too good, it feels like you just spent your Christmas vacay with the flu. This is the place for you if you like oversalted small portions of pasta for $25 a plate. Want to wait 45 minutes for food when the place is half empty? How about a waiter that looks down her nose because there's a kid in your party?

--it's a funny dish to me, it got sweet and burn flavor mixed

Fresh made to order Mongolian stir fryCon's:

Somebody please tell me that the manager stepped out for a little while.

1) to not have someone act like im bothering them when calling in my order

-- Bring your OWN ketchup // condimentsI've seen Pink's featured on Food Network before. So when my friends suggested we go there for lunch, I was down!Luckily we got here right before the huge lunch rush. You can imagine the line getting very long during a busy hour on the LV Strip.--- Our Order ---

Took forever to get our drinks (10 mins about)

1) Inexpensive

Kitchen cannot keep up, and the servers have too much to handle.

Chocolate cake: (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bartolotta-ristorante-di-mare-las-vegas-3?select=RouM6b8yd4ykkuGQcXtoUg#rR6Q2H6JdasG834BT03TsQ)

If you do, or your bride does? Expect maybe half of your requests to be honored and accurate. Two stars.After deciding to get married in Las Vegas, my fianc and I thought we'd look into MGM. Angela was the wedding coordinator and was very quick to respond to emails. She was very nice and helpful. She could not help us with the reception because a lady named Beverly was in charge of that. Beverly had quick responses until a week in. She stopped responding to my emails. At first I thought she may be sick or on vacation so I gave her a couple weeks to respond. When I didn't hear back, I sent another. I waited a week or so then sent another. All I wanted to know was if we didn't know the final guest count until a 6-8 weeks before the wedding, how did I know how much to pay? Beverly told me that I would have to book and pay a year in advance.

-DVD player was not flush with roof

the rolls were microscopic.i should have tried some of the entrees instead of ordering just sushi. but when you're known for being a sushi restaurant, your rolls should be on par.i did really appreciate the wonderful customer service, though. when the mysterious water debacle occurred, the staff was apologetic and comped our $27 kobe gyoza appetizer, in addition to bringing us another dish on the house.So I don't know if I'm spoiled living in the SF Bay Area where there is an abundance of trendy Japanese restaurants at my fingertips. Koi was very mediocre for me. Sure, the space is nice and oh-so-chic. But it's not something I've never seen or that leaves a lasting impression. The service is not extraordinary and neither is the food. The decor kind of reminds me of Osha Thai on the Embarcadero and in the Marina. That's it.I started with the kobe carpaccio rolls. It was pretty good but the 8 small pieces are not worth $28. I then had the skirt steak entree... which again, is pretty good but not worth the price (tiny portion). I was told by our waiter that would be enough to fill my tummy but it wasn't. So I ordered a veggie roll. That was o.k. too. The best thing I had was the raspberry mojito. Even the desserts (our table had several to share) weren't all that great and I'm a huge fan of sugar. Hrmmm for $100/person, it could have been better.4 of my friends ordered the "chef's menu" where they were served tiny portions of about 8 dishes each. None of them were impressed at all.I dunno. I'm really starting to think I've become a food snob or something! :xLike the description says, Meh, I've experienced better.

- cover high relative to experience you receive

Mushroom paperdelle (pasta)

Bottom line: Would I recommend them? No...I'd find a place more local that has a project manager that understands customer service.So I was pretty hungry once and came in this fairly new restaurant which was close to me. The cook was pretty nice, and the place was empty, sort of a grey atmosphere. I don't think one is meant to eat in this place - take-out seemed like the way to go.I wanted to check it out, so I got the Pad See Ew, for $10, which honestly, is very pricey. (literally everything is $10) The taste was decent, but the dish didn't pick up any flavor from the wok. The braised bits of beef were okay though. The amount he gave really cheesed me though. If you pay $10, it's fair to assume you should be getting a good amount, but the bowl was half full. I understand why almost no one goes here. Thai Express is literally down the street and 2-3 bucks cheaper, a generous portion and honestly, tastes better - which is pretty sad. They claim to provide an authentic taste, but really, none of that was communicated to me through the dish, and I've been to Thailand.Overall, if you're a student or not - save your money and just go to the Thai Express if you want something vaguely resembling Pad Sew.So my initial review of Sumac was 4 shiny stars due to the excellent tasty food. Since this early experience I've visited this restaurant a number of times when they have been busy and as a result of my experiences I must update my review.The food at Sumac continues to be terrific,  what is far less than terrific is the system the restaurant has in place for order taking and seating and the owners attitude. When you arrive at Sumac at a busy time they do not allow you to secure a seat before ordering. Therefor you are stuck waiting in the line to order with no idea if a seat will be available for you by the time you get to the front of the line. You also have not idea if the people in front of you in the line are there for a table or for takeout.  So the result is that you may end up waiting in line only to find out that there is no space for you to sit and there are a bunch of people standing around waiting for tables to open up. On a number of occasions I have seen or experienced the owner treating clients with an impatient and rough manner which is a real turnoff to me. I hope that Sumac figures out how to resolve these issues and provide great customer services so I can go back to enjoying their delicious food.Mediocre food nothing special. Not worth the price since their chicken is clearly not freshly made. The fried Oreos were okay, expected better  and were. Little pricey. Would be better off going to freemont street and getting them for $1.No idea how this place gets rated so high.  The food is incredibly mediocre.  The wings were totally disgusting because the meat was rubbery and of a very, very low quality.  Sauce was below average too.  Funnel cake was ok.Wanna made my nail done before the Valentine dinner.

It was about a 5 minute drive from there. Once we arrived, we ordered. I got the ribs and two nasty side items that came with it. The fountain drink machine didn't have Coke or Pepsi products, but had R-C Cola products. The selection was interesting, but I found it unique and somewhat cool.

the single room seemed okay at first

Either employees are not paying attention or just don't care.

1. The office manager. Dear goodness, where do I begin? I had a question about the bill and the staff was unable to answer my questions. They told me I should call the manager, which was a very difficult process. I felt like they wanted me to just give up. I called three times over a couple weeks and couldn't reach them. Eventually, I left a message for her on her machine AND asked someone in the office for her to get  back to me. She did that afternoon.Within a few minutes of discussing the bill, it was clear to me that she had lost her temper. She brought up that the bill might be sent to collections if I didn't resolve it -- although the late date for paying had to do with the fact that she couldn't be reached. She also stated that she was "baffled" by me not understanding the appointment costs like "most people." Even over the phone it was obvious that she was raising her voice, using condescending language (she found me "baffling" more than once) and using an angrier and angrier tone as we talked.Even if it the patient is wrong (as I may or may not have been), I don't think a person in the health field should lose their cool -- ever. For me, they represent the business almost as much as the doctor.They ended up wiping out part of the disputed charge, which I think was fair compromise. Still, it felt like a nasty boxing match in order to do so. Most offices try to work with you, but *this* felt very adversarial. 2. The staff and the location.The staff seems pretty bored and unfriendly. Besides, I get the feeling that there is only so much they can do -- it seems to me like all major decisions go through the manager. The location doesn't inspire confidence either-- nestled into the corner of a strip mall-looking area. But, on the bright side you can walk on over to a Burger King in the same lot if you're famished after an exam.TL;DR (Too Long; Didn't Read):  In my experience:  Dr Gunn is nice. Hard to reach them, but a lot of options for appointments. Get ready to rumble when it comes to billing disagreements.Went here and needed 2 tires replace - which went well. Went back a couple of days later for a Realignment.Had early appointment, and 2 hours promised by salesperson. Things going okay until salesperson called me (in mall shopping) about an hour later and tire turned into two (both rear with shims on both needed) - salesperson re-promised same time (? - I expected a little longer).

Just gross.Everything else seemed fine but couldn't understand why they seemed to be fully staffed and the area by the drinks was in such horrible condition.The staff their is very friendly except this blond young lady. I come in I'm not greeted, not talked to, i asked how her day was and I was looked at like I was trying to hit on her, she's rolled her eyes at me before, I ask a question about pre workout if you have any that has a thermogenic in it and she's like I don't know and doesn't even check. The manager needs to sit back and reconstruct how the staff is doing when it comes to customer service. Besides having an issue every time I come in with this certain individual the rest of the staff is excellent.So My wife has gone here for a few years. First of all they are extremely friendly. And if you have dental insurance my issues will probably not be yours. While everyone is very friendly and takes a very personal interest in you, the costs are very high comparatively. They offer programs to help with the cost but even with those it is 2-3 times more expensive then elsewhere. My wife went here for a long time regardless because we liked the place and my wife had some dental work done in which we found value being at the same place. However, prior to her last visit she called a couple days prior to her appointment to find out exactly how much it was going to cost. After she had the serves done they charged her 20% more than what was quoted. We called a couple days later to investigate and the only explanation was that they require more x-rays than they used to. There was never an answer given as to why that wasn't disclosed. I told them we were going to be moving on. The reply was, "If refunding you the money this time will keep your business we'll do that." This was very disappointing. There was no regard for refunding the money because it was what they disclosed to us. There was no regard for doing the "right thing." It was simply we'll do it if you won't leave. This did NOT make us feel valued or as if there was a personal relationship but rather they would only do the right thing if they could get something in return. Such a sad ending to an otherwise enjoyable experience.If you need to send something out by mail the same day, don't bother coming here. Two of the times I've come here, the mail was apparently picked up earlier than the website says. Once when I called to ask where else I could get something in the mail that day, the employee was very rude in responding, and also gave me an incorrect answer to boot. Other UPS locations have been much more helpful than this one.We went to this location on Sunday around 6:30 at night. Restaurant was almost empty. I would say it took a while to get greeted since they were not busy at all. After our server took our drink order, it took even more time but we understood  7 people's drinks might take awhile even though we saw her talking and laughing inside of their kitchen. After we got our food, she never checked up on us for drink refills or if everything is still fine. She took her sweet time to give us bill and at that point, I was very disappointed about her service. I ended up going to ask a register lady for our bill. Her name is Ashley. I was willing to tip her good but she was not a great server. Again, restaurant was almost empty and the service we had wasn't right.Went here for breakfast and ended paying steakhouse prices. Example 2 coffees and 2 orange juices 12 bucks!!!  Really!!  The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because the food was good. However breakfast for 2 should never cost 33 dollars. Will never return.Seated right away. Service was very attentive. Had buttermilk pancakes which were tasteless and lukewarm. Too bad it wasn't pie Wednesday, then I would have had something decent to eat. Spouse had ham and eggs over easy which also were cold. Hard to imagine food temps when the place was not crowded.Another restaurant that's a slight step above something.  This one is a slight step above Dennys.  And I'm not sure if this is the one on Recker and McKellips or Power and Main.  The latter is even worse...Dreadful experience. Waitstaff (Kat) did not know what she was doing.   Midway through the meal she disappeared.  Service was sloooow even though we said we had a timeline to be outta there by 7.  Cook gave me a raw steak when I ordered medium.  Management (Brittany) comped my dinner but the damage was done. The soup was excellent though.   Not going back anytime soon for sure.Service. Awful and slow.Food. Mediocre.Pies. Good. Get them to go.Service = terrible (our server walked up and said "what do you want")

- wi fi is $15 a day for in your room. if you want to use wi fi on their extended property, it is $25 per day. It is a decent value for the money if you can overlook the negatives.Upon first glance, I was impressed. For a supposedly "old" hotel, the Flamingo was surprisingly clean and brightly lit. And to my surprise -- it was crackin! The casino was always filled, people milling about.Unfortunately, my high hopes soon fled after realizing there was no level of customer service. When we went to check in on late Friday night, the line was long and took forever. Now, I understand being an avid Vegas goer--lines will be long on Friday. But I'm amazed at how little concierges were available to welcome a heavy traffic flow. There were about three concierges total, by far the lowest I've seen at any hotel. It took far longer than necessary to get through.Rooms were surprisingly new...until you got to the bathroom. There is also no coffee pot (they charge you $12 through room service if you want one...$12!!!) and no microwave. If you want a cot, they charge you $33/night. -__- When we asked for our rooms to be cleaned, they never came. Our sink got clogged, and guest services promised one to be sent over promptly. So we went out, expecting our rooms to be cleaned and sink unclogged. Neither was the case. Someone came 5 hours later to unclog our sink...wow.Then we went back to the front desk to ask for a set of extra keys. We were the only people in line but it took a good 10 minutes for someone to acknowledge us. When we neared the desk, a nearby concierge told us to back away because the lady he was helping was taking out her credit card (understandable). Then I heard him chuckle to her, "they were standing just a little too close! Can't be standing that close!" Yes, because the first thing on our minds is identity theft.If it weren't for the cheap rates that particular weekend, I would have been far more unhappier. Although my main purpose in Vegas is not chillin' in my room, I expected better from an establishment that supposedly boasts hospitality.Stayed here 3/6/12-3/8/12Got the room comped, 1st time staying here. NASCAR was in town this Sunday and it was a long line to check in.  I say roughly 40-50 people in line and about 5-7 people working the front desk.  Our room was at the Habitat Tower so it was a long ways to get to.  Rooms were decent but the beds were not "Queen" sized.  More like Full.  Dont think we stayed in an updated room.  The good things are that it was smack in the middle of the strip.  Walking distance to everything.  And at time of check out they have kiosks for express check out on the right.  I think it was a manager who helped me check out.  Very patient white man, being I never tried the kiosk check out.  I like more of the piece and quiet type of place so definetely not staying here next time.  I will for sure stay at my Time Share at the Cancun Resort South of the strip.  Very peaceful and super friendly staff.  If you are the party type I would recommend this place.Cheap rooms and gross. Really smoky and paper thin walls. Price is good, but didn't make for a good Vegas experience. Considering how cheap the other hotels are I'd stay at another place.This hotel needs major updating and improvements.  They said that they redid the rooms from the Safari rooms to the FAB Deluxe, but the only things changed were a chair,  tv and  bedding. Definitely did not match the picture on the internet.  Also the carpet in the halls were so bad that they were bunching up and causing people to trip. The good thing about this hotel is that it is centrally located on the strip and was clean enough for these reasons I would stay there again, unless I could find another hotel centrally located with a comparable price.  The Bellagio and Ceasar's is just to expensive.If you want a decent room close to the other major casinos on The Strip, the Flamingo is for you. Stayed 2 nights May 14-16 comped. The check-in line was really long for 10:30 am. We stood in line for a minute before I saw they TR line (they have a man standing next to the line telling people they could check out using the kiosk, but for some reason he never mentioned the TR line).  We were able to check-in in the empty Total Rewards line (thank goodness). Room was clean and the bed was comfortable. The garden area is really nice to sit in and have a drink. The food options are kind of slip. They do have a over priced food court (I guess its not that over priced for Vegas), buffet, and a few other restaurants. Also, the cellphone reception is HORRIBLE!!!!!!  I could not make any calls in my room. Not my favorite hotel out of all the Caesars hotels though. I doubt I would stay there again if I have other rooms comped. There was just something I didn't like about it. But, if you want a reasonably priced room its a good hotel.Tip:If you are a Total Rewards member you don't have to wait in the regular check-in line. There is a separate line for TR right next to the check-in. Also, there are kiosk set up for check-in/check-out.Stayed at the Flamingo Hotel over the Memorial Day weekend, Sunday and Monday was okay.  6:30 am of Tuesday we were awaken by sound of jackhammers!!! There is a construction site next to the hotel. And the best part is at 9:00 am, no water!!! There was a water issue in most of the towers at the hotel and they are looking at it getting fixed in 3 hours. The front desk advised us to take a shower at the fitness center but there they run out of hot water. Continued on with our check out at 11 am. We will never stay at the Flamingo Hotel ever again.Great rooms, great friendly dealers, HOWEVER, when I come to Vegas and spend thousands I expect at least a free show or a meal. For some reason HARRAHS PROPERTIES are extremely stingy and greedy with comps. I went to the show I begged for tickets to and it was about 30% full!!!! They would rather have a half empty showroom than to make a customer happy with a couple of show tickets that cost them absolutely nothing!!! I'll take a downtown or local casino from now on!!!! They know how to treat a customer.I created a yelp account specifically to rate this place.Stayed here for a work trip for four nights.  When I got to the check in, I was told my GO room wasn't ready and put in the Habitat Tower.  Even though I had requested a non smoking room with one king bed, I was put in a room that smelled like smoke with two smaller bed.  The room had a view of the construction site next door along with the sounds of a jackhammer from midnight to 7 or 8 am.  After work on Tuesday, I went to the check in to be relocated into the room I was originally booked for (as instructed the day before).  However, I was told there were still no available GO rooms, and I would have to stay the remainder of my trip in the room I was in.I was given a $30 food and beverage credit for my troubles...which unfortunately I could only use in the steakhouse and two "bars".  As my stay continued, I encountered handfuls of other little things gone wrong (broken elevators, broken ice machines and vending machines, rude staff, two lightbulbs missing from the lamps in my room, etc) that added up to my worst Las Vegas experience to date.I was really disappointed with my visit at the Flamingo. This was the second time I came since my sister was married at the hotel a few years ago, and since that was a good experience, we decided to come back. Now I can say, I will NEVER go back.We upgraded our rooms to a "suite"...and when we got to the room, it was no better than an old standard room with wood headboards...old paint...dirty mirrors. NOTHING SPECIAL TO IT AT ALL! The only reason they called it a suite was because it had wood floors that extended farther from the beds to the window and it was nothing but empty space. We complained... and we got switched to a GO room which they originally told us they didn't have.We misplaced a cell phone from the previous room we were upgraded to and we were told security would get us from our new room to retrieve it from the old one...security never came. We had to go to lost and found and the guy working was a complete asshole and made us feel like were were an inconvenience as he had to get up from his chair.During the cleaning of our room, the maids took some of our belongings. We called and complained and since one of our items was white, they told us were were Sh*t out of luck and we won't get it back while they laughed at us. Also, the pool was closed early (we tried to go at around 6 and 7)...ITS 100 degrees outside during summer and the pool is closed? WTF?The manager was no help whatsoever and didn't care that he lost our business. I will not be back. I would rather spend the extra money to go to a better hotel that provides better customer service. PS...YELP THE RESTAURANTS AT THE FLAMINGO BEFORE YOU GO! (Paris hotel has the best breakfast!)We were supposed to arrive Friday, but wanted to see if we could come a day early to enjoy a full day by pool. My wife called the hotel and asked them if we came a day early would we still be able to get the adjoining rooms for our kids. The lady said she had to check, so put my wife on hold for almost 20 minutes to confirm with the front desk that they could accommodate us. She finally came back and said yes.  So we left California and headed out.  When we arrived, at check-in, the lady said that they don't have any adjoining rooms at all.  We told them about our call and even the person we spoke to, but to no avail. We asked to see the Manager, George.  When he came over we explained the whole story and he was unsympathetic and inflexible. We have 3 daughter that would have to stay in their own room separate from us all under 15 yrs. old.  He didn't offer us anything as compensation for their error until we argued and said isn't there anything you can do?  He reluctantly gave us $20 off ea. room. They ended up giving us a room for us and a room for our kids (a mini suite) on the same floor. When we went up to the rooms, our room was decent, but the girls room was over 50 suites away down at the far end of the corridor. When we got there, the mini suite had stained carpet, and looked dingy and my kids were scared to be so far away from us, which I don't blame them. We proceeded to take them to our room and had to fit all 5 of us into our room for the night, with a roll-a-way.  We called down to the front desk to tell them that the room for the kids was unacceptable and the same manager said that we already paid so nothing he could do.  My wife started explaining how unfair and unreasonable they were being and he finally came around and said that they would credit us for the room we never used and told them we wouldn't use only fifteen minutes after they gave it to us. They next day we switched rooms to 2 adjoining rooms and the accommodations were fair. We enjoyed our trip despite the problems. There were several employees that were very nice and helpful, but that first night was a nightmare.It has decent beds and is fairly clean. Employees were friendly and helpful.

Though waiting tables and getting a little behind, she was friendly and energetic. Again, we think she was the only waitress at the time and we are giving her benefit of the doubt for not being as prompt but her attitude is what got the star.2.) the manager coming out to let us know our food was coming and also he offered us dessert on the house which we kindly declined.This place has potential but if you're looking for a Mexican place there's a better more authentic restaurant a few miles away.I'll give it a month when the mindless catch on, but I gotta say I'm not impressed.

On the plus side, Harkins popcorn has been consistently decent (and for $37 for a medium bag of the stuff, it should be lovingly coated in truffle butter...but it's not).

Back to the restaurant.

Secondly! Our food was already halfway cold when we opened it cus it took so long cus he didnt even let us know in any gesture it was oursFinally had the chance to experience Jollibee. The chicken was okay, although we had to wait 10 minutes for it. I ordered a 2 piece meal which comes with a drink, but I don't like to order soda so I asked for water instead. I don't mind paying the combo price even though I drink water. They gave me a styrofoam cup for my water instead of a regular drink sized cup.  :/

I realized when filling it up the the rear passenger lug nuts were lose. 1. Was 3/4 loosened 2. I could turn with my fingers. The rest I could tighten one whole turn.  All they could say when checking it in was sorry.

The food took forever. With only a few customers present.

If you like paying high end restaurant prices for  very mediocre food, you'll love this place.If you want a great meal, great service and atmosphere and you are ready to spend the money, go down to Mastros Ocean Club or even Capital Grille. The only reason to ever go into Cartwrights is that bartender Jan. She is great and makes great drinks.PS: To Cartwrights,Why is everyone trying so hard to be creative and innovative? Keep if simple. Serve great cuts of meat, simple sides made with the best ingredients and for gods sake, make sure the servers are good. The rest will take care of itself. Leave the creativity and originality to the James Beard award winners.Cartwright's is the quintessential Cave Creek restaurant: rustic-meets-upscale. The decor is dark, intimate and quiet, exactly how I think a restaurant should be (I hatehatehate loud restaurants!). The wine list is extensive, and the service the hubs and I received was absolutely impeccable. Why only two stars, then? Because in a dining establishment the food should take precedence over all else, and frankly it was merely meh.Hubs and I both had steaks and they were truly bland. They weren't particularly tender or flavorful. The side of Bernaise was nice, but available at other less pricey places. Frankly we make better steaks from Safeway at home on the grill for about 1/4 of the price. We left full, yet still dissatisfied - and with out wallets that much lighter we should have been kissing the chef's feet.We don't mind spending over $100 on great meals, and do so regularly. But we actually expect a great meal for that money, not a mediocre one. We'll try someplace else next time.Went there for New Year's eve dinner.  We were very disappointed with the food.  Will not go back again.I wasn't too impressed with this restaurant. I had been planning this trip since I first arrived in Phoenix. When I got there I was really impressed with the decor. My boyfriend ordered an herb crusted chicken breast however we were NOT impressed with the meal at all. It was so dry that he could not even cut it with his knife! My meal in the other hand was not as bad however the meat was very fatty(I had ordered the 'Trio of meats Elk, Beef & Buffalo') and undercooked. So maybe we went on a bad night but I was truly heart broken because I had expected much more than what I got.We had never eaten here before.  Parking is in a very dark gravel lot.  We came without reservations and were seated quickly.  Food in general was satisfactory.  We had house special rib steak on a bone for $46.00.  Baked potatoes were hours old and barely warm.  Side sauces: wine sauce great and bearnaise was cold and separated.  Salad was a small plate of a few micro greens and dressing ($8.00).  Bread on table was warm and wonderful.  Desert was chocolate and to die for.   Decor was average and nothing special.  Service was ok: first too much and then missing in action.  Very pricey for an ok dinner.  I would not return.  Really way too much to pay for just an average meal.Interestingly, we had great anticipation for a great dinner.  Sadly, we had a server who was so aggressive that it really undermined the experience.  She was more suited to be the person you encounter at a car wash asking if you want your windshield fixed, your car waxed, your interior lathered... it was really annoying.  I love Cartwright's so we will give them another try and we had a wonderful experience at Tonto B&G earlier in the day.  Let's just remember the goal of creating a great customer experience.A Thanksgiving "dont".  A total turkey.   We were looking forward to a nice meal with our adult children and grandchild.  We were offered a selection of salmon, turkey, and beef, which came with appetizers, sides, and desserts, all inclusive.  Our granddaughter wanted green beans.  She is 3, and frankly, the fancy stuff just does not impress her.  So here came a plate of green beans, which were taken away as soon as dinner arrived.  The staff is VERY quick on the withdraw.  We requested they bring the green beans back, and she got a plate of fresh - and very hot green beans.  We ate our meals, very nicely plated and well seasoned, but frankly, it was not even close to impressive, very tiny portions too.  I'm sure they were churning these meals out quickly in the kitchen, as it was very crowded in the dining room.  Our bill was over $300.00,( there was one glass of wine in that mix), because they mistakenly charged us for the 3 year old.  Even though the waitress asked us how old she was.  Nothing was very hot, nothing was very good, and I think that the price was totally out of line.Went last night as this is one of our favorite restaurants when we are in town and was so very disappointed. The decor has changed and is more casual and open compared to intimate. That being said we were talking up the food to our friends as it was their first visit..... Well I really hope it was just a bad day for the chef as three of us ordered the Halibut (which we have had before) and all three dishes came out dry. So they did the dishes over again and believe it or not two out of the three came out dry again !! The fourth person had the bone in rib-eye and as usual it was cooked to perfection. I really hope this was just a one off experience as this is our go to favorite in the area and we will give it one more try (without the guests !!) Deserts were awesome and the wine selection as mentioned in another post is a solid list with some good price points.My wife and I and a few of our closest friends ate at Cartwright's a few months ago and the meal was outstanding.  My wife enjoyed it so much that she requested to go back on her birthday with our best friends only to find out that the menu and decor has changed, unfortunately not for the best.  The only consistency are the relatively high prices ($39 for a little Elk, Buffalo and Beef).  The food was underwhelming if not forgettable.  The Caesar salad had so many random Southwestern infused ingredients that I am not sure it is a Caesar salad.  For the price point there are several other better options.  Needless to say we were disappointed and will not be going back.I finally went back since my initial, great experience and glowing review. Well, I guess you have to go with a company to get that "wow" factor because we just went back tonight (party of two) and either we hit them on a particularly off night....or things have changed. First off, I picked this place to come to tonight over several other really great places just because of my great experience back in May. I couldn't wait to walk in the door for dinner and smell that mix of steak and wood that was Cartwright's of memory. Unfortunately, we walked in and my first words were "What is that smell? Chlorine?" No, the whole place smelled of propane, which, we were told and was confirmed by all the help gawking in puzzlement at it, was from a malfunctioning flue above the propane powered fire pit. They had been running the pit with no ventilation....wow. The place reeked of gas. But did they shut it down for a bit, get the folks out, air it out and THEN re-open safely? Nope. They just brushed it off like it was no more than as if someone had burped and were seating folks. Hmmm. Because of this rather alarming and disgusting malfunction, I requested we sit WAY in the back room, which was not what we really wanted to do. It was pretty isolated. When I asked our waitress if the problem was fixed, she said "oh, yeah. They opened some windows and turned on the fan." The windows made sense, but the fan? Oh, to make sure the propane was circulating to everyone? Yeah....Added to the propane gas "error" was the weirdly pungent smell of what I can only hope are "new" menus, just printed. Yikes. And just because other patrons don't speak up about this stuff doesn't mean they don't care or don't notice, guys. They stink, badly. We think it was the binding material. Not what you want at a normally fine eatery. As for the food, I was hoping it would make up for the propanery and menu mistakes, but no, not this time. I ordered the 8oz filet. It came with some kind of bacon potato hash concoction which had the scent of some strong herb. We couldn't place it but my boyfriend was happy he didn't get it. haha He had mashed potatoes with jack cheese which were lovely, so I had the waitress sub out those for my hash. The steak came with a fondue sauce, which we both found interesting but oily and heavy. The steak itself, at least mine, was ordered medium-well and was pretty mealy and rather burned on the outside. The steak I had in May was one of the best I've ever had. This was just sad.The wine was the star of the evening. I had the Kungfu Girl Riesling. Amazing. Maybe if I'd had more than one glass of that, everything would have smelled and tasted better? All in all, not sure if we'll be back. Guys, don't wait until you have a room full of customers to test your propane fire pit flue. And ditch the stinky menus. As for the food, I don't know what happened tonight but it was sad.I'm more disappointed than angry. Thought we found our new restaurant.I was so excited to take my boyfriend to Cartwrights after I had a wonderful dinner with my mother several months ago. After sitting down I noticed right away they completely changed their menu. No longer can you pick your steak sauce and sides, and you are bound by set selections. Not only did they change their main menu, but the chocolate cake I was so excited to get as dessert has now been changed to a gluten free VEGAN cake! Vegan cake?! Who the heck comes to a steakhouse to order a vegan dessert? Come on Cartwrights why did you change something that was so wonderful? Needless to say I was disappointed in the menu change, and we headed to Mastro's for dessert to have a real chocolate cake.I am not sure why they felt a menu change was needed.   I was shocked to see no wait for a table on Friday night at 6pm.  Last year on this same weekend I would not have gotten in with out a reservation.  The food was still good but the soul of this place had been ripped out.  The waiter touted that they were a steakhouse but the menu was mostly seafood.  There was only three steak choices left on the menu.  Everything on the menu looked liked the tried hard to be exotic.   But the execution was wrong and does not fit a steak house.  Bring back the old menu and stop being cheap.  I paid for upscale but instead got some chilis's chain store creation and taste.   If they don't get it figured out soon, I don't see how they will stay in business.My husband and I made reservations for the AZ History Night dinner - great concept to have a nice meal and be entertained with great historical authentic cowboy stories & music.  The menu looked amazing on paper but was lackluster in person. Quail appetizer was just ok, very tiny but the main course was a disaster! Braised stew of beef shank and short ribs, cabbage, squash, white beans, corn..........which turned out to be a watered down soup - no substantial meat at all - it was as if it was put through a blender.  The desert and coffee were good -the evening's saving grace was my husband's favorite wine - Chateauneuf Du Pape which we ordered separately from the $55 per person package dinner.  Things I'd change: Entre should be an entre, Entertainment should start when the entree was served, Entertainment shouldn't include dealing with technical difficulties (picture stream on a screen -vs- bright blue blank screen) Coffee or after dinner drink service should be more than dropping off your coffee with your check and never returning for potential refill. I consider the $55 price tag for last night's meal highway robbery -  if I want soup, I'll go to a sandwich shop!Visited this restaurant last Sat. with good friends we frequently dine-with.  We've always liked this place, the ambience and casual atmosphere.  Much surprised to see a new menu (been away too long apparently).  The meal: Wait person made a big deal about tips and drinks are not included in Restaurant Week promo.  We weren't there for that reason, never mentioned it.  My wife asked for horseradish to accompany her fillet, was told " I'll check with the Chef, I think we took it off the menu."  Say what?   Our nothing-special meals were served, and within minutes of having desert our checks were presented.  Problem: We never asked for them, and the server took the liberty to assigned orders to separate checks without being asked to do so.  We normally split the check.  Overall the price paid for food and drinks was high.  Might go back, but not for a while.  Sorry.Ya, no.First off, I used to LOVE the old Cartwrights.  It was a spot we always took visitors, a place to be recommended to locals, and a super "really nice night out".  Not. Any. More.We took the BF's parents here this week.  Reserved a lovely table by the fireplace, and that didn't disappoint (two stars for ambiance and not fucking up the ressie).Food - totally meh.  The new chef ruined what was once a superb menu (sorry, bro, but this food isn't your sweet spot).  How many vegetarian/gluten-free and vegan dishes does a cowboy steak house need??? How much incorporation of vegetarian/gluten--free and vegan elements do meat protein dished require?  Anyway, I had ordered the duck appetizer.  Wish I stopped at reading the menu description, because that's as good as that dish got.  BF had the elk balls.  I've had better balls at a college keg party (that wasn't even serving food.)  Salads at the table...fine - no complaints.  Entrees...had the pork shoulder, tasty enough...ribeye...reminded me of the quality of sale meat from Frys, and stroganoff...wow - super disappointment, as that was once a mega signature dish of Cartwrights, and something you looked forward to.  It has been morphed into something you'd find from a macro-biotic chef forced to cook with meat.  Shame, shame.  Desserts...not even close to the magnificence of the previous Cartwrights.  BF and I split the banana cream pie, and we are both confirmed sugar addicts, guilty of licking a few plates around town.  We both left it over.  Not a good sign from us.  :(  Overall, chef is trying too hard to fuse foods to make a kitchy-sounding menu, but is forgetting 101 of flavor blending.Service - this is where Cartwrights really bit the big one.  Midway through apps, entrees are dropped.  Seriously???  Everyone stared at each other in disbelief, as you'd expect better service from Olive Garden.  Forget about the kitchen being completely clueless on the timing of firing entre and sending out the meals, let's talk about the utter numbness of the runner.  How checked out do you need to be to drop plates when people are still eating their first course???  Appetizers were pushed aside to make room for the entrees as shock passed over the table.  Total service fail.  I excused myself to find our server to discuss a birthday plate for Moms AND to complain (yes, I am that girl), and was told I should tell the manager.  Talk about a pass over.  That said to me, "I not only don't really care, but I hear this a lot.  Please tell someone who might take action, as I'm tired of banging the drum.".  The manager was appropriately solicitous, but boy, dinner was pretty well killed at this point. Thank God I have a glowing personality and can keep the conversation going, as the enjoyment of the meal wasn't going to be a topic.  Oh, and the apps?  Left uneaten, as you'd expect.The manager comped our apps (who cares - it wasn't about money, it was about the experience), but that sadly didn't take the sting out of the marginal food.We won't be back.  Cartwrights of yesteryear, RIP.  You are fondly missed.Underwhelming experience. Service was good but the food was poor. Steak was undercooked- that happens - and they fixed it right away. Found a foreign item in the import beer I had. They replaced right away. My wife's Beet salad (main course) was really terrible. You'd need a magnifying glass to find the beets and the grilled chicken was blah. Waiter was great as was the manager. Lots of choices in Cave Creek, maybe keep looking?Wow...we use to frequent this upscale steakhouse often....don't know what possessed the owner to change from a great steakhouse to a mid-price Ranchhouse comfort food establishment...not a good decision!!! The service is always good(especially Jules), but the food is all baked....even my steak!!!  All the entrees are covered in an overpowering sauce or gravy...I couldn't identify my side dishes due to excessive sauce. And whoever heard of a Caesar salad w/peppers & no Parmesan or anchovies??!!This was our last trip here....thank goodness the sister restaurant, TONTO'S, hasn't changed...for now!!!I was expecting a great meal from Cartwright's because I love the food from Tonto, which is the sister restaurant. Unfortunately it was overall disappointing which is too bad, because the atmosphere is cozy and nice and the service was good. The (relatively) new vegetarian-friendly menu is what drew me in but it wasn't anything too exciting - salads from the main menu, a few unexciting appetizers, and two entree choices (an assortment of vegetable sides or vegetarian chili). I ordered the $15 vegetarian chili and was so disappointed in what was served - beans and vegetables in a thin broth and the whole thing had a sour taste to it. I want my chili to be thick and comforting, and this dish had none of those qualities. My husband ordered the pork shoulder/chorizo and liked the meat portion of his dish but didn't care for any of the sides. I'll be sticking with Tonto when looking for a good upscale meal in Cave Creek.Super disappointed in our meal last night. My wife and I haven't been to Cartwright's in a while...now I know why. First of all, the atmosphere was poor...very bright lighting- had to ask our server (who was very friendly) to turn down the hospital lighting. Then the food - ugh. The tortilla soup was incredibly bland. Thank goodness there was salt/pepper on the table. My 8 oz filet which I ordered med rare was extremely over-cooked. I would have returned it, but I was crazy hungry after waiting 45 min for the food to come out. The server never came to check on us so, I would have eaten my shoe at that point - which is what this cut of beef tasted like. The best thing about our meal was my Woodford Reserve Manhattan. Skip this place unless you lose a bet...so many better steak joints in town.We have enjoyed many dinners at Cartwright's over the years, including price fixe Christmas Eve dinners. They were always good and did not disappoint. Tonight's price fixe Valentine's dinner was a letdown.Service was slow and lacked the usual attentiveness with 30 minutes between salad and entree and another delay between entree and dessert. Clearly, our server had too many tables to cover at once.The salad and the bisque were both good but the seafood platter missed the mark. Flavors were all OK but the mussels appeared to have been sitting out in a dry environment and the shrimp were a bit overcooked. Even the bread disappointed as it was underdone and doughy in the middle.The buffalo was ordered medium rare and was served blue. Everything was lukewarm and the dull appearance of the puree indicated it had been sitting out for far too long before serving. The duck breast was overcooked and the skin was not crisp. Even the potatoes served with the duck were underdone. That plate too was lukewarm.When our server asked how our food was and we told her, she became very scarce. I would have expected her to let the manager know so it could be properly addressed.Desert was a disappointment too. The fruit and cheese tray consisted of a large amount of wilted greens with a variety of berries haphazardly scattered on them, all with a dry surface, and a two slices of cheese, one of which had developed a dry crust from sitting out too long. The torte was one note and the only flavor was sweetness. There was very little textural or taste difference between the pound cake, gelee, and custard with the pistachios crushed and sprinkled on the plate rather than being incorporated on the torte.Will I go back? Probably, but never again for a price fixe dinner.Took some out of town guests to Cartwright's for dinner. Hubby and I had celebrated New Year's Eve there and the food was dynamite. Service was a bit impersonal but I wrote it off as probably due to the holiday crowd. So when we returned 6 weeks later with our guests we expected to have a good meal and possibly more attentive service. We were sorely disappointed on both counts. The food actually tasted like hospital food with no seasoning, no flavor. The server took our drink orders and returned a few minutes later to take our meal orders. Little dialogue. A busboy brought our meals to the table and we didn't see our server again until it was time for the check. Too many other great restaurants in the area to settle for tasteless, mediocre food and robot like servers. Will not go back and will never recommend this restaurant.Old fish. Good service, yet unapologetic. The paella was flavorless with no hint of saffron nor fish broth.  Hubby tells me mixing meat and fish in paella is a no-no in Spain. Not a big deal to me, if the shrimp didn't have a moldy aftertaste. Luckily we are headed to cilantro for a sangria taste-off slash clean our palate adventure. Not likely to return anytime soon.On one hand, I love tapas like I love my children so I would like to have given this a 5-star rating.  On the other hand, the recommended items were average and a couple of the items were just not very good.The reviews on Yelp had prepared me for the lackluster setting in a stripmall but the restaurant is nicely appointed with Spanish ambience (music, art, wine).  The service was attentive.Sadly, their food just wasn't very good or tasty.This was our second trip to Tapas Rias. The first was worth coming back for. The second, not so much.I am not sure what I was expecting for staying here, but I can tell you that I probably won't be doing that again.  The service seemed impersonal and the place just didn't seem to flow very well. They do have this really nice area where you can check out certain kitchen appliances if you are staying for a while.  A few things that seemed weird.....1.) Only entrance we could see was through the front, which is nice for security, but they have a grill area out back that now becomes a pain to deal with because you have to walk all they way to the front to get back in.2.) The garbage stunk on our floor near the elevators and it took a few comments to have one change it. The stench lingered though and it was horrible. 3.) Everything seemed so bare. I couldn't tell if they just opened or are going out of business.4.) I thought this was a place that had all suites. I didn't realize (which is my own fault) that most of the rooms are studios.Not all was bad though....  the hotel is in a residential area which is nice for leisurely walks.  There are plenty of restaurants in walking distance and more a short drive away.  The hotel room was clean and the beds were comfortable. the AC doesn't go below 65 (I know... I am like a polar bear).  the TV was easy to use and the kitchenette was convenient to use.Lets get the positives out of the way first. Okay now that we have covered that, lets move on to what is wrong with this place. Oh Yelpers you did me wrong on this one. Of course they might have been having an off day but I will never know. I want to be very clear that in no way did the black hair in my tzatziki sauce effect my rating of this restaurant, as a matter of fact it was the attitude of the employees about the hair that didn't do them any favors. I realize that humans (most) have hair and from time to time one wanders into food, and that is a part of life. Not worth getting hot and bothered about in my mind. But when I show it to you and you show it to the cook, then proceed to dish up another dish of it (all the while talking in your native tongue so I have no idea what you are saying) and simply hand it to me with a "there you go." ??? Really? No "sorry about that" even? No good kids. Okay there were some good things, the prepubescent version of the tzatziki sauce was one of the best I have ever had, and the rice was cooked to perfection. However comma what I was served was not what I had envisioned from past experience, what I was served was chicken soy sauce stir-fry with onions, A Greek salad that was reasonably fresh but soaked in vinegar dressing. And the final nail in the coffin were the mini wedges of dried out stale pita bread. What I am I supposed to do with this? How about a freshly warmed whole pita or flat bread so I can put the ingredients inside like a wrap? It was like trying to pile meat, rice, sauce and lettuce onto a really thick corn  chip. I recommend taking a pass on this place, or if you feel if you do, don't get the "shawarma" plate. BTW, this is how Shawarma meat should be cooked. http://www.sanobar.com.sg/images/shawarma-org.jpg Notice no goopy reduced soy sauce mess? Blechk!This place used to be good. There was a change of ownership and if I had to review in one word, it would be:GREASEall the food was too greasy. The string beans side was swimming in oil. The beef in the shwarma was tough and chewy. The gyro was much better but it was still too greasy. The baba ganoush was so bad we threw it out, having hardly eaten any of it. Disappointing, won't go back.2ND VISITI lied. We went back. A sequel so lame you could call it Grease 2. GREASE. SWIMMING IN GREASE. Gross.Also the baba ganoush is stringy. I've never had it stringy anywhere else. Maybe somewhere in the world they make it that way, who knows. Don't like it that way. We had baba ganoush last night at Pita Jungle and it is sooooo good and it's not stringy.After reading all of the amazing reviews, I was excited to go have a Gyro. Well, to my surprise lamb is not an option. What?Mozzarella sticks appetizer... Really?To me this restaurant is another sad example of the lack of competition, and the overall acceptance of mediocrity in Phoenix.Service slow...seemed like in a constant state of waiting for the waitress to show up. Most annoying, waitress didn't check on me after she dropped off food and waited over 15 mins after finishing meal for her to bring check, and it seemed she just noticed me while walking by. Greek salad tasted good, which is only reason I gave 2 stars and not 1. Falafel sandwich's sauce was sour and had a funk to it. (I've definitely had better in Phoenix)Food was ok.  Small servings.  Half of my order was not completed.   Customer service SUCKS.I have to say the place is very appealing till you look at the price tags.  Yikes. I'm all about local boutiques but I think this is a little over the top. I'm always looking for our nearby places to brag about to our out of town guests and somewhere to frequent on a "girlfriend's afternoon".

The pizza was good, but the service was lacking.We have been to Maya's many times since it first opened.  In the restaurant and delivery.  I originally gave them 4 stars as the food was consistently good.  The last 4 times have really been poor.  The flavor and quality of the food had really diminished.  The food now tastes like it was frozen and heated up in a microwave.  It's sad because we ate there often.I hate giving this place two stars when the food was so good. Lasagna was great. Wings were amazing and big. But never came to refill drinks even once . Took 30 minutes just to take order. Not like it was packed. Just need to break down and hire some service staff. Whoever is in the kitchen did a great job.Food is a 3, service is a 1. I don't have a service horror story but I've been in three times and it's frustrating to have to constantly flag someone down to get a menu, get a refill, ask why the food is taking a half hour to come out, ask for the check, etc. etc. Food is better than most bar food but I wouldn't make a trip here just to eat or to pick up take out. Employees seem disinterested and not particularly friendly or helpful. On one visit, I sat at the bar and the young woman took a 15 minute hiatus to go socialize on the patio with a customer she apparently knew, meanwhile we just had to wait for her to get back. This location has been many things over the years and we were hoping something good would finally end the curse but it doesn't look like Maya is it. Again, the food isn't horrible but it's not to the level that it makes up for the complete lack of understanding of how to provide customer service.I'm sure the quality of service is great, but that was not my experience today. I called earlier this week to make a Saturday 1 p.m. appointment. Aaron and I set the time and ironed out some details. No one showed up. I called twice about 1:30 to resolve this issue. No answer and I couldn't leave a message. iPhone is still broken ...Well, it was not amazing. There are better places in Charlotte to get sushi. And we were over charged for our drinks! Aside that, the service was great and the place is nice. Would I go back? Likely no.We recently moved to this side of town, and were hopeful that Umai would be our new "go to" spot for sushi. Having been spoiled like crazy by the wonderful sushi and value at New Zealand on Monroe, and still saddened by the closing of Mai Sushi at Colony/Rea, we ventured down to Quail Corners in search of our new neighborhood spot. While the atmosphere is great, the food was not our cup of tea. We started with an order of edamame, which is difficult to mess up. But the beans were clearly not fresh - they tasted like they had been frozen too long because the texture was mealy and the pods were wimpy. Move on to the sushi order - a couple of sake (salmon nigiri) and a spicy tuna hand roll. Well, it was all.. okay. The fish was fine, but nothing special. It was all pretty much tasteless, in fact I think the sushi I've picked up from the fridge in Harris Teeter was tastier, and half the price. I mean, I would eat it if I were really desperate for sushi, but considering how close we are to SouthPark, Park Road Shopping Center, etc., and the fact that Umai's prices are pretty steep for what you get, I would definitely head in another direction the next time I crave sushi.Now let's talk noodles for a second - because my son is pretty much a ramen afficionado. He is only 12, but has been eating ramen noodles since he could eat solid foods (not the kind that come out of the wrapper). He has an amazing palate, and he certainly does know good ramen... and this was the worst he's ever tasted (according to him). The broth was just wrong (I tasted it, too), like maybe they added some miso then boiled it, which is a huge no no, or maybe the broth had been revived from the day before one too many times. I have no idea, but all I know is that we're not fans. The ramen noodles had pork as the protein, and the texture was tough and inedible. I've never seen my son leave a bowl of noodles uneaten, but despite our best efforts to salvage it with a touch of soy sauce and some sriaracha, we just had to let it go. Just for full disclosure - I did order a seafood stir fry dish carry out for my husband and he ate every last bite - but he's not really that picky and he was really hungry... The dish was $18, so it should have been way better than "good" in my opinion. It didn't look any better than the seafood dish we've ordered from Chi Thai (in Arboretum Harris Teeter) for years and years, and was much more expensive. Anyway - I've had better in Charlotte. If you like authentic tastes and textures of Japanese food, you are probably better to steer clear of Umai.2nd time eating at Umai and most likely the last.  It's not that it is terrible....  It's just not that good.  Reviewing their lunch "special", the amount of each component within the roll is just off, not to mention, the rolls are just sloppily thrown together.  Everybody likes cream cheese, but that shouldn't be the only thing you taste.  Or what's up with the huge chunk of cucumber?  Also, the ginger dressing for the house salads... Ugh!  It must come from a jar because if I weren't at a Sushi & Asian Bistro, I wouldn't necessarily know that it is ginger dressing.  Again, it's not terrible but just not that good.My 1st experience was for dinner a few weeks ago.  I was craving hibachi and gave Umai's a try.  I will say it was quite the generous portion, I got two meals out of it.  But it's not exactly steak.  I had ordered online and specified that I wanted my "steak" medium rare.  What I received was the same beef that you would find in a Chinese favorite like 'Beef and Broccoli' so to call it steak is definitely misleading.  For the $17 price tag, you would expect a better cut of meat.Nicole is so sweet  but My eyelashes all fell off. When I went back for new ones she charged me $49 and those fell off too . She told me that they weren't for everyone . She does them in a chiropractors office so the atmosphere was nice . She was easy to get into .I walked in and could feel the migraine coming on. It was heavenly scented in this store and for the life of me, I couldn't figure out with what. It was like they doused their store in fabric softner and perfume. The smell alone drove me crazy and I couldn't wait to get out of there.I only visited Family Dollar due to a flyer and some of their sales mentioned. The one item in particular I went hunting for was not on shelves. When I couldn't even find an empty space for it, I asked a cashier about it and I was informed that they do not carry that product. Needless to say I was annoyed.Their prices overall are nothing to rave about. You can find better deals elsewhere.I have shopped at this location off and on for a couple years. My last few visits, were very disappointing. Not in the products, they are the same. It's with the new manager. Middle aged Latino male, will follow you around store, making sure you are not shop lifting. I've watched him do it to young and old alike. It's insulting. One man left without making a purchase and he stopped him at the door and told him to not come back, because he didn't buy anything and that he thinks he is stealing! Extremely rude and unprofessional. They have lost a regular customer.I really wish I could give  these guys more stars, because the food is decent relevant to the price.

As we entered, the crowd was a mixture of middle-aged couples to groups of friends who looked 21. The bartenders did fancy tricks with bottles lke what I've seen in the movie "Cocktails", but much worse. They needed more practice, much more practice. The DJ/announcer kept yelling and trying to pump the crowd up, screaming "who wants free shots? You gotta scream!"It's a pathetic rendition of the movie "Cocktails" and the food wasn't alll that great. At least the bartenders were nice and entertaining.Oy. Where do I start? The fact that we were constantly given coupons already gave me the preconception that is was a tacky bar before I even saw the place. And what a place it was. Think a Rainforest Cafe without the children and an oxygen bar (I still don't get Vegas' fascination with those), then add many different random aspects and there you are. So anyways, I used a 2 for one drink deal, and got my mom a margarita while I had a bottled beer. The bartender was very nice and tried to make conversation after seeing I was from Missouri (do I look like I go to Mizzou?!). He also did some flaring which was entertaining to watch (I have rarely been in a bar where they flair so that one was easy). However, the quality of my mother's drink was meh. It looked like he just opened up a frozen mix and plunked it in without any alcohol. This also came with a separate shot of tequila, which makes me think like they didn't try with mixing anything. My beer was good, but that's because they didn't have to make it or handle it outside of cracking one open...So overall, I would say avoid or think of them when you think you want a good deal in Vegas.2.5 stars...Came here for breakfast because we had a coupon...$6.99 for 2 eggs, bacon, taters and toast. Doesnt include drinks and that's where they take the value of the coupon and shove it up your ass. $3.25 for the liquid tar in a cup and another $3 for the thimble of cranberry juice. The food came out quick and it was pretty good. That said our meal was interrupted by the pitiful water "show" that went on. Typical chain style and they seem to love the crazy bartenders that spin bottles in the air and then charge $18 for shitty drink, but that's not my bag.Scaled down version of rainforest cafe! Water show was lame. Food was less than average.

Hype alert!!!10 minutes to fight traffic on the strip.15 minutes to walk from parking garage thru the shopping area.5 minutes for getting lost and asking direction,

both hostels I stayed in. My roommate at the Hostel Cat was very friendly

- Good location.  15-20 minute walk to St. Catherine and the old port.

My last three experiences with the Chandler location over the past 4 months have gotten progressively worse each time.

-Speaking of chicken, mine was terrible. I got a chicken burrito, and it was just plain, boiled chicken inside a flour tortilla--nothing else. It was seriously just boiled in plain water. There were no spices, no nothing, just plopped a chicken breast in water. Tasteless. My husband's machaca was pretty good though. It tasted like plain roast beef, but it was MUCH better than the gross chicken. With all that said, I probably won't be going here again. It was way too expensive for food that was mediocre at best. I much prefer Humberto's down the road. It's cheaper and the food is much tastier.Sorry, not a fan. The best thing I ate this night was at Old Dixie's THE BEST FRIED CHICKEN. $17 for lobster roll and it just wasn't all that.I can't speak for the lobster entrees since they were sold out, but the lobster bisque is over salted, fishy and over priced. $9 for a cup (8 oz) of mediocre soup. The fried haddock was served on a doughy 10 cent bun slathered in mayo. Not worth $12.I've read the raving reviews about the Maine Lobster Lady food truck in the past but actually happened to find it this past weekend at the Scottsdale Art Festival! I was so excited to try "authentic Maine lobster rolls", as I have never been to Maine nor had a lobster roll before! We walked up and noticed the price of $18 for a lobster roll, $14 for lobster mac and cheese, fried haddock sandwich for $12 and blueberry lemonade for $3. Service was very friendly and was told to try the lobster roll cold, since that's how they eat it in New England. We also ordered the mac and cheese, I mean how often do you see mac and cheese lobster?! I also ordered the blueberry lemonade and waited a few minutes for the food.The lobster roll was TINY!! There was no sauce and looked nothing like the lobster rolls I've seen before. I got a few pieces of claw meat with a few pieces of lemon on top in a tiny size hot dog looking roll. My friend ordered the lobster mac and said it was COLD! I even took a bite and was shocked it would be cold. It was also cooked with a penne pasta, which is NOT mac and cheese! The only thing I enjoyed was the blueberry lemonade. For $43 (food and tip), this was a total disappointment!!!!What a let down after all the hype,the hour wait in line the hour drive to get there.( Queen Creek olive mill) 1-28-15. This tiny sandwich would still been a rip off at half the price. $18.00 for a sanwich,WOW.  Try red lobster and get a real meal.We were so looking forward to our lobster rolls! We were following the schedule on where the truck was going to be where you didn't have to pay to get in. We finally went to Supersition Farms in Gilbert, AZ last night. These rolls are rated very highly, but they shouldn't be. They were honestly just ok and way overpriced! $18 for a sandwich is a lot of money. Yes, the lobster was good, but the one with mayo had hardly any mayo in it and both sandwiches had absolutely nothing else in them, No onion or celery or anything! The bun was really good though. Great butter toasted bread. They also request up to a 25% tip! This truck is making a killing, there's no overhead. I wouldn't pay more than $12 bucks for that sandwich. Their lobster bisque was $9 bucks! You have to really love just plain lobster to eat here, but I wouldn't recommend paying $18 for this sandwich. I'm on the search for a much better lobster roll at a much better price. If anyone knows of a place in metro Phoenix, please let me know. Sorry Maine Lobster Lady, but we were really let down.Tried the lobster roll for the first time today and was very disappointed.  About a 6 inch sandwich for over $20.00!  Quite a bit of lobster meat but not much flavor.  You get a small package of chips and a container of slaw about the size of a half dollar.  Sorry, Lobster Lady but I expected a much better lobster roll.Been hearing great things about the Maine Lobster Lady, and was rather disappointed.  Really wanted the lobster mac n cheese, but was not on the menu today :(  Ordered one of each of the lobster rolls.  While you get a lot of lobster in the roll, they were bland and not memorable.  The coleslaw was nothing to rave about either.  For the amount of money spent on the roll, I would have expected more.Well... The food was exactly how you would expect franchise food to be.... However the restaurant was filthy.We stopped in at 8am. Our party of ten chose to eat in. The staff member handed me a greasy order number display for our table.... While waiting for our order I took my daughter to the bathroom. The entire inside of the toilet bowl had feces coating it. A human clearly had recently exploded inside the toilet. Had it been one isolated instance of nastiness I'd understand, however, filthy order display and a filthy restroom leaves me hoping that more care was put into the food cleanliness of the food prep staff, although I don't have much hope that it was.

Service started off fair, our server was Kaytlyn.

4 teenagers goofing off, not working and its not even busy. There are only three customers, my husbandand i and another man and these kids cant even clean up the seating area with all their down time.  All they are doing is laughing and playing on their phones.

Very slow service- we waited a long time for our check and then again for the receipt.In MGM this is one of the places where we went to eat, this place has nothing exceptional to offer. It has a feel of a diner with a service that really doesnt help it either.  Eat here only if you need to save time otherwise there are plenty of places in Vegas where you can get a better return on your money.Wanting to grab some breakfast food close by, my friends and I Yelped and found this place. We were excited that there were no lines - but we found out later that just meant this place was meh. The restaurant itself looks like a fancy diner, and I loved the big booths! Looking over the menu, there were a lot of items, but only a few that looked appetizing. All of the food were so pricey!I ordered the hash, and it was the best dish out of all of my friends'. It had potatoes, sour cream, cheese, and bacon. Although it was the best dish out of everyone's, it was just mediocre. If I wanted hash, I'd just go to Hash House A Go Go next time. For more than $20 per person, I'd go elsewhere for breakfast food.Went in not expecting too much, and if you do that, it's not bad, although still pricey.We stopped in because we were late to watch one of the world cup games and needed to grab a quick breakfast. I got the two eggs breakfast and my wife got just two eggs. The food was decent: eggs were done ok, sausage was fine, toast was good. The hash browns, however, arrived in a sort of "brick" and were greasy and rather tasteless.  I presume they came frozen in that shape and had just been tossed in the deep fryer. Coffee was ok and they left the carafe.  The one major negative I must mention is that I didn't realize how expensive the coffee was until we got the bill.  $3.95 per cup for coffee!  If I'm paying four dollars a cup for coffee, there had better be liquor in there.  I realized the rest of the meal was going to be pricey, but this was a bit much.Ok so this has always been a go to place for me every time I'm in Vegas! The food is great the service has always been great until today. Came to get food to go so they directed us to the bar to order it there we sit down to order our food we tell the bartender our so he turns around to input it in the computer and then asks us for order once again. Maybe you should write things down? It was a simple order . Placed our order at 10:25 to give you an idea we left at 11:00am with our food. But before leaving they forgot our coffees and our bagel . I didn't even give the guy my MLife card I was so frustrated with how long it took him just to charge us let alone bring the bill back! And take in mind there was 8 people sitting at the bar NOT BUSY!! I hate to do this because the day before was excellent service and all the other times as well but not today other people at the bar were also frustrated at the slow service by this manTwo stars because the service was nice. But that food was EXPENSIVE and it tasted blan and horrible! Make sure if you order eggs you order real eggs, otherwise they serve your powdered or syrup eggs. But the only reason we ate here is cause we were hungry. But the bill ended up being over $40 and we didn't even order drinks... Just water. If it's possibly for you then I suggest avoiding this place.The only good thing I remember about this place was the PBR was descent price compared to everywhere else in the hotel. $5 for 16oz $13 for 60oz pitcher.They only serve their full breakfast menu until 11am, despite the sign outside labeling them "Breakfast & Lunch." It's a little annoying if the only reason you arrived at 11:05 is because you spent 15 minutes standing in their line to get a table. My fiance noted that half a dozen tables stood empty but uncleared while we waited in line, surmising that the busboys were all on break and the waitresses were unwilling to clear tables. We were finally seated at the bar, where I argued with the bartender over the 11am rule. Seriously, is this McDonalds? You had pancakes FIVE minutes ago.

Really annoying.The beers were fine. Nothing to write home about.Nice facility, crappy tour. Tour itself lasted all of about 20 minutes or so and was led by a guy named Alex who said it was just his 2nd tour ever and it showed. It was impossible to hear him and with the vents going at certain times, that didn't help as well. Glad the gf had two free coupons for this(though I'm inclined to belive the tour was free anyways). Never would have paid for it and if it wasn't for the amazing diner we ate at afterwards, this 1 hr 30 min trip never would have been worth it. I won't be back.I'd prefer a local and much closer brewery tour where you have to pay $6 or $7 and you get a great tour followed up by some free sample beer.Really, Monday night and the patio with 2 TV's, they have CLE vs KC baseball, and the other TV is OFF!The Club used to be one of our favorites...but lately the food has been going downhill-quickly.  Sent all 5 of our meals back last Saturday night.The only thing keeping this from a higher rating is service which sets the tone for the whole meal.  It is never the same twice, our perception is that they are always training new servers and an atmosphere of chaos and/or not enough help surrounding the prep areas very noticeable when golfers stop in between the 9th and 10th holes during the day or when a large group finishes in the late afternoon. Follow up by servers during the meal seems rare or not timely.  During our most recent visit two tables near us asked several times where their food or drink was and servers seemed at a loss?   Food is good, portions are generous, prices inline with quality and dining area comfortable.  Indoor and outdoor seating available, fireplaces on the patio for winter, nice view of the 1st and 10th tees to watch golfers while you are dining and two TV's to watch sporting events.Visiting local vapor stores has become a recent habit of mine when I travel.  This past weekend I thought I'd visit Pink Spot Vapors while I was in Vegas.  Girl that assisted me acted as if I was bothering her by asking questions and my wanting to try various flavors.  Perhaps she didn't like helping me nice I wasn't a local.  The juice I got was okay but I certainly wouldn't mail order it but it wasn't bad.  The places attitude towards customers was unimpressive.  Like I say perhaps they don't like dealing with out of towners.Pink spot was great when it was the only game in town. Now there are a ton of alternatives that are doing it way better at better prices.All of the prices at pink spot approach robbery. The mod selection is meh at best. In a pinch it will work but there are way better shops in town. At elephant Vapors by UNLV you can get 120 ml of juice for the price pink spot charges you for 30ml and they have a wide selection of mods and other vaping supplies. So pink spot thanks for the start on my vaping journey but I wised up and realized you were ripping me off.Read all the good reviews so I figured I would try it out.  I have tried the gyro:  overcooked and not very good, the chicken shwarama:  just plain old stuff and not very good, and the jalapeno hummus which was average but the pita with it was like cardboard - thin and stale.  No way is this place even an average Greek/Mediterranean place.Mixed reviews. I love that I can order online. I typically use a credit card and it's just easier. I will choose a place with online ordering over a place I have to call. (typically). The very first time I ordered we (my girlfriend and I) thought the pizza was amazing. Tons of cheese (I didn't order extra cheese), greasy, good seasoning & all around flavor. The cheesy bread was amazing too! Sounds awesome right? Not so fast. Their website says 45 minutes for delivery. It took about an hour. Have ordered  from here about 7 times & only once, has it been on time. But hey, great food is worth the wait right?Sure, if it stayed great. The second time I ordered a pepperoni pizza with extra cheese. Yum?! And some cheesy bread. OMG hope it gets delivered fast! Haha. Nope like 15 minutes late. And guess what? It was horrible. My "extra cheese" had less cheese that the first pizza I ordered. There was like no seasoning, and it was ice cold. The cheese bread was under cooked, lacked flavor, and had a strange aftertaste. (Never figured out what the taste was). It looked great, but it was horrible. Think most of my $20+ order went in the fridge, then to the garbage can. Ordered zucchini on one of my orders. Not sure which one, but it was a greasy mess. No seasoning, no parm, overcooked, almost completely burnt, with no flavor. Disgusting. Back on a positive. I'm a ranch fanatic. I LOVE the HOMEMADE Ranch dressing but it is not worth 75 cents for a half filled tiny tiny ( I STRESS TINY!!!!)  cup of it. Once when I ordered the homemade ranch they sent non homemade buttermilk ranch. Was so mad being I payed for 75 cents each for 3 & they went straight in the garbage.3rd time I ordered, I just got a pizza. Late delivery, ice cold pizza. Overcooked, not much cheese, no seasoning, no flavor. Edible, but not good.4th time. Same as above. 5th time, same as above except the food came on time! I think even 5 minutes early, and was still hot. not much cheese, no flavor, no seasoning. Just eh.6th & last time. Late delivery, cold pizza. Mediocre, edible, nothing to brag about. No idea what happened but I'm very disappointed. That first time I ordered it was amazing. It still wasn't a (mineos) but it was great food. Every time since, has sucked. Seems they got rid of the garlic salt & w/e other seasonings they used. I probably will order from here again at a last resort. They deliver to my house, I can order online, and that's about the only reasons besides hoping it will once again be like it was the first time I ordered. It will be a good while before I order though. Preferably never but we will see.From what I see, they seemed to have had a Grand Reopening from failing before? Not sure if that's true but I don't see them surviving on the food they have been providing. Im hungry, picked up my menus to look through for something to order & decided to leave a review. Now I'm even hungrier from the wait and will find somewhere else to order from.The food is cosi cosi (so so), but I come here on occassion because its close to home and theyre open 24hrs.  I do wonder sometimes how long certain ingredients have been sitting :/I went to this place three times. I keep giving them a chance but I most likely will not come here again. The food is okay, I feel like their food had more flavor when it was still Roberto's. With all my three experiences I encountered really bad manners from the staff. One of the older ladies who took our order seemed like she didn't want to take our order. While she was waiting for us to order, she was scratching off a piece of food off the register counter with someones credit card.We stopped by to grab a quick bite. Service was friendly and I like that they offer a well-stocked condiment and salsa bar. The food was on the disappointing side. My fella and I both ordered breakfast burritos and the tortillas were not fresh and the size of the burrito was skimpier than I'm used to seeing at other similar type restaurants. I might stop here again when I'm in a pinch but I won't go out of my way to return.Muy mal... stood there waiting for so long before being able to place my order, that i think the cook wanted to come around to take it! Food wasnt that good either.Called in to order and the lady totally forgot. So I still had to wait for my food the entire time which defeated the purpose of me calling in. Food is average, it's like any Don Tortaco/Roberto's out there. I still come here though since it's a convenient location right next to the S Jones exit of the 215. It's also 24 hours so it's very useful.I'm seriously disappointed in the service. The food is fine. I mainly go there because they have a drive thru, but these last two times have made me so frustrated that I'm never eating here again. All I wanted was a bag of hot carrots to go with my tacos. I asked for them at the speaker box and at the window. The lady forgot them the first time. The second time, the guy told me that I had to pull around and come in to get them myself. Excuse me, but wtf? Why would I go to the drive thru, and go through all that if I still had to get out of the car? If I'm going to get out of my car, I'm taking my happy ass to Roberto's next door where the food is better anyway. Bottom line, it's about convenience. If the food were better, maybe the service could be overlooked.For a while now I was eagerly awaiting the opening of Butcher and the Rye as I have enjoy my trips to Meat and Potatoes for both food and drink. So on a Thursday night I headed over for a few drinks. Upon first entering, the place looks great - nice atmosphere, modern meets butcher shop in the woods - and then you come upon the wall of whiskey...holy smokes. So I walked over to the bar to grab a drink....and thats where it started to go south...Now I came to check out the whiskey and they do have a very impressive collection - in fact one of the best that I have come across. I enjoy the brown liquors in all forms and really enjoy those times when I run across something new, especially if it is something that I say "wow, I want to own a bottle of that", so when I run across a place I can dive head first into trying, I'm in heaven. I asked for whiskey menu and was handed an iPad - cool idea to convey info about the booze and a way they can keep it up to date with what they have - except that it seemed like not even half of bottles were on it. Ok - first week, I can excuse that a little but not totally - if you are a touting your collection, get your menu right before you open. My friends and I tried to ask about a few different items behind the bar and one of the responses we were given was "you'll have to ask (guy with the hat), he is the guy that knows the stuff the best" - really? 400 bottles and only one person is knowledgable enough to answer questions. Then came the sticker shock - their prices seem like they were set and they multiplied 2x. I have been to other places in this city (and others) that have a some of the same items and they were charging double for it. Now I realize that if you have a bottle of X and it is not something you will sell everyday so it will cost you a little more to keep it around, but when a 1 oz pour of that drink runs $15-25, it's putting a night of sampling in the $80-100 range for 4 oz of booze. I don't to sound cheap and I have my spent a fair share of money on good bottles over the years, but thats just it - I would rather take that $80-100 and go get myself a bottle - your atmosphere is not worth the mark up. So my overall though is that they have a collection and just that - the place does not come across as someplace that you go to try and find new whiskeys, just a place to get a drink while staring at their wall of booze. It reminds me of the guy who owns 40 classic cars, but doesn't care to drive them.I will say this, the staff was friendly and fairly attentive, so I don't want to sound like they were bad - they were good - same level I would expect in any place similar. Now after writing this I might sound like a pretentious ass about whiskey (because I fairly new to a lot of it) - and maybe I am - but when I try and go someplace that touts their whiskey collection, I expect be able to experience new things while having a good time and not going broke. For me, B&R isn't that place...."Butcher and the Rye."  The name catches one's attention.  Before they opened, I was checking their Twitter and Facebook pages to get updates on when they would open.  They were posting pictures on twitter such as their impressive collection of whiskey.  I was excited.  Really excited.  This place had to be good. I was ready to go opening week.  I was ready to be impressed.  I was ready for a place that would serve awesome food (creative or simple) and great drinks, like the many places I've visited in other major cities.  Unfortunately, Butcher and the Rye became the dictionary definition of disappointment for me.Food (7.5/10) = Tried the following dishes:1) House bread with 3 different spreads (apple butter, honey butter, can't remember the third) = Nothing special.  It was just bread.  I thought the honey butter was the best of the three spreads.  The quantity of spreads greatly exceeds the amount of bread provided (Four dinner rolls).  If you are going to charge $4-6 (can't remember the exact price), surely you would expect more bread.  It was just bread.  One kind.  Not the basket/board with an assortment of different breads other restaurants have on their menu when they slap a similar price tag.  2) Cauliflower with farro, romanesco, carrot, brown butter, harissa = ($10) = $10 for a small bowl of meh cauliflower?!  My group ended up ordering this dish per recommendation of our waitress.  I don't have a problem paying high prices for incredible food.  However, I was not impressed.  My group was not impressed.  The flavors were forgettable.  The price on the other hand was not; this dish is way-overpriced.3) Manicotti with apple bourbon butter, oxtail, pecorino, pickled apples = $10 = The flavors of this dish were good but not great.  You get 4 pieces, each the size of approx. 2.5 x 1.0 inches.  Like the cauliflower, the dish is not worth $10 to me.4) Baked Camembert with phyllo, apple, olive oil, rosemary, grilled bread = $15 = another just ok dish.  We ended up ordering this since an old couple next to us raved how good it was.  Sure the apples were good.  The cheese by itself was good.  But the flavors collectively were just ok.  Again, a dish not worth $15.5) Bone Marrow with oxtail jam, pickled orange rind, sea salt, parsley salad = $12 = The ONLY dish that was worth what we paid for.  The flavor of the fatty bone marrow from the long bone cut down it's long axis is incredible.  6) "Pig Candy" (pork belly with miso caramel sauce, apple kimchi, daikon, cilantro) = $8 = The flavor was great.  The meat could be more tender.  The size?  Just 3 small bites.  Another dish not worth the price Butcher and the Rye charges.  $8?  Maybe worth $5 at most.  Not even David Chang of Momofuku in NYC, is charging this much for his pork belly (which in my opinion is the best pork belly prepared with Asian flavors in North America).Service (7.5/10) = Service was somewhat slow during the first opening week, and the place was crowded.  So it's understandable.  Ambiance (10/10) = Like others have mentioned, the decor of this place is damn impressive.  From the glass jars over the ceiling lights, the wooden communal tables, the fork and spoon wallpaper on the ceiling, and the giant wall of whiskey.  It's obvious a lot of effort was placed in designing this new restaurant, with close attention to detail.  I can't remember the last time I gave a 10/10 for a restaurant's ambiance.   Overall opinion = While the decor is amazing, the food is lackluster and way overpriced.  As I mentioned, I don't have a problem dropping $$$$ for incredible food. I've done it at 3-star Michelin restaurants.  I've done it many times at high end places in cities such as San Francisco and NYC.  However, $10 for a small bowl of forgettable cauliflower?  $8 for a small slice of pork belly that's not even cooked to perfection?  Even if the prices were reasonable, I still wouldn't give this place more than 3 Yelp stars.  If for some reason I visit this restaurant again, the only thing I will order is the bone marrow and a beer. "Butcher and the Rye."  While the name catches one's attention, unfortunately the food did not catch mine in a positive way.Disappointed. I gave this joint two shots...two...Three things I love - going to restaurants, trying new things, and my birthday. So when planning my birthday dinner and discovering that this place was opening that weekend, I thought, perfect - three of my favorite things!  Now, mind you, this is probably two weeks out from my birthday dinner. So i find the number, give them a call, and I reach a recording where I was unable to leave a message. Fine. So I call Meat and Potatoes, their sister restaurant, and I speak with the hostess there who tells me that Butcher and the Rye isn't taking reservations for the first two weeks that they are open. Fine. So I contact my dinner guests, they are fine with winging it without a reservation. We figured we'd go on the early side as we anticipate a bit of a wait. We arrive at 7:30 on the first Saturday they are open, get to the host stand, and they asked us if we had a reservation. Excuse me? "I was told you weren't taking reservations for the first two weeks." Response: "Well, on Tuesday of this week we got so many requests for reservations we had to start taking them." Really? "We can have a table for you at 1045." Again, really? So we decided to have a drink there and call some other places to get a table for dinner. We sat at the bar upstairs, while three or four tables behind us were empty with reservation signs on them. There were only two small groups of people at the bar including us, and I had to flag one of the two bartenders down to get their attention to my empty drink that had been sitting on the bar for at least five minutes. We were there for about 45 minutes, and when we left there was still one open table that could have seated us. Now, having worked at restaurants for most of my late teens and early twenties I understand that you have to make room for reservations, but restaurants should also know how to turn tables quickly to accommodate walk ins (there were only three of us!). Long story short, I decided to chalk it up to management needing to fine tune some things after the first weekend. Needing a place for dinner for the Friday after Thanksgiving, I decided to give them another shot. I made a reservation for eight, tried to bump it up to nine, but they said the most people they could accommodate at one table was eight. Fine.When we got there, they asked us if we had reservation before we even entered the door. Yes. Then we got to the host stand - they asked us again if we had a reservation.  Yes, but it's down to seven - someone bailed last minute. The hostess did a bit of scurrying, asking probably a manger if we could still have the table they had for us with only seven. That person said yes. Then they said that two guests had arrived and were at the bar. We go see them, and our two guests were the ones that said our table was ready, the hostess didn't let us know even though we had walked right by the room with our table.  They had us in the front room with the big picnic table and the floor to ceiling window. The table and room could have comfortably accommodated ten people, but my request for nine was denied. And it was freezing. I couldn't take my coat off the entire dinner. Pretty dismal.The food was...meh. We ordered lots of apps to share and it was quite comical because one person did the ordering, and all the food was served to her, despite it being quite obvious that all these dishes had been ordered was for the table and not just for her. Drinks took awhile to come, but the servers and food runners were very nice...so they had that going for them...Needless to say, disappointed. Great atmosphere, cool because it's new, but probably wouldn't hit it up as dinner spot again any time soon.I wish I could join the chorus. I really like Meat and Potatoes their other restaurant. Everything was a near miss. It's a cool menu, they have a great bar, the decor is great. Service was ok. Perhaps trying to do too much?  They're opening 2 other restaurants from what I gather. It's a familiar tale. I tried 3 dishes. The first was a special. Squash soup garnished with duck confit and pickled cranberries as I recall. This was the best of the 3. A bit more duck please as there were just a few shards of overcooked bits. It came out just barely warm.  Maybe they spent too much time garnishing it?  Would have been nicer, hotter.  Next, "Brussels". A bowl of Brussel sprouts in brown butter with a lemon aioli and dill topped with grated cheese. Still a bit nauseous thinking about it. Where was the dill?  The aioli was smeared inside the bowl a bit.  There was barely enough to talk about. They didn't skimp on the butter though. Ugh. It was swimming.  Somewhere around this time my eyes started burning and I thought I would be treated for smoke inhalation from the burning bread in the kitchen.  I imagine the near loaf they serve as under their Cesar salad being torched helplessly under the salamander until no trace of the craftsmanship of the baker remained. Sure enough, my dining companions Cesar bread was burnt. Lastly, I had the pig wings. Long beans, mango (too little) other veggies, cilantro, glazed and somewhat candied pork. Interesting dish but lacked balance. It was way too sweet just as my wife's peppers were way too salty. Everything missed.I love the look of this place, with its sort of Boardwalk Empire meets Downton Abbey meets modern day PIttsburgh vibe. And the menu reads very well, with interesting and innovative choices. It's in the execution of the food where things fall apart. I tried three small plates...the shishito peppers, caesar salad and the pork terrine. The peppers came in a nicely charred pile, but didn't have enough of the sriracha sauce that was minimally painted on the plate. Not bad, just a little ho hum. The caesar had good flavors, but was egregiously over dressed, and was a smallish salad for the price, with more bread than salad. The pork terrine was good...the best thing I had. I've eaten at Meat & Potatoes a couple of times and thought it very good, so they may be spreading themselves too thin by opening this place, with two others soon to follow. They also kept burning the toast for the salad, which everyone seemed to be ordering, and the place was full of smoke halfway through our meal, which never dissipated, so they need a better exhaust system. They spent a lot of time and creativity here on the drink end of things...now they need to get their act together in the kitchen.Normally I probably wouldn't give a 2 star review because the food was not something to complain about, but it wasn't rave-worthy, either. To have had to make a reservation 3 weeks out and the price we had to pay I expected something much better. It was cramped and really just adequate.We started with salads: the frise and the beet. They were good but not really noteworthy. Although, the balls of fried goat cheese in the beet salad were interesting. My husband had the monk fish and, for the first time EVER, he chose the better dish. The risotto was the best part, sadly. I had the dirty pasta and it just really was forgettable. For dessert we had the fried brownie and the sundae. My husband had the fried brownie and he said it was okay but it was cold. And my sundae was good but, once again, just unimpressive. I expected it to be more impressive, but we were both left disappointed. I'd rather just go to a taco cart. The service was great so at least there was that.Nothing was horrible, but given the hype, the price, and the quality of it's sister restaurant (Meat & Potatoes), we left very unimpressed.  I really debated between 2-3 stars, but I really felt that the tagline that accompanies 2 stars is pretty accurate."Meh. I've experienced better."Crispy Pig Wing - this was probably the best dish of the night.  Tasted kind of like sweet and sour chinese pork.Summer Squash - there was barely any squash on the board and consisted of a bunch of sauces smeared around, definitely not worth it!Bone Marrow - at first, we were impressed by the size of the dish, but after taking a few bites, we were again very disappointed.  There wasn't much flavor to the bone marrow.  Beet Salad - a very meh salad.  consisted mainly of romaine lettuce.Steak Frites - decent, nothing special.  At this point, though we were pretty disappointed with the entire meal and were hoping for something more memorable.We also ordered drinks, all of which were decent and probably the only thing I would suggest coming back to Butcher and the Rye for.  The decor and space are great.  (Except that it is a tad bit on the dark side, so you can barely see what you're eating...)  The atmosphere is fun, but the food just wasn't very good.  I really wanted to like this place, but I'm going to suggest that you only come here if you're looking for a place to grab drinks downtown in a nice setting.First off the drinks were outstanding, food very well prepared but it all came out at once, even the soup and salad. This makes it easy on the cooks but is sloppy for someone who can dine at the very best and has higher standards.The focaccia was nothing special. The fried peppers were well prepared but overloaded with salt. We sent back the cauliflower dish.It is very very loud which takes away from  its appealThe reason for my low rating is the AC Was  on the wall next  to the bar and said 78 f

They do have very good price of  smoke salmon.Bathroom cleaning log for Einstein Bagles on Eastern and Warm Springs showed the last day it was cleaned was the 11th...Today is the 18th ... so am I to assume the bathrooms haven't been cleaned for a week?! Hope the kitchen gets cleaned more often. Also would be nice if your employees smile every once in a while.So I ordered coffee for myself and the cashier handed me a cup with a dirty rim.  I showed him it and he said, "Yep, I don't know how that happened.  Let me get you another." He grabbed the stack of cups behind him and they fell on the ground and rolled on the filthy floor. I said, "I think that's how it happened."  He went to the back and got a whole new roll of cups and threw the other stacked roll out.  I wonder how many times they drop things on the ground and don't toss it out unless someone notices.  Could that seasoning on the bagel be something else?Based on my experience and the other reviews, there seem to be a bunch of lazy slobs working at this location and an overhaul may be prudent lest this one close up due to mismanagement and health code violations.I've only been here once, but honestly, I would rate the bagels below those of Winco or even Smith's. They tasted like they were made made the day before and just sat out in the bin overnight. Not fresh at all. I expected better from Einstein's.I am so disappointed in this company no matter the location the customer service is lacking. So i order my bagel and cream cheese i go to pay the guy says pay at the other register i go to the register wait a few mins no one comes down to take my payment then one of the guys making my food gives me my bag i say i still need to pay he looks at me blank faced and goes back to making orders. I stand there another min no one comes up to take my payment then i get another guys attention and state i need to still pay he yells to someone in the back room and finally someone takes my payment. I usually do drive thru so i figured that may have been why the customer service was bad because it was more transactional but it dosent matter ita bad either eay.I buy these bagels for my employees a lot and this location is convenient for me to go to. If I had another option I would, the customer service is TERRIBLE. I have not had one good experience here.I swear something always goes wrong and every time I go back I hope for the best but I just can't anymore at this location. Soo I agree with others that this location is kinda dirty, even if it's a slow day. And I've been coming here for quite some time now and they can never remember me, and I kinda stick out  And idk if drinks are made different at different locations, but today they made me make my own iced coffee? Like what is that?! 3/4$ down the drain cause it tasted gawd awful when I tried to make it myself so I gave up and trashed it. And they never have creamers. If you ask, it takes them a long time, and not everyone has a lot of time when they are just there for coffee. But on the plus side. The food is great! Always love it. But you have to go kinda early if you want specifics cause they run out fast. So at least the food is yummy. Anyways I probably won't return to this location for quiet sometime, I love the other locations I've been to tho.Been here twice. The first time was great because the 6 of us were the only customers in there at the time. Went back today and found they were hosting two birthday parties at the same time. Waited over 20 minutes just to get noticed while standing at the counter. Then, I was told it would be at least another 30 minutes until they could get us in a race. Do not waste your time here if they are hosting any birthday parties. They only staff this place with a couple of people. There is nothing to do while you wait except play a few video games and drink from vending machines. If you pull up and there are more than 10 cars in the parking lot, don't even bother unless you want to kill several hours.You would think for the $20-$25 you pay per race, these guys could pay a few more minimum wage kids to help out. Especially on the weekends! The main issue is the time it takes to go through their registration\check-in process. Then, by the time they get you to watch the safety video and put helmets on all the racers it takes them about 20-30 minutes per group.The plus side is the place is clean. The track and cars are fun to race. It is indoor so you don't have to worry about hot or cold days.Other than the fact that it is not in a diner shaped building- there isn't much difference between 5 & Diner Delux and the regular 5  & Diner.The menus are pretty much the same with standard diner fare. The big difference is supposed to be that they prep there own food, but I couldn't really feel the extra love in my bacon cheeseburger.I guess the biggest dissapointment was the fact that my chocolate shake was made with vanilla icecream and chocolate syrup. This produces the same flavor as a fast food shake and the steep price of $4.49. A chocolate shakemade with chocolate ice cream is just more authentic and really what this pregnant lady was craving at the time.Well if I had to sum this place up in one word it would be, BORING.  There's nothing really wrong with it but there's certainly nothing great about it either.  It is located in that weirdly painted little strip center right off of Bell Rd.  I know some people love the paint scheme, I'm just not one of them.  Anyway when I think of a 5 & Diner I think of a retro, 50s style place with little juke boxes at each booth etc.  Not here.  I guess they are trying for a more upscale look but in my opinion it didn't work.  The menu is very much like the traditional 5& Diner's.  We were there around 11 am on a Saturday and ordered breakfast.  My wife got an omelet and I had the BIG breakfast (3 eggs, bacon, sausage, hash browns and biscuit).  The food was good my wife especially enjoyed hers so no points off there.  Our waitress was pleasant but not overly attentive considering there was more wait staff on duty then there were customers in the restaurant.  Both of our drinks ran dry before she offered to refill them.  Kind of a pet peeve of mine but not a big deal.With the economy being the way it is and so many restaurants trying to hang on that deserve your business I would give this place a pass.Food wasn't bad. Just ok, cheese wasn't completely melted on omelet. Amber server woulda been better pretty sure if she wasnt the only one on or if the mgr on duty was better. He tried to give me a burnt english muffin after waiting 15 mins for it. Glad this place isn't one that I crave.Great introductory special for a brazilian for $20 but geesh louise..painless? I did not think so! And I'm tough, and a brazilian veteran! When that wax did not want to come off it did not want to come off. I have never had a waxer rip at a strip like that ever. That kind of wax works as the strip as well, and for whatever reason it didnt want to come off in a big sensitive spot! It felt like torture while I laughed and tried not to think about it. Since I have stuck with the good old faithful method. But I do have to say my room mate still goes there all the time for her eyebrows and lips, but I am mentally scared for life.I just got back from my first wax at EWC. The front desk was very nice, everyone was very nice. I really liked my waxer as a person, but she was not very thorough. It was my first time there, but I had been going to another waxing spot. Even though your first "bikini line" wax is free, I paid a little extra to get a "full wax" (+$16) and the "inner thigh" (+15). Despite getting these add ons, I still had a lot of hair left over and A LOT of wax. So much so, that I thought about using Nair when I got home. I didn't b/c I know that I'd be hyper sensitive right now, but I really wanted to since there was so much hair left over. I know that each esthetician is different, so I am going to give them one more chance with another esthetician, but I was disappointed. I did like the use of the different gels to reduce ingrown hairs and such and will report back later if they actually work.Their pricing is pretty good but the service is lacking. They use the same wax as Bliss but they're waxers are no where near as good. Every time I've needed to cancel or reschedule my appointment I've gotten several calls afterwards claiming I've missed my appointment and threatening to make me pay anyways! Their disorganization is the main reason I stopped going.2 stars because it was free.  If I had to pay for this I would have given them 1 star. The esthetician totally ruined my right brow taking off about 1/4 inch too much. Now I have to regrow the brow and find a new place to go. I am going to have to fill in my brow and look like a chola until this comes back. Embarassing! On top of this the esthetician waxed over the same spot twice, leaving the sensitive skin above my eyes inflamed. She had to go and pluck what she missed during the first two passes, which I think is really unnecessary. Most people do it once, pluck a few strays and you are out the door. I have a feeling she just graduated a low rent beauty school.I will never return or refer.  Save your money and go elsewhere.Wasn't impressed.  The Brazilian hurt more than a regular Brazilian.  Whatever it is that they use isn't very good for my parts down there...or the tech sucked.  Either way, I won't be going back to this place.  Slow and painful....Hoping that this will help some ladies.. that "dare to go bare". Won't go into details of course so read between the lines!I feel both of my experiences at this location are not up to par as I feel the job was not done completely. Both times they "missed a spot" or two. Super painful, and it was rather quick, but I just thought that was "normal". Can not even believe I went through that-  twice! Now I know it doesn't have to be so painful!Which inspired this delayed review! Urban Wax- did a much better job with a lot less pain. Read my review there. To be fair, I did not advise this location of my concerns as I'm sure they would have been happy to make it right, however- ain't nobody got time for that! I'll take my business elsewhere from now on.Service is very often rushed, perfunctory, assembly -line and does not make a guest feel relaxed or comfortable. On several visits, the receptionists are curt, routine and give little attention to the guest experience. The services are just fine, with often chatty technicians, but serves is always fused; as if they can't wait to get the next client in and out.I have been going to European Wax Center since I found them back in 2010, so 4 years. I started off at the Ahwatukee location where I always had a top notch experience. This Phoenix location leaves much to be desired and honestly I would rather now drive the 20 miles back to Ahwatukee to visit that location as I can count on their quality of service - Phoenix not so much. Front desk staff, while they are friendly, super pushy about buying products - probably nothing to do with them, I am sure it is corporate who pushes sales but it is almost uncomfortable how each and every time they give me the run down on the sales pitch, both product wise and package wise. Enough with trying to increase sales, corporate - its enough to stain my entire visit!! The waxers here are super inconsistent; the only one I would recommend booking with is Shannon. LOVE Shannon and when I am able to actually call ahead of time, I always ask for her as she does an excellent job and is super quick. Aside from these 2 waxers, all others I have seen have left spots of hair where I have to go home and clean it up myself - what am I paying the $5 increase from last year for a bikini full if the waxer can't even get it right? One waxer made me feel super uncomfortable trying to upgrade me (I think her name was Brandi) to a brazilian and kept making comments about how it is so important to start with the backside and how "clean" it is to strip the whole thing. What, am I dirty for only wanting a bikini full?! Went on for at least the first 5 minutes about how I should be getting a Brazilian. Even if I had thought about it beforehand, was most certainly not going to now! The wax is super quality, honestly the main reason I keep going back in, esp when I can't call ahead and have to see a random waxer. And like I said, Ahwatukee location -which I was a regular for 2 yrs at - always a good experience. Phoenix waxers could def take some pointers from them!!!Unimpressed with this location.  The staff must be timed because the service has felt very rushed all three times I visited this location.  As a guy, I get my nose, ears, brows, and the tops of my feet waxed.  Though the staff are friendly, it doesn't do any good when they are rushing and I have to finish with tweezers at home after just paying them $64 to do it.  I gave three opportunities, I won't be going back.Feels like a hospital here. Without getting into too much detail my experience with waxing here was below average, I wouldn't come here if I wanted a job well done.Edit 5/23/11: The staff has gotten more surly and obnoxious. Now it is NOT BYOB for free, there is a "corkage" fee of $5 a case or 25 cents/beer. Their shitty website still advertises free BYOB and when we pointed this out and that our group of 8 - and our $80 - had a right to leave, they fumed and protested. They made DMV workers look sweet. This place has turned into a nightmare shithole.More of the games are broken. CHILDREN are allowed in at night, even though there is rampant drinking. You wouldn't let a child into a bar, so why would you let a child into this place? The owners and staffers have NO discretion whatsoever. In addition to 5-10 year olds running around, somebody brought a baby into the tiny room with a pingpong table.And then the baby got hit with a ball. And then the parents didn't care. There were a bunch of frat boys and their ugly, wrinkled dates. They were loud and sat on the games while not playing, preventing others from enjoy themselves. One of them nearly spilled his drink on me. It was a very uncomfortable environment all around.This place is quickly becoming a location for losers, complete with awful employees who let children, babies and obnoxious frat brothers in.  I have absolutely no doubt in my mind that they'd let dangerous ex-cons in so long as they paid the cover.I won't return.-----------Original review:I like this place very much. I don't love it.Pros: Unlimited Thursday nights for $10. Nice snack bar. FANTASTIC selection of games. BYOB, no corkage fee. You can easily spend 3-4 hours here with a bottle of wine or a six pack. Cheaper than a bar with pool tables. Great cheap jukebox, I think 75 cents gets you 3 songs. Free parking lot. Cons: Owners are an old grumpy married couple. Woman SMOKES indoors near snackbar, so 1 pool table is smoky. Owners are never helpful, but they're also not nosy. Duckpin bowling isn't free. One in the four times I was there had some weirdo grunge/dirty hipsters in their 20's who wore magic outfits. Gross. Overall I would (and have) returned. 2 hours on Friday is $8, 3 hours on Friday is $11. Thursday nights all night is $10.I'm only giving this place 2 stars because the actual establishment is awesome. A total time capsule with vintage everything. $11 is more than fair to play as many games as you want for 3 hours. All of that is great.The problem here is the staff and the extra expenses that no one tells you about. We reserved the party room for a birthday, and brought a bunch of business to this place last night. We were repeatedly harassed by the staff to exit the party room (because a woman actually lives in there and wanted to go to bed....I can't make this stuff up). So, we exit the party room and congregate in the front of the building, only to be harassed some more about paying more money if we want to stay (we weren't playing any games at this point, nor were we making the staff do us any favors....simply hanging out with our friends, saying our goodbyes). In comes the megaphone with the alarm on it...the lady in the party room sets this alarm off to push us out. At this point, none of us can believe what's happening. SO FREAKING RUDE. We will NEVER come back to this place.Also, it's BYOB, but they're going to charge every single person a fee for bringing booze in, so be prepared for that. Also, be prepared to be charged for using a debit or credit card. Also, expect to pay tax on all of your food. Also, be prepared to deal with the rudest, most immature, inconsiderate staff on the planet. Enjoy!I get that this place is a cheap and fun way to spend a night out and get a game fix, but why do more than half of the games have to be broken? I went through 2-3 games to find one that actually worked, which is a bummer! When we were there a racing game was broken, a shooting game was broken, the skee ball broken, one of the basketball toss games didn't work and a pinball machine wasn't functional. The air hockey worked, but it no longer kept score. I used to work at a skating rink with many games like this so I understand they can be super finnicky and hard to maintain, but when a customer has this much trouble just finding a game that functions as its supposed to, there's room for improvement.Ok how about 2.5 stars?

Basically, nothing was terrible but nothing was like "Wow, I gotta get me some more of that!"  Everyone else in my party felt the same.  I had the salmon (dry and tough), chicken Marsala (flavorless).  The turkey was ok, as was the beef and the sausage.  I could find no fault with the shrimp cocktail.  The salad bar was uninspiring and blah - at least have some pepperoni. There was unlimited beer and wine -- cheap beer (Hamms) and wine.  Good to get drunk on but alas I had to drive to the airport later that evening, otherwise I would have  tried to drink my money's worth.

-The decent shops that are there arent very up to date on current seasonal trends

Also, the prices are rather steep, especially for how mediocre their pizza is.

+local mascarpone cheese (served with a burned-black samosa)

Decided to leave and go elsewhere to eat, drink and spend our money.Food was gas station warming light quality. Beer selection ok.  Chef is clearly a novice.  Bartenders are a solid 8-10. Liquor tastes watered down.  I have revisited this place several times and it's always the same.Been here a few times, Decent selections and food is ok. Girls are attractive but man service is not up to par. Took forever to even get served and we were a group of 12 with a not so busy atmosphere at the time. Not really welcoming, but oh well.It's a sports bar in a strip mall...so right there it's a let down.  They make a descent drink and have a make your own six pack option to take out.  I have had a burger, ruben, wings, and mozzrella wedges in the 3 times I have been here.  All were just okay.  If you want to watch a game, eat some wings, and drink a beer I would pick elsewhere.  there are a lot better places for this in the South Hills area.Good for guys as the waitresses are adorable. Food fair at best...bar food.  Lots of beers if you are a beer drinker.Decent place to watch a big game.Acceptable food with horrible service. If you come here be ready to wait forever to get served.I quite agree with Alice on this one, nothing special here.It's the sort of shop the kids flock to in their masses before the school disco. Thus everyone wears the same outfits, or a derivative thereof.I'm glad Alice mentioned the SLUT dresses - I couldn't have put it better myself.Upon a little bit of research, I found this statement about AB10:'Offering designer fashion for men and women its range of contemporary designer brands includes; Firetrap, Fred Perry, Peter Werth, Ted Baker , Nicole Farhi, Nigel Hall, Penguin, Pringle, John Smedley and Replay. The brand portfolio of the store changes from season to season as trends change and new design companies emerge which ensures AB10 manages to capture that exciting new look.'Come on now, you're only lying to yourself.Really handy superdrug... always seems to be open!! (well they close way after i finish work, so its really handy to pop in after)... staff are always really good & very helpful, ive asked many times for them to get things out or find something & it never seems like too much trouble. They also chat to you a bit at the till if they have time & there is always enough people that seem to be on.... then again it never seems super busy in there.

I had chicken added. Their spicy level is from 1-10. I asked for a 6 but it tasted like an 8. I burnt my taste buds and my stomach. 1/5Tom Kar:

    So I ended up unsatisfied.  Even my friend tried them,  said that does not taste like Louisiana rub.  In all a bad experience, the server tried, but the cook made it for a bad outing.  If I want wings I'll stick to BDubs, you can never go wrong with their Caribbean jerk or mango habanero...Waaay overpriced - $17 with tax for 12 wings.  That's about $1.30 per wing.  Do they know it's a college campus?  I remember in the 80's when wings first took off you could get $0.10 wings - has the price of chicken gone up over 1,300% since then?Really greasy if you get breaded wings since they make the breading extra thick.  I guess it's to fool you into thinking that you got more food.The place was clean and the service was decent but I won't be heading back.Having been here 5-10 times, the service and the food has always been fantastic. That is until tonight. My friend and I split the Manager's 15 piece special, and I was feeling great until I started eating my boneless teriyaki. I started feeling nauseous, and only finished half of my meal. Within half an hour of being home, I threw up my meal. I can't remember the last time (if ever) that has happened to me. My friend also has had 3 "unpleasant" trips to the bathroom.... I hope I am the only one who gets physically sick. Anyway, I am incredibly disappointed, I hope no one else has had this experience. But it will be a while till we try this restaurant again I'm afraid.I have such a love/hate relationship with this place.  I go here about once a month and I think I'll just start writing about each experience so you'll see what I mean. This place needs to clean house and get a new manager.  May 5, 2016 - I'm about to leave work so I call to place a to-go order.  They keep me on hold for 13 minutes.  I was able to download the app, order, pay, and they still never came back to the line so I hung up.  When I get there 30 minutes later, my order is not ready yet and they are out of ranch.  I get home and they didn't give me my mozarella sticks.  Four employees were sitting around taking breaks meanwhile I waited 30 minutes past my pick-up time for my order.   Until next time...to be continued.This place isn't great. Gotten wings to go twice and reached this conclusion.The establishment itself is nice enough. Seems big. It touts itself as being a place to watch sports, but it doesn't seem to have enough TVs or space to really do that. The cashiers have always been nice enough. The place is nice enough.The wings. For a place called wingstop, they really don't have that many flavors for wings. It's about 8. And even with that, it was hard to pick as it wasn't a great 8. And if you are not a fan of dry rub like I am, I guess you are out of luck. Your choices drop down to about 4. The flavors left a lot to be desires. Garlic Parmesan, you would think would be a nice cheese garlic rub...but it's really just slathered in sauce and sprinkled with Parmesan cheese. It just seemed weird. I could buy a container of Parmesan cheese and sprinkle them on wet wings. Original hot barely has spice and the wings were dry. Hickory Smoked BBQ was slathered in BBQ, but then it was too much. BBQ was bland and again wings were dry. Hawaiian though was decent, had a nice pineapple flavor with being overpowering. Side note: Spicy Chipotle sauce is not worth it as a dipping sauce. Feels more like a cheese dip than anything else. The wings are just sub-par, There is a debate between bone-in and boneless but this is the place where boneless is definitely the way to go. You get more meat and the meat is juicier. Usually boneless wings are bigger anyway, but most places, the bone in wings are juicier and taste better. This place just doesn't have that.Fries were also very dry and apparently has sugar sprinkled over the fries. Pretty much everything is dry. Might need to spritz some water of everything, it could use the moisture.I would suggest B Dubs if you wanted wings and to skip this place.I realized it had been a minute since I had wings. This place was close and I knew it would be fast. Besides the friendly service, that is about all I can say-fast and friendly service. Dry bone-in wings. I have tried 4 sauces here and none of them have hit me as being something I would return for. Their sauces are not hot enough for me. If you go here, go for boneless as they are more juicy. I prefer traditional bone-in overall because I am not a fan of breading, but boneless with a ton of breading is the only palatable option.I will start by saying food is good. The wings were flavourful and delicious, the fries were nice and hot, and my wife loves their ranch!Now my two stars mainly go for the service and location, we arrived at 10:00pm and it seemed like they were getting ready to close! Considering their sign states that their closing hours are 12:00am!? It was very uncomfortable to seat in a table right next to where one of the workers was sweeping, moping and cleaning. It was a Friday night and the place seemed pretty busy, yet none of the workers seemed to care!

Also: no cream for coffee! Do you know what that does to coffee?Disappointing - for the price you charge, you should do much better !Open early for breakfast. Ordered steak and eggs. Medium well came out bloody and blood on eggs. Server noticed it when he got to table and asked if it was ok? Was not. He took back and made a comment "our cook is really bad". After overcooking steak brought back to me with cold eggs still covered in blood. Not my best experience.First of all, they charge $12 for Maker's Mark on the rocks. I asked for a double and barely got what would be a single pour in any respectable bar in STL. Then after questioning the pour, the server tried to convince me they overpoured the drink. After that I ordered a BLT. Clearly they didn't explain the B in BLT stood for bread. The description in the menu said bacon, lettuce and tomato. Clearly the person in charge of doling out the bacon just got finished pouring the double shots of Maker's Mark. They told us we were getting, and they actually got excited about this, freshly made kettle chips. If they didn't open a bag of Walmart kettle chips and pour them on the plate, then I've clearly never had authentically made kettle chips. The portions are a joke, the prices are high and the servers aren't very personable or accommodating.The breakfast burrito was not good but mostly - $5.98 for 2 coffees???  Seriously Matt???Horrendously slow!  It's an airport, if you're this slow, you're no good.  Worse yet, I'm just talking about the to go line!  To go, to them, gets no preference.  On top of that, they give the wrong food.  Given their before mentioned slowness, after receiving my food, I had to get on the plane, only to then discover, instead of oatmeal, they gave me an egg, bacon and cheese sandwich with potatoes.  While I'm sure it was tasty (maybe), it most certainly is not in my eating habit.  So, there I am on a 3 hour morning flight with the choice of either going hungry or eating some crap that's going to make me feel sluggish and bad all day.  I chose hunger.Two visits a row = very disappointingTwice now the eggs over medium are runny - I guess when you ask for the whites to be cooked through it doesn't matter; toast not toasted?? What's up Matt??I don't want you to "take care of my breakfast" I simply want to enjoy a good breakfast before my flight, and I'm happy to take care of the bill.I have no idea why this place is so popular? How do they have three locations?  These questions boggle my mind.  We ordered the bloody mary after seeing a picture on yelp.  I am always looking for bloodies with fun garnishes.  This one looked fun!  Every garnish was meh.  The cheese seemed like it was going bad, the olives were drying out and the pickle was the worst pickle probably in the history of pickling.  I love pickles! How does one make a mediocre pickle?  I did not think it was possible.  The best garnish was the celery LOL.  Oh, and the bacon was so yuck!  Moving on to the bloody mary.  Nothing special at all.  I ordered a veggie omelette with cheddar.  It was good.  I have had better omelettes.  It wasn't fluffy and the veggies were somewhat greasy.  My sweets had a burger and said it was overcooked and there was nothing special about it.  Like I said, I have no clue what is so special about this place.  All in all don't eat here expecting a fresh over the top delish breakfast.  Expect average truck stop food pretending to be something worth talking about.Ordered the cheese omelette and added bacon and onions. It came with potatoes and toast. Maybe just my taste buds but despite the reviews I read, the rosemary seasoning is overwhelming and the potatoes seem undercooked. Looking at empty plates as I left, I see lots of uneaten potatoes so I suggest the chef rethink their recipe. Valentin was my server and he was good and the speed of service was good. The toast is about 1/2 inch thick and more like a dessert; again not my cup of tea but whatever. Crossing this place off my airport stops; will stand in line at Wendy's next time. Sorry!!I'm not certain how this place will stay in business...maybe the hotels around it will help. We've given Marie's 3 chances - each time I went there was a laundry list of items that they were out of or their 'pie guy' didn't show up to make the pies. Prices a bit expensive for very bland food. I had high hopes for this place......My husband and I both got groupons for the massage with hot stones and aromatherapy. We went there and it was a bit hard to find the place, there were no signs and nothing inside the building to assure us that we were in the right place. The lady at the front office was very nice and helpful and one of the therapists was sitting there with her, she was nice too. We filled out some paperwork and git taken back in under 10 mins. We were told that we could not do a couples massage because we had the groupons, even though they do offer couples massages, that was confusing. So we went to our separate rooms. My massage was mediocre at best, the guy was stopping all the time to save his hands, I think he only actually massaged me for 2/3 of the 50 minutes, I say 50 because he shorted me. I was out at least 8 mins before hubby and we started at the same time. The hot stones were amazing, but he only used them for a total of 4 mins, maybe not even that. If I had paid full price, I would've asked for a refund. I feel like I got about $30 of value if I was lucky. So we tipped because we're good people, and they had good customer service, just not good massages. We got to the car and I asked my husband how his was, hoping his went better than mine. Unfortunately, his was worse. He said that the first 25 minutes he was back there she made him stretch because he was misaligned from work and that when she finally did "massage" him, she kept saying "sorry, this might hurt, I'm trying to get a knot out" and repeatedly smashed her knuckles into him to work it out. He came out wirse that he was when we went in and was miserable the next day. We've both had professional massages at spas and chiropractors and these just weren't. Good customer service, but these people were either poorly schooled in massage, or not schooled at all. I would recommend spending the extra  $20 and going to the chiropractor's massage therapist.This was such a negative experience for me. I've never had a massage before, so I did some research and wanted a deep tissue massage. The receptionist didn't book an app, l just walked in. The massage itself was really mediocre. He barely touched me and I felt rushed. When done, I tipped $40 for me and my friend ( thinking she had a good experience ) I walked out and the receptionist (African American short haired) was raising her voice. We asked to speak to someone who would be happy to help us and she used profanity. Next time I know to choose a therapist that doesn't need one themselves.I have always LOVED Jimmy John sandwiches but the experience at this location was the worst.

The only one I really liked was the red ale

However, we agree on  giving Luke's a pass.I agree with others that 1. the machines are outdated  2. the club is not cleaned properly 3. management, specifically GM Andrea, is rarely present and rude when she is.  During the 6 years I have been a member, things have steadily declined.  Front desk staff is inconsistent - some are great, others won't even say hello.  Loads of turnover. Recently, they got some new spin bikes. Prior to that, there had only been one new machine in all my years there.  There are no iPod docks and most of the machines don't have a TV monitor.  They don't clean very well around the machines and don't provide disinfectant and towels for members to clean machines after they work out.  This club used to be great, and could be again.  There are no other clubs with so many courts, but the facility isn't being taken care of.  Recently, they fixed some tennis courts with DONATIONS from members.  This club is owned by a large hotel chain, not a charity.  Tennis members pay a lot of money to use the facility, the fact that members recently donated 10k to maintain this facility is absurd.Andrea, would you please show up and do your job?  If she won't, Club Sport, will you please find someone that will?What gives?  I have seen some negative review of club sport lately, but they all get taken down.  I have been a member since 2005.  Great things about Club Sport:

Bref, la place ne s'est pas libre aprs plus de 40 minutes d'attente  -30C.

Hopefully Pittsburgh has some better "must eat" places.Apparently this place is a big deal in Pittsburgh so I figured I'd check it out. Eh. It was alright. The idea of fries and cole slaw on a sandwich ended up not being as exciting as I had hoped. I don't know if I'm just used to good ol' Southern hospitality but the waitress was not friendly. She seemed put out when my friend and I asked for menus (how dare people in a super touristy spot not know exactly what they want?!) and she never bothered to ask if we needed refills on drinks and we had to hunt her down to get our bill. This seems like something to experience once but I see no need to return next time I'm in town.Holy overrated sandwich batman. I had the #2 best seller, and I almost asked for a refund. Fries were no where near crisp, slaw was bland, and the steak was just a poor cut of meat. The bread was definitely fresh, but it was the most flavorful component, and that was not what it was supposed to be. I likely will not return, because I have checked this one off my list... all I can think is that it got all the press on the Food channel by buying its way on.2 hours from Cleveland to Pittsburgh with tolls and no gas stations to be found...I came there hungry and with low expectations because hyped up places usually disappoint, which this place did.  I love sandwiches..but this place was all novelty to me.Bread-tasted like thicker wonder bread

Almond

-Place order at bar.Has had the "N" word etched in the men's room for about a year now, appears if someone has made a flaccid attempt at covering it... Un sat.This place has gone down hill. Although the service was pretty good the food is nowhere near what it was just 3 years ago. The owners and managers must not eat there.  Disappointing.While this place has variety of choices, one of the service person has a terrible attitude. Wait time was very long."Zaxby's: Real Chicken" -  It really should be, "Zaxby's: Real SALTY Chicken." Ordered a club sandwich, and there was enough sodium in it to keep it preserved for forty years - either that, or trigger a heart attack!! We also ordered their potato chip appetizer. It was blah. It needs to decide what it is: salty and crispy chips, or salty, limp slices of potato. While some may love this place for fast food chicken, I didn't like the limited menu that basically contains salt, grease and chicken.I ordered Boneless wings and thing & chicken tender plate. Food came out pretty fast and chicken and french fries came cold and not crispy at allI have had 2 poor experiences with this Jared store at Concord Mills.  Last December, when they had a holiday promotion for Levian jewelry, and a trade-in ring special, I went to this store.  I was greeted at the door promptly by a lady, and I explained that I had two Levian pieces that I wanted to trade in and upgrade.  She took me to speak with "the Levian guy" who was so rude.  He looked down his nose at me and told me that my rings were "just plain consumer pieces" and not the high end custom pieces for which they held the sale.  Okay!!  I walked away from him and decided to look at other jewelry, and one clerk offered to help me.  As we were looking at rings, she looked up to see an apparent "regular" customer of hers, and she said to another clerk "Oh here, you handle this lady and I'm going to my other customer."  So I was dismissed twice!  I walked out without buying anything.  This past weekend, I go to Jared's again, this time looking for a pair of 18kt gold dangle earrings.  Again, a lady greeted me at the door, walked me to the area where they had earrings, and passed me off to someone else in that area.  I explained what I wanted exactly, big, bold 18kt gold dangle earrings, not diamonds, and the clerk says "we don't have any."  It's a jewelry store, right?  I was prepared to pay $1,000+ for earrings, given the price of gold, but apparently Jared's doesn't carry such a thing!  I won't go back.......and I won't recommend them to anyone else of my friends who love and buy a lot of jewelry!  I'll buy my high end jewelry from the Gem Shopping Network TV channel from now on and I recommend that others do the same!Sun and Ski is a decent all around Outdoor Sports store.  I have wandered around here many a time looking at various clothing for running and winter sports.  I will say that they lack seriously in the cycling apparel department.  They have 2 racks (1 clearance) for women and it was mostly shorts.  If you are looking for cycling apparel then stick to Bike stores that concentrate on this or buy online.  Their hiking supplies are a little limited as well and pricey but you can find some small items in abundance.  They do however, have helpful staff especially when dealing with their Yakima selection.  All in all, Sun and ski is so general that if you want a good selection in one area of activity then it's best to find a store that specializes in that.I am a IHG priority member. I travel for business and am typically a fan of the value and quality of Holiday Inn Express but his location was a major bust. Their motto? "NO" That's all anyone could say. Phone in the room didn't work so I called the hotel from my cell phone to ask for more towels. She argued with me that it was user error and when I assured her it's the crusty phone, she said she would make a note. I asked for towels. She said I had to come down and get them because housekeeping leaves at 3...you know, when everyone checks in. So I go down and sure enough. No one is at the front desk. I've been driving for 6 hours with small children and this place is the furthest from helpful. When I finally catch someone and ask for late check out... "No". At breakfast : Do you have a highchair? "NO." More fresh fruit? "NO"  Let's talk about the bathroom where there was used soap on a soap dish that clearly hasn't been wiped down in a while. The shampoos & conditioner were RECYCLED from the last user. Now I'm all about limiting waste but at $185/ nt I don't think a clean bathroom and unused shampoo samples is too much to ask. I should've saved my money and stayed in a budget motel. It would've been just as good.If these people work on commission they must all need food stamps. I have never been to any clothing store, formal wear or otherwise where I didn't have people suggesting what accessories would go with what or in some way actually assisting. Way to make my daughter's first formal dress shopping experience feel like a trip to walmartThis place is too cookie cutter for me, isles of low brow literature and stupid categories like Teen and Western.  Not to mention there was a display in the front for Bill O' Reilly's new book, blah!  I can't understand why people waste their time reading talentless literature like this.  It was nice that they had a coffee shop inside, I picked up a copy of the New York Times and flipped through it.  I guess this would be a prime location to pick up books for classes, but if you are looking for something original, search elsewhere.What a disaster.   I can't fathom working in a customer service industry  and walking by customers not saying hi.  I get it, you have projects and tasks to complete, but with any retail store no matter the vertical, the customers are the number one priority.(That was my first visit)My second visit was for the Ray Lewis book signing. And that too was a disaster. You could tell they didn't have a solid plan, as they were changing things on the fly. They had roughly 150 in the store snakes in between there rows of book shelves.  This made it VERY inconvenient for customers coming in not for the signing to shop. Id also be concerned about their disability compliance. I saw a gentleman in a wheel chair struggle as he couldn't turn around a few fixtures in the back by the magazines. Clearly not complaint. Anyways, they had one employee triage the line telling us how to have the book opened for Ray to sign it. Then. Another employee came around about 20 mins later telling us to do it differently!   Holy cow. Finally, you had to "collect a ticket" to enter the line. Hilarious! No one ever asked or even took our tickets.  And I witnessed many many people walk on through the yogurt entrance and just slip in line with their friends.  I hope this management team really sits down and takes a look at this signing. While it was awesome meeting my favorite player, it was a huge miss on their part for achieving a high level in customer service.Thin walls. Rooms with no tubs - just showers. ...Small TV - with no pay -per-view options. ...My room was clean and staff was efficient.Hotel itself is fine. Our room smoke detector started chirping at 1am! Not fine! Called the front desk and was told he would call me back. Never did. I called him and was told they could not do anything because he was alone. Hmmm! Well I can't sleep with that going on every 10 seconds. So I have to move down the hall to a different room. That's fine! Very inconvenient and annoying! What hotel doesn't keep the smoke alarm batteries changed on a regular schedule ??Went here with my people and it was just okay. I've never really been an On The Border fan and I seem to forget that until I go again and decide I don't really like the food (again). This time I tried some enchiladas (my favorite) but they put this weird white sauce on it and it was not yummy. Chips and salsa were good but that's about it.Really? This place is just okay. Everything was way too salty and the waitress was terrible. If you feel like shoving large amounts of food down your esophagus quickly, this is the place.Chain ameri-mex food with decent fresh chips.The food is just okay, about what you would expect from mass-chain mexican.They usually have nightly specials and drink specials in the bar.Average price to expect for an adult getting an entree and a cold one, $15-17.The best things are the nice big, fresh chips and the ample portions.Too bad the house salsa tastes like Pace from a jar.2.5 stars at best but not offensive.Had a terrible experience.  Went for breakfast.  It was crowded.  There a boy acting as host and cashier.  He said he would clear me off a table.  After being gone for a few minutes, I could see he still hadn't cleared the table.  After several more minutes, he asked me to go stand by the dirty table until they cleared it!  I was confused as to why he asked me to stand in the middle of a crowded restaurant staring at a dirty table.  A waitress pointed to  another table, which was clean.  After sitting there for several minutes, I asked to be moved because the location was right by the kitchen and it was very noisy and the wait staff had to maneuver around me.  The two top was finally clean, and I moved there.  I finally placed my order.  The waitress was not at all friendly.  Once she brought out plates for another table and dumped them on my table until she could distribute them to the table next to me.  She filled my coffee once without a word, and dripped coffee all over my newspaper. When she brought my food, she slapped it and the check down without a word.  Never came back to check on me.    Food was decent, just normal.  I didn't like that they put the jellies on the same basket with the toast, seemed unsanitary.  When waiting to pay, the waitress caught my eye for the first time.  I think she had already seen my measly tip I had left and was unhappy.  Not a friendly little restaurant in my eyes!Nice folks with good service but the food is nothing great and the setting is a bit dated.You can tell this is a NASCAR themed restaurant with all of the race car hoods and sides mounted to the ceiling and walls and after all, it;s about one mile from Charlotte Motor Speedway.  Pictures of Dale Earnhardt Sr adorn the walls and tables as well.  Problem is the carpet needs to be replaced or at least cleaned, the vinyl seats in the booth we sat at was badly cracked as were all of them. In general in needs a good facelift.The staff is outstanding and we never wanted for anything.  Walking in with the signs on the outside I thought I was entering a typical greek diner and at one time, may have been the case but very Americanized now.I ordered a Steak Sandwich which had very little taste or texture to it. My potato salad side on the other hand was pretty good.  My wife had a Philly Cheese Steak which she described as good but not to the point she would order it again.Maybe it was an off day but nothing great to recommend from our visit today.I liked the new look. I went in today to get chicken noodle soup from the salad bar. The container was empty. A really nice guy came to help me and said he'd just clocked in and he'd check to see if they had more. After he discovered there was none, He informed me that he had to "Take it out of the bag and thaw it out." I declined politely. I bought their grape chicken salad, when I got home it was frozen... Like a rock." They want to appear "Farm Fresh" and "Homemade" but if everything in the deli is manufactured at an offsite location, I'll take my business back to Publix.Ehhhh...the staff here wasn't the friendliest toward me. However, the guy at the front was super friendly to an older lady who was here the same time as me... Not to sure what that was about... I only came to get 1 new tire. I had to wait a while because they don't keep a stock of tires. As far as location, it was convenient for me because I didn't want to drive all over town on a spare tire. I eventually had my tire changed, and was satisfied with the job. However, I don't think I will be coming back. I would rather pay more money and be treated like an important customer.Disappointing older hotel. While most of the interior has been freshened up, the rooms could use some updating. The lounge area and continental breakfast were nice enough, but not a great space. Nothing was blatantly wrong here, but the room felt neglected. The housekeeping made a few careless errors. Room was clean, but not spotless. Furnishings were showing their age. Shower and bathroom plumbing had minor issues. It just needs a little attention.When I chose to end stay a couple days early, staff were polite but ambivalent. They were not apologetic or interested in the reasons I was canceling my visit. Not unpleasant, but also not a hotel I wanted to come back to a few more nights. This did not compare favorably with other Hampton Inns, most of which have greatly improved over the past few years. I did not get that favorable impression of this one. It did not live up to corporate's 100% satisfaction guarantee, which was not mentioned during my visit. Good rate, but there are much better values nearby.Like the no haggle pricing. Believe I got a good deal from a price perspective vs. a dealership. Sales tactics were not "honorable"1. Tried the whole payment pricing...i.e. your payment will be XXX, sign here if that's O.K..

However the onion rings that we got to eat were the bomb.Service is the absolute problem. We were in Vegas for a week and ate here 3 or 4 times. Each time we were seated promptly, then we sat, and sat, and sat. After ordering our food we sat, and sat, and sat. I had time to sit and watch mine and others food rot under a heat lamp. Than guess what happened, we sat and sat, and sat and waited for our check. I actually had to track down our server to get the check so I could leave.

Were the staff helpful? Nope.Went to the self check out because I really hate bothering people (I know it's their job but still) unfortunately my $4.99 mascara tagged as $6.99. Pressed the "help" button, the machine said someone was on their way. A few minutes later, looking around I realized the free staff were too busy chatting to give a f*** even though there was a red flashing light above me. Went to a cash where even the cashier had to put effort into having the supervisor come over. Once they confirmed the mistake they tried to just lower the price, I had to point out that Quebec law means mischarge under $10 means I get it free. The supervisor told me I would have to go to the Customer Service counter to have that happen. The cashier there was apologetic at my evidently unimpressed face when I explained that this was my third visit to a register.Yeah the pricing is good, but when the store is near empty and a bunch of you are hanging out and not doing your jobs you really shoot yourself in the foot. Would I buy here again? Of course, it's walmart pricing in a very accessible area with gorgeous decor peices. Customer service wise though, needs some serious work.Pizza was ok but not hot, slow and unfriendly service with an attitude... Hostess looked like she was miserable. Won't go back.The pizza was good, but the service was beyond slow! It took 5 minutes to be greeted, 10 minutes for our 2 soft drinks (1 was wrong) & 2 kids waters, another 7 minutes until she returned to take our order. We were celebrating a birthday and never been here before today... I thought the gift bag would've sparked a question. After 22 minutes of sitting there and finally placing our order we of course had to wait about 20 minutes longer for the pizza to cook. It was hard entertaining a 3 year old boy and 1 year old baby girl for 45 minutes until the food arrived. Very slow service and no connection with the guests.Food OK. Server might need to consider a new job choice. Serving others not her strong suit. She seemed more concerned with finishing the "side work" rather than checking on her tables.Unbelievable.  I'm waiting there for 40 minutes to pick-up a take-out order I had actually called in (in advance).  While waiting I see a server spill a plate of fires and o-rings onto the dirty dishes counter, then hurriedly sweep them back onto the plate and bring them to a waiting table.  Major code violation, and insanely foolish.  Notwithstanding this, the brat teens running this circus of a restaurant (zero adults to be seen) need a stern lesson in customer service & respect.  My willingness to return is as much a joke as the takeout wait times.I have mixed emotions on this place. For the most part the food is good, and I've been to the bar area at night and received good food and good service. But stay away at lunch - especially if you are in a hurry.  Today one young lady was trying to wait on the bar and all the tables around the bar. It was obviously too much for her to handle, and the wait was way too long. I may go again one evening for a beer if I have time to kill. But for lunch - it's off my list.I will never order delivery here again! Rude person answered the phone, I think her name was Cameron. She had an attitude and asked for my credit card number multiple times, which I thought was quite odd. She also put in the wrong address, which delayed the order even longer. When I called back, she denied that she had took my order. Will not order empire again.I and sick and I cant drive right now bc of the drugs the doctor gave me and I live alone. I wanted to order delivery and the lady was nice-ish on the phone but was kinda snobby as well. anyway I gave them my address waited for about 3 minutes for them to even let me know if they can deliver or not and they said I was almost 6 miles away and they only deliver 5 miles away.. well I was pissed and still hungry so hung up and checked how far away I really was...5.3 miles away... really..... that .3 is probably the road I live on and the is no stop signs or traffic....This place is clean and convenient, but I HATE how they make you go inside to get your gas receipt, probably in hopes you'll buy something. Just let me have my receipt!After my experience here last weekend for the Arizona Center for Germanic Culture Oktoberfest, I'll only return in hopes of seeing a big improvement in the layout of the festival. The band faced west so all I saw when I arrived after 5PM was bright sunlight...no band. I could hear them, but could only see sunlight. The line(s) for beer (I only saw one) were ridiculously long so I never even got one!! Same with the brat line, but I was told not to even bother waiting because they had run out of brats before 5pm. All they were serving was poorly cooked turkey legs!I noticed a sand volleyball court where I parked. Then I saw a few homeless people in the park, but I'm happy they found a "home" and hope they are allowed to stay. They probably pigged out on all the wasted, dumped in the trash food from the Oktoberfest.Lots of choices ranging from fast food to nicer sit down places. Looked very busy both times I had a layover here. I stopped in starbucks at 8am and waited in a huge line to find out they don't have toasters for their bagels!I think there could be more options at this airport. There are not many places to eat compared to other airports.I habe been here 4 seperate times aroumd 710a to 720a and this place is always locked up tight. The sign says 7am for the open time. Why can't they open on time.  Other bakerys that I goto are open at 5a and 6a....  this bites cause I am on my way to work! OPEN ON TIME!!I'm excited that a gluten free restaurant/bakery is in my neighborhood and has easy parking. The menu looks great and the food plates I saw looked amazing. I've only been there three times. Twice to meet a friend for coffee and once to get take out pastries which were amazing.The actual experience was not so great. Since it is a new place, the staff should be a little more inviting. When you walk in the door for the first time, it's hard to tell if you are to seat yourself and a server comes over or if you are to get in line (and which side of the counter because there were people on both sides and cutting in front of people in the other line). The three times I went there were no greetings or acknowledgement from the staff-even if they saw us come in. I thought that was a little rude. Not a good first, second or third impression for a business that just opened in a community.I will have to try the food sometime when they have had a chance to get their staff trained on common courtesy and customer service. I always hate it when I either go to a place and love the food, but the experience was bad or if I hate the food, but the staff, experience and decor is cool.I would describe our experience here as "meh." It was confusing when we walked in as a party of 4. There were several table available, but all of them were dirty? We found someone who was more than happy to clean one for us, but then we couldn't find a menu? Once we did find a menu, we all picked out what we wanted... Then to discover that they were out of half the menu. No lie, every item I asked for was gone, even a smoothie. How do you run out of smoothie? There was basically nothing available but egg entrees (which I can't have), and sugary pastries.  I settled on a granola parfait which was good, but it's hard to mess up granola, let's be honest. I was excited for tasty healthy food, but apparently you have to arrive well before noon to get that (we arrived at 12:30).Once our food arrived (which took more than half an hour for granola, an omelette, and 2 thai flatbreads?), the omelette that one of our party ordered was fantastic, but the Thai flatbread was just ok, and the granola was good because it's granola. We had high hopes, but we're left disappointed by this place. In Arcadia, where consumers have no lack of choice, you have to step up your game. Maybe we were there on an off day? But with all the 4 and 5 star reviews we were ultimately left disappointed.Free cookie if you check in with yelp!  YES please.  I got the vegan peanut butter cookie which was wonderful.  I made the mistake of getting a donut though and it was no bueno. :(  I'm sure they have other tasty items but I struck out big time!I stopped by Jewel's Bakery and Cafe for a late breakfast today and left with extremely mixed feelings. The food was really wonderful! I'm not a regular gluten-free eater and wasn't even aware that it was their "edge" until after I'd demolished their breakfast platter, which included a great pancake with some of the best syrup I've ever had.

In any event, after discussing it we decided that as much as we liked going to Jonathan's and liked the people there, sadly we could not go back until they have this matter under better control.From the outside you can barely tell this is even a restaurant, it is definitely no frills. When we walked in the sign said please wait to be seated but the lady bobbed her head and said sit wherever. When the waitress came over she didn't speak english well and was very unkempt. I went to use the restroom which was very clean how ever on the way back I saw 2 waitress leaning on a rail and one was stuffing her face with a sandwich. Meanwhile a lady at another table practically had to yell across the restaurant to get a refill on her drink. These servers were clearly not in the mood to serve people. I ordered marinated chicken tips one of my favorite dishes I have had many times at different restaurants and a salad. When she brought everyones salads to the table there wasn't one for me, so she had to go back and bring one out. When my chicken arrived it looked really yummy to bad looks can be deceiving because it was terrible. It was so bland and the chicken was dry. I tried to add salt and finally I had to use ketchup, the mac and cheese was ok nothing special. Needless to say I was very disappointed and I will not be returning to Jonathan's any time soon.Ok breakfast.  Quiet setting.  The pond out front looked tired, worn, and dirty.Five and a half hours! My God, what was I thinking? While the price is right, I can think of better things to do on a Saturday. Based on previous reviews, I was expecting to walk out with an awesome hairdo. No such luck:( My highlights were patchy and they left the foil on too long. My haircut, while it does look OK, is nothing like I asked for. Perhaps, I should have mentioned all of this when I was walking out, but after five and a half hours I just wanted to get out. I thought about going back for another try, my hair begged me not to.OK, first off, it's a school. I've had services at schools before, bc I'm a notorious cheapie. But some things, Yelpers, you just shouldn't be cheap about. Like a Brazilian wax.

- meats and seafood are limited and look kinda iffy

Good thing the staff at the table was really good and 3stars for food.I am so disappointed in this place! The presentation of this restaurant makes you think it's a great place to have brunch at. It's across the street from the Bellagio fountains, outside dining and for some reason it's packed. I waited 45 minutes for a table to be so disappointed! I ordered the ham& cheese  croissant and the carnitas hash. What a mistake! First the croissant was deli lunch meat ham with cheese put on a croissant. The carnitas hash was potatoes.. No joke! Like no flavor in anything. Only good thing about this place is location and their potatoes! Service is slow too! I would NOT come here again.The chicken & waffles...YUCK!  Overdone, fried & battered to death.  Does this pic look at all appetizing?  Two stars instead of one because at least we got it refunded and had an okay spinach dip instead.  Much preferred the restaurant that used to be at this same site about a year or so ago.  Dissatisfied and won't being going back.  If you must just try a pizza or burger less likely to be burnt and gross!We wanted to celebrate a special occasion with my daughter and her family. And we wanted to try a place that none of us had eaten previously. Hexx Kitchen for brunch on a pleasant June morning seemed to fit the bill.

Her risotto was warm, not hot, the scallops were ok and shrimp was tough to chew. The seasoning was way to hot for a risotto. Almost a risoto mexicano.

We skipped dessert.

However, today I walked in and found a seat near the coffee bar... I had some work to do and I got some water...

This location is 4 miles from my house.

Nigiri: it was somewhat warm, not disgusting warm but it could have been betterEverything else was just meh, nothing to rave about and nothing to remember about.Conclusion: I would never come back unless someone else paid for me.We went there with company.  This place feels like a cheap buffet, loud and crowded.  The food is average minus.  I was OK in the morning after, but my wife had a bad stomach.  If it wasn't our company's pick, we would have never went there.

5. Our first large pizza came out as a small.

#after my ticket comes up on his printer, he looks at it briefly, and then continues his side work.

These guys should change information on the website or make it free for guest because thats what you guys said on the website.

Seating uncomfortable, decent food, chilli did not have any flavor, pulled pork sandwich was tastey, but the bread was soggy.  The cornbread was awesome, beer was cold.

No sense of urgency, no sense of service. Distracted and un-focused on serving the customer.

-My friend and I went in without an appointment at 5:15 on Friday evening and only had to wait a few minutes before being taken to our chairs.-The pedi chairs might be the best I've experienced yet. They're super comfy, look brand new and have the most massage settings.-My tech was very friendly... I mean she didn't talk except to ask me what kind of pedi I wanted but she SEEMED friendly. On to the cons.I want to say that this first gripe is not something that would normally make or break my experience and honestly it's something I would have overlooked completely had my service been a great one... or even a decent one buuuut it wasn't so I think it's worth mentioning.

Anyway we ordered the cheddar burger (with imported cheddar according to the menu) and the burger salad.

Lots of other things to try yet, including burgers so I won't give up yet.

- The king sized bed was about the most comfortable mattress I've ever laid on.  It really did help relieve the wear and tear Vegas will put on you from all of the walking.Cons:

Apparently The Luxor is going through some changes to update themselves. The direction of their change is not apparent and there are long stretches of walks down dark empty hallways that are a bit eerie.

1) The shop is hard to find in the maze created by construction at Ceasars, and several of the Ceasars employees don't even know where it is.

It should not take 50 minutes for these items.

In the end I regretted being lazy and settling for the convenience of this buffet.  I would have rather have put the $120 I spent towards a better quality buffet at another hotel or gone to a restaurant off the strip and had a cheaper and better meal.Very average. But was free so didn't care. Would not pay for this, tough. Small selection and low quality. Was filling but with so many options in the city... Will probably only go if starving and free. Not horrible but just not really special. Although, new owners might change that. Haven't been there since the change.The made to order was good but for the price.. Even with a discount... Poor quality of food. Fatty ham, overcooked, crab legs were not fresh, sushi fell apart in clumps in my hand...couldn't eat it. Found solace in a slice of wheat toast and hummus.For the price there was not much to choose from, it was about $45 for two people lunch, and it was a quarter size of normal buffets in Vegas. The selection was pizza, pasta or Chinese food. Wasn't worth it to me at all. The food was good tho.They took away the pasta station and the omelet station which were the two best parts of the buffets. Why would they do that and the price is still the same. This deserved 5 stars but not anymore and until they put it back this is not worth the price.Didn't like this place.Didn't think it was fresh either.Feeding trough of a place and overpriced.  Wished they had an a la carte menu, which they didn't.The only good thing I had was a cinammon donut.Skip this place.My husband and I had a rare evening alone and decided to celebrate 12 years of being together by going to BLT at the Camelback Inn. Seated promptly on the patio the view and the weather were perfect.  That pretty much was the highlight of the evening....other than the popovers.  The service was absolutely horrible.  Our waiter clearly had too many stations and couldn't seem to give us any attention.  We are not the type of couple who like a lot of attention but it was 45 minutes before placing our order.  We ordered from the fixed price menu and were really surprised that the appetizers took 20 minutes to come out, and the main course was another 20 minutes after they took the appetizers away.  My husband had ordered the rib eye with sweet breads.  He ordered the rib eye medium rare and it came out overly well done.   I had the diver scallops were which cooked perfectly, served cool - which was disappointing, and the ragout of lima beans (nearly raw) and olives was too salty for my palate.   We tried to get our waiters attention to let him know about the steak, but after 3 attempts and over 15 minutes, we gave up - signaled a manager, and the meal was removed from the bill.  We had a great night otherwise.  It was nice just to be outside looking at the mountain and enjoy each other's company.   We spent 3 hours on a 3 course dinner and I truly loved all the time together.We may try again another time as there did appear to be many wonderful sounding dishes on the menu and the atmosphere was nice.  From the other yelpers it sounds like we had an off night, but for the prices and the hype - consistency should be a given.I don't mind paying up for a meal, but if you're gonna charge me a bunch, you've got to be worth it. That is the problem with BLT. Everything is OK, and OK just feels like a ripoff. The wine list was over 3 times the Costo price for some of the bottles (I had no idea but was dining with a wine guy). I was with 6 people and everyone agreed the best part of the night was the popover. Not exactly what you want to say after coughing up $500 for a meal. There are too many choices for an expensive meal in Scottsdale, there is no reason to go back to BLT.We decided to eat here for our 4th anniversary dinner.  Let's start with the positives.  Beautiful decor, love the contemporary feel with the chalk blackboard  wall. Great location, the Camelback Inn is very beautiful.  The meal began with the chef's gift of  warm chicken liver spread with thyme and crusty bread - wonderfu,l followed by  the gruyere glazed popover served with a ramekin of european butter and sea salt.-amazing!  A little recipe card is included with the popovers-nice touch.   I wish I had more positives to say I really wanted to love this restaurant.So now for the reasons for the 2 star rating.  When we arrived for our reservation, it would have been nice to have heard happy anniversary since we had noted that on our open table reservation.We were  seated in a great round booth nice intimate location for our anniversary dinner. When we arrived at our booth she  pulled the table out so we could snuggle in the back and on the seat was food.  Thankfully she noticed and I thought she would apologize and promptly clean up. What happened next should have been a warning sign of how our night was going to turn out.  She said, "Oh" and stood there, so I said "here I'll move so you can clean that off.  She then proceeded to enter the booth and swipe the food off the seat onto the floor with her hand.  Not what I'd expect of a Laurent Tourondel restaurant. Our server arrived  promptly but still no happy anniversary.  I don't mean to make a big deal out of the lack of a greeting, it's just  a nice touch when celebrating a special occasion, definitely not a reason to give a 2 star rating though , so I'll continue.   We ordered our wine and to our surprise our server returned promptly and to our relief wished us Happy Anniversary, which quickly turned awkward as he tried to connect with us and tell us all of his friends are starting to marry and have children and now his girlfriend is looking at him wondering what his problem is that he hasn't asked her to marry him yet and how wow thats a lot of responsibility and he didn't know how people could get married blah blah blah. Thanks, you could've kept your happy anniversary.  Awkward and uncomfortable!  He then proceeded to tell us that the wine we ordered was not chilled enough and would we mind if he chilled it for 6-10 minutes.  Really, how could the wine not be chilled if it's on the menu.  Still ok at this point, we aren't high maintenace diners and honestly pretty easy going and very forgiving.  We thought at this point he would take our orders, however even though we were only 1 or 3 tables filled in the restaurant he did not return to take our order until our wine was chilled.  What he did do was help the table next to ours get that perfect photo for their memory album and blind us with the flash of their camera several times cause they weren't quite happy with their photo.  To his credit he did apologize when he returned to take our order.  I ordered the spice rubbed cowboy ribeye, my husband the bone in rib eye, a side of the creamed spinach, jalapeno mash, and hen of the woods mushrooms with a side of chimichuri and green peppercorn sauce.   The cowboy ribeye comes to the table with the whole rib attached to the ribeye not expecting that. The spices were so charred the only flavor I got was burnt and the meat itself was so fatty half the steak was totally inedible. My husband kindly shared his steak which was good, but hardly anything I would return for.  Great hen of the woods mushrooms really enjoyed these  favorite part of the dinner.  The rest of the sides ok nothing great though. We finished and my husband had to refill his own wine glass, because our server was chatting and taking pictures again.  What happened next was truly shocking, something I'd expect if we were at Mcdonalds  but not a upscale steakhouse.  An electrician showed up and proceeded to change the light bulb that was out at the booth next to ours.  Mind you by this time it was 10:30 pm and the restaurant closed at 11pm.  Really are you freaking kidding me you can't wait a half hour to change a light bulb.  To BLT'S credit they arrived  with a complimentary dessert, however as the wait staff, not our server sets it down in front of us and promptly walks away without explaining what it was we looked down and in fittingly comic horror scribbled on the plate is Happy Birthday!  WOW!!

We were hoping for a new Sunday brunch place, but I doubt we'll be back.Cool venue and great menu, but poor execution and negligent service. Everything we ordered - drinks, appetizer and entrees was average or below average.  Came here for a nice dinner out, left disappointed.Great food, but terrible service. Waitress, Jessica never came back after taking our order. Then after we were done eating she finally came by and rudely asked how lunch was.Drinks are pricey, $14 and up.

1). No reservations, there were 6 of us (45 min. wait).

(caesars $11.99)

If u feel like an awesome dessert go there....My first P.F. Chang experience has me behaving like a drug addict trying to relive my first high.  I've eaten at several in several different cities and it's consistently mediocre.This location could've been cleaner.  The table next to us ordered lettuce wraps and the lettuce was dirty, so the sent it back.  The prices are also higher because you're on The Strip.Located in Planet Hollywood Hotel Casino on the Famous Las Vegas Strip, this is a chain of Americanized Chinese food, that being said this visit was my first and a little bit not great. I am willing to give it another shot and I will update this review accordingly. The service was incredibly slow, my water was never refilled. The food once it arrived was not hot. The 'Cafe latte" was in fact coffee with milk, that is cafe ole, for those of you keeping score. The soy sauce would not come out of the unclean and clogged container. As I said I will go again, and update my review, but they have some work to do. If I could I would give it 2 1/2 stars but I can't so sadly I must round down.  Live It Up You Are In Las Vegas For Cryin' Out Loud!This location of P.F. Chang's was not a great experience.  Every single dish with sauce tasted exactly the same, even if made with different proteins and advertised as different meals.  Really, there was no way to discern between the dishes.  I also got sushi, which was bland and overpriced for the portion.The tables are incredibly close and made it difficult for servers and patrons to get through, as my chair was sit multiple times.  The server was also a bit robotic, not very friendly.Not really that good if I'm honest.Very 'msg-ey' (make sense..?) - more mass catering than a specific restaurant experience.I chose awfully badly in PF's defence, switching rice for quinoa (don't ask..) and as expected it didn't work, but should it have really been an option?Dumplings arrived with cold pork filling and weren't finished (unheard of as we ALWAYS scoff the dim sum)Hit it with low expectations and sadly lived up to it.Although service here was prompt for a busy Saturday night,  we placed our order for a dinner for two priced at 49.95 per the menu.  After dinner the waitress asked if we were ready for desert, some

This store is definitely worth going to just to look around even if you're not interested in buying anything.*Edit

The outside balcony is AWESOME. It has an amazing view of the strip that just really makes the energy outside fantastic. There is decent space to move around and stand and just take in the sight or dance if you want. The music they were playing outside was great! My husband loves techno and they were definitely playing the best of it. Inside is your typical mainday radio play hits which were good but I was diggin the music upstairs. Also, if you want good entertainment this place is it. They've got plenty of various rooms, connect to the Pussycat dolls, great balcony out on top, and there is always SOME celebrity there hanging out (Paris and the Olly girls in our case). Additionally, it was a crackup to watch some girl BITCH slap some dude for asking her weight and some guy totally get some from a chick in their VIP booth. Ahhhh! Gotta love the drama.So all in all, I probably wouldn't go back unless I was gauranteed less than a 20 minute wait and no cover, otherwise its a no go for me. It was fun but the amount of fun we had definitely did not supercede the amount of money and time spent here and again, the vibe I got from this group of people just didn't flow with me. I'll stick to my favorite place, Rain.I went here with a group of girls for a bachelorette party so it seemed like getting in shouldn't have taken as long as it did, but we kept getting pulled out of line, told we could get in without waiting and then unceremoniously tossed to the back again. Plus one of the bouncers was a real ass to my friends and I when it was his co-worker he should have been getting pissed at. The inside was really cool, but it was ridiculously crowded - to the point where it sucked all the fun out of the experience. All those hot sweaty people meant we got grabbed, yelled at, etc. by some fairly gnarly guys. I think I would have liked this place a heck of a lot better if I had come on a different night. The outside patio is awesome and looks out over the whole strip and the DJ was playing exactly the right music, but we left early because there were just too many people (including the cast of the Hills who breezed right past us as we were waiting in line with the rest of the "normal" people).Oh yeah and did I mention that I paid $26 for a double Redbull and Vodka?!?!? $26! For ONE drink!!! And to top it off when I asked the girl if she could add some more Redbull, she said she would have to charge me! That reeaaalllly pissed me off.Do the words "Over Capacity" mean anything?  Seriously, people.  I waited in line for all of 15 minutes with some girlfriends, went in, got an overpriced drink and proceeded to be squished due to the amount of people there.  It's not a dance club, as there is no room to dance.  It's a music club and it's pretty inside but that's all it's got going for it.not a bad place, music was pretty good in the main room and they had a pussycat doll dance stage which was cool for about 2 mins then got boring.our waitress was nice, but management staff at the end of the night was rude and were not very friendly.for more fun, check out tao.This place was NOT FUN. We got on the guestlist to ensure that we (a group of 5 girls) wouldn't have to pay a cover. We waited in the all girls line (which they have on sporadic nights. This one was a Saturday) for about 30 minutes since the club wasn't even open yet, and then got in pretty easily. The sad part was, we got in and felt like turning back around out the door. It was kinda empty, a lot of old and awkward adults (not really a crowd for 21 year olds), and worst of all..the music SUCCKKEDDD! They played some weird ass techno music that I could've done the robot to. We thought maybe it would get better, but nope. It was just bad the entire time we were there, sadly dancing in the corner of the dance floor. Dude, they played the boy is mine. Yes, the song by monica and brandy. Really? Do people dance to that music? Sooo awkward. My girls and I left after like 20 minutes. We sat at some slots, which I actually won at! Haha. So I guess that was a plus. And then some girl came up to us and asked if we would like to go to the old Opium, which I guess is called Poetry now. Anyway, that's an entirely different review, but it was fun there and better than Pure. So just know that. I've heard good things about Pure from friends so I'm disappointed that our experience was lame. Oh well.EDIT 1/20/08:Okay well I just went to Vegas again for new years! And I had to come back and add onto this review. This time around, we went to Pure on January 1st. I kinda figured it might be crowded since it was the day after new years eve, but then again I also thought maybe it'd be not so crowded since everyone probably left town already. Welp! My first instinct was right. That place was sooo packed. I went with 5 girls again (weird coincidence, they were all different girls from last time), and so we got in for free. What sucked was how disorganized the "line" was for so-called guestlist folks. It was just this big ass mob around the door with people fighting to get the attention of any bouncer they could. Anyhoooo. We got in and it was hard to even walk around. Drinks were expensive (but what's new in vegas), but the music this night was crackin. Paris Hilton showed up and everyone turned into strange picture taking robots with cameras permanently focused on the VIP area where she was dancing all silly. Uh, it's just Paris Hilton. I understand if you want a shot or two of her since she's kinda famous and stuff, but really. Folks were taking pictures for like 45 minutes straight. Give your arm and the people trying to dance around you a break. Overall the place was better than the first time I went. Still not great, but better. On a less crowded night with the same music (hip-hop/mainstream/DANCEABLE music), I'd be down to go again. For free.This place is so over-hyped - however if you can get over one little thing then I guess you should have more fun (talking about a table). Getting in wasn't so bad - again I don't know what my friends did but we ended up getting to the head of the line ASAP. The bartender was great and it didn't hurt that she was gorgeous.  She kept the drinks coming no despite common sense. That aside the place was packed.....not to mention that it seemed to us that everything was either a different club or roped off. There was a bathtub area.....I think it was another part of the club (?) but you had to pay extra to get in there - correct me if I'm wrong on that one. Then it seemed like everywhere we were talking to girls we kept running into ropes - there were VIP tables everywhere (1st floor, 2nd floor, etc). What a pain that was!That aside the alcohol was able to put it all to ease till one of my marine friends vomited in the bathroom - apparently that constitutes being thro......escorted out. I don't know if I should be happy or pissed about it. It was good since I fortunately was able to spot him on the way out and that the bouncers were cordial given the situation but pissed because I was the only one who spotted him on his way out - the rest of the group was out and about. F'ers! To make a long story short - I helped my friend on his departure and hijacked a limo to get us back to our hotel....how I was sober enough to pull that off is anyone's guess but I do have a picture of him with his head buried in the toilet. LMAO - and I bet you thought that was me. Guess again suckas!Hate clubbing so this is biased.Sucked balls waiting. We got there at 9:30 when there was like 30 ppl in line. So we were ridiculously  close. However ppl getting tables were going in first. And they were picking all dem hoes in diff area codes so our mixed group had to wait. We were literally close enough to the bouncer to talk to him. My group was right next to him, yet I think we waited an hour. Failing PURE. To make this better, Paris Hilton came to celebrate her birthday. Like I wanted to see the stupid spoiled whore.... too bad that was the reason my gf wanted to go. That made the line ridiculously worse. Failing HARD PURE. And the best part about this was that I had to pee cuz I had like 4 drinks. I lost my buzz, and after 45 min of waiting while my kidneys were bursting and bladder rupturing I had to leave the line, pee, and step on like 20 people to get back to my friends. And once we got in we had to pay 30 bucks. Okay...

5. They promised a $200 rebate, but that didn't happen

We were told they didn't have any forks because they were in the dishwasher- (take one out and wash it by hand).The vents are disgustingly dirty which makes me question everything else.Won't be coming here again, which is a bummer since I really wanted to support a local deli. :(This place use to be open for dinner and they had it going on. Unfortunately now they do Breakfast and lunch. Food is good and the service is hit or miss.Yeah I too am disappointed with the changes that have been made ! used to be really fun eclectic place to go..., last time I went we sat there for 10 minutes before anybody came to table(was only a few people there) ,  lousy service! Such a small venue I guess they decided to go more "delicatessen" and they've gotten rid of all the waiters and its self serve. As far as the food goes, its not good enough to get me to go back....Haven't been here in a while ,thinking it was all the same , don't like I have to order my own food now at counter , miss talking to our sever, and now different things on menu . I understand that they own two of these places but the whole reason to come here was because it was so different . . I talked my family to come here today bragging about how different it was , but so disappointed , they eat I didn't ..Im sure the shock will wear off , and I'm open to change , but ...What happened?? The menu change was a bad move! This place used to be top notch, their menu had a great variety of options and the food tasted fresh and was worth the drive out there. I've been back twice since the menu change and sorry to say it but I don't know that we will go back. My sister drove 45 minutes for lunch and met me there, She was less than impressed. My husband ordered biscuits and gravy on our last visit and the gravy was more like soup and the side of bacon was way over cooked.What used to set this place apart was their stellar menu filled with a variety of options, now they have hardly any egg dishes to offer. They used to serve homemade jelly with their toast, now it's the usual high fructose corn syrup filled crap like every other restaurant. Thank goodness they have kept the carrot cake!They should really reconsider this menu change. Especially since the owners have not changed according to the staff.While Starbucks will do in a pinch and they are sprinkled all over Charlotte, I try to seek out local (or smaller) establishments when I'm exploring a new city. After seeing some of the reviews, I decided to give Port City Java a try. Well, two really. After reading Adrienne G's review, I was intrigued by the Black & Tan. And heeding her warning I added an extra shot to my grande. It was a little too sweet. I thought maybe it just wasn't my cup of joe, so vowed to give them another try. Went back the next morning and opted for the Almond Joyful. Again, with the extra shot. Too sweet. Even with an extra shot on top of their extra shot, I felt like I was being witch-slapped with sugar. I'm not giving up on them & would happily stop by for a dessert at the end of the day, but they probably won't be my first stop in the morning.Here we go again, with a place I've only heard rave reviews of. This time it was my boss, who's from Ohio, blah, blah blahing about how great Donato's is. And he wasn't the only one, I'd also heard it from quite a few of my other Friends who all were from Ohio too. Maybe Donato's is actually good in Ohio? Maybe? Either way the one here in Charlotte is not my style. I'm a New York Pizza kind of guy, I like my slices long, greasy and cheesy with a few Pepperoni, lets say ten per slice to be generous, I like the crust to be soft and doughty and thin, but not crispy. I wasn't feeling the thin crispy crust, or the weird square slices. And way, way too much pepperoni. There were some good things though. It wasn't all bad. The crust though too thin and crispy for my taste did have a nice buttery texture and plenty of flavor. You can tell the guys at Donato's know what they're doing, its nothing against them, its just not the kind of pizza I like. Try it for yourself and let me know what you think, I've got an open mind.Where to start?  I guess I'll start at the entrance.  Donatos shares a building with Bojangles.  Maybe "building" isn't the correct term, but hopefully it makes sense.  That is a problem, because when you come in, you're just about smacked in the face by the menu, which is up on a wall.  Not above the counter, but right in front of you - the counter is off to the side.  This can be an issue because people waiting for food to go seem like they choose this area to stand, meaning you can't get a good look at the menu (which, as I mentioned is right in front of you in the first place).  Strike one.The staff is helpful - they offer to hand you a menu - but as with many places where you order at a counter, looking through a menu in your hands with people waiting isn't a great idea.  Being able to look at something larger and make a semi-informed decision would really help here.  Strike two.Next up is the seating (should you choose to eat in).  There are a grand total of twelve tables for two, which can be moved around somewhat if you are able, so you can make tables for four, six, etc. if others aren't using them.  But if you can do the math, that's seating for 24 people, shared between Bojangles and Donatos.  Add to that the fact that service is not fast - it took upwards of ten minutes to get my sub, and others who ordered before I did took even longer.  Strike three.As to the food: It wasn't bad.  My sandwich was not huge - think a large ciabatta bun from Jack-in-the-Box, with a reasonable amount of meat and toppings.  The only problem is that I ordered it without lettuce, and it came with lettuce, as well as a monstrous dollop of mayo, most of which was removed when I removed the lettuce.  But the flavor wasn't bad.  The pizzas looked okay, if a bit on the thin side.  I also had a cookie, which was okay but for a crust that tasted a bit burnt.The staff was helpful, except for being a bit on the slow side - since they were overstaffed and the oven-cooking took so long, they could probably cut back.  And since the credit card machine spit out a receipt that prompts for tips, it ticked me off a bit.  Also, pre-made salads in the cooler is a bit off-putting.  Pizzas and subs are definitely the way to go here.Donatos would have received three stars except the management is horrible. I have always had a positive experience at Donatos and have always enjoyed the food. It isn't the greatest pizza in Charlotte but it is certainly not the worst. My mother, however, has not had the same experience. My mother has a hangup with pepperonis. She likes them but she doesn't LOVE them. Everytime she orders her usual pepperoni and onion pizza she always specifies light on the pepperonis. She had never been to Donatos and was unfamiliar with their obsession with pepperonis. She called in her order and told the girl on the phone that she wanted 25 percent of the pepperonis they typically use on their "edge to edge" pepperoni pizza. She picked the pizza up and brought it home to find that they had given her an edge to edge pepperoni pizza. She promptly returned the pizza and politely asked to speak to a manager about the situation. She explained the situation and he acted like she had lobsters crawling out of her ears. He was unwilling to remake her pizza and even shared a laugh at her expense with a fellow patron who couldn't understand why my mother would not want 500 pepperonis on her pizza. She called the district manager and complained about the general manager but has not been back to Donatos since. I don't know if this will change your opinion or not but even though Donatos has decent pizza, they clearly have issues with customer service.Service was very slow at lunch. Pizza was ok - have had better pizza at their other locations.I was surprised and very disappointed when me and my friend arrived around 10:50 and had no agent at the check in even after waiting 15 min he passed us and said he'll be a minute. No urgency or consideration for customers on time ready to check in, does not look good in a customer service perspective. So if your on a red eye out of Vegas don't be surprise if your waiting at check in desk for awhile while other airlines are doing there job standing by 24/7 ready to give good customer service!Attendants rushed us to get on the plane saying we had 1 minute before they gave away our seats. I had to get my husband to leave food behind that was paid for and about to be served just to have them make us wait  another 5+ minutes. (As our order was called out directly across the way) We actually boarded and took off 10 minutes early. The plane was small and felt cramped. Flight was super rough and bumpy. The seat was comfortable enough though. Flight from Las Vegas to San Francisco.While the lunch I had at Sala Thai wasn't BAD, it certainly wasn't good.I have to say that my ginger chicken over rice didn't taste very ginger-y at all, and had sort of a fast-food chinese food type gravy.  I was totally underwhelmed.The decor was nice though.Meh- for a place that is supposedly owned by the people who make the curry for the Corner Store on Willy Street (best curry i've had in the US), I was horribly disappointed.  We showed up at 8:30pm, which is a little late since they close at 9 but still seemed okay, I think, and even though there was only one other group in the restaurant, they told us it would be a 15 minute wait.  We stood our ground, pointing out the 15+ empty tables in the restaurant, and they finally grudgingly sat us.  From there, everything moved very slowly......we had some spring rolls that were about 95% lettuce (supposed to have shrimp in them?) and my massaman curry was pretty bland- just a bunch of beef in some sauce, without the usual potatoes, nuts, and a few vegetables. All in all, the atmosphere is nice with a lot of decorations straight from Thailand, but for good food and service, go anywhere else.1.  Strange Hours: 5pm-9pm on several days of the week.  Huh?  2.  Spotty service:  I placed an order to-go and waited near the counter.  So why did the other waitress (there were only 2 of them) have to ask me about my order?  I told her and she promptly headed to the floor to serve some other seated customers, doing nothing with the info I shared with her.  She did the same for another guy who was just picking up an order placed over the phone, asking for his name and doing nothing, all after seeing the other waitress attend to him.  Odd.3.  The wait:  Pad Thai should not take 25 minutes to prepare.  Also, if I order it WITHOUT peanuts - a common allergen - please don't tell me you put peanuts on it by mistake and ask it was okay.  I specified no peanuts firstly (ok, ok, I'm not allergic, I just hate the taste) so what was the point of asking?  That added another 10 minutes for the new dish.4.  The food:  I had the sticky rice and sweet mango which was a very pleasant surprise.  The pad thai lacked "umami".  It just wasn't tasty.  The noodles were overcooked in a sauce that had obviously dried down too much.  The sauce had an odd, sour and tacky tamarind taste that did not coat the mouth the way delicious food does.  There was no oral satisfaction.  After every bite was chewed and slid down my throat, it was as though the next bite was my first.  My mouth did not seem to recognize that I just ate something.  Really weird.  5.  Ambiance:  I liked how this place looked and would gladly dine here again if I could be guaranteed a yummy dish.I know this place has gotten some good reviews but....some serious attitude We got in and it was a little busy but got seated and ordered. My order came and we waited over 25 minutes for my wife's meal to come. When I mentioned it to the waitress she got pissed and went on how busy they were. To which I understood but would've liked her to understand that she could've waited on mine to bring out until just before or the same time brings my wife's. When my wife's meal did come out the rice was way over cooked, wet and mushy, Gross. They refused to replace the rice and were rude about it. It's just rice, I know my rice and when it's wet and overcooked. Never even had overcooked rice at a mall fast food Chinese so what's up with that? Really poor for a place such as this and the money you spend for that.

Salt Roasted Beets - burrata, crispy guanciale, balsamic reduction

I am the owner of grooming salon and used to order a lot from Ryan's but doing less and less of that because of numeral mistakes with past orders too.They have good prices. That's about it for the pros.Cons: ABYSMAL customer service. Terrible. The employees have two possible states: they can appear to be inconvenienced by your presence, or they can appear to outright hate your guts for trying to buy anything.Orders are never fully fulfilled. Never, not once have they had everything in stock that their website says they do in five years of purchasing from them. Inventory control needs some help. Not the biggest deal, unless you're really counting on them to have what they say they have. Then you might be screwed.We still buy from them because of the prices, but it is a horrible experience every time. The second we find a competitor that has similar prices Ryan's can kiss our thousands in purchases per year goodbye.Ordered the fish n shrimp tacos and I was pretty disappointed! Not much flavor in the shrimp or fish. The salsa did help but overall they were weak tacos. I'd rather stick to rubio's for tacos. I didn't order anything else so this rating is just based off tacos.Things were going ok until my last day. We prepaid reservations with expedia, we visited Cancun from US. I called their 1800 number, got the call center in Phoenix, AZ. My rep was going through protocol then she confused herself, put me on hold several times then she said that super shuttle doesn't handle international bookings via expedia, i was like what? Supershuttle brought me to my hotel then she said that it is different when being picked up from the hotel. I was like what? I knew i was wasting my time at this point. She also said if i called the local super shuttle number in cancun, it would call one of the 2 call centers in US. I hung up on her. I found the local number in Cancun, he got me all squared away in 30 seconds. To supershuttle in US; TRAIN YOUR PEOPLE BETTER, YOU ARE A MESS!Fresh Donuts always says good morning would you like to be my friend. I work close to the shop and I love to surprise my co-workers and customers with a warm donut.  The couple that took ownership are very nice and seem to be producing a small following.  The owners are puting in the hard work to build a business and seem to be on the right track.  As the business grows I look forward to giving Rainbow Donuts more stars. Look for a bright purple building, its kind of hard to see if your driving East on McDowell.I was really excited to try this place: old-school donut shop in my new hood? Score!Well, Meh indeed.  The donuts were stale-looking and picked over by the time I got there (11:30am) so I opted for a croissant sandwich.  They went back and made it as I stood there for about ten minutes.  Which I wouldn't have minded if the sandwich was great, but it was just ok--sloppy with lots of cheapo mustard and low-level dairy meats.  I don't plan on going back any time soon, but maybe I'll give it another try early in the morning and see if it's better.I was hopeful that this would be a good experience, but The donuts were just ok...  Nothing special...  Nothing to make me want to return.Two stars for poor customer service. It doesn't matter how good your donuts are, you probably shouldn't ask a pregnant lady if she should be drinking coffee. It's none of your business and quite rude.For the record, everything is okay in moderation, including donuts and a little iced coffee!I told my husband we won't be coming back here.I had really high expectations going into rainbows first of all it is a really sketchy area. Then the employees were really rude did not really help us out when we asked for help. I've had better donuts.Awe man.. This Rainbow led to disappointment.Stopped in for two dozen Saturday morning to treat my work team. 6am and the place was poppin! The donuts are good looking and the place is clean.. Also, I see they sell sandwiches.. Cool! Picked out my teams favorites- long chocolate bars, maple iced, strawberry iced, chocolate iced, and a few others. The actual cooked dough is good. Not very sweet which I imagine some people enjoy, but not me! The not so sweet donuts with icing all tasted the same! I am quite certain their icing is just a thick glaze with food coloring! Zero flavor! Yes, even the chocolate!I was looking forward to that artificial strawberry taste! I feel this place is cheap with their product but not inexpensive for donut lovers! Sorry to tell ya my fellow Yelpers! This rainbow has no gold at the end :(This is a stunning vintage modern showroom with more of the same furnishings for sale inside.  Unfortunately, the owner was rude and indifferent.  Sorry, but for those prices, we want to be treated like A List celebrities.  We'll shop at the more friendlier Mid Century shops in town, thank you very much.The furniture was nice, but I didn't get a welcoming vibe in here at all. First of all, it smells like a dead cat in there -- perhaps it's the mid-century furniture, but whatever, light some incense or something. Second, the guy working there was completely cold. No hello, no how are you, no welcome. He just stared us down the entire time, not saying a word, making sure we didn't touch anything at all. It's a frickin' furniture store! How can you not be allowed to sit on the couches? I don't care if they're vintage or antiques or the like, it's not getting my business.Two stars. The items they carry are fantastic, however, the prices are sky high (although that doesn't mean that isn't room to bargain) and the staff is extremely unfriendly. I would rather shop on Ebay or go pay full price at Lumature or Design Within Reach.Review is based on a billing issue.  I called PNA before going in for blood work and an NT scan to get a quote on the price. I was quoted around $400 for both and the girl said they are not too expensive.  When I received my bill it was for $786.00.  I am very upset that I was billed almost twice what they quoted me.  I would not have gotten the procedure done if I had been quoted the actual price I was charged.  The actual appointment and procedure was a positive experience.It looks like I will be the lone naysayer but I was not too impressed with this place. It was my first exploration into Salvadorian food so it was the best Salvadorian food I have ever had.With that said, the location is a bit hard to find as the parking and entrance are in the rear. We sat down and looked at the menus, which lacked some English descriptions for many items, I can speak enough Spanish to know foods but some important details were missing.I opted to try two things I have never had before. Yucca and pupusa with cheese and layote.   Yucca came with some pits of fried meat that I did not even want and my meat-eating friend did not like. The Yucca itself was good but not too diff rent than a potato wedge fry, I guess starch is starch. My pupusa was a cheese filled flat pocket I did not even see or taste the other filling. It was a bit runny from the cheese and lacked a firmness I expected. I used the accompanying bottle of hot sauce to add some flavor however, the sauce lacked any real heat. The chips and salsa were decent but nothing special. The prices for the pupusas seemed good at $1.75 but the yucca at $5 was a bit steep. I will give this place one my try and I will be going with my native Spanish speaking friend.As others have said this place is hidden barely could see the sign on the front of the building.  The food is decent i ordered the shrimp fajitas the tortillas they use are thick and small making it kind of hard to eat with but they are good. Its overpriced overall for food and service waited 20 min for a refill on my drink and waited over an hr on the food which we went at 11am and hardly anyone was in there.Maybe the current economy has forced Tacos de Juarez to make some cutbacks in the quality of their food, because our recent experience was nowhere near as good as everyone else seems to have had. We live mere blocks from here, so we felt it was about time we tried it. The chips and tostada base tasted off, as if the oil they were fried in was a little rancid. The cheese on the cheese crisp was plentiful- and pretty oily. My husband called the cheese in his chile relleno the most tasteless he had ever had, as was the relleno batter. I ordered a #1, but wanted to substitute a hard taco for the cheese enchilada. I checked the a la carte prices, and knew that the taco was actually less expensive, so I was sure I wasn't going to be screwing them over. I can't tell you how long it took me to try and explain what I wanted to our server. I'm sure there are those who would say it's my fault for not speaking Spanish. Anyway, I ended up getting my tostada and the hard taco, but no taquito, and no rice and beans. Then another 10 minutes of my life went by as I tried to explain again what I had ordered when the server asked if everything was alright, but that really, no one needed to bring me out any more food. I had had enough by that point and knew it would already be a Pepcid AC kind of night. The cook and the server argued and finally the server understood that she had gotten my order wrong. They comped my food, which wasn't necessary, but they insisted. My taco and tostada were just alright. The beans in the tostada were cold, which I am not used to.We've had everything better somewhere else, and feel no need to return.What a disappointment!After reading these reviews and even hearing good (not great) reviews for a couple family members, we headed her this Sunday.  First off, I thought the service was mediocre to poor.  Not friendly, no smiles, and they never came back to the table except to take the order and deliver the food.  No water, no extra chips for the table of four, nothing.My wife tried the Huevos Rancheros, which were okay, not terrific.  Congealed eggs versus over easy, but a big tortilla.  $6-7 bucks, so didn't break the bank.I had the two enchiladas and shredded taco plate, about $10.  Overpriced, greasy, and just not very good.  Gut bomb was more like it.My daughter had two shredded beef tacos for $4, filling.  My son had a $4 or so bean an cheese burrito, again just okay.Re-fried beans were paste, and more lard than beans it tasted like.  Rice was good, not great.Anyway, not even in the top 1/2 of mexican restaurants I've been to.  Definitely not in the top 3-4 like many reviews seem to indicate. I live downtown, so only about 5 min from here.  I really wanted this to become my favorite new place.  But when a place is in a just okay neighborhood, dirt driveway, and mediocre to poor interior, man, their food and service needs to shine.And they just don't.I won't be back.  By the way, If anyone wants to know my favorite Mexican owned and operated, not ritzy but excellent food place in Phoenix, head to Las Glorias south of Northern on 19th Avenue.  Better value, better food, better decor, and way better service.Considering the high reviews on the Web, this restaurant must be under new management... Every ingredient tastes like it came out of a can, nothing tastes fresh or homemade. Every type of meat was dry and tasteless, while the beans, rice and produce felt like they opened the cans days before. Luckily, meals are inexpensive... The meal wasn't terrible, but easily forgettable. I can't think of a reason to dine here again considering the caliber of restaurants in the area.Gonna have to give this one a "no thanks" I'm afraid.Went today at lunch with a couple of co-workers, and the food was totally underwhelming.Nothing "special" at all about any of the items.  The guacamole seemed to have some sour cream in it to stretch it - tasted very bland.  Red and green salsa served with run-of-the-mill chips did nothing for us.Meat in all the dishes was tender but not very flavorful.  Shrimp Diabla sauce was neither hot nor very tasty.All in all, a disappointing lunch.  Won't be back, and with all the good options in town for excellent Mexican food, I was sad that we did not find a good new place to frequent.After eating mind (and ass) blowing Mexican food at numerous Phoenix area eateries, I was totally DTG (down to gorge) at Tacos De Juarez. Unfortunately, I was rather disappointed by the food, which was relatively bland and uninspired compared to some of what I've eaten even at some nondescript roadside taco joints in Arizona. The breakfast burrito was particularly boring. I think I could have made a better one myself. I really hate to be all negative, but I had very high expectations for Mexican eating in AZ, and a bad meal is a substantial chunk out of a very small handful of meals I was able to have while there. I'm afraid I have to recommend giving this place a miss, unless you're hungry and happen to be in the vicinity, though I can't imagine that description applying to any location in the greater Phoenix area whatsoever.Stopped in here for lunch on our first day in Phoenix.Ice cold Corona's at $4 a pop. Nice.A bowl of fresh and warm nacho chips with two types of salsa was served with the menus. Nice.My other half had the shrimp cocktail. She said she liked it. Nice.I had the shrimp with a butter/lemon sauce that came with a salad, rice and beans, and a flour tortilla. It tasted great, but they lose a star because they did not deshell any of the shrimp. Not nice......The food was pretty good - the salsa was SUUUUUUUUUPER HOT and deelish!!!  The service?  Blegh...made us feel as if we were putting her out by asking for more iced tea, soda, whatevs.  No warmth, friendliness, nothin'!  Girlfriend made me miss out on some flan because we feared we would never see her again or would have to wait 15-20 minutes for her to get it...and you don't make me miss out on flan +serious face+.Would go back again, but will not go at the same time...I've passed this place numerous times on my way out to First Fridays, so when I saw a groupon for it I quickly jumped on the deal.  I thought it was a regular taco shop, and didn't realize it was an actual restaurant until I got inside.  The place was pretty messy looking, and chairs were a straight up and down, not so comfortable to sit in. Our waiter came around and he was super friendly and came out with some chips and salsa.  Chips and salsa weren't anything special, kind of tasted bland.  We ordered margarita's, one regular lime on the rocks, and the other a spicy mango one.  Both of those were really good.  We both ordered a chimichanga, one chicken the other green chili beef, also very bland tasting. I wouldn't go back, just cause the food is bland, and the ambiance was kind of stale and weird.had the two flautas lunch special. first of all fluatas are flour not corn tortilla, next the shredded beef inside was very dry and i swear they were frozen they loooked too perfect. beans lacked salt, rice was super dry, guacamole lacked salt and flavor, and the salsas that come with chips before the meals ALSO lacked flavor and salt. people! a proper salsa has ROASTED chilis! this looks like its from a can. who knows. i was so disappointed but ate my food like i was taught to do ;(If Jan Bland wasn't so incredibly amazing I would never step foot in this office again. The front office staff is so beyond unprofessional and incompetent it blows my mind. How they still have jobs is a mystery to me. I've worked in the healthcare field for over 7 years and never in my life have people messed up so much. They forget to put charts up leaving patients to sit in the waiting room, put charts in wrong doctors spots forcing the doctors to come up questioning where their patients are at. Again Jan Bland is beyond amazing just wish the office manager would grow a backbone and fire her check in girlsI actually go there for psych as my previous psychiatrist recommended the Dr. when she moved out of state.  My first visit, the girls at the front desk were arguing over who put the files back because they weren't in alphabetical order.  Then one of the girls told the other girl she was going to punch her in her face.  I was shocked that anyone would EVER talk like that in front of patients. In addition, their billing office is completely separate from the office, so whenever I go in & try to describe what an HSA is, & that they shouldn't be charging me the self pay rate, their eyes glaze over.  Finally, I had to tell her that I'm way overpaid on my account & I wasn't going to pay another $125.00 for the visit until it balances out.

I live in Mountains Edge and I usually just get Mcdonalds iced French vanilla coffee and it's just okay. I decided to try this place because since it is so close I thought it'd be my new coffee shop. I went right before work at around 7:30am . There was one car at the window in front of me and another behind them. After the first car made their order they moved up a couple feet to WAIT for it to come up.

. I am surprised this place remains a hot spot for "ladies who lunch" when there are much better offerings elsewhere.The location and setting are lovely. I'm giving it a low score for service. We placed a beverage order as soon as we arrived. The temperature outside was quite warm, despite the misters. We waited 20 minutes and still no drinks were brought. I ordered a Diet Coke and mom a lemonade. Finally I had to flag down a different server and ask to have our beverages brought to us.The Shrimp Pesto salad had a skewer of 5 little shrimp, was cold and bland. No pesto anywhere. The Strawberry Chicken salad. Mine had generous helping of chicken but was drenched in a sugary dressing with very little flavor. The mixed greens certainly were not a mix! Overall I was disappointed with the food and service.Based on prior visits, I scheduled a little lunch here for some friends. We had a reservation and were seated promptly at 11:30am. Before I go further, it was NOT crowded at all. At 11:50 we finally received water and our drink order was given (but never received.) At 11:55 we asked to see a menu for lunch which started at noon. We were told we could either have breakfast or lunch but no combination - that's acceptable, but we wish we'd known that when we were seated. At 12:00 noon our server finally appeared to take our orders and we chose breakfast. I realize everyone has a bad day, but our server was not friendly, helpful, interested in us, or timely. Our food was delivered about 12:15pm. The french toast and the crepes were both quite good (hence the 2-star review) but the breakfast potatoes seemed straight from the can with a red coating and the bread pudding was soggy. No mention of baby cakes or dessert or coffee/tea or the original drink order placed. Service was so sluggish and unfriendly my guests could not believe I had suggested this place. Of course a poor review will not harm your stellar reputation, but I do hope that you'll pay closer attention to the smaller tables visiting your establishment on a Saturday morning.Overrated.  Service was VERY slow.  Atmosphere  felt amazing however the air of snootiness overcame the serenity and it became a very disappointing experience.  It felt like we crashed a Red Hat tea party, big YAWN !    The salad was fine but believe me you were paying TOP dollar for some lettuce.  If you are over 55 and looking to lunch with the ladies this is a perfect spot, otherwise many other places would be a better choice.This restaurant is aesthetically beautiful, but they continue to disappoint, this was my third visit for brunch, I requested a table they said was unavailable therefore they put me in a room where I was the only one seated. The table I initially requested was never set for the duration of my time eating my breakfast. I requested potatoes they arrived when I had completed my Croque madame, they apologized for the oversight yet they did not take the $3.00 charge off of my ticket. If this place had the food quality of Fa'me caffe or LGO it would be packed because of it's charm! They continue to miss.Originally, I had gone here with a group of friends. It was a rainy day in the spring and they had a few cancellations. They were nice enough to squeeze our group of four in on the patio. The service was extremely slow but I wrote it off because we were an unexpected party. This weekend I had a group of 8 meeting here. I called in the morning to try and change my 11:30am reservation to 7 guests. I couldn't get through all morning, when I finally did the lady who answered the phone informed me that they were closed due to a circuit breaker issue in the kitchen and that the manager called all the people who had reservations. I did not get a call from anyone regarding this issues. So at 11am on a busy Sunday I had to find a new place for me and six other people to get into. I will say the food was very good the first time I went. But the service and this very inconvenient event probably won't have me returning.Food's always been good, the service and speed is a bit more hit and miss than I am used to even for Taco Bell.   Also not pleased with the grillers being priced above a buck now.  I liked em at 99 cents!It's a sportsbar, so I know I can't be too picky, but Majerle's could add at least one or two decent microbrews (Shock Top does NOT count) and they could freaking turn down the awful music mix during halftime at 2 pm on Saturday to sub-ear bleeding levels.Great service, though! That should be mentioned.So everyone in Old Town has been waiting for a good sports bar forever. When everyone heard Thunder Dan was coming to town the excitement starting buzzing. Well this time Thunder Dan didn't hit this buzzer beater.First off it does get two stars for a reason so lets start there. The atmosphere is great. The venue is super cool and there is tons of tvs. Thats pretty much where it stops. The food isn't great and is relatively slow. I have had a burger, wings, the chicken quesadilla and a couple of other things which didn't impress me. Plus the service was super slow...This kind of reminds me of the Suns-Bulls series super exciting but just misses the mark of greatness. I am sticking with my old faithful two blocks away Zipps.You know, this was just OK in every single aspect.  They have a very so so menu out side the appetizers.  I have been to the Phoenix location over and over getting drinks and appetizers.  It has always been good for that, but what a disappointment.  I was there with a group of 6.  Nothing came out warm except the last plate that was special order.  I had to ask over and over to get service and the food was not good.   Visiting the dark color bar during the day time was like seeing being at Disneyland while it was closed, dirty and empty.  Really just made for drinking, not eating there.  It would be 1 start, but they do have a ton of TV's and the appetizers are not bad.I went yesterday to watch the Chicago and Houston football game with some friends.  I arrived after they have finished eating, but the food left on their plates did not appealing.  So, I ordered a Long Beach Tea, which is similar to the Long Island but instead they put a splash of cranberry on top.  I liked that drink, but the waitress did not come back with my change (after I gave her a $20.00).  When she finally arrived back to the table, I had to remind her that I gave her a $20.00 a needed my change, she apologized.  I must say, that that type of stuff does happen especially when a place is busy.  For food I went to enjoy slices at the two pizza restaurants just around the corner (see reviews)At the end of the game they switched some of the tvs over to 80s videos, which is throughly enjoyed and started to do my signature Sexy Robot move to!I do not think I will be back.  I will just check out El Hefe next time.CheersI have been to this Majerle's a couple times and have also been to the one in downtown Phoenix. I will say, I am not a fan. I went with my family earlier this week for my brother's going away dinner. My brothers love this place....not sure why, but they do. We were there during happy hour, so at least the prices were reasonable. One of my brother's got the gorilla wings and I had one....they are sort of bland and nothing too special. I also tried one barbeque wing that I did not care for. My mom got a reuben and said it was one of the worst she has had and that she makes better at home....and my mom is not terribly picky. Their one good quality was that they carry Four Peaks Peach, which I like. This is not a place I would choose to spend my money in again.Came a friday night at around midnight for some drinks with friends. REALLY LOUD techno music with a sad story from Fox News playing on all the TV screens. I just can't figure out this bar out. From the looks of this scarce bar, neither can anyone else. Shame because it looks like a great sports bar during the day. They just need to figure out their night scene.Slow, inattentive service. Chicken tortilla soup was, essentially, flavorless. Fish tacos had so little fish they should be called slaw/cheese tacos with a fish garnish. Overall, I was underwhelmed. Go for the wine and beer - stick to apps.Went here for happy hour with a friend and was a little unimpressed. The beer was a tad skunky. Had a dos equis on tap and a bud light. Both tasted funny. Ordered the chicken fingers and they seemed not fully cooked. The place is nice, and in a nice area, but wasnt super impressed. The happy hour prices were good, but then again the product was to be deisred.I'm sitting here wondering how long it'll take the server to come by. She's spent most of her time talking around the front desk. I guess if you want to pay someone to just stand around you have the right people. If you want service don't come here.,Good spot right in the central old town / downtown area to watch sports. 20+ TV's showing all different games. Wings are good too. Bartenders are real nice.The slight problems are somewhat ample though:

- Location is prime if you're interested in going out to Mill Ave, Scottsdale, go to ASU, etc.

Then you will feel riiight at home.blech.I ate here twice during my stay at the Hard Rock. Lunch wasn't as bad but the 2nd time back for dinner was less than stellar. The restaurant was absolutely dead and the hostess insisted I sit at the bar/counter. I told her no as I wanted to have a table. She sat me but wasn't very pleased. My waitress was nice enough although I thought it was odd that she decided mid-meal that she had to refill my sugar and salt/pepper shaker even though the entire restaurant was less than 5% occupied. You couldn't wait the 10 mins til I was going to be out? Really?Food isn't 'cheap' but as least casual and semi-quick service.I had eaten here about a year ago, after being out late.  Their Chinese soup was delicious.  We had heard about their 777 special (Steak and Shrimp for $7.77) so we decided to come back for lunch after a UNLV graduation.  The waitress was terrible.  I wish I could remember her name so I could warn other potential patrons.  She took our order, checked on us once and then never returned until we asked the hostess for our waitress.  We were parched the entire meal.  A few of the other entrees we ordered were, an open faced turkey sandwich (good), cheese pizza (gross, no flavor), breakfast plate (my daughter go sick afterwards), and the 777 special was ok.  I don't think I'll ever return.My buddies and I ordered the Gambler's Special, which is something off the menu. It was $7.77, and it came with a 4 oz piece of steak, three shrimps on a skewer, and a few dollops of mashed potatoes. It also came with a small side salad. The food was good, but I was a little let down with the portion size. I guess we really did get what we paid for. Not bad, though!The reason why I gave it a 2 star is because I felt like we had a neglectful server. He didn't come to our table at all during our meal, and that means no refills. No one came to our table for a good 25-30 minutes, actually, and we were waiting for a while to pay for our meal. Not trying to act all snobby or anything (we could have easily came up to the counter to pay), but our excuse was that we were on vacation.Bottomline: I'm sure there are better options, and I wouldn't mind coming back to try them out. Hopefully we don't get the same server.Place wasnt that crowded so we decided to go for lunch. I had the 4 cheese pizza and my boyfriend had the 777 (shrimp, steak, and potato). My pizza was good. the steak on the 777 was dry and tough. Our service was super slow. Wont be going back there again.This place sucks ass.It's a poor excuse for a Vegas 24/7 diner.  The AYCE prime rib for $9.99 and steak and eggs for $4.99 earned them another star.  Stay away if you're not staying at the Hard Rock.  I felt pretty unlucky leaving this joint.  Should've jumped in a taxi and taken my chances at any other of the 100,000,000 eateries in Vegas.I would say there are so many better late night diners than this place. While I love HRH and go almost weekly (best cocktail service ever), this diner is just awful Its a tourist trap for sure.. I have yet to get a well made omelet, REAL hash browns, warm toast or a decent cup of coffee. All staples of the late night fare. Mr. Luckys misses the boat on all of these simple staples. And it aint cheap either! My husband and I paid over 30 bucks for this awful fare. Service was less than attentive as well. Vacant servers, serving bad breakfast food just isnt worth it to us  just because its a "hipster" (fake hipster) place.. Ill stick with El Cortez' diner. Not as "cool" but, yes..INCREDIBLE late night breakfast for dirt cheap and great egg special cooked perfectly for 5 bucks a plate.  And downtown is the new cool hang after all. Sorry Mr. Luckys....you've lost your way for the sake of cashing in from the tourists; you're missing the local market big time.Second time I have eaten here, and the food was forgettable both times.  I am in Vegas a lot (about 8-10x/year) for work.  Went there one work trip for dinner with some other friends in town for same convention, and I went again about 2 weeks ago for breakfast. They were accommodating and nice overall, but the service was reaaaallllyyyyy sloooooooowwwwwwwwwwww (note: as slow as it took for you to read all those extra letters, or what you are currently reading in this parenthesis), and the food was bland.  I don't even actually have any idea what I had there for dinner first time I was there. I understand this place is "Mr Luckys" and not "Mr Chow" (in Beverly Hills), but I would hope that one person paying $30 for breakfast would end up with something a little tastier.  If the prices were lower for the quality of the food, I would probably give it a star or two more, but I was just not that excited and won't be back there unless I am forced to (again) by lack of options and a furious hunger that can't be cured by POP Chips from the overpriced tourist convenience store.Your basic Denny's breakfast classics, with better but not top shelf ingredients.  Hard to get excited by oatmeal with brown sugar, even if it is "organic."  Expensive, but WTF, you better be "up"  in the town known as Lost Wages, and you know, the Hard Rock has to pay their energy bill on time.I went to Lucky's in November of 2010 and wasn't really impressed.  The price was good.  However the prime rib that I had look wonderful and the first few bites where then in got very tough and hard to chew.  Again the prices are good for a budget but you really do get what you pay for here.Not much to say, not a bargain.  If I were in the HRH and hungry, I'd swing around the corner and hit Pink Taco.  Better meal, same hotel.Bad place for breakfast the bill was pricy and the food was ok but not the greatest!I really didn't have a good experience at this place. My friends and I ordered their $7.77 steak special and we asked for medium rare and it came out over cooked! The steak was so chewy I didn't want to eat anymore after a few bites.

   - Chips were really good and fresh; the guac on the other hand was spicy and no flavorSteak Tacos

First I reserved a room with a view of the High Roller, even paid a little extra for it. Got to our room, it's on the total other side of the hotel. We had a view of the Mirage volcano so I didn't make a fuss. When I got in the room, the a/c didn't seem to be working. We fiddled with it and finally got in blowing but it never got below 76 even though we had it set at 65 (we like it cold). The couch in the room was FILTHY! I mean black and dirty on the cushions, arms and back. I didn't sit in it or set my luggage on it. The windows were so dirty it was honestly hard to see out them. The carpet in the hallways was coming up and ripped, and the carpet in our rooms was stained and dirty like the couch. All the give you for toiletries is a bar of soap and 1 combo shampoo/conditioner. There's no mini bar or snack center in the room. The picture on the tv was so black we could hardly see it and the "menu" setting was disabled so we couldn't  adjust it.

This is a great lesson learned,  I will never shop at an unfamiliar store in the future until I read the Yelp reviews. I also will never shop at Jos A Banks again.   I should have shopped at Tommy Bahama's as I have in the past.I had my car detailed at Pit Stop recently. First, I had to make an appointment, and it was two months ago I called. Yep, they could not fit me in for TWO MONTHS. When I got there, I noticed that they have a shop area inside where they do work. Or so I thought. Actually, they detailed the car out in the (112 degrees today) sun. And when I got there to pick it up, there were wax goobers on the car, and there were some places where there was calcification or something on the paint which came off with gentle rubbing with my fingernail. Detail? Maybe. Attention to detail? Not so much. Inside the car, it was clean, but they left haze on the instrument cluster that I had to wipe off. The price for this lack of detailing is high. I can get the same basic service for about a quarter of what they charge. Ouch! And their high price for this service did not include detailing the engine compartment (an attempted upsell), and did not include shampooing the carpets. Really? Totally unimpressed.I hate writing bad reviews and I usually don't but after seeing all of these 5 stars I'm suspicious. I went in recently for lunch. The salsa was bland. Thick, hard chips. I ordered a cheese enchilada and chicken flautas. Boring. Bland. And my stomach hurt after. I don't know what people see here but I won't be back. If they can't wow me with a few basic items I am not wasting any time or money to try anything else. Plus the service was eh. I had to go up front to pay after sitting there for 10 minutes.Sorry, very disappointing. The Salsa was ok, very mild and watery. The chips were decent, no complaint there. My wife ordered beef tacos and I ordered a Chimy. The beef was absolutely tasteless. The red sauce was pale and just as flavorless and didn't even cover the chimy . If you really want flavorful Mexican food.. This is not the place for you. If you cant stand spicy Mexican but you want to see a plate that looks like it has mexican food on it, then this is the place for you. The real tell tale sign was when i saw a couple with a toddler that were feeding her spoons of the rice.Place was just so so, service was kinda slow and the  food didn't impress, was kinda blandWow I don't get these reviews. We tried this place because of the 4 star reviews - it is far from it. The server was nice, food was just alright, the place was a dingy dive. I hate giving poor reviews but they should be real, accurate and helpful. I really wish the place was a 4 star :(Just a basic mexican food place, nothing special. Food is bland needs more seasoning. Maby they tone it down for the winter visitors. Or maby people really do not know what mexican food should taste like. If you want bomb mexican food in the east mesa side go to dos los gringos or Elviras.Not your every day Mexican fare, went with my reviewing 15 yo twins. They eat everything. Must be honest, I had Tamales they looked nice but thought they may have come from a can.  Immediately thought "where's the beef" bland taste, refried beans were ok, salsa was ok, thank God for the margarita.  For a strip mall Resteraunt, not the best value for your buck.I had an appointment at CVC in Scottsdale this afternoon.  I arrived 25 minutes before my appointment time, registered, sat down and then was called back up to the front desk.  The girl gave me a form to fill out and keep until I was called into the exam room.  About 15 minutes later the front desk girl called me up again to tell me the doctor was running 1 hour to 1 1/2 hours behind schedule and would a like to wait or re-schedule.  You know 1 1/2 hours will stretch to 2 hours.  I said no and I re-scheduled.  I didn't think to ask why I wasn't called ahead of time to let me know so I wouldn't have wasted a trip.  After I got home I rec'd a call from CVC and was asked why I left the office after checking in.  I related the story to this person and said I wasn't going to wait that long.  She asked if I wanted to re-schedule.  I told her to look at my record.  She did and said "Oh I see you re-scheduled".  Duhhh.  I love Dr. Damien but their front office is horrible.  I am thinking of finding another cardiologist.It pains me to write this because I have never had a bad experience at a Port of Subs. However, this store became the exception to my rule this week. I went at lunch time so it was understandably busy but I wasn't greeted or acknowledged until I was served. I order the vegetarian sandwich. This is where my visit went downhill. This particular location only has one meat/cheese cutter--which means that the meat AND the cheese are sliced on the same machine--which means that even their "vegetarian sandwich" is going to have meat goo on it. BUMMER. This is a deal breaker for me but because I had already waited so long to be served I didn't have time to go anywhere else to get food. As I was checking out, I was charged for the avocado I asked for on my sandwich even though it states on the menu that it is included. The less-than-helpful cashier argued with me about it and at the end, I still ended up getting charged. Absolutely, positively will not be returning to this location.I really wasn't impressed with the service or the food.Not so hot. Been in their for pick up several times, was Ok. Kind of baffled as to why, when I used their online order for delivery, it accepted my order and no order arrived. Called and found out why. They made the order, but they don't delivery on weekends. Not delivery on Saturday? Really? Aren't Friday and Saturday heavy revenue days? Can't really believe that when an online order occurred clearly stating delivery and they did not delivery, they still made it? Very disappointing that even basic curiosity isn't extended to at least call and inform the customer no food.HORRIBLE, SLOW service. The only reason I gave them 2 stars is because, well, I'm too nice. I rarely, if ever, complain in restaurants, preferring to rant afterwards to my fellow diners. But I just couldn't let it go this time. The second star was earned because the manager acknowledged waiting over an hour to get our food was unacceptable and discounted a portion of the meal. It was a shame the experience sucked because my dad was looking forward to seeing his visiting grandchildren get a kick out of the teppanyaki chef.Small store, aquarium section has a very minimum number of salt water items.  If you need anything more than food, or extrememly basic items, you may want to consider another pet supply storeTwo stars for petco, NONE for petco grooming. I'll start with the groomers. I took my dog here because my usual place was closed on a monday and I needed my dogs face trimmed and her ears cleaned. Staff was okay when it comes to being friendly...proffessional? hmm...not so much. First of all, the dogs don't need to be dragged across the floor if you need to come to the front to greet a customer. and leaving one strapped on a table and walking away? a disaster waiting to happen. what I thought was sad was a golden in the back sitting there for forever being blown in the face to dry. who knows how long the poor dog was back their before i arrived or after i left. As for how my dog turned out, my four year old son could have done a better job. 21 $ for a facial chop job .. never again. the store itself is okay. okay prices, usually have what im looking for in stock. the staff is okay. sometimes i find them talking amongst themselves in the corner instead of taking care of customers, but whatever. I don't believe this store should sell live animals. their cages reek and the employees do not educate the future owners on how to properly take care of the animals.One more thing, they place live crickets in little plastic containers that you can find at the back of the store. Only the containers are about two months old, and the crickets are dead. I know they are just crickets, but come on!We had been shopping at Petco for a while and finally we had enough. We walked in to buy dog chips, they have a 1lb bag for 14 and a 8 oz bag for 6.99. We grabbed the 8 oz bag like we always do with the price listed as 6.99 and made our way to the register. Upon waiting in line for 5 minutes while the tattoo manager sat messing with bags and after we said hello how's your night we were finally rung up. Of course the price came up as 15 and change. When we questioned them about pricing she seemed to not even care, but ordered another employee who was diligently working on something else to go fetch the price sticker. Another employee stepped out to ask if she needed any assistance and she berated the man with an insult. As the line then formed and backed up she proceeded to then call for back up help on the register. Finally the young girl comes back and says yeah its 14 for a 1lb and 6.99 for the 8 oz. So I politely thank her and the manager says that will be 14. I pointed to the bag which is clearly labeled as 8 oz. I then said no thank you and proceeded to leave. Upon us exiting the store I stepped in dog crap in the store, and the manager then said well I can sell you this for 6.99 I want you to buy it here instead of somewhere else. Again I said no thank you and we drove the extra mile up to PetSmart. Got more chips for the same price, and was greeted with a nice clean store, friendly service, to the point that now we only bring our business there. The Petco has never been really friendly but their convenient location and prices were okay. Then again PetSmart is cheaper and friendly.I visited Vetco clinics held inside this Petco twice now. I do not recommend them for too many reasons to list here.  I believe some good customer service training for Vetco Clinic team leaders would go along way, especially since they let customers know that they are not held accountable by Petco management. (You have to contact "corporate" if you want to complain.) Biggest complaint is what appears to be apathy on part of team leaders.  Maybe I'm used to having vets who welcome pet owners and their pets because most vets seem to have a passion for animals. I realize Vetco only provides vaccinations, but they should still provide good, compassionate service, especially for charging as much as they do.Petco always gets a 5 star rating.  It's too bad that Petco has to be associated with Vetco poor customer service, since Vetco holds their vaccination clinics inside Petco stores.Just got home with my drink. It felt lighter than usual, so I opened the cup and my drink was only filled up halfway. Seriously? You charge all that money for a drink and can't fill it up?Always out of something...lids, straws, cups, stopper, milk, soy milk, toppings...if it's not one it's the other and it's got OLD a LOnG time ago! I hate it.I love this Starbucks but always such long lines. I feel 20 to 30 min to wait for a coffee is way too long!! Drive thru is always a long wait. Walk inside and think it's shorter. Think again. Another Starbucks needs to be opened in this area. I'll start driving further out to go to the ones in grocery stores. Ridiculous.Like my previous review. Staff is great!!! Just my quick cup of coffee before work or going somewhere isn't quick anymore and I have to skip going to this Starbucks all together now. I only go if I have time.This is a great location with so much potential for growth however the customer service is atrocious!!! It takes over 20 minutes to get through the drive through and just as long if you go inside. I have worked at multiple Starbucks locations and am extremely disappointed in this location. While the employees are courteous they have no sense of urgency. If it weren't for the fact that the closest Starbucks is over 10 miles away I would have found a new Starbucks by now.Love the drinks and the staff is always friendly but every time I go which is a couple times a week I have to wait 20+ minutes whether inside or in the drive thru.  I wish we had another coffee option in our area.Everytime I come to deposit checks I have to wait at least 15 minutes. Don't go on saturday mornings. They have one teller working. As I write this there are 7 people in line and one teller who is chatting everyone up and taking his time. He even has other employees helping him. I am not sure he knows what he is doing. They need to have more people working here that actually know what they are doing.Ok, so I've been to my fair share of mediocre nail salons. I'm really not the kind of picky person who needs to have the best service and care...I just want my toes and/or fingers to come out looking nicely. Which they did, in this case, but I just can't get over the price.The setup of Lillian's is actually very nice and a little different than the traditional Asian nail place (sorry, but that's what it is). It was refreshing, in a way. And I would expect to pay $20-25 for just a pedicure. But $5 extra to have my callouses worked on? Isn't that supposed to be part of a regular pedicure? I was just surprised and it was not what I was expecting at all. It seems like a good place if you want to get in and out during the day, and the women were really professional, but I just can't get over that price stinger.Decent. This was my first time here.Went in for an acrylic fill and repair. Nail station was dirty, technician was snippy. The whole station (and others) were poorly kept. The fake nails from the client before me were still on the table when I arrived and stayed there my entire appointment. My nail technician hurt my nails many times when she was working on me, and paid no attention.Don't bother making an appointment because they don't stick to a schedule. Also, beware that when getting a pedicure they will likely cut your cuticles until you bleed. I'm not sure why I keep coming back... Probably out of sheer convenience as it's so close to my house.The technicians do a good job, but the customer service is poor. Appointment times are not kept and though they advertise walk-in service, they aren't appreciative of them as they will make a walk-in wait much longer than estimated & are dismissive to them. Too bad, great location & fairly nice salon.Let me preface this review by noting that I absolutely adore Carl's Jr! They make the best chain burger in the country and the lack of Carl's Jr in my current city of Cleveland,OH is enough to send a man into a deep depression. However, since this review is for this specific location, I have to overlook my fondness for CJ to say that this is perhaps one of the most poorly run fast food restaurants I have ever been to. I used to work near this location so this is coming from regular visits to this specific store. The staff are unfriendly (bordering on rude) and the service is slower than molasses in January. More often than not they get the order wrong as well. So, as much as I love CJ, a short trip to a different location is well worth the drive.This only gets two stars because I love Carl's Jr. This one really lacks in everything. Cold food, crappy service. But, I keep going, not sure why.You would think a simple order of 4 cheese burgers plain and a large onion ring would be easy but apparently not, after telling the cashier taking the order 3 times they ha to confirm the order 2 more times.Spend a few extra bucks and hit up smash burgerThe service itself was good. The employee was pleasant. The bun of the grilled chicken sandwich I had was stale. When a customer asks for "a little" extra mayo the chicken shouldn't slide off the bun as soon as I unwrap it. But my largest complaint here is the lack of cleanliness. Nearly every table was dirty. And in the 30 minutes here eating and very few customers..,no employee bothered to walk around and wipe down tables. My last time here. I'll go to the one on Hunt Highway. Much much better there!The service was mediocre most of my food look like it had been sitting out, the manager was very impatient and I felt pressured to rush while placing my order with him *Tony*We ordered pizza for delivery from here several times a year ago and each time it was a soggy greasy mess so we quit using them and started using another delivery place for our twice monthly "pizza nights".This weekend we decided to give them another try since it had been so long since we have had Barro's. Our pizza was delivered and both pizza's were a soggy greasy mess and this time they were cold.The wings were good but we didn't enjoy the pizza at all. Back to the other place for our pizza deliveries.picked up an order to go.  The manager at the register was very charismatic and helpful.  He said give about 15 mins and it will be up.  25 mins later I went back to the counter and he saw me and went back and got order right out.  The conversation going on from the kitchen area was not very appropriate, especially when people are easily within earshot.  I watched a couple orders be made and did not see anyone wash their hands moving from one order to the next.  A girl working the counter made a salad and took it in back to eat it.  As people came in she would come out to greet them, but was still chewing food while she did so. The food was good, but the customer service was not that good.  They need a leader in there, and better food handling skills.Pizza is great here and I've been a loyal customer. Today we ordered pizza for delivery and the girl on the phone was extremely rude. I am disappointed at the lack of professionalism and the extra attitude. I asked for no marinara on the pizza, white sauce instead, and she informed me they never put marinara sauce on the pizza. I asked what she was talking about and she said they put pizza sauce on the pizzas, same thing......  This is the last time we'll be ordering from Barros.Good pizza but.... a 40 minute wait on 2 take out pizzas turned into a one hour wait.  There were about  10 others waiting as long or longer than me for pickup orders when they quoted  40 minutes for pickup.  I arrived about 35 minutes into my quoted time then spent a hour waiting.   :o)The only reason this place got higher than 1 star is because the food was good. We got here at 6pm, ordered two XL pizzas, an order of wings, 5 drinks and three salad bars. The soda machine had barely any ice in it, and the kid filling it up took 10 minutes to put three bags of ice in it. The salad bar was empty the whole time we were here, so I didn't even get half a salad. It is now 7:48pm and we still have yet to receive all of our food. One pizza is here, but that's after we complained to four different staff members that it had been over an hour since we ordered and didn't get our food yet. I will never EVER come back to this place. I don't care how good the food is, I will never recommend this place to anyone. Terrible service, snotty staff. The owner really needs to be in here and get someone trained, because obviously nobody who works here is.I called this morning and FIRST asked what your shop hourly rate is ? The polite response was $90 / hour. I was not thinking it would be the same as legal fee's or a doctor's office hourly rate ? Last I checked these professions required 6-8 years of college education and strict legal boards in order to acquire the license to practice. Not to mention insurance as well as staff payroll. So without wasting anyone's time I suggest the first question you ask any auto repair shop is what is your hourly rate ?Do you want to pay $500 for your cat to get three shots? This is the place for you!! They will try to hook you into follow-up treatment because they just cannot get enough cash out of you in just one appointment. Is it odd that a shot costs $100? Not here. That's just run of the mill regular. This place makes me understand why people just let their animals suffer until the last moment. They are no friend to animals. They are a capitalistic racket with profit as their only motive. RUN far away to a mom and pop shop where the vet and staff is not worried about padding their bill and reaching their sales goals.BTW, when you explain to them that the cost is prohibitive, they kindly offer payment plans and credit cards. They think that is equal to finding a treatment plan that is affordable and ABSOLUTELY necessary. Oh, and the $175 in-house blood test is a complete RIPOFF!! I do not recommend!Why on earth did Guy Fieri and DD&D come here? I have 100% no idea. Food is actually just fine, but there are thousands upon thousands of places like this. Might as well show gas stations with A&Ws and other fast food chains in them. Nothing stands out here. Please don't make a special trip here, however I guess if you're getting gas and hungry, it's ok. Not worthy of broadcasting on TV for sure. In fact, makes me question the whole DD&D show.Ok let me try this again. This is no longer the same Roberto's that was featured on Food Network. It is def under new management and/or ownership. If you go to robertosaz.com it only has the Anthem location listed and that actually explains everything to me. The staff here is not friendly and there is no one from the old crew here anymore its been like this for awhile now maybe almost a year. I kept coming back thinking that maybe with the changes eventually stuff would work itself out and get back to normal. That didnt happen here and I gave the place many many chances. It really makes me sad after going here for like a decade knowing it wasn't the same I still kept coming back here. You know what they say old habits die hard!?! They really do I was like a kid that kept going back to that mean dog and pulling its tail over and over again while ending up bit every damn time! This was the last straw for me last night. I always order the same thing here...again creature of habit. They have tried this before but they usually work with me this time the cashier tried to nickel and dime me where I ended up with a $10 burrito!! Are you fucking kidding me here!?!?! The cashier had no care what so ever on what I had to say it still ended up being wayyy overpriced. I'm looking for a new place now I learned my lesson and wont waste any more time on this place getting mediocre food!So I totally should've read the reviews before I went to lunch today.  I wanted to cross off another place on my triple D list so Roberto's is close to my work so I went to check it out.  I ordered the El Pastor plate which has meat, rice, lettuce, beans, and a tortilla.  The El Pastor meat was actually good I enjoyed that but the rice and beans were really bland.  I judge a Mexican restaurant by how their rice and beans are because if they care about those items then there is usually a lot of love in the food.  So overall this is just another run of the mill Mexican restaurant and it's in a gas station so no points there either.  I will have to go to Anthem to try the real Roberto's so I can really cross it off my list.I have to agree with the other reviews, this place used to be so much better!My hubs & I 1st tried it over 2 years ago & loved it. We stopped by for dinner last Thursday for the 1st time in months. I can't say there's a huge difference in the way the food tastes, but I can definitely say service is lacking! Any way, we always get the same thing-carne asada burritos. They were pretty good . But I do feel like we were over-charged & they only print a receipt with the total so who knows what they add on. If I'm ever in Anthem I will have to check out the original owners new place, they were so nice & will be missed in Phoenix!So I ordered a carne asada quesadilla, having ordered quesadillas in many restaurants I was disappointed when I got home and I got a quesadilla no sour cream no salsa no guacamole just a plain dry quesadilla.  Also they are not very friendly so I have no reason to go back.Disappointed to say the least.  I thought I'd give this place a 2nd chance...the first being so-so.  I had a simple order...a carne asada taco and a daily special bean burrito for $1...2 minutes later was my shell, my carne, and some runny guacamole or verde sauce on top...I honestly could not tell by taste appearance or texture and have been out here for years.  The bean burrito-what you'd expect...double the price if youw ant cheese..c'mon  It is just not the same as Roger's shop up in Anthem.  Boring, bland, and clearly riding the coattails of its once positive DD&D review.  Don't judge Roberto's by this location on Union hills.  The real deal is up in Anthem off of Daisy Mountain.  The two locations are night and day in terms of quality, service, presentation, ambiance (well that's not fair they are in a gas station).I used to love this place but it is apparantly under new owners who don't care as much as the previous owners.  The food quality has gone downhill as well as the cleanliness.  Sad to see a business fall into disrepair.The dental office is great although the reason for my low review is the office manager. She makes the place feel really unwelcoming. Otherwise had a good experience. I liked the previous office manager she had a great attitude too bad she left.I have had only 2 experiences with Sweet Salon, one very positive and the other extremely negative. I, like almost every woman is very particular with who cuts my  hair. So when I found a location near me with a great price I decided to check them out. Had a very good response! The salon is kept very tidy and when you walk in you are welcomed. So I decided to bring my sister back with me a second time so she could experience what I did. I called in for an appointment with the same lady that cut my hair, she was booked, which was fine. We were generated towards another woman that we were told was open. We drove to the salon and were greeted per usual, we waited for about 20-25 minutes before they came to us and told us that the woman who was supposedly open for a haircut, was now no longer available. Really? Where was the communication between us and the stylists and the receptionist? I felt that they handled it poorly. In the end, my sister was advised to make an appointment (that's how we got into this mess!), but for the following week!! I was very disappointed in the service and most likely not be returning.Okay so, customer service is okay with some staff. Their hair treatments are great. However, awhile ago I came in to have 3 inches cut off of my 16 inch hair due to damage. She took of ten and gave me a middle aged haircut. I was 16. Don't even let them cut your hair. I know Cosmo students who are 10x better than here.After many more eyelash extensions elsewhere, please totally disregard the previous one I posted for her and go elsewhere, ladies.Ciera was Unreliable, sneezing around my face as she was placing my lashes. They looked ok but considering all other aspects I wouldn't recommend...We flew into Phoenix and decided to eat lunch before we headed to Sedona. We were craving Asian food and decided to give Asian Cafe a try. We ordered, Mongolian beef, spicy Thai chicken, sesame chicken, and sweet and sour chicken. Each entree was accompanied by a scoop of fried rice, a scoop of noodles, an egg roll, a fortune cookie, and a soda. The egg roll was pretty standard fare, but had a nice ginger taste that was unique. The fried rice was quite bland. I am not an Asian noodle fan, so I did not try them. The chicken entrees were all good. All in all, the food was fine. It was very inexpensive ... $4.50 for the whole meal. I was not impressed, however,  with the styrofoam food boxes (dine-in meals  served that way), styrofoam cups and plastic forks and knives. I do not think I would return to or recommend the restaurant as there are many others to choose from in the area .My first time at the Asian Cafe, after reading the reviews here I gave it a shot.  I ordered the sweet and sour chicken, with 2 egg rolls.   The chicken was very over cooked, and mostly inedible, the egg rolls were good but had a lot of black pepper in them.  Overall the highlight was the egg rolls, but the chicken upset my stomach, and I can't see myself returning to this location.I've been here several times and although the food is mostly pretty good, the man behind the counter is ALWAYS rude. No matter how polite we are to him, he never fails to roll his eyes at us when we ask for extra sweet and sour or hot mustard. He also rolls his eyes when we ask simple questions about the dishes we plan to order. He talks to us like we are stupid and always makes it clear that we are inconveniencing him. If they didn't have lunch specials at such a great price I probably wouldn't go back due to his bad attitude, but the food and prices are pretty good. My favorites are the beef and broccoli and the Thai spicy chicken. The egg roll would be one of the best I've had except they don't change their fryer oil often enough and anything deep fried has a nasty rancid oil flavor.Had an MRI done here on an early Saturday morning. Facilities are clean, well maintained, & convenient free parking. What I didn't like was walking into the office to be greeted by a gentleman who was sitting at his desk eating a McDonalds deluxe breakfast with his pancakes and eggs spread all over his computer area. Totally unprofessional. And smelled like a fast food joint, I know it's a Saturday but come on. My insurance is paying big money for this test at least offer me the coffee that was brewed. He also failed to mention I needed to undress from the top, he seemed totally distracted, probably didn't want his food to get cold. The technician was awesome & made me feel extremely comfortable. I was very nervous after that first impression in the front but she eased my fears.Please know that this company does not follow the billing guidelines set forth by insurance providers such as Blue Cross Blue Shield of AZ. They will "request" (ie. require) you prepay your negotiated share of your treatment upon arrival. This is counter to the contract agreement your insurer may have with providers. As an insured individual you are NOT required to prepay these shares are that's what the billing reviews are for. Granting them them access to your deductible amounts may make it appear they know what you have left and such but the reality is that the deductible is a always changing due to other open statements and bills. Today you may be pre paying only to find you did not need to once your insures processes other claims elsewhere. They of course you'd have to fight to get your money back...good luck with that. Not recommended due to poor business practices.They have a very aggressive pay-before-your test policy.  I understand why they do this, but it isn't the norm in the medical community and if you forget your wallet, you might as well forget about it.  They will NOT perform the test unless you have paid.  This probably only applies to those of us with unpaid deductibles.I was recommended to come here for an x-ray due to the x-rays being down at my physician office. I called ahead a week prior and was told that I could just walk-in. I came in at 0945 and was told to sign in and wait. I waited over an hour before I was seen and the only reason it was that long is because I got up and said something. Nobody came over and asked what I was here for. Several people came in after me and were seen. Once I said something the process went fairly quick but the fact is I had to say something and was completely forgotten about.Come prepared to spend 30 mins more than your appointment because they are not on time at allI was in to get xrayed and every phone call that came in the ladies put on hold and never answered the calls. It happened to me when I called. It looks to be the norm because they all said the same when a call came in, Please Hold. And then they picked up the call and quickly put them back on hold. So....never call this place.This place is severely disorganized, when they place an order they don't check to make sure they can do it. I have been sitting here for 2 hours because the office manager couldn't clarify the orders with the Doctor. I would steer far away.This is a mixed bag of thoughts about my one and only experience with this hospital but I feel the need to vent my frustrations. I was scheduled for a cortisone injection into my hip joint, which is done under fluoroscope (X-ray). I was told the procedure would take about one hour and I was asked to not take any aspirin (blood thinner) for at least 24 hours prior to the appointment. My appointment was scheduled for 12:30 and my check-in time was noon. I've never been to this hospital before, so I double checked my directions online before I left the office. Well, the campus map is NOT accurate. Outpatient Radiology is located in a whole different area. And, the directional signs for the parking lot were lousy. The signage inside the hospital is even worse. I wasted about 20 minutes wandering before a lab tech was nice enough to walk me all the way over to where I needed to be on the OTHER side of the campus. When I did check in, I was told the procedure costs $2,000 and "was I prepared to pay that now?" Uh NO! Their computer system said someone attempted to contact me about their pre-payment policy but was unable to reach me due to an incorrect phone number. The admin person verified the number with me and it was correct. So since it appeared to be a mistake on their part, they let me just do a 10% deposit. Whatev. The pain was now moving from my hip to my pocketbook.I also learned at check-in that my doctor had ordered some blood work, which usually took about 45 minutes to get the report. WTF? They got me in for the blood work pretty quickly but then I sat in the lobby for more than an hour. Eventually, I got back to the procedure room - two hours after my scheduled appointment time - and saw the doctor. He and the two technicians were very thorough. If I could review them separately, I would likely give them 4-5 stars. My injection went fine even though they had to do it without iodine because no one had relayed to them that I'm mildly allergic to shellfish. I do feel I received quality health care, and I realize that is the most important thing (or at least I've been trying to tell myself that). BTW, I tried to use their shuttle to get back to where my car was parked. The little bastard did a U-turn right in front of me and kept on going. So I got to walk about 1/2 mile back with a very odd feeling in my hip from the injection. And, I got back to the office at 4. Grrrrrrr.If I'm referred to that facility in the future I will most definitely ask if there are other options.I had my twins here, and ten days later I almost died here.   I am not sure if I would go back.  I am trying to figure out what I would do next time I am driven by ambulance to an ER. At least I know I won't bring my twins here, I recently discovered a great ER for children.I went in with hopes that I would be blown away. Most of the crap I have done is at Del Web out in Sun City West. So I was excited that I would be having a procedure here and that I would be spoiled from everything I read and was told. My medical records were lost, I tried to warn the nurse that my veins roll and aren't happy with needles, she didn't care - until it happened to her. Then she wanted to hear all about what I had to say about which arm works better and why. A random nurse walked around telling everyone she was lost and didn't know where she was. Which again, 20 minutes before I am to go into Surgery was the LAST thing I wanted on my mind!! My medical record was eventually found - in recovery - however I was still I pre-op. they all laughed it off, I freaked out! One of the doctors on my team made it a point to tell everyone she had never worked with my surgeon before and she had no idea who she was looking for. I could go on and on. Why am I writing all of this? Because as a patient I shouldn't have had to hear ANY of this. I was more stressed going in, hoping the right procedure was being done with the right doctors than anything leading up to my surgery. The plus side. Private rooms, food delivered around the clock, and the volunteers that gave us a mini tour when I checked in. Otherwise, I'll stick to Del Web from here on out. As for my doctors, I'll review them separate.My wife delivered our daughter here last weekend.  After the delivery she wanted to see a lactation specialist to get started with the breast feeding process.  Her Dr. also submitted a request to have a Lactation specialist speak with her before we left the hospital.  Nurse after nurse kept telling us they were "too busy" and the specialist wouldn't be able to see us.  This happened on Sunday and Monday.  Understand that women are in a fragile state after giving birth, both mentally and physically.  The unfortunate circumstance is that the uncertainty of breast feeding and lack of direction caused for a very stressful time for the emotional first time mom. Had we known that lactation support would NOT be an option at this hospital, we would've sought consultation prior to my wife giving birth here.  The only reason I'm giving this two stars is because of the delivery nurse, Sandy.  She was exceptional.  My comment is only to assist future first time parents and allow them to properly prepare before having their expectations fall short.My wife came in with a bad case of the flu and couldn't breath well. After going to ER, she was admitted. A total of 26 hours after arrival (one day!!), a hospital representative showed up, explained that I owed $6400 so far, and said I needed to pay my $4000 deductible. Hospital rep didn't offer an invoice, just wanted payment. Of course I paid.As mama always said, it's not what you do it's how you do it.Were they going to kick me out with my 800+ FICO score if I didn't immediately pay after a one day stay of a multi day stay? I expect to pay when the service is over and my wife is discharged. I have never not paid a bill in my life.Everything else was satisfactory. Make sure your c/c  or check book is in the hospital bed with you!!!The nursing staff on the oncology floor was fantastic. Better hope your not dying though, the hospitalist, Dr. Burgess can't get you out of there quick enough. Dr. Russi, your bedside manner is cold and detached at best. My mother gave over a decade of service to S.M.H.  thanks for your lack of reverence. Thumbs down to the phd's at snobsdale Healthcare shea.Please note this is a review based entirely on business practices and does not reflect the facility's medical staff or their overall performance.So to the punchline: Why state that you are an in network facility for a procedure (say a C-section) and then have major ancillary staff such as the assistant surgeon and neonatologist (mandatory for all c-section babies by the way) be out of network third party providers? How about a little more transparency up front, or better yet hire your own staff and keep them in network; a radical idea I know.Recently, I had surgery and was placed for overnight care. Into a room with electrical problems! All throughout the night, lights would flash on and off, the tv never did even turn on, and most upsetting, alarms would go off and not be checked immediately by the nursing staff. It was frightening! No wonder the nurse was apprehensive about my heart rate and blood pressure. This was after a full hysterectomy. Before even entering my room, in the elevator, the night transport attendant noticed that my iv was spraying everywhere. I was never checked throughout the night for possible bleeding and the nurse was surprised when she finally looked and had to change the sheets the next morning. Last of all, my physicians need to know that their instructions were not read or administered in a timely manner, i.e. within the first 2 hours at least! I felt like anyone taking care of me was ONLY interested in whatever the machines hooked up to me had to say. So many tubes and wires from head to toe, made it extremely difficult to move, mush less get comfortable. I felt like a slab of meat trying to be kept fresh for a butcher. Sorry, that is harsh, but it has been over a week now. I have waited for some type of evaluation form from the hospital, so that I could just let them know directly, but have seen nothing. These people work hard, and I do have empathy for them. But no one should have their health care compromised by an inadequate room and overworked staff.My family attended a wedding in Tonto Basin this past weekend (Congratulations Sarah and G.W.) and we were guests at the Tonto Basin Inn. From the moment we arrived to the moment we left, Carol Duke and her husband were so incredibly rude and after speaking with other guests, it seems neither of them are people persons!      The room was not the worst thing in the world but the sink leaked and soaked everything once the water was turned on. The shower was a hit and miss where some showers had decent pressure and others, hardly any at all. Mid shower for my husband, all water pressure went away and started dripping only out of the bathtub nozzle rather than the shower head. That's never a good thing! Don't expect many toiletries here, other than a little packet of conditioning shampoo and the smallest bar of soap ever! Don't bother trying to get any kind of service either because it's a help-yourself-to-the-maid's-cart which is left out all day and night. I did like the hard mattress and the air conditioner in our room was the best A/C, especially since it was just a window unit.  WiFi didn't work for anyone in our room but probably because everyone in the other 15 rooms were probably trying to use it, too.     Although the owners lacked any kind of personality and were rude and unfriendly, the inn itself was not that bad. If you're planning on staying here, just keep in mind what you're in for when it comes to the Dukes. (Killing them with kindness doesn't work either!)Saw the baxcon and cheese commercial and thought I better get one of those. Big mistake. Where's the bacon and cheese that's supposed to be in the crust? Mine just had air in it, what a letdown. I'll call someone else next timePizza was ready quickly but that was about the best thing about our order. Pizzas lacked enough sauce and was doughy. Chincy amount of toppings too. Probably will be some time before I get Pizza Hut again.Terrible service! The cashier was rude and not as friendly as other Starbucks employees. My drink was completely forgotten about; I had to go up and remind them after 30 minutes of waiting. These girls need to be retrained.No longer my favorite Starbucks. Horrible customer service. Received bad service twice in 4 days. Apparently it is so hard to smile. Girl at the drive through really did not seem to care. Decided to go inside for once and they forgot my drink. The girl did not write it down, and seemed more interested in talking with her friend then helping me. Don't see myself coming back.I'm honestly not very happy with this location. The service seriously pissed me off. Went through the drive thru, tried to place my order and was interrupted every time with "will that complete your oder" "is that all for you today" ummmm I'll be done when I actually have a chance to stop speaking. I hate hate hate being cut off. Do tou or do you not want me to spend my money here? I only had four drinks btw.This location just doesn't have it together.  10 minutes sitting at the window after ordering just a regular drip coffee.I have come many times here and it's never improved. Boy Oh boy are they slow! I'm actually writing this review right now in the drive thru lane. I wonder if being inside is just as slow.Although everybody knows how over priced is starbucks its seems like you have to pay extra to have a good customer service. It has become an unfortunate trend for me that every time I go to this location,  the cashier has only two interactions with me : "anything else" and "total is $X. XX". I will always order the same product,  Grande Americano with 4 raw sugar packages; however my wife and kids will try to discover new stuff almost on every visit. The cashiers rush people to complete their order,  and would roll their eyes if questioned about what's in every drink. Where is the good old customer service? I'm a man in my forties therefor I don't expect anyone to kiss my rear end,  I just want a nice and polite attitude in exchange for my well earned money. Starbucks should have higher standards in customer service,  and hold themselves accountable for their employees. If all I wanted was coffee,  I could of go to any circle K and get the same lackluster customer service.So I am not sure why but twice now we have gotten undercooked pizza. Both times I got sick. If you order the thin crust it's fine. But both times it was bad it was an XL regular crust with extra cheese. The same employee was working both times so maybe he just undercooks. I am so done with this location.I'm giving them 2 stars, why? Well, I subtract one star for each tip jar on the counter. While I really like Cold Stone, there ice cream is always top notch, I am so done with tip jars all over the place. Do we really need 3 jars? How about just continue to do a good job and be rewarded by collecting a paycheck? One tip jar okay, but that's it.First time I've had Cold Stone in probably 8-9 years. We didn't know what to order when walking in so we decided to stand and look at the board in front and behind us. The guy working told us to step up so he could take our order, well we weren't ready. So, we stood trying to make a decision and he had to repeat himself, again. Yes we get it worker, when we are ready we will step up and you will take our order. WE ARE NOT READY! I wanted to yell at him. Pretty annoying and the customer in front of me was a total weirdo. We just wanted our ice cream so we could leave. The ice cream was good, but very messy.I've used them before with ok results but this past one sucks.  They had been out twice in 2 wks.  the original problem still wasn't fixed.  When I got home last night I spent an hour cleaning up leftover backup residue. I also spent an hour cleaning up the at least one quart of water still standing under the sink (probably causing mold).  Then I went to use the kitchen sink & ran disposal & low & behold the water again came up in the bathroom sink ( 1 sink in each bath - not both sinks).  I called again & the man who answered said I would pay double time if they came out last night.  I said I not only wasn't paying double, I wasn't paying anything.  He said he would talk to the manager in the morning.  I said I would just call the BBB.  20 min later I got a call from the plumber & he said he would be back.  He came back & it appeared he finally cleared the problem between the kitchen & the baths.  BUT when I went to use my bathroom toilet I stepped in standing water.  I used 2 toilet paper rolls to soak up water.  And now I hear water under my Pergo flooring.  Not Good.I had bought Groupon passes, failing to recognize they expire w/in a certain date. I went back hoping I could still use mine, and was refused. Given, I already PAID for the passes, I felt this was totally unfair. I can understand if they were free passes, but they were paid for! Needless to say I was very disappointed. Had I not been meeting some friends there, I wouldn't have stayed. There are plenty of other bounce places, so Bounce Jungle definitely lost a customer. Besides, limiting you to 2-hr sessions at the price they are charging is ridiculous. I understand the b-day parties there are way over priced, too. I attended one last year, and my friend paid well over $500, after supplying her own cake/food. That's outrageous.I think they closed, but I saw it coming.  I drove by the other day and it was all quiet and nobody in the parking lot at 10am.  The place was great, we went there all the time for 2 years.  After a birthday party there we discovered how awful the owners were.  I was ripped off and over charged by the owner.  In our situation he had to come from his house in to deal with the issue.  The staff were always so friendly there.  Great place, horrible owners.I have boarded my dog at the Avondale location on numerous occasions. The first time he wasn't neutered yet, and when he came home he had quarter sized sores on his genitals that were scabbed over. This was not reported to me in his checkout. The second time I boarded he did the daycare and had a scabbed nose, this was also not reported to me. I understand dogs get rough when they play, but I want to know about it. I also take him to their daycare on Saturdays. Once I requested a late pickup, and I was swarmed by employees very aggressively telling me how my dog is too hyper and he gets too "intense" when he plays. They tried to lessen their approach by first saying he's still welcome, but the approach was less than welcoming. They also raised the price of the daycare from $11 to $22 without posting or letting me know this increase upon check-in. When I went to pay for my dog, he had already been there all day so I had no choice but to pay the increased amount. That day I dropped him off I also requested that I be told if he is placed in time out at all, and the lady said to me, "Yeah we have a pretty rough group out there...they don't like rough dogs." Now, as an overprotective mommy, this made me feel totally unwelcome, and I'm afraid it was the icing on the cake with my overall experience with this place. Their prices also continually seem to increase. We will no longer be utilizing their facility due to not feeling welcome, not being adequately reported on injuries, and outrageous prices that are not communicated properly.I really like pete and macs but every time I call for an appointment, the front desk cant find my account...  Recently I referred a couple of friends, each credit is 25 bucks, but of course they cant find my account...  No one on the phone really cares or bothers to try.  Its disappointing...Got my hair cut at the JCPenney salon by a girl in her early 20s, who had been cutting hair for at least a couple of years.  She said she attended all the newest workshops and shows to learn the latest techniques.  I told her how I liked my hair, had it shortened about 2-3 inches with long layers.  Nothing too complicated.  She started styling my hair with a roundbrush and over time began using a flatiron to style my hair.  I have realized that stylists do this when the hair isn't coming out as they expected, and the flatiron hides the layers and imperfections from the client at first sight.  The cut was $33 and she gave me a coupon with $13 off, so it came to $20.  I figured I could style it myself when I got home to get the style I wanted.  When I did, I realized my hair was very bulky, the layers were not textured and they didn't lay right.  I won't be going back.*This review is of the portrait studio only.*The photo session was fine, though a little rushed since they were running behind schedule on the day that we went in (which was a Monday.)  The ordering process was OK, but a bit stressful.  I mean, the whole ordeal is quite old school!  Why do I have to order prints immediately following the photo session?  The pictures are available online in case I want to order anything else, so why can't I just take my time going through the shots and putting together a photo package that i want to purchase in the comfort of my home, instead of having to make a snap decision at the studio?  And why do I have to wait 2 weeks to receive the prints?  Is this 1982?  The prints were ok, but even with a 40% off coupon, I spent $50 on an 8x10, 4 5x7s, and 4 31/2x5s.(this review is for Sephora only)Ugh, this Sephora blows.  I didn't even know it was possible for a Sephora to suck so hard but it's completely due to the people that work here.  The only reason that I'm giving this place two stars instead of one is because it's not the make ups fault that it has to be sold by people who hate the world around them.  I've been here several times because it's convenient to just pick something up but every single time, I've had to deal with their terrible customer service.  They act like you're putting them out by trying to pay for your items.  You're better off not asking them any advice or opinions on products either.   Next time I'm in a bad mood, I'm going to come here and take it out on them - return the favor.The store is crowded.  And the check out area is always crowded and understaffed.  I miss the sales and coupons. The selections are okay.  But if you don't fit into the junior/old lady box, then it's hard to find something that will work.  The Jean selection is horrible. The boys department is small in comparison to the girls. Better prices can be found elsewhere.Not the happiest with my experience here. Brought two cars in for an "all over check" before a long road trip...plus some other issues that I KNEW were wrong. Was told, "Yeah, we normally check the whole car for any issues..." Ok, fine..

I can definitely appreciate that all the food types visibly  labeled throughout the buffet but this layout made searching for good exhausting. I practically didn't realize there was an entire other half of stuff available until my husband kept returning to the table with new items that I had misssd. When we finally sat at our table I was on my second plate before a waiter finally showed up. He showed up while I was chewing my food and noticed it was taking me a bit so he decided he was going to continue to a different table.  This just about pissed me off and I had to flag him back to our table. After this initial encounter he never came back to check on us. Upon leaving we noticed a multitude of  vacant tables with yet still a long line. The ribs, fruit tarts, paella, and several other food Items were the jam. I am hesitant to give this place a second chance. Sadly, terrific food does not make up for piss poor customer service.

A heavy squirt of the thin sauce helped.

4) So called suite only has 1 TV per room (rotate 360 degrees between bedroom and a small sofa area). Venetian/Venezia/Palazzo and The Hotel @ Mandalay Bay has 2 TVs in each guest suite.

The score is tied at 1 for now, 1 good experience (2005), one not so good (2013),  we'll see next time....I was so excited to book at Monte Carlo because my uncles had stayed there last year during the Mexican Independence day. So, I arrived Sunday afternoon and all the sheets were ripped and the restroom was so dirty. The tub had tons of hairs and had mold. This was suppose to be a 4 star hotel however it was more like a 2 star hotel. The only sort of luxurious part of the hotel is the lobby. It is definetly not worth the money you are paying.It smells here. I dont like it. It smells like 1970's carpet deodorizer. Like...carpet fresh or renuzit. Either way, it's bad.

Food arrived and dish after dish things were just 'meh'.Dim sum. Over cooked.  Mushroom dumpling was like chewing through an ear.  Baked egg custard- pastry good. Custard split and hard.Taiwanese flat noodles with sauce.  Where is the sauce? Where's the flavor?

While the service and atmosphere is quite good I would not recommend unless you just going there for Beer.I'm always up for new experiences, but this one had to be one of the worst experiences of my life. First the service was slow. Then the service became nonexistent. They were not busy the time I went and my server was uncaring and absent most of the time. Our server brings our drinks and wanders off to other tables, not even asking if we were ready to order at that point, which we of course were. Just plops down the drinks and leaves without a word. Once it came to ordering, our server kept writing down different food than we ordered. I can see if the restaurant was overcrowded and busy, but it wasn't. I had a reservation at the time that the restaurant had open for business on a weekday.So we get our food. I ordered the Wiener schnitzel and it was terrible and cold. How can fried food become cold unless it had been sitting for over a half an hour? Our server later shows up when we're more than half done with our meal and asks if we want refills. I say yes, so she takes both of our drinks and walks off. She never returned with them. About 10 minutes later, after we're both finished eating, she comes by asks how everything is going, unaware to the fact that there are no drinks on the table at all. We asked for our drinks and she quickly ran to the back to fill up our drinks. She brings them back and does not say anything to us; she walked to another table to go help them.After what happened I will not be going back to this restaurant. I really wanted to like this place. I have read so many good reviews and watched an episode of Diners, Drive-ins and Dives on the Food Network that featured this restaurant and it looked and sounded so amazing. The atmosphere was okay, the tables are really close together. The tables were small and clustered as well. I must have walked in on the wrong day because the experience was terrible.We went here based on the Food Network show (Guy Fieri) in hopes of having a fine German meal.  Unfortunately we were very disappointed in the food and the overall experience.Upon arrival we were greeted and led past the more formal dining areas to the bar area in the back of the restaurant.  It is a large room set up with many long tables that seemed similar to a Bavarian beer hall.  The tables were covered with vinyl I guess to make cleanup easier.  Three or four other tables were occupied plus a few people at the bar.  I imagine the room would be much busier during Octoberfest. But we thought it was kind of cool since it did create an German like atmosphere.Our waiter arrived and while he was not rude he certainly was not friendly and seemed like he would have preferred to be somewhere else that evening.  He did not make any recommendations or inform us of any specials. We ordered our meals and appetizers which were the Wienerschnitzel and Saurbraten along with one potato pancake appetizer and one pretzel.The meal started out with a small cup of the soup of the day which was cabbage soup.  It came out slighty warm at best and was like a broth with a mild flavor and a few bits of cabbage.  Very bland and unimpressive start.The meals came next and also were only slightly warm.  The sauerbraten consisted of thin slices of beef which was nothing like I remembered from visits to Germany. The flavor was mild and hard to understand why Guy Fieri raved so much about it on his show.  The Wienerschnitzel was greasier than I would have preferred but it was a huge serving that covered half the plate.  The German fried potatoes were good but would have been much better had they been hot.  The spatzel and red cabbage was as expected but unremarkable.We finished the meal sharing a large slice of the Saurkraut cake which was the best part of the meal.  Overall the cost of the three entrees, two appetizers, one dessert and two small beers was $103 + tip.  We came with high expectations (perhaps too high) and left somewhat disappointed.  I doubt we will return to this restaurant.I've been wanting to try this place since seeing it featured on Diners Drive-ins and Dives. I was anticipating a ton of flavors, and I had high hopes for this place because of all the great reviews. The Paprika Schnitzel was bland and a huge let down. The Potato rolls were bland too and tasted like mash potatoes that needed salt. The only thing that was good was the potatoes and the cabbage that came with the dish. They were my favorite part of the food. Overall, the food was not very impressive.Had one lunch while visiting the area and was surprized how mediocre the food was, considering some glowing reviews.

4. Multiple music channels in well separated areas

Service - friendly. Inaccurate once, and a longer than average wait another time.Most likely some opening kinks and wrinkles that need to be ironed out. Nice design, decor and convenient. Big menu, full bar, with dessert and pastries.I've been going to the Blueberry Hill on Charleston and Decatur for more than a decade, so I was very happy when this Flamingo location opened because it's much closer to my house. I've been to this location 3 times, and I always order either the Classic Eggs Benedict or the Alaskan Waffle. Both are absolutely delicious and this new location carry out same great flavors. The reason I gave this location 2-star is due to their customer service. All three times I've been here, I've had to wait at least couple minutes for someone to greet me when I walk in the door. During my most recent visit, I was with a party of 5 and we got seated at a booth with no menus, no servers in sight, and no busser to serve us water. We waited about 15 minutes to get our iced waters. And then waited approximately another 5-10 minutes for a server to come and take our order. I understand that it was a busy day (Saturday morning), perhaps the hostess shouldn't have sat us until the server was ready to serve another table? I probably won't be coming back to this location, I am willing to drive to the location on Charleston and Decatur for a better dining experience.Went here after we had a terrible experience at Las Vegas Little Theater. We aren't familiar with this area of town, so we cruised around. We saw that this had replaced Marie Calendar's, and my boyfriend read the reviews were good (turns out he read the Yelp reviews for a different location). So we decided to try here. I ordered two cheese enchiladas, my mom ordered a chimichanga, and my boyfriend ordered a bacon burger. My boyfriend loved it, but my mom and I thought ours were disgusting. The sauce on the enchilada was so strange... I don't even know how to describe it. The "shell" on the enchilada tasted and looked fake. My mom's chimichanga was full of peppers and onions. Refried beans were good. I was hungry and we bought it so I ate it. My mom ate a little of hers. Long story short, we all ran to the bathroom when we returned home. I still feel sick to my stomach. Only reason I'm giving 2 stars and not 1 is because the waiters were nice. Bottom line? Don't go here if you want a good meal and a happy stomach after.Eh. Denny's down the street is way better. The menu is wayyyy too long. I got the corned beef hash omelet. Eggs aren't salted at all, the insides aren't that good tasting to be honest. It could've had more flavor. Small portion of alright hash browns. My roommate hated his burrito. He didn't enjoy it at all. My boyfriend loves his apple pancakes but when I had a bite, it was super starchy. For our food, it took forever. I understand that there were 4 of us but no on was ahead and it shouldn't have taken that long. The food isn't bad, but it's not good. I don't recommend this place.I heard great things about this place so I went and I was highly dissapointed. I ordered the eggs Benedict Florentine and they were the worst I ever had. The hollandaise sauce was flavorless, which makes up the dish. The English muffins were soggy. We also ordered a chicken omelette and the eggs were overcooked. How do you overcook eggs????Besides for the food, there was an intoxicated patron inside laughing and being extremely loud. I would have expected an employee to tell him to keep it down or get him out. I'll give the restaurant the benefit of the doubt and say maybe I ordered the wrong plates. Highly disappointed tho.Poached eggs were cooked properly, coffee was decent. They really need to work on their potatoes: flavorless, greasy & cold. Gravy was room temp. Think I'll stick to Black Bear Diner down the road.Super disappointed in my breakfast this am : (. I ordered the eggs Benedict. I admit, I'm really picky about how my eggs are cooked. I especially don't enjoy when they are overcooked, and this is exactly what happened. I basically was served hard boiled eggs covered in hollandaise sauce (the sauce was delicious). There is just no excuse for this. Yes, I could have sent them back, but my boyfriend already had his food, so I didn't want to wait. He loved his food by the way. He had the pork chops. We also shared a side of biscuits and gravy and a pancake, all tasty. Not sure if I'd go back though. Service was just ok. Coffee was lukewarm at best and I didn't get a water refill.Food was great I give it an 8 . The reason for my low star rating is the service. The server we had took 20 minutes to take our order then brought out our food and had us wait another 5 minutes for our toast, didn't check on our drinks and when she did ask she never brought me more coffee, at the end I asked for a water and that took another 5 minutes. It was the server we had because before then my bf asked for another OJ and the server who we asked brought it immediately. I am not one to review places with bad feedback but I found it really annoying. Oh and let me say it was not busy at all she was in charge of 3 tables then at the end 4 .It was pretty crowded and the food was okay. I probably should have ordered something different because my plate wasn't very good. I had the blueberry hill scramble. The cheese they used in it would have been better if it was cheddar cheese. They used sliced sand which cheese. They did the same for the omelette my son ordered. He wasn't impressed either. The pancakes were good. Next time I'm in Vegas I will try them again to see if we just made poor ordering choices.The disaster started before we even walked in the door. We couldn't figure out where the entrance was due to no signage. We tried three different doors until we figured it out. We were seated within ten minutes even with it being moderately busy. After we were seated someone asked if we would like coffee and we put our cups out and only one was poured and the lady simply walked away with no explanation and did not let us order our daughters drink. Once the waiter, Cesar, came over he explained it was brewing which was completely fine with us. We ordered around 12:20 and then didn't get our food until almost one. The ticket time was way over what it should have been, and then we got our food and didn't even get all that we had ordered. We were missing a plate of pancakes but no one ever came by to check on us so I had to get up from the table and go find another server to bring the rest of the food as well as syrup we had requested before we ate. When our waiter found out we were missing food he brought out the pancakes and said "they were not ready that's why I didn't bring them out". It was extremely rude and he never once apologized or checked on us. Luckily the manager was willing to discount some of our food. If Cesar would have just apologized and checked on us, this would have never happened. I'm a server myself so I'm very patient but this was completely unacceptable and rude. We would have even ordered dessert if we would have been treated well!!! Unfortunately I will not be returning because of the awful service. The only reason that I give two stars is because the food was decent and the manager did discount our bill for the service and timing.I will start by staying this place has the best pancakes I have ever had. They put liquid crack in it. Lol. However, I CAN NOT stand the evening crew at this location. They are very rude, unprofessional, and slow. My honey and I like Blueberry late at night and every time we come in (anytime between 11-2) the male greeter/server who works that shift, ALWAYS tells us the reason they are slow is because of a cook shift change. So it takes 3 hours for a shift change? I don't think so!!! One horrible experience with him was, he had the nerve to write my order down incorrectly, so when I got home and realized I did not have my liquid crack, I had to drive all the way back. He had the nerve to come outside (as I'm re-waiting for my food) and argue with me about what I ordered. Ugh...he is the reason this location receives 2 stars. We do not eat it as often anymore because of him.Update for those of you who read my previous review:I had stopped my mail while on my honeymoon and hadn't received the mail I'd "missed" until the 11th of July. The owner of the salon had reached out to me with a letter apologizing, a full refund, a gift card, and  a voucher for a free hair cut and  manicure. She was prompt in her response, however I'd never received an email. I'm still sad that I'll never have the memory of having my hair/makeup done for the wedding, but instead I'll have the memory of my relatives stepping up to help. I don't think I'll be going back but I appreciate their gesture.Food was mediocre. The curries just tasted like tomato paste. Needs more spices.  WAY too much oil!!My husband and I came here for date night. The service was not great at all. There were only 3 tables seated when we arrived and our server disappeared leaving the hostess to take and deliver our drink order and order and deliver our food. The food was nothing special either. Of course our server finally showed up to deliver the bill. There are so many options in the area, not worth giving this place a second chance.Wow, what a disappointment. Terrible service and such a bland feel to the place. Almost too cool for school and just a very unfriendly vibe.  Will not return.I went here and while the food was decent my credit card was compromised. I started getting charges that were not mine right after I ate there. Be careful who you give your credit card to at this place.. Or don't use your credit card or don't even go there. This was in the Spring and I've just gotten around to writing this. Hopefully they changed staff so it won't happen to other unsuspecting people.We stopped by when we noticed the new food truck at the Boneyard Creek Celebration in Urbana. It looked really attractive with the brick oven and everything. We came up to read the menu and I found the woman at the register to be a pushy sales person. When we finally decided on a pizza and were getting ready to pay, she interjects a comment about how we should leave a tip for the baker. How rude to insist that we tip? Doesn't the baker make a full wage? He's no waitress after all. We probably would have tipped anyway but it felt strange to be pressured like that. Also, I'm almost positive that they're grossly abusing the term "local" because it's trendy. The peppers were all listed as locally grown...then it occurred to me, it's April in central illinois, what kind of crazy magician is able to grow bell peppers right now?? News Flash: no perversion of the english language could allow for California, Mexico, or Florida to be considered local to central illinois! I would have even accepted "regional" but local? No way. In the end, the pizza was okay, just okay.If you think this is good pizza, you need to get out more. I tried two kinds: the bronze dragon and the breakfast pizza. I honestly couldn't tell you which was supposed to be which. Maybe it was because the line was long, but the crust was underdone and too doughy, and the sausage, which was on both pizzas, was still pink. I'm not from the Midwest and I have yet to find pizza that even comes close to what I'm used to in PA/NJ/NY.Everyone is super nice but the product was pretty pricy.  Although they accept out of state med card, the prices will scare you into not coming back.Really friendly staff, maybe not the most knowledgeable but very pleasant. Building itself lends to a comfortable, secure environment. Product? Highly disappointing! At $63 dollars an eighth  which would be the equivalent of $520 an oz !!!! It better be flawless!!!! 1/2 gram of shake at that price, huh-huh. Dry, crumbled into dust at touch. Immediately put in mason jar with humidity meter. Overnight reading, 39%. Awful, who's doing quality check? Much props to owners who fought so hard to open. But you need a better pulse on your product. Good luck!!!There are many dispensaries in the valley that you can choose from, but it's important to visit the first one that opened at least once to see what great dispensaries have evolved from. It's already a little strange walking into a dispensary for the first few times, but I am seasoned vet. Walking into Euphoria made me feel paranoid, uncomfortable, and like I was doing something wrong. The selection is poor, the location is poor, and the customer service is beyond poor. Apparently there is a loyalty program here, but why bother being loyal if your staff doesn't care about your customers. Buy something to support the local economy, but find a new dispensary to go to that cares about your business.Was looking forward to a new place I  heard that serves good burgers.  At the very beginning I knew I was not going to be happy with the service.  The server had to repeatedly asked how we ordered each of our burgers and fries. Now  about the food one of the burgers only covered half of the bun on top of that was cold. They also had no flavor what so ever.  Took two bites and was done it was so small. The other burger that was the same size as my burger as ordered was twice as big and also cold.  My other friend ordered the pounder which is no bigger than any other large burgers in town and was very dry not cooked to order.

I put the little 5 dollar brocade box down and left.

My husband and I split the pear salad although the pears were the ones out of a can.The special that night was beef cheeks which if you are familiar and like them, they can be amazing. But I could barely find them on the plate because they were drowned in a heavy overpowering sauce.

       - Flavor - The sauce they use pales in comparison to Hot & Juicy. It didn't stick onto the seafood. It was half a step up from just steaming the shrimp and eating it as is.

This place is super good yo. I come here when I can to get away from home and when Im sad, escapism really. I come here every week and have a blast. The arcade is small, but the games here are great within itself. Maimai is maimai game lmao. Jubeat is fun tooThis place has gone over a lot of changes ever since they opened. A lot of these reviews may be obsolete, but keep in mind all the games are still here minus Project Diva. You can probably get a few hours of fun with 10 bucks here as long as you take breaks. Theres an arcade etiquitte and the place is slow enough so you wont experience jerks who will pay you to step off a machine for an hour. Also the fighting machine they have is BlazBlue: CS. It was Street Fighter IV for a while because BlazBlue had some problems. Also console games are gone in order to make room for the game/ toy shop.Someone mentioned the smell of this place being bad and thats totally false. Maybe she was trying to be funny? I dunno a lot of elite yelpers seem really uh... elitist. Quantity over quality is what they seem to go for. Nani a baka am watashi riiiight??? ;))Bring a group of friends here. The arcade has a lot of rhythm games, but also a few multiplayer games. Pac Man is fun along with Bishibashi. Maimai is fun to play with friends so you can laugh at each other on how bad the other is.The place is slow, so naturally you should know what the UFO machines are like...Anime Tea host seems to be close to this place, so check them out on Facebook to see any events going on here with unlimited plays on machines and food.Tier 1 is a toy shop connected to the arcade. They specialize in Yu Gi Oh, so Magic players shouldnt go here to buy anything. The toys they sell here are sculpts, Nendoroids, and Figmas. Not sure about the prices though, but the figures seem like theyre in the latest models.There are tons and tons of sports bars in the northwest valley, so it's important that each one does something to stand out. Came here Saturday night excited to try something new. I feel that several years ago, this area would be bustling with twentysomethings from ASU West, but it's died down quite a bit. Where'd everyone go?It was 11pm, but there was no music, and almost no one but a group of hicks who treated the bartender as if they'd never interacted with a woman before in their lives. Was annoying to hear nothing but sexist banter, so I tuned them out while she served up items from the modest draft selection, ranging from about $2-$4 .50(plus tax). The patio is very minimal, and not exactly ideal for fostering a social environment because it's so small. But at least my friends won't have to awkwardly stand in front of the building to light up a stogie. This seems to be everyone's day drinking spot. There are a LOT of TVs, all conveniently placed. During the day, they've got quite a menu as well, but I won't hold my breath when a very rough looking gentleman described it as being "ok food if you're drunk, maybe". I'm also reading something about a kids' menu, and I'm not excited about the idea of little runts hanging around while I try to catch the game. It'll get a second chance when I meet up with a bunch of friends, but I don't really think this is a place I could have fun. At least drinks are cheap, and the bartender I had was very gosh darn cool.I'm a female in this bar for Happy Hour with my husband.  There's 3 guys at the bar who start loudly telling knock knock jokes about gang banging within earshot of everyone in the bar including the female bartender.  She says nothing to them.  I'm offended enough to say "WHAT ARE YOU 12??"  This shuts them up.  The bartender should have taken control and told them to knock it off!A neighborhood bar. They have good burgers, wings, and a few of the sandwiches.Lots of televisions. Billiards (pool table) and electronic dart machine.

Arancini w/ fried egg - decent, but Il Pizziaola makes it best!  It's basically a fried risotto ball.  The fried egg wasn't necessary and didn't add much to the dish. Duck BLT - not a fan, but the rest of the group really liked this. Greens & Beans - yum - this was delish.  It's white beans and kale in some sorta white sauce. Patatas Bravas - yum - this was delish.  Fried potatoes with a smoky tomato chipotle like sauce is how I'd describe it.  Sauce was great.   Entrees: We shared

3. Service - 3 Stars - Do you see a pattern forming?  The server should never have brought me the burnt toast.  Additionally, not her fault but the kitchen was slow as they only had 3 or 4 tables.  Not busy.

-Very limited prescriptions.I feel they offer substandard medications sometimes or are reluctant to prescribe in order to cut costs. I had reactions to a medicine, and they insisted it wasn't the cheap one I was being prescribed. I went home, got a more expensive (and according to online reviews, 3 stars more effective) medicine, and haven't had any problems since. I am also on a really long waiting list to see specialists to get a endoscopy, and on another to see a dermatologist. Both waiting lists are very long and it feels like in the meanwhile, the doctor seriously doesn't care.

I mean the food isn't bad! But, it's not great....Idk it' sort of just trying too hard, in my opinion. I feel like they're trying to stuff too many flavors into one dish.  Iv'e been there about three times and every time I leave super stuffed but kind of disappointed... but that's just me Sometimes less is moreLike a lot of the other yelpers on here, I visited because I saw it on Man Vs Food.We arrived about 11am, and although it didn't look busy we had to wait 10 minutes to be seated.I can't fault our server, she was attentive, knowledgeable, and very friendly.We both ordered French Toast, and just had coffee to drink.Yes the portions were huge, and they had loads of pecan nuts on top, but the toast itself wasn't anything amazing, and costs a lot more than Denny's!I wasn't that impressed - if I did go again I think I'd try one of the Hash dishes.With all of their hype from their appearance on "Man vs. Food", Hash House A Go Go is always busy during peak dining hours, especially breakfast. Because of that I've always tried to avoid eating there. I finally gave in the other day and stopped by for dinner, even though they're not know for their post-breakfast foods.We got there early and were seated right away, unfortunately at the crappiest table they had -- the table closest to the entrance and in a high-traffic area. We even asked the hostess if we could have a booth but she said she had to seat us at a table. Continuing with the bad service, our waiter decided not to show up at our table for a good ten minutes. Another fifteen minutes later we finally got some water, which prompted my wife to pull the hostess aside and politely ask her to move us or give us better service.After that, the service wasn't bad. Too bad we couldn't say the same about the food. Sure, the huge biscuits coated in honey were good, but the other two items we tried needed a lot of work. The crab cake chowder had a decent crab cake placed in the soup bowl -- not jumbo lump crab, just the shredded meat parts. The chowder was devoid of potatoes, had very little corn and was so thick that it was more pudding than soup.The roasted butternut squash with mushroom risotto was some of the most bland, unappealing risotto I've ever had and the flavor of the dish was completely over-powered by a heaping mound of sundried tomatoes. The lightly battered shrimp that was in the dish was decent and the asparagus may have been the best tasting thing on the plate.The presentation of the food is much more impressive than the taste. Clearly, in the case of the items I tried, it was quantity over quality. The amount of food is absurd and one appetizer and one entree could have been enough to feed four.Despite mediocre service and subpar food, the worst thing about HHAGG was the bathroom. It was about as dirty as a frat house on a Sunday morning -- trash and toilet paper all over the floor, floors that looked flooded from a backed-uped toilet, and the parts of the floor that weren't flooded were sticky like a movie theater floor.Hash House might be worth the wait for breakfast, but I would pass on dinner.One of my favorite places to breakfast on the weekends in my hometown of San Diego is Hash House a Go-Go (or just plain Hash House to locals). Being in Las Vegas and knowing that Sin City has its very own Hash House (three in fact), there was no way I was going to miss a taste of home.Arriving at a time that would cause a 45 to 90 minute wait at the San Diego location, I was surprised to be told that I would be seated in between 15 and 20 minutes. Happily taking my pager, I shuffled off to wait and in due course was buzzed.Setting my sights on a "Campfire s'mores" mocha ($7) which arrived in an over-sized cup (visibly cracked as seen in the picture) topped with gooey, charred marshmallows, chocolate syrup and Graham crackers.The first spoonful was thick with marshmallowy goodness and its smokey, crunchy crust brought me immediately back to childhood outings in the woods by the campfire, roasting s'mores with family and friends. If the coffee itself had been better, this mocha would have been perfect but it falls just short of the mark.Having had many of the offerings on the standard menu over the years, I decided I'd order one of the brunch specials. The Nappanee hash ($14.95) with fresh tomatoes, green beans, marinated steak, smoked mozzarella and crispy potatoes was ordered and anticipated.Things began going pear shaped when I asked my server If I could add fresh roasted corn (available in the other brunch offering), to my hash and was told "the Chef can't guarantee the flavor profile if changes are made so we don't allow substitutions or additions." FAIL!In due course my server arrived clutching a medium sized cast iron skillet in a heavy oven mitt. What a great idea, the cast iron would keep my food hot and steamy while I enjoyed it...WRONG! The skillet seems to have been used solely for presentation and not preparation, it was stone cold and after a bite, I realized temperature of my meal was not far off. FAIL!The "marinated steak" was a perfectly cooked medium but lacked flavor. The green beans, which I felt were a strange choice for a breakfast dish, were a bit too al dente and the whole skillet lacked seasoning. Curiously, the server pointed out the days freshly made strawberry citrus jam and asked if I would like butter to go with it and my buttermilk biscuit to which I replied "yes," but somehow said butter never materialized. FAIL!In all the meal was mediocre, there were several opportunities to meet or exceed expectations but none were taken advantage of.   The server could have noticed the large, clearly visible crack in my coffee mug,  If cast iron was to be used for presentation only, there's no reason it couldn't have been warmed so as to keep its contents at the desired temperature and  finally, when asked to add roasted corn to the dish, the server could have suggested i have it on the side instead of basically telling me the Chef understands my palate better than I do.I have a warm place in my heart for Hash House a Go Go and have recommended breakfast/brunch there to many friends and acquaintances alike, I can only hope that this particular meal was an aberration.Well, 5 stars if quantity is all you care about.  But, for me, it makes me feel queasy.  But, maybe this is what America is all about - stuff your face so your bottom can't even fit into the booths anymore.The plates are massive here.  But, it'd be more appropriate to serve it in troughs and have the tables raised up so you don't have to move your arms or head as much.  Is it impressive to slop on a massive amount of food and call that your specialty?  Maybe, if you're the kind of person that is disappointed by an all you can eat because they don't have enough food for you.I had the tractor breakfast.  2 eggs?  Maybe ostrich eggs.  And "a" flapjack, which was the size of a pizza.  I have 2 stars simply because I was impressed that they managed to cook the whole thing, and because it did actually taste alright.I threw up a little bit in my mouth while having to recount this episode of my life, but I hope it was worth it, so that you could avoid going here, so that you don't have to live through having more slop placed in front of you and that that 70% won't be thrown into the compost.Hash House is probably the most overrated joint in town. It's similar to Claim Jumper in the fact they have HUGE portions. The food is hit or miss. I only enjoy this place for breakfast. I've never over thrilled with dinner options.  The chicken and waffles is the best breakfast item, but you fell like a fatty eating it. And you will spend the next two days finishing it. I had high hopes for this place, but it just feel flat. The hostesses were rude and impatient. Service has always been impeccable.The few things I like are their drink options. Their mimosas are out of this world, the s'mores mocha is genius (how has no major coffee house thought of this concoction?), and in the Summer time a watermelon lemonade hits the spot.I often wish they had a little walk-up window (ala Serendipity 3) and I could just order a beverage and get food elsewhere.Note that the breakfast wait is long and you cannot be sat until your until your entire party is there.WOW!  Can we say BIG FAT DISAPPOINTMENT??The first time I tried to line up here, they said it would be a 1.5 hour long wait.  Good thing we decided to go elsewhere because if I waited 1.5 hours to eat Hash House, I would have been even more upset.The second time I came back, we were seated within 15 minutes.  Outside, you see pictures of celebrities that have eaten at Hash House.  The main reason I decided to visit Hash House was because of the raving reviews Adam Richman gave on Man vs. Food.  Adam, your credibility is seriously on thin ice with me after my experience here.Hash House is located inside the Imperial Palace hotel along the strip.  Is it just me or does this place feel cold and unclean?  Service here was also iffy.  It took our waitress a while for her to come over and take our drink orders and the restaurant wasn't even full.  She also disappeared at the end of our meal after she dropped off our check.  Then, she charged us an extra $2.50 for a split plate!  Ridiculous.  If I could give a negative star on service, I would.Hash House is all presentation.  Their dishes come out looking massive!  Andrew D. and I ordered the chicken eggs benedict and I was SERIOUSLY disappointed.  Eggs benedict is my FAVORITE breakfast meal, but the dish SERIOUSLY lacked flavor and kick.  I was waiting for my taste buds to be stimulated, but alas, it was bland.  I ended up having to season the thing to the best of my ability with the tabasco sauce, ketchup and black peppers we had at the table.Our whole group left feeling unsatisfied and a little bitter for having to waste our money on this place.  IIII felt bad also for making the group come back not ONCE, but TWICE to give it a try.Do yourself a favor and find another place to have breakfast at.  Hash House is all talk and no flavor.I was REALLY looking forward to this... I was.  I got super excited when I saw the restaraunt.com coupons out there for them and even plotted a time that I figured they wouldn't be too busy so that I could sneak in with my family and get a nice dinner. So we show up at 530p on Saturday and the place was absolutely empty.  Sat down and were promptly waited upon.  Made my selection of the tenderloin at the top of the menu and my wife had the butternut squash (she's nutso for squash).  Waiter arrives about 5 minutes later with HUGE biscuits with honey.  Great!!  It went downhill from there.

Next time I think I'll stay at that Hilton Homes place off Tyvolia. At least they had a sports bar right next to it! ;)I'm giving them 2 Star but you my feel I should have given them 1 Star. Checked in after a long flight and my girlfriend is a platinum member. She stays at Marriott 98.5 % of the time. We checked in at 11:05PM and once we got to the room we noticed a Do Not Disturb sign on the door but we thought maybe it was never removed by house keeping. To our surprise there was someone in the bathroom!!!

Pendant la dite priode d'tudes, la musique est devenue tout  coup trs, voir mme trop forte pour ensuite s'arrter un moment.

Waitress very UnfriendlySlow service!

- filed, smoothed, shaped, DONE!Um, yea so my experience at Nail Quest was NONE OF THE ABOVE, sorry. But they were very nice, just not for me.They have REGULARS, they do. A lady came in with her 5yr old daughter, it seem like they knew each other very well, it's just not for mebut this is just my personal experience, it may be different for you.  Go check them out...and yes, despite my experience I did tip, it's rude not toJust be careful. I think they over step their bounds with some of the advice they give. Use it to detox and get clean, but to live out in the world you need to learn to stay clean on the outside. Where are the counselor strained? Make sure you still use your own judgement in decision making.The ambience was casual and the service was not too bad.The place itself smells a like an ashtray, but they have pool tables and great drinks specials for happy hour during the week; I went there on a Saturday night.

Update:I would like to thank Mr. C. Martine in assisting me to resolve this matter. I will await my credit card company's assurance that this was resolved as agreed uponWe always go to Boulder to gamble and to drink. We are locals so it's the best option by far. We love everything about Boulder except today when I went I had a voucher for a free cocktail of my choice. It said I bring it up to the bartender and they'll make me whichever cocktail I choose. Except as I went up to the bartender he said it's only for a lime margarita. Whatever, so I get my margarita and on the cup it said it was 99 cent margaritas for locals. So my free voucher was actually for a dollar drink. Really? either he lied or that's the stupidest coupon I've ever heard of.Not a place I would bring my son or a place that has good lanes saw the cheap prices got really excited to play and there were a lot of rude people and wasnt happy with the lanes :(Very cheap prices- $1 weekdays -$2.50 nights and weekends/game + $2.50/shoes. However, you ever heard- you get what you pay for? A bunch of the lanes are warped- we were entertained watching balls suddenly veer off in unexpected directions, and on our own lane we had to start aiming our balls to the right to compensate, and some of the balls were actually cracked. None of that fun animation between shots eitherUsually, when you go to hole in the wall places the food is always exceptional and worth the trip. However, in this case it was the exact opposite. The food was not that good. I was actually disappointed. I was expecting kick ass carne asada or al pastor tacos. To my dismay, I had better food at a Baja Fresh in an all gringo neighborhood. Minus three stars for wasting my trip to North LV. Historical Note: This place used to be a Boston Pizza # 5 a long long time ago in a galaxy far far away.This Comfort Inn is just a place to lay your head for a night's sleep in North Las Vegas. Located along a busy thoroughfare, it is especially difficult in the morning commute hours to make a left on Cheyenne Avenue to go east toward the freeway. The Inn is clean and simple. The room air conditioners are exceptionally noisy. The complimentary breakfast is the same at all the Comfort Inns: cold cereal, instant oatmeal, fruit, breads (all white), hard-boiled eggs, yogurt, juices and coffee/tea.It's a dump...kids like coming...that's about it. The times I come, all I hope for is that I don't get a flat tire.As casinos go, this one really has little going for it.  It is away from downtown and the strip so you won't walk there. It is like walking into a lit box of cigarettes, the carpet and decor is old and worn, and in general the people there do not look happy.I do enjoy Jerry's deli for cheap, decent comfort food though which is why it gets 2 stars.Took 2 hours. Got a smog and oil change . They forgot the smog test.. on top of that Internet was down. That whole hour while I was gone , they could've done the smog and realized the Internet was down. I asked the guy that wrote down a list of crap that was wrong with my car to re-set the maintenance required light that is flashing because I need a oil change, they forgot to re-set it. Oh well, I am sure I  can Google how to re-set it. Two stars for the guy at the reception desk he was nice and kept apologizing.Heaven...or 7-11....Hahahaha! Ok,  I thought that was pretty funny....cause it is the latter of the two. So, this is just your average, dirty, everything is about to expire, run in the wall 7-11. I know what your thinking...."But Tanya - you checked in here" Guilty as charged. Sometimes a girl needs a twinkie and a coke to get her back on her feet. DON'T judge!Would I go out of my way to go back - no. Was I glad I stopped - yes.7 reasons to go, 11 reasons not too :)Went through drivethru and was given the wrong food. Went back to exchange and the staff thought it was funny, then refilled my drink with the wrong thing.  Disappointed.Big Horn Casino is a small neighborhood bar/diner/casino.  I like going because it is VERY close to where I'm currently located.  I also like their 24 hour food specials. Unlike the strip or even downtown, you can go in any time and get their food specials. However, you have to either look at the signs outside or ask the server because the specials are not mentioned on the menu or even on any kind of placards on the tables.As for the gambling, I enjoy playing slots and there are a limited number of machines due to the location being rather small.  Then again, that's why it's a local "joint."  I usually go Monday through Thursday.  I tried going on a Friday night around 6:30pm and couldn't even find a decent parking space, so I just left. Oh and I love that they sell Modelo and Corona's for only $1.00 per bottle...that's the price at the bar or even in the restaurant.  Heck, cheaper than a cup of coffee!!Overall, it's not bad for what it is...a local gambling joint.Tiny, smoke-filled casino in a trashy part of town. Security was a bit on the rude side: asked to see my ID upon entry, and when I asked why he growled at me that I looked like a teenager. Uh, get your eyes checked.Only went for the restaurant, as my BF has fond memories of their ultra low-price specials. We both opted for the steak and eggs, which also comes with your choice of hashbrowns (for me) or homefries (for him), and bread (which neither of us got). My guy added a stack of pancakes.

- Loved having the huge variety of restaurants available in the hotel, from McDonald's to Craftsteak, multiple Starbucks and everything in between. Cons:

I'm not supposed to care because you don't.  But I do. It means you don't care about my food. And it shows. ## open face tamale is not a tamale, it's a hot mess. Stop calling that mushy pile of barely-cooked masa a tamale.# queso sauce is a wet mess (I'm always wary when the menu has to change languages from English to convey the description). Glad I asked for it to be left off.# nothing made to order. It's just a lazy kitchen with squirt bottles and chafing dishes doing nothing well. MEH!!What a shame.Maybe if they add a drag show I'd be back sooner than later.So far it'll be later.The reviews on this restaurant are dead wrong. We had dinner on a Wednesday night and it was terribly disappointing. The atmosphere is dark and dated. The food is bland across the board. Nachos were ample in size but lacking in flavor. The high point of the meal was the Chile lime Caesar dressing on the salad. It was great. The signature pork Chili Verde Mac and cheese was terrible. The pasta was overcooked. The cheese had no flavor. They must have ran out of green chili's because there was zero kick. There are a hundred Mexican food joints in Phoenix with better food at half the price.SOOOOOOO disappoined to find Ticoz is going down hill.  The food although acceptable, is not as good as it used to be. It just lack the pizzazz it once had. The food can be tweaked for the better, but what it needs MOST of all is a little face lift. THE PLACE LOOKS RUN DOWN. I heard Ticoz had a new owner a while back.  He/She needs to start putting some money back into the place.  The dining room chairs are a disgrace.  Went to lunch there yesterday.  They had only two tables going at 12:30 p.m.  I found that sad compared to the old days.What The Heck happened to this restaurant?!?Reservations were made 30 minutes ahead and we arrived at the agreed appointed time yet even in a half full restaurant our table was not ready. We waited ten minutes and a few of us gravitated to the bar. The bartender was pretty efficient and had a great attitude. He was having fun and still did his job well.Once seated everyone mentioned the wobbly chairs and surprise the restaurant wasn't full. We sat for awhile and chatted about the day. Drink orders were taken and before they were delivered to the table our server tried to get our brunch orders, The only problem with that is we had yet to see a menu.Our server seemed kind and polite, but very stressed out. she was often seen "running" around the dining room. Orders were taken and food delivered, and that's where my true disappointment set in, my lunch just wasn't very good. It was a salad that was just lackluster. honestly this could have easily been served next door a Denny's. The salad was also missing promised menu items like ranch and cheese. It appeared that sour cream was subbed for the ranch. Sorry, I don't send food back ever, and I was starving so I dug in. it was really just OK.We got our checks and nobody said "That was good" The place never did fill even on Pride parade day. I use to love this place and as I was leaving my mind raced of all the great spots we didn't go to for brunch.Cool, chill little spot. Drink prices were average $5 beer $10 mix drink. The hummus/guacamole dip was a little bland and the chips were stale, the pita bread was good and warm. Service was good, nice people. Been there done that, prob won't be back.I will start by saying I could see coming back here in the future.In for $2 taco Tuesday. 6:30 and the dining room was pretty empty. The bar was where the action was.The place is clean. Including the restroom! But, the menus were super sticky. The chairs are many years past their prime. Clean, yes. But, all of them were very scuffed up and the frames on our chairs - and some we could observe with other diners seated - were loose.I'm pretty sure it was the owner who was running around. He was doing it all. Busing tables, chatting it up with some of the customers. And, running orders. I believe at least some of his staff have figured this out so they aren't putting in as much elbow grease as, maybe, they should be. They know he's picking up all the slack.The tacos were a good size. The proteins (chicken, tilapia, pork and steak) were cooked properly. The seasoning was a bit lacking. The tortillas were nothing special. For $2 I'm good. For menu price, not so much. The empanada for dessert was very tasty and came with house made whipped cream.The service was so-so. I think the one waitress may have had to cover the dining room on her own. Not too many tables, yet enough to keep her unable to really be attentive. She was pleasant and certainly knew the menu. No chips or salsa served. None offered. Turns out they can be had. For a fee. $1.75. Aw, come on. Just add 25 or 50 cents to some of your menu items and relax about the chips and salsa.Here's what kept me from going to 3 stars: it's in the details. So, the dishware was clean. But, it was really aged and over-used. The glassware didn't sparkle - maybe it's the soap. Maybe it's because the glassware is old. The flatware was also showing wear. And, again, maybe it's the dishwasher. Or, maybe the water temp is off. While the dining room decor was just fine, these little details - and the chairs near falling apart - really add up. For menu prices approaching $18 for some entrees, I think these details really matter. $2 tacos can do a couple things for a place: 1) it can attract a good bar crowd that will munch a lot of them and drink a goodly amount of booze; and, 2) it can attract first-time customers who want an inexpensive chance to check a place out. It's the latter that really matters because this is future business, or not. The former are most interested in the booze and so-so food is just fine because it is so inexpensive.The experience needs to be good enough to inspire a second visit - maybe for the more costly regular menu items. So-so food, and a so-so environment isn't going to pull people in to spend $16-$18 per entree.If I come back, it won't be for taco Tuesday. It'll be to try some of the entrees that do look pretty interesting. And, again, the kitchen did a good enough job (spice levels are, I imagine, near impossible to get right for a wide range of people).They shouldn't be proud to call themselves Asian cuisine...really.The food's a far cry from anything remotely Asian and I include Panda Express and fast food Chinese chains into this equation.  I should've known better by the food displays, but I didn't think what I was ordering was on display.I ordered the garlic chicken w/white rice.  GRILLED slices of white meat chicken on top of some rice w/a bland, gross 'teriyaki' sauce on top.  The meat had no flavor, the teriyaki tasted like nothing at all.. it was a bowl of different textured tasteless solids for $8.  Resembling Flame Broiler but nowhere near the taste of it.  The decor in the restaurant was really nice and attractive, I give them an extra star for that.. but to be honest, if they had that much money to burn on decor, they could've used it to provide better quality food..I have to agree with some of the other comments here.  The Sky Harbor location is NOTHING like the other locations and not even good for airport food.  Flo's food at her Scottsdale locations is outstanding and always consistent.  Lucky for me, I live close enough to the FLW location to stop on my way to the airport for a quick meal -- which I have.  What gives, Flo?Asian airport food - what more could you expect. I wish I ate at Paradise Bakery & Cafe next door.Man! I was excited to see Flo's as an option while waiting for a flight recently. Sadly, it was no better than a Panda Express would've been. $11 and a rice bowl later, I was left wishing I stopped someplace else.NOT one of the better dining options in T4 at Sky Harbor.  The noodle dishes are flavorless, and the dumplings are deep fried and oily.  Portion sizes are large, but it's more or less irrelevant since you likely won't be wanting to clean your plate.  Two stars since the pricing isn't too bad for an airport restaurant.They really need to add some staff. Each time I stop at this one it seems to take an usually long time. Add the fact that when I get an iced coffee here, hair doesn't start growing on my chest as it does when I order it at other locations. Boo.had to go... I don't drink stuff here unless I mustCrowded they didn't honor my gold level for my Starbucks cardI lived  in Deutschland for 3 yrs so I was excited to go here. I was sadly disappointed in the bakery. The pretzels were unlike anything I ever had when I lived there. They didn't carry Kirsch liquor. :(I was eager to try this place after reading several good reviews.. Must say I'm pretty disappointed. After a day of school orientation and car shopping I was eager for pastry heaven. My bf and I ordered various pastries and a soft cresent pretzel to try. I was not blown away by a single one. The pretzel was okay. It did taste authentic, but nothing I'd ever go out of my way for. The cheese danish was lack luster and heavy. You could barely taste the cream cheese in it and it was doused with an obnoxious amount of powdered sugar. The macaroon was not stellar. I was extremely disappointed in that, since so many people swear by those things. Kind of a cool store, I like the authenticly german selection, however all of it is overpriced by a landslide and is scarcely displayed. I wish I was more impressed, but Old Heidelberg just didn't do it for me.This new incarnation of Hamburger Mary's is less than impressive. Of course it wasn't very impressive while it was still Hamburger Mary's. The service is hit and miss and the food is sub-par. Every time I've been here and ordered a burger, the bun has been stale and crumbly. Every. Time. The salads consisted mostly of the delectable white core of the iceberg lettuce that has no flavor.The Sunday breakfast buffet is fairly expensive, around $15 per person. The only redeeming feature of the buffet is the 1 cent mimosas. Smoking is still allowed inside the restaurant (until May at least).If you're going to a place to hang out with a large group of friends who drink and smoke and food isn't a pressing issue, then this may be the place for you. I'm sorry, Burger Betty's. I've tried to like you from way back when, but it's time for me to move on. I have to see other restaurants. I hope you understand. It's not you, it's me.Listen Betty - Ya just can't charge these prices for this quality.  Pick one.  Either drop your prices to make it just a large bar food type menu - or dramatically increase the quality. Notice I didn't say quantity.  The burgers are big.  And a hungry person might not finish them.  But they wouldn't particularly like it.  And if you want them to order one again, they need to like it.  Sure, you've got a bit of a corner on the whole gay restaurant thing.  (Not a total corner on it though - but I'll give that there isn't that much competition.)  But do you really want to ride on those laurels?  I think you can do better.  I hope you do better soon.  How about a 1/2 size burger for 1/2 the price?  Same thing w/ the salads as right now they could feed a table of 4.  But how many tables of 4 want to split the same salad?  Exactly.  And while I can accept the weird atmosphere changes as you try to find a "theme" to carry you to your next success.  How about stopping all of your investment and hard work on the Australian theme and going with a "good food and comfortable atmosphere theme".  I'm telling you - it could be a hit.  I'll try to check back twice a year or so to see how you're doing.  I believe in you Betty.  Let's make it happen.Funny story. One hot summer day less than a year ago my dad and I were out in search of a late lunch/ early dinner. A burger sounded fine and we had driven past this place a few times so we thought we'd drop in. We knew that quite a few places on this stretch were of the gay persuasion, but it didn't occur to us that Burger Betty's would be one. Walk inside and you'll quickly realize that this is not intended for a father-son lunch spot. We backpedaled. We asked a couple of questions. We left. Truth be told, my dad and I are both liberal guys and would have stuck around if the burgers weren't so expensive. From the looks of the other reviews we made the right call.This place has a serious identity crisis. "Gay" is not a sufficient theme for a nightclub. Everything inside was really haphazard. There was no rhyme or reason to the layout or decor. Four go-go dancers crowded one stage and only one of them received tips. There are two level and an outdoor area yet the dancers grouped in one area. It's not that big of a deal, though. They should get rid of the dancers altogether and hire hot dudes to work the bar. Dancers at gay clubs are just...well, it's been done. A lot. And a lot better. By worse bars. Additionally, they let in bridal shower parties and then announced them over the PA. Um, I'm married to another man but it's not legal in this state but a gay bar is going to celebrate some annoying drunk girl and her friends? Sorry, but I'm from Chicago and bridal parties should be banned from gay clubs until we have full marriage equality. And finally, the drinks were extremely weak. I doubt I will ever go back to this place.Decent place, but the drinks are too expensive unless its a buy 1 get 1 night.So I guess I was dragged here with a group of my friends to see a drag show, I usually am down for whatever but this group of girls did not impress me at all. It was one night where they were doing star choice drag show and the talent there was just not talent. Not to mention they jip you on drinks if you pay with a card which I assume most people do. The show was definitely a disappointment, and I'm always one for a good show. Although I can say the Vibe here is a little more chill than Charlies but I won't be returning anytime soon.I came across this place not too long ago while suffering through a savage craving for anything Mexican (this happens a lot to me). I was driving around in circles looking for a little dive that might have some authentic and spicy tacos. I just so happened to see a cheap little sign pointing towards this place, and figured what the hell. First things first... upon walking into this place I noticed it was a little rank; it didn't smell very good, and it was pretty muggy inside. There were two Hispanic gentlemen behind the counter who immediately welcomed me as I quickly studied the menu on the wall. What I first noticed about the menu is that it was all very authentic... very much like if the building was picked up and moved over to Chandler from some small Mexican town. As I was looking, I also noticed some sort of weird mound of meat on a giant metal stick; it was clearly visible in the back room which I'll admit scared me a little bit. I think I may have seen something similar on "Bizarre Foods" once... but I have no idea what the hell it actually was. Given such a wide array of different choices from the menu, I was immediately puzzled about what I would actually order. This is when one of the guys behind the counter tried to give me some help... he started asking/telling me things in very broken English... like "You like Spicy?" and "Good Pollo!". While he was telling me these things, I got the sense something fishy was going on; because as he was talking to me he was also intermittently laughing hysterically and speaking Spanish with his work buddy. Kind of seemed like one of those "look at this stupid gringo" moments. I was pretty out of my element. To make a long story short... I went with the chicken tacos (except they were called something else, which I didn't understand) and an order of chips with salsa. I took home my steaming back of goodness to pig out... and OH NO... they couldn't have... the horror: Dark meat chicken... Arrrrrrrrrgghhhhhhhhh! I take for granted that there are still places that serve dark meat chicken without thinking twice about it or warning you... I also take for granted that there are people out there that actually like dark meat chicken. I can't stand it... to me dark meat chicken tastes like white meat chicken which has gone rotten. I have an immediate gut reaction to it, so needless to say I took one bite of my taco and threw the rest away. I did however eat my chips and salsa like a madman, and they were pretty tasty... so I can't fault them for that. So this may be a tad unfair... but I feel like a lack of white meat chicken shows that a restaurant is cutting corners and using sub-par ingredients. It'd be like if Jamba Juice used Kool-Aid or Tang to make their smoothies... not cool! If I return I'll try something else non-feathered and I'll leave room for the possibility of an upgraded review... but for now I'm going to brand Taqueria Mi Casita with a shameful 2/5 stars.This place is way under seasoned.  The beans were ok.  I hate that they use store bought tortillas.  I don't plan on returning.  There are better places near downtown Chandler.This place did not amaze me, I grew up eating Mexican food on Mission street in San Francisco so that may be where my bias comes from. I got a carnitas burrito, large drink and a carne asada quesadila and it came out to around $15. The quality of the meat was OK but the "guacamole" was a light green soup. This was a major turn off because the fat in real avocados blends with the saltiness of the meat to create a nice balance in most Mexican dishes. I would not recommend this place to anyone, while not terrible it is certainly not amazing.I really wanted to like Taqueria Mi Casita, but it just wasn't very good.The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful, and it was nice to see them interacting with regulars and newbies alike. Ordered a Carne Asada burrito, and this sucker was PACKED full. Unlike typical Carne, this was finely chopped beef vs. chunks.No big deal. What was a big deal is all I could taste was salt. :( Haven't been in a hurry to go back and see if this was a fluke, but definitely willing to give them a second chance per some recommendations Claudine F. made!As Yelp says, "Meh. I've experienced better." I was expecting some bomb Mexican food based on the yelp reviews I've seen, but dang!I know authentic Mexican. I grew up eating it & can make it myself, and this was completely subpar. I've pretty much lost faith in Mexican food in the Phoenix area. :(.

Beds: Lumpy and loud. It sort of felt like we were sleeping on dry rice balls instead of the plush mattress we were expecting.Cleanliness: Pretty filthy. Dust on and under every surface, dark stains splattered across the carpet, more stains on the drapes... ugh. A nightmare.Decor: Horribly outdated. I'm sure it would have looked very spiffy in the '60s, but it's way past time for a remodel. True Paris hotels haven't looked like this in decades.Bathroom: In a word: uncomfortable. It was small, it smelled nasty, and the water pressure was awful.CASINO: 2/5

Except no... After further reading, 90% of these great ratings are for the girl who does the eyebrow threading.My whole experience here was quite simply... Terrible.

MYKONOS BURGER has tzatziki, feta, and more of the grilled veggies: burger itself was a messy fall-apart version better eaten with a fork. Bun was dry and fell apart pretty quick, may need to find a different option. Side of greek fries was topped with herbs, simple and tasty.AVGOLEMONO is the best my BF has had- tart, thick, lemony, good amount of chicken, ample rice, solid and balanced flavor. Cup size is large, bowl is probably enough for an entre.

We walked inside right as Calvin Harris started his set and tried to make our way to the dance floor. The place was so packed that they had blocked off the dance floor so that no one else was allowed in. Whatever, that happens with popular DJs, but there was literally NO WHERE else to stand. Anywhere we stopped, we were motioned by bouncers to keep moving.We decided to try going upstairs to the upper level to see if we had more luck up there so we went to the elevators to go up and were told that the elevators were for "VIP use only". Wtf? Okay, so after about 10 minutes, we locate where the stairs are and go up. It was considerably more roomy up there, but there were so many tables (most of them empty) that there was NO WHERE to stand to see the stage. Once more people started making their way up there, we were again told that we couldn't stand behind the bottle service tables. We ended up doing laps around the club! It was ridiculous!All in all we probably only spent 30 minutes there because we were so miserable. Not even Calvin Harris's great set could keep us there longer. Maybe in a few weeks when the hype dies down and there isn't so many people it might be better, but it did not leave a good first impression and getting my friends to ever go back is going to be impossible.Pros: Not many. Good DJ's and the one great staff member we spoke to.Cons: Too many stairs, horrible use of space, way too many bottle service tables (most of which were not even in use) allowing no where to stand if you didn't drop 10k on a table, skeezy practices when it came to charging people who were told they were getting in free, etc, etc. I will most likely not be going back any time soon.My girls and I came here on Friday night to see Deadmau5. Thanks to our promoter it was relatively easy to get in. BUT once inside it was a mess. We started up 5 flights of stairs to get to the main floor, once here it was so crowded we could barely get to the bar. Now I'm not cheap or anything but a jagger/redbull cost me $21!! Needless to say that would be my last drink. Because it was so crowded we lost 4 of our friends pretty quickly. Here's my biggest gripe...stairs! stairs everywhere. You can't even look at people cause your eyes are focused on the ground. I saw a couple of guys trip on them. The next night we went to XS (my fav club in vegas) and had a much better time.This is just one overhyped club...that will leave you disappointed. I've been there twice now and I don't think I will go back unless I book a table, which I doubt cause it's overpriced...by a lot. First time I went was free cause my girl won tickets for 5 to see Bingo Players and I guess it was fun then since we didn't have to wait in line. Drinks are pricey but on the same level as every other Tier 1 club in Vegas. I had a decent time as it was free.99However, the layout almost strictly caters to tables as the whole club is littered with them. They spent all that money on this club and are hoping to recuperate the costs back with tables with exorbitant prices...I mean seriously, the club ain't no fun for general admissions. The dance floor is small, a bit bigger than Marquee's but that doesn't say much. There is no outdoor area...so you are trapped with no where to sit if you don't have a table. The hip-hop floor is cool though...so definitely check it out if you feeling some hip-hop.Last Friday for Tiesto, my second time there, a bouncer kicked my girl out cause we were waiting for Tiesto and she rested her head on my chest. LIKE WTF? These fools have no idea what to do cause the entire night they were looking for people to kick out for no reason! They followed my homie around the whole night but he didn't do anything wrong so they didn't kick him out. They are pretty much useless ass bouncers with nothing better to do. I don't even know his name but he was a short scruffy looking white guy. Obviously must have some sort of Napoleon complex...but man, waste of money for my Tiesto ticket. Not like I missed much though cause I heard Tiesto was too drunk to DJ and messed up a lot. Yeah, I don't think he really likes the club himself.I want this to be understood: This is not a club. Its a place where you can reserve ULTRA-EXPENSIVE tables, and watch tons of people crowd their way around your table for a free spot to dance, which won't be found. The focus of this club is TABLE RESERVATIONS. Every spot that they could place a table, they did. So there are no great spots to dance because there's a table there, and of course, a corded off area for their table guests to dance, but not for you. Do not go unless you can afford a table reservation. There is no point. Want to see that DJ? Go to Wet Republic to see the DJ, at least you can dance there.There are a couple of nice things (hence 2 stars):

* The free $10 slot deal really sucks because of their system... we lost the $10 by putting the card in and didn't get to play. We went to complain and they said too bad.

The prices are very reasonable considering the entrees come with tea or coffee (not soft drinks) and spumoni included.

They do however have a pretty nice selection of toppings.

. The speciality drinks are good as well. I make sure I tip

too many other issues to go into.

   Rather unfortunately nestled against an aged Aamco transmission shop, the forced symbiosis works only in respect to additional (shared?) parking for the restaurant. Anyway,no one with a wrench ran me off.

I felt dirty.I kinda really sorta liked it... =)________________________________

 Tye also serve exotic looking pitchers of cocktails.Thing is you think you are getting a good deal, until you realise than most of the pitcher is composed of ice cubes.There is a dance floor and the crowds can vary from students to more... well to more chavvy to put it bluntly. It's the sort of place that's trying to be sophisticated and swish without really achieving the ambiance for this. Instead it comes off as a bit cheap for a cocktail bar, but more of a cheap and cheerful place. During the day they also serve food, and their veggie burger is quite good and comes with under cooked chips and a rather bland salad. But they do have 241 deals on food most days of the week anyway.However, eating in a darkly lit, windowless bar with TV screens blazing out videos promoting vodka deals and people partying is rather strange. There are lots of couches and bars and it can hold quite a few people. You can also hire out one of the rooms for functions, but call first to arrange this. Oh and on  a weekend don't forget your ID the bouncers are very particular(and rude) about this, unless of course you are a girl in heels with minimum clothing.Somehow this makes you over 18.  I still don't understand what all the fuss is about.Smashed glass on the floor, straws littered on tables, sticky seats from spilt drinks, it's all here at 'Vodka Rev'. Sounds terrible doesn't it, but read again and you'll notice such shoddy characteristics are not the fault of Revolution itself, its more the clientele. Catch Revolution on any weekend night and it's just plain rowdy. Its popular with students, locals, even a few meaty bruisers and this forms an unruly lot.Still they don't exactly mitigate the issue either, the liberal amounts of cheap vodka sours and heavily alcoholic cocktails (not particularly nice either) are the catalyst here.Best avoided.A chain bar aimed squarely at students, mainstream nightclubbers and 40-somethings who have Bebo pages, Revolution is rarely tolerable and never pleasant, but I suppose that during the week at least, it serves it's purpose of getting students very drunk for a fairly reasonable price.At weekends, it becomes a lot more sinister and attracts the lower end of the Saturday night crowd. Best avoided.I'm afraid I have to support the crowd here. I've never really understood Revolution.I agree partly with what Lynsey says about the two different experiences of this play, day and night. During the day this bar on Chamber St. isn't really too bad. It's nothing special but it doesn't so easily offend. Furthermore I can't really appreciate the food. It's true that there are two for one deals, but when you take into account that some of the burgers are almost 7 for what amounts to a very small burger in a bun, a few leaves of lettuce and a little bowl of chips, it hardly makes up for it.At night the place does down hill. As Anna points out the bouncers are rude. The drink is expensive. It's also a haven for hen nights which can really turn a nice evening sour.I get the impression that Revolution is trying to be like somewhere on George St. Expensive and flashy but geared toward the younger hedonistic crowd. It doesn't even manage that.Frankly, I expected better from you Revolution.  Having visited your counterparts in different cities up and down our fair isle, I was disappointed by the lacklustre service and poor organisation I encountered at this branch.I was in Edinburgh for a water polo away match, and afterwards both the Manchester and Edinburgh teams wanted to fill their empty stomachs with some food, so we headed to Revs where an area had been previously reserved for us.  Despite our afternoon reservation, the staff seemed utterly baffled and flustered by our desire to order food.After several had placed their orders at the bar,the confused bartenders asked the rest of us to take our seats where someone would be around to take our order, yet after 10 minutes, none of the tables had been attended to, and we resolved to go back to the bar, where we were eventually allowed to place our order.The lighting in this particular area of the bar is really dark, which would be fitting for an evening setting, but not entirely appropriate for 3 o' clock in the afternoon.  In addition, the tables and even the menus, were really sticky.  This I could forgive, if they'd been busy and having quick turnovers, but again, we'd reserved this area, and they were expecting us, so there's not really an excuse for uncleanliness.The food took ages to arrive, and was really staggered, so that by the time half of our teammates had finished their meals, half of us still hadn't been served.  There's also NO phone signal in this place, which I know isn't strictly Revolution's fault, but is still very frustrating.The only good I can say is that we got a pretty sweet deal for our money.  We managed to get some sort of deal where we got a burger/pizza and a pint for a fiver, which is pretty good really.  The food didn't taste half bad either, once it had arrived.  But I probably wouldn't go back, as I'm almost certain I could find somewhere else that provides much better service and still manages to produce reasonable food.OK service, andHalf-priced Mondays are real treats

The restroom deserves a mention. It was disgustingly dirty and smelled of urine. Low and behold there was a disposable catheter in plain sight staring at me atop an overflowing trash can. They definitely need to remodel and clean the damn restroom. Ladies are trying on dresses valued anywhere from $99 to $3500. David if you are gonna have a bridal shop use some of that revenue to hire a cleaning lady. It's really gross! P.S. Deuce

They decided to clean the floor around us with a huge amount of bleach: gross fumes :(

The color is very far from my cuticle and it looks like my manicure is over a week old. When the technician asked if I liked it I said yes although I didn't because I didn't have time for her to re do it. I called while on my way to work explaining my situation and frustration and all they could do was offer me a re do on Tuesday because they're closed on Mondays. I asked for a partial refund (because it wasn't 100 percent terrible) and he said no because I told the tech they looked okay. Clearly the "manager" didn't understand that I couldn't have said no they don't look okay because I wouldn't have time to get it re done that day or any time until my next day off, next Sunday. I offered to send him pictures of how poorly they were done for him to see for himself, but that wasn't good enough.

I wouldn't return.

Let's bump the beats till beddy-bye at DOCG! - Group Love (tongue tied)The foremost reason we ate here was because we were staying at the Cosmopolitan and it's conveniently located outside of the room elevators. I thought that I had tried every restaurant at this hotel that I wanted to already, and I mistakenly tried to fit one more new experience in. You only get two or three dinners per Vegas trip so you better choose wisely. I'm usually a stubborn person but I also am willing to admit when I make obvious mistakes, and this was my fault.A few of their small plates, the grilled octopus and the crispy pork belly, were presented pretty nicely but just didn't hit the mark flavor wise. The ratio of each component felt off. I ordered the PICI pasta that came with braised duck sauce and truffles. When it came out, it seemed like it had sat in the line and got a little cold. The sauce was also a tad overpowering.I'm almost certain they share a kitchen with Scarpetta next door as they are both Scott Conan's restaurants. I absolutely rave about the pasta at Scarpetta but this was an entirely different experience. Maybe we should've tried their pizza but the small plates weren't impressive either. DOCG to me stands for 'Don't Overthink Cause Golly!' Stop by for a drink, but eat elsewhere.This place is totally incongruent.Came here because it was advertised as $$ (31-50$) on open table.It was $60 pp without drinks.The entrees ranged in orice from $23-38 (okay)Appetizers and salads $13-17 (okay)The cheapest bottle of wine on their wine list was $60. ? Really?  We just ate at Joel Robuchon and they had a number of different wines in the $40 range and this place doesn't even have one? Wtf.All of our food, appetizers and entrees came out at once.Octopus,  eh, no flavor, bland too fishy.Pork belly again terribly bland, served a top undercooked potatoes.The duck/black truffle pasta was the only saving grace of this meal. The pasta was fresh and well seasoned, I enjoyed this dish.Short ribs,  meh, I've had better. Never mind by the time I got to eat them they were cold because it's hard to try to eat 4 dishes at once on a small table. For the $120 tab, this place was totally not worth it.Not as good as it was when it opened.  When the Cosmo first opened the menu was much more reasonable, and the food was awesome.  We just ate there this last weekend, and the menu prices have increased dramatically and it is less of a pizza and pasta place than it used to be.  Also, the prices were dramatically higher.Bread was cold. Pizza was cold. Was a big fan of this place once upon a time. Really disappointed.The scialatelli pasta with lobster was really good but that was unfortunately eclipsed by the pizza that tasted like cleaning fluid! I had a bite of the pizza and immediately spit it out. My friend asked if he should try it, and I said "of course" so I knew I wasn't imagining things. He took a bite and spit it out and washed his mouth out. He said it tastes like they cooked it in Ajax. We called over the waitress to tell her and she looked shocked and just said "I'll tell chef" (not "the chef"). We stressed that they should check to see if there's some cleaning solution in the oven. She didn't reply. We eventually called over the manager since there was no report back from chef. This moron says "maybe you were tasting the char on the pizza". Are you fucking kidding me?! Char doesn't taste like Ajax. We explained that and he said "our ovens are 600 degrees and burn off everything". My friend suggested they check the prep station. He had zero concern about the issueIf we get sick and die, this is to let my family know to sue this restaurant and punch the idiot manager in the head.I really enjoy every thing inside the Cosmo. I assumed that D.O.C.G. would be up to par with my other expectations. Sadly, I was pretty disappointed. Our server was very, cold, if that's the right word to use. No personality, was very inconsistent with her service. We sat without a menu or drinks for 20 minutes before she came over, and then basically gave us 30 seconds to decide what we wanted. And then disappeared again for 30 minutes. It also took her a very long time to bring us our check.Ok- the important part, the food. We ordered 2 glasses of wine because the bottles averaged around $100 each. That's fine, but they should have some cheaper options. The wine was ice cold. Red wine should not be this cold. It made it taste like grape juice and for an $18 glass of wine, you'd expect them to know how to serve it. At a WINE bar.I ordered the scallops. They were undercooked, on a bed of soggy spinach, with white beans and hummus. Not one thing had flavor on my plate. It was bland on bland on bland, I am curious if the chef has even tasted this. Overall I was not impressed, and for the price and location inside the Cosmo, this restaurant should be better. I would avoid this place and go to any of the other restaurants inside the hotel, as they are all fantastic.Quite disappointed.... Overcooked cavatelli for an italian restaurant is a no go..... Good service, nice decor though....To start off we've been here before & its been good, never amazing. Tonight it was just not good. We ordered soppresata pizza & were given fair warning from the server that it was spicy....but the last sausage pizza we had at docg on our last visit was bland & we needed to load up on chilli flakes in a DIY style way. The problem I had with tonight's pizza is that the server & the menu forget to mention the pizza was loaded entirely with jalapeos! Even pulling them completely off the entire pizza my mouth was still on fire & I can do spice!To make matters worse the pizza was 100% soggy & the server told me it's too hard to get it crisp because they burn it...not really my problem...something the chef needs to address to get it right.The SCIALATIELLI pasta was good if not a little too heavy on the chilli (which is to be totally expected) which overpowered the seafood.Very small restaurant and lots of wood.  So first I want to say, I was so excited to try Scott Conant's restaurant while in Vegas.  I watch him on Chopped and heard his food was really good.  However I was not impressed.  We sat at the bar area and I asked the bartender/waiter how large are the clams, he said " I don't know clam size", so I tried a different way to ask by asking if they were Manila Clams, he replied "I don't know", so moving on, didn't order those, I ordered the calamari, hmmm shouldn't of done that they were rubbery, too much breading that was soggy and tasteless.  Needless to say we didn't stay and went elsewhere for dinner.  Chef Conant maybe you should check on your service and food quality, your name is attached to the restaurant. Such a disappointment. :(First night in Vegas at the Cosmo -- we decided to stay on property and we had enjoyed DOCG on past visits.Kind of a disappointment -- the first thing our server said was that 3 meat dishes and one fish dish were off the menu for the night -- unacceptable, esp since one of the meat dishes was something we would have ordered.We were looking for the arancini for an app but didn't see it - PLEASE PUT THEM BACK - they were excellent!What we ended up ordering was fine, but next time we will skip DOCG and head to Holsteins instead for an on-property first night meal.Definitely skip this one. Everything needs salt. Even the prosciutto. And that's saying a lot. Service isn't great either. I was actually going to ask for some salt to put on the entrees, but I never saw the server again once they arrived. Also, pretty sure that pasta is from a box. All in all, weak sauce.I guess I just expected better.  Not world class, not once in a life time, but just better.  The service was ok, better than ok, but about average.  The food was just plain ok.  Artichoke appetizer was severely underseasoned (solved by requesting some lemon and salt); cooked very well, and a truly interesting dish, and very good on quantity, but just underseasoned.  Rapini side was limp and soggy and also underseasoned.  Eggplant parm was soggy and the eggplant wasn't cooked through, so very tough and chewy and raw -- but the sauce was excellent.  Positives: Great, friendly sommelier.  As a Californian, we are spoiled by pricing, but ignoring that the selection was great and the advice was friendly and well done.  He wasn't pushy, was very open to our tastes and interests and price points.  Mushroom app was phenomenal.  Needed some salt, but I am really wondering how they cooked them so perfectly without even a hint of oiliness.  Worth ordering. My wife says the clams app was fantastic, but was surprisingly spicy (which she loves, but I wonder if average spice patrons would also enjoy).Cocktails were a tad watery.To their credit, they took the eggplant and rapini off the check and comped two desserts.  Skip the tiramisu (very dry), but DO get the salted caramel thing (wow!).In short, it was ok.  It wasn't great.  For the owner, I am perplexed.  They missed on basic execution issues.  For the price, there's much much better in LA and even in Vegas.  Not clear if Conant has just licensed out his name or if he just doesn't deliver on the demands he makes when he's judging other chefs on TV.Save your money and hit a local Italian joint, or spend your money and get a better meal elsewhere.We went the first night we arrived because of the good reviews and we were looking for good italian. We knew service was not good as soon as the bread never arrived to the table. We hope for good food and asked for the pasta with porcini. The pasta arrived with no porcini on sight but with black olives instead !? We taught we would have better luck with pizza so asked for the pizza with burrata. Pizza dough was old and for burrata we got two small scoops on top of it. Such a pitty for this place.My girlfriend and I had dinner here on 12/24/15 just prior to seeing a show at the Aria across the way.  We ordered the Arugula Salad, which was very good; maybe the best thing about this whole meal.  In addition, I ordered the Raviolini, which was ok, but nothing special.  I've had much better.  She ordered the Rigatoni and it is rated POOR.  You could easily do better from a mix in your home kitchen.  Blah.  Total bill, without wine was $65.94.  In a city with great Italian places, pass this restaurant by and go for the really great food.Grilled octopus was stellar, but the bartender dropped the check right after the appetizer, leaving me no opportunity to order an entree, then mystifyingly poured a full glass of wine into my existing, unfinished one without asking. There were 4 people at his bar, including me ... Not sure what to do with that one.Wine by the glass list was good but pricey.  The caprese salad was actually the best thing I ordered.  It was good and tasted fresh.  Bread before dinner and the olive oil was actually really good.  The pasta dishes were not very good.  Tried spaghetti noodles with bolognese so it was not a straight menu choice, but it was a greasy mess.  Didn't eat four bites.  Had tiramisu which was okay.  Coffee drinks just blah.  Two glasses of Cabernet, caprese salad, spaghetti and tiramisu with espresso was about $65.Not really sure what all the hoopla is about for this place. Overpriced and food was mediocre - my local neighborhood Italian restaurant does better at half the price. We ordered the sopressata pizza, the short rib pasta, and the lobster and rock shrimp pasta. The slices of mozzarella on the pizza wasn't melted on the pizza and was actually so heavy and still in it's original form that it slid right off due to its weight. The 'short rib' pasta that I had just looked, felt, and tasted like it was just ground beef. The taste wasn't anything memorable,until I realized it tasted just like Chef Boyardee (I went through a scary but so satisfying canned food phase in middle school). Pasta wasn't cooked all the way either. The lobster and rock shrimp was pretty good, but not a dish to order if you're hungry as portions were pretty small. In essence, this is the probably one of the few places where I left food on my plate and didn't ask for a to-go box. Sometimes, I'll even ask for a box and just throw it away the moment I get home due to guilt, but I really didn't want to see it again. I literally have never felt that bad as I could imagine my tiger mother screaming in my head about how there's a bunch of other starving asian kids in the Phillipines or something to that effect. If you're looking for great pasta, literally just take one step left and head to Scarpetta where the environment and service is actually wonderful or turn around and head down the hallway next to Jaleo and grab some awesome pizza. The next day I went to The Henry downstairs and even though the menu was more d cafe like, I wish I would have gone there instead of wasting my money here.Hard review to write. The food was wonderful, we had a combination of pasta dishes and pizzas (the Pici pasta dish was superb and the Sopressata pizze was a delighful combination of tastes). We ended the meal with the Salted Caramel Budino, which was heavenly. However, the service we received was terrible, our server barely paid any attention to our table or our needs. Then 40 minutes after taking our dinner order, he came to our table to say there was a mix up in the kitchen and he had to verify our order. Finally 1 hour after ordering, we finally received our food.  We even asked to taste one of the wines which was lovely and all 4 of us wanted to order a glass with our dessert, and our server didn't show up for 20 minutes after being given our dessert so we could order a glass, by then the dessert was gone and so was our desire for the wine, and our happiness with the restaurant. We did complain to the manager, who could have cared less. It was a busy Saturday night, but should that be an excuse for terrible service? I was excited to go to the restaurant, and left very disappointed, the bad service ruined a wonderful meal. Food-4.5 stars, service-1 star.Such a bummer...This place is simple & sexy with modern decor but still feels cozy. The service was excellent as well and our server really tried to help us out with our food situation. See below the pic of our pizza. Not sure how anyone thought it was ok to serve it to us. Not only was it really burnt but it had lots of chili oil on it which wasn't included on the description on the menu. I still went in for a bite and regretted it. I think this was the worst pizza I've ever tried and the chili oil stayed on my lips for the rest of the night. The pizza was hard & spicy and that overpowered any of the other ingredients. It's very rare to send something back but we did. We also tried the meat & cheese platter which needed some jam, honey or mustard; anything at all & the pici pasta which was by far the best thing that evening. Thick spaghetti with braised duck sauce & black truffles. This is the only item I would eat again. Scarpetta which is next door blew my mind but it's casual sister really disappointed. Keep in mind that this place is pricey. When you're paying about $25 for a medium size pizza it should be pretty damn great.Please retrain your staff, specifically Ariel.  Words like "pinche" and "chinga" can be easily translated for someone who is very familiar with Spanish.  Also, rolling your eyes doesn't help either.  I know my girlfriend didn't hear these things but I was standing right next to her.  I just sucked it up and told myself to stay cool while on vacation and not let a sour piehole like Ariel ruin the vacation.  On another note, drinks came out quick and accurate like all other Starbucks.Went here because it was close and I needed to eat something for under $10.  The drinks and food are overpriced but they are consistent with all the other locations in the casinos.  The staff is pretty nice though so that's always a plus.I ordered the oatmeal(about $5) for my late night snack (dinner) and when receiving it, the cup was about half-full with about an inch or so of water covering the oatmeal.  I had to dump some of the water out in the trash just so it wouldn't be like I was eating oatmeal soup.I didn't order any coffee but I'm sure it would have been fine.  Either way, it kind of bummed me out a little bit but that's how things go.  Overall for coffee I'm sure they are just fine as they probably are for their other foods and pastries just don't order the oatmeal.This is, by far, the slowest Starbucks in the whole entire nation. Why is there only one person working. The line wraps around the damn place. And apparently it is always the case. Terrible.As far as the actual coffee, it was fine.I believe this is one of the two Starbucks within the MGM.  This location is located in the center of the resort within the casino and next to the breakfast restaurant.  This Starbucks and the other on located by the food court consistently had a line during the morning hours.  I am talking 20 people deep.  20 people deep and they only had a few staff members so this meant a long wait for a coffee or whatever breakfast items you may be looking for.  The reason why this line grew so large was because this was the only other breakfast option besides the sit down breakfast spot.Here's the honest to goodness truth:  Hit or miss.  I've been to both locations and each time, it hasn't been consistent.  One time it's good and the next...not so good.  Consider my score a 2.5 and I will go back, because I'm due for good experience.  Just to make my self clear, it's not the service.  The service has always been good and there's a gal there that's super sweet (she's at the N. scottsdale location).  I remember her, because she has a two year little girl, too.We had dinner there last night April 14, 2011..Martinis were priced at $13.00 which is more than other restaurants in the area. The martini had too much lemon juice so had to be returned..second martini ok. The salmon was terrible due to their pouring maple syrup over the entire plate or something equally sweet.  My friend had the trout and thought it mediocre ... Service was slow - at least 1/ hour to get drinks and restaurant was 1/2 full.I guess I'd rather go to Cowboy Ciao's across the street .The food was okay, the service, ... that was nothing to write home about.  .  And it wasn't that busy.  I would not go back.  The mac & cheese were ok but not for raves, and nothing I'd order again.  It's just a place to hang out if you live or are staying around here, and I don't so I won't--ever.Food is good.  Restaurant was cold, literally -  as evidenced by other people wearing their coats and the server (Chris)  telling us "someone else said that".   Took forever to get service.  Server spilled water on the table when trying to fill a glass then spilled wine on the table when trying to fill a glass..  Water is one thing - I'm paying for the wine he poured  on the table.  I ordered a salad with dinner, it never showed up.  Not worth a second visit.Overpriced. Unrefined. Disappointment. To me "Herb Box" would invoke fresh, clean, seasonal flavors. This reminded me more of that other restaurant with the name "Box" in it.It seems like it has a lot of potential but they need to drop their prices and drop the deep fryer. It's a lot of fluff without much substance.Started with the Asparagus and Fennel Frites - aka, beer battered and greasy hunks of vegetable served in a basket with fake newspaper.Husband had the trout. Said it was good, and the side was a cheesey asparagus casserole. Came with spinach, which again was fried.I had the Halibut special. Fish was amazing  with a little tapenade on top but the fingerling potatoes were essentially home fries. No veggies on this entree unless you count the olives. Server was friendly but I should have known to ask the price on the halibut before ordering it. Atmosphere was sophisticated, but the giant flat screen detracted from what could be a really elegant dining experience.Our food was OK, but my wine (a California Pinot Noir) was undrinkable.  The server was uninterested in whether anyone at our table liked or disliked anything.  Any decent server would have noticed that my glass of wine was barely touched!Went here with a friend the other night and our food was excellent!  However, the service was the worst I've had in a long time.  The waiter took 20 minutes to bring us water and take our order.  The manager came over to fill both of our water AND wine glasses that had run dry because the service sucked so bad.  When we mentioned how we had been abandoned, she offered to take our order which turned out to be the wrong food being brought out. And our original waiter came over to apologize for his service being so bad because he had "big parties to wait on."  As if our little table of two was not important.Food was great in theory, but don't expect any dietary restrictions you have to be competently accommodated. Example: can't eat most grains, so ask for the shrimp on the salad to be grilled (rather than battered and fried), and the avocado not to be on toast. Shrimp grilled, but avocado appears mashed and spread on toast AND the server failed to mention that the fennel on the salad is also battered and fried. This silliness happened after I had already asked about tweaking two other items to be to accommodate dietary restrictions, and was told that everything is "made fresh" except for, apparently, those other two items.This appears to be part-and-parcel of the service problems referred to by other reviewers; our service was also extraordinarily SLOW. One member of our party waited 10 minutes for his food after the rest had been delivered. To top it off, I'm not really sure what the restaurant is doing having the gardener moving around whatever buckets and cloths and chemicals/pesticides he's using in the immediate vicinity of actively eating tables. It's not like the place is open for breakfast during the week, couldn't the owners have scheduled plant maintenance for a morning?For Sunday brunch:Issues mostly related to poor service and it was not crowded yet. One of our orders was incorrect and the waitress never checked to see if things were ok. The temp and texture of our food led us to believe it had been sitting out a while. I was never asked if I wanted more coffee and it was never offered. Even when waitress came to give us the bill she never inquired about the meal and at that point we just wanted to get on with our day. All in all pretty lousy experience that was not worth the $$. We don't plan on returning.The ambiance is very nice, it does have a good location but the food is not all that. My Salmon was on the dry side, the Arugula salad had no flavor, they just put cheese on it and the pork ribs were ok but not the greatest. It wouldnt be my first or second pick if where to eat again. Sorry guys! But the waitresses were very sweet n nice!I am really into good tasting food and this place lacked just that, taste. Everything was just bland. I should have known as soon as the waitress told me not to order the skirt steak. The service was lacking as well.I don't understand it people I will pay the price just provide me with the portions and the taste that's all I ask. I had a couple drinks appetizer, salad and a hair in my girlfriends sandwich.  This place claims to be American, that serves Mediterranean style dishes. Definitely not Mediterranean tried the Mezza sampler tasted like paste and chickpeas blended. Their organic salad was nothing special definitely way overpriced, lacking taste, for the price they better have used sea salt organic olive oil's and free range chicken that is non-GMO fed and I highly doubt they do that. Whatever, 72 dollors down the drain. On to the next place.Okay, worst service I have experienced in a while. Bartender was rude... we were a group of 20-30 year olds and he treated us like we were a pain in the ass and made obnoxious comments suggesting we were poor and wouldn't be able to afford our choices.... like WTF, do your job and get over the fact we didn't order a soda and you actually have to do something. Once we were sat, (after being told by the hostess that we wouldn't be able to sit outside on the patio for over an hour.. which remained empty for the entire hour we were there) we sat down and still hadn't received our drinks from the bartender.... we probably sat there for 10 minutes waiting for any member of staff to acknowledge us and then had to go and grab ourselves glasses of the service table. 30 minutes later he takes our food order... food came in a relatively prompt fashion, but was mediocre. I love the effort, the menu is enticing and healthy but was no way wow, or mouth watering. Maybe try dinner. To sum this experience up.... disappointing. There are MUCH better places to eat in the Scottsdale area.I've been to the Herbox many times in the past. On this visit I was disappointed in the menu.  The menu was blah not the same. The usual wait staff not present & friendly. This use to be one of my favorite places in Scottsdale not sure now. Hope things go back the old way.Ugh.  If their food and outdoor seating was not so great, I would give them 1 star.  I do not understand if they are always constantly under new management or what.  I have been several times a year for years.  Glutton for punishment I suppose.  Last time I went with my mother, NOT during a busy time, early afternoon weekday, and do you know we sat for 22 minutes and NO ONE came to wait on us?  We were quite obviously sitting there, too.  We walked out.  And guess what?  Never going back.  Their north Scottsdale spot, however, has always been superb.The food here is decent but nothing spectacular for the price. The service, on the other hand, leaves much to be desired, in our experience.

Service: Only 2 people working. We were greeted immediately when we walked in, but I got the feeling that I was supposed to have known what I wanted at that time.  The employee who helped us was not super friendly, but maybe it had been a long shift or...?

1. Both pools close at 7PM and Paradise pool does not allow guest to wear pants (WTF)

- bagel with cream cheesepros:

This $10 off promotion is not honest, because they can raise the amount as often as they want.

No pool side food or drink services, Don't waste your money.I've stayed here before several times and to be honest, I do like the rooms. We stayed here for our "birthday weekend" since my husband and I were born a day apart on May 11th-13th. He called in for the reservation and was NEVER told that the whole water park was to be closed at 3pm on Saturday due to an event. Well, this seems really poor customer service to me. We stay there BECAUSE we want to float on the lazy river and  spend a day using the pools and the slide etc without getting ousted at 3pm. I appreciate that a hotel sometimes books rooms etc, but this seems like a key element to not mention to booking guests. At the very least, we should have been offered a discount, but we were given a decidedly "tough shit" attitude when we balked at check in when we were notified. We probably won't go again despite the fact that we try to do a staycation twice a year at one of the pointe's properties. Just on priniciple. Doesn't seem like a good way to treat paying guests. We have lot of options in Phoenix and alot of properties have lovely water parks. Just to be fair, the property does have generic pools withing their "Wings" but take all the people that would be in the water park and cram them into a small pool area meant mostly for adults that can't tolerate screaming kids and teenagers and what you get is.....not a very pleasant experience for a weekend getaway. I am very disappointed.The suite was very nice.  Newly remodeled, clean and spacious.  The service was great.  The staff was kind and very helpful.  My main complaint was with the waterpark.  We arrived on a Saturday around 3pm.  The park was filthy!  The bathrooms were smelly and dirty.  The garbage cans were overflowing.  The pools were not clear.  It was overcrowded and very unpleasant. It was so bad we left and went to the pool near the room. That too was almost green and the water was hot.  There were kids running and screaming everywhere.When I complained the front desk staff said that was common for a Saturday in the summer.  The bell hop told us it would be much better on Sunday.He was right, the next day we had a much better experience although the waterpark still was not clean.  There were dirty bandaids on the walls of the lazy river, plastic cups in the water, food on the floors.  I expected much more.  The McDowell Mountain Aquatic Center has a much cleaner facility with similar features.There are too many resorts in this area for us to ever come back to Squaw Peak.  The pool at our Lifetime Fitness is much nicer than what this resort had to offer.I remember this place back in the 90's as being beautiful, a great place to stay.  Not anymore!  This is not a great place to relax after a long day at Spring Training games.  It is a very family oriented place, if you're looking for a nice resort feel and a place to relax in the sun, you might think twice about Squaw Peak.  I will say that the staff was very friendly, they can't help it if this place is old and tired.  It needs a makeover bad!Surly check-in staff informed us our room wasn't ready at 4:25 for 4:00 pm scheduled check in. Since when is check in 4pm? The overworked & undocumented maid staff have a sprawling complex to service, with not a single service elevator I can see, so expect to share the lift with a maintenance cart and a pleasant Spanish-speaking woman who smiles through her misery (at least they aren't surly) - if you want directions anywhere, consider it a good time to practice your Spanish.When I drove up, the bellman watched me unload my car & only jumped into action when my wife started to grab a luggage trolley.

If I was a 21 year old nightclub partier, I might even make this place one of my favorites, but there are three things that turned me off about this place and I will more than likely never go back on a weekend.  For one - the line was insane, and it started early.  I was there on a Friday and I was with two other males.  Forget about getting in w/o slipping the bouncer a few bills.  We waited for like 45 minutes while many other people who came after us were let in because they had one female with them, not to be mean, but some of these ladies barely classified as women in my book.  I'm in my thirties and that alone is just too annoying for me especially since I usually spend quite a bit when I go out.  I'm just not into that scene anymore.Moving on, my friends really want to go in, so we put some money together and suddenly the velvet rope opens for the three sausages to be alowed in.  :-)  Walk in, and it was REALLY loud, like too loud, but there was definitely a lot of energy in the place which is good.  Made our way to the bar, and we have annoying point #2, they have like four bartenders serving twenty thousand people, so we had to order a bunch of drinks and hold them or risk waiting another hour for a refill.  IAfter a few drinks, we made our way to the dance floor where annoying point #3 reared its ugly head.   Way too crowded and you couldn't move.  I am 6'2", 230 lbs and I felt like I was in a coffin.  Some people actually danced in this dungeon of a space, so I was being bumped into, pushed around, an all around crappy time at the dance floor.  One cool thing, Mike Tyson was nearby in a roped off area, and I had heard some other celebs were there as well. It's definitely a great place to go if you like being squashed in a like a sardine and you have at least one woman with you, but I'm too grown up for that now.  When I go out, I just don't want to deal with that kind of BS anymore.A few years ago I would have gone on and on about how great Tao is and if you we're planning on clubbing in LV, this is definitely a spot to hit up. However, the club has become so overhyped that it is always freaking packed beyond capacity.  Having a good time here solely depends on: 1. if you're drunk enough to not care about people all up in your breathing space, 2. enjoy the sweat off somebody else's forehead on you, 3. don't mind spending about 10 minutes to walk up about 20 steps, or 4. don't mind dying of sweat without even hitting the dance floor. Yes, it was TOO hot and crowded for this old timer.Nonetheless, it is still a beautiful club. The DJs weren't spinning anything out of the ordinary, yet, still did a good job of keeping the floors rockin. As far as pricing, it all depends on who you're with and who you know. Ladies can pay up to nothing at a place like this and fellas only have to drop a a bill or two to keep the night going. Overall, it's ok. Will I come back? Only if I'm forced to.Eh...Came here because my companion's company was having some sort of party to end a convention thing. Waiters were walking around with trays of food and I was starving so I spent the bulk of the beginning of the night stalking waiters, trying to get food. The food was decent but nothing special. I had a few mini burgers, skewered fish, and some other unmemorable stuff. I couldn't partake in the chicken sate because I'm allergic to peanuts (but that's my own fault). There was an open bar for the party so I took advantage, pounding some diet cuba libres (rum and coke) and tao-tinis (dunno what goes into this drink but it is powerful and delicious). We took a little trip out onto the balcony but it was way too hot, so we snapped a couple pictures and then it was right back into the much-needed air conditioned area.There was plenty of seating, little private booths with tables as well as a bunch of U-shaped and L-shaped sofas in the bar area. The music was decent. The DJ played a lot of mainstream stuff (and stuff that I find is too overplayed). A few of us were trying to convince him to play some house or electronic music but he was a coward who was afraid that his crowd would lose interest in the music and deem him a bad DJ. He did drop a few of my favorites later in the night, so I'll give him credit for that.Anyway, once the club was opened to the general public, it got nuts. It was so freaking crowded, I hated it. I got spilled on multiple times, not even by sloppy people, but the sheer volume of people rendered it impossible to hold a glass without spraying the contents all over innocent bystanders. The party people had booked a private spot on the balcony, which was nice, but that got messy too because drunk people do NOT know how to NOT spill (double negative meaning, drunk people spill all over the place). I mean, granted, it's a club, not a museum, and of course, it's Vegas, but c'mon people. Let's have at least an ounce of class and grace.Worst part of the crowdedness was the bathroom situation. Boys are lucky because boys pee quickly and there's good turnover in the male restroom. Sucks to be a girl because instead of one large female restroom, there were 5 or 6 individual bathrooms with a toilet and sink. It was cool at first because the doors have that special fog stuff where you can see through the door when it's open, but as soon as you close it, it fogs up and gives you privacy. However, once the line started to get long, it was horrible. And of course, all chicks take a thousand years in the bathroom because they have to pee, wipe, wash hands, check makeup, check hair, make sure their outfit is still in tact, etc. I wish they had an express line or something; like a bathroom without a mirror for people who just wanna get in, do their business, and get out.I can't comment on the pricing because I didn't pay for anything all night but I can't imagine that this place is cheap. Boys, prepare your wallets, and girls, pump up the charm to score some free drinks.All in all, it was a v. two-sided experience. Fun at first, disastrous at the end.I have been here a total of 3 times..and each time I had hoped it would be better. Friends who visit always want to hit this place up so I get us on the list..I am a good host.

I purchased and submitted my rebate with ALL the required documentation filled out as requested and waited until a week after the date they said to call them back (3 months later) if I had not received a check. When I called, they told me I had purchased the product AFTER the promotion ended. After hours of looking for the original receipt, I had proof I purchased it within the correct time period. I called them back and now have to send a fax to them and call them back again so they can reprocess the request.This is a complete scam. I believe this rebate company is making up lies in hopes that people lost their receipts, or plain forgot to call back regarding the rebates. Then this Velocity Fulfillment company receives the rebates and cashes them in or something for their own good or receives kickbacks from the manufacturers for purposely loosing or misfiling customers paperwork.If you have invested in this company, back out now before the Better Business Bureau or Television Networks investigates them for fraud. I guarantee this irresponsible handling of customers will not be dismissed.Only reason I give it 2 stars is because the lady on the customer service line when I called was extremely polite and respectful and gave me all the information I requested.Wife was told over the phone they had gluten free options. The items the guy mentions couldn't be found. Wait staff had no idea and we're quite rude.One guest had to wait extra long for her good then asked for mayo. It was slammed on the table in a huff.  Bad day in dodge I guess.Two stars and well deserved. The food is straight from the freezer to the fryer to the plate. Everything here is obviously prepared or processed offsite, assembled or heated up in the kitchen and sent out. The front house staff is efficient and friendly. The product they are asked to serve is poor.Yikes! This is my first and last time here. It's obvious that no one has put a dime into this esstablishment in years. Everything down to the chairs and bar counter are old and worn. I can't comment on the food, but the bar selection seems decent although I'm sipping on an awful pinot noir at the moment.I will not be returning.1 star for cost

While I can agree that Rashid is friendly, I can't say he's honest and fair. I also know not to trust the posts on yelp cause it seem that the posters are easily taken in by a friendly smile and have no knowledge of auto repair.Not as good as the former California Taco shop and I should know having just moved here from Chula Vista , California. They used a lot of rice and beans to fill my carna asada buritto. Could not taste any meat probably because it did not have flavor and the meat was such small quanity. Plus the prices went up, people in Pittsburgh do not what a REAL taco shop should be. The lady working my the front counter forgot my order or flan, so she really got a $6 tip. They are also trying to sell Costco bought M&Ms and candy for $1.50............ really ?I was eager to book with Rebecca, based on her website and the Yelp reviews.  I live two hours away and realized there would be a factor in me coming to her for a headshot, but her background still seemed to make it worth while.  When my daughter came down with mono, she was great with the cancellation. HOWEVER, here are the drawbacks: 1) The Living Social offer states she is willing to travel 20 miles.  She would not come 20 miles closer to me, which would have reduced my commute time. 2) She would only do headshots between 9 -10 in the morning and 5-6 in the evening, due to lighting.  She uses outdoors, not studio, so this, again, put me with an issue to get my make-up and hair done in the early morning so I could hit the road by 6:30 a.m.(not possible) or face afternoon commute.  Because I'm older, I look tired by 5 at night with a 2+ hour commute.  My problem? YES. But a 1 O'clock shoot time in a studio with soft focus works great.  To mitigate the problem, I asked if she had a hair and make up person in the area she works with. She said to come "natural".  I'm old...natural doesn't work with "old" and a head shot. :)  3)  The Living Social offer gives 2 prints.  After buying it, I found out that you cannot reproduce or use the prints in any digital format.  What good are headshots if you cannot reproduce them for distribution or use them in your social media?  This is obviously a come on to get you to "buy up".  4) Another issue of going through Living Social, you do not get the true value posted.  Rebecca's website says she meets with you to discuss the shoot and clothing options.  She flat out told me that she doesn't make enough from the vouchers to do anything other than take the pictures and print them.  No consultation.  This was a big reason why I bought her package, because I wanted expert advice.  5) Good luck finding a date and time that works.  She is slow to respond to emails and when I had dates available, she didn't. (My schedule is pretty wide open.) I finally had to get a refund.  The reason for 2 stars versus 1 is because she was good on the time I had to cancel for my daughter's illness.  I have worked in the L.A. area and have experienced much better professionalism and more honesty in what the end result would be with people who have studios to control the lighting.  Outdoor shooting is unpredictable.  So is Rebecca Vinacour Photography.OMG.... I have been coming to the original location for many years.... Just had some drama at the new location with the cashier... She couldn't understand my English and had to correct the order and was very upset!   Come to find out SHE 'S THE MANAGER!!! Funny!  And to think she's the one training others in customer service!

2. The place to buy tickets is actually not in the lobby with the prices of the ride (where it would logically be); instead you get tickets on the side of the building with NO SIGNS.

Service: We were greeted and seated quickly and our waiter quickly introduced himself. Immediately he was very familiar, wanting to call us by our first names and acting like we were buddies. This is not a style of service we desired, so this was an irritating factor that got increasingly irritating. When the waiter said to our underage diner, "go ahead and order a drink, I won't tell." we were less than happy, but he thought it was funny.

   Lentil soup was ok but really only a few old carrots and I couldn't find a lentil, Salad is useless would rather have had some papadums, with some chutneys. Menu is incredibly limited portions were tiny and prices were high. Naan was rationed out one piece at a time. Waitress was coughing and not covering her mouth, silverware was gritty and all in all 35.00 for two mains and a bowl of rice, just drank the water.

But the atmosphere is just sooooo crappy.

i'd dish more stars, you know i would

I had the carne tacos.  These are street tacos so they are small, about 1/3 the size of a restaurant taco.  I was expecting some very flavorful meat after watching it cook over the interior mesquite-fired grill.  If it weren't for the salsa on the meat it would have been flavorless.  The beef was chopped into tiny pieces, the bulk of which were very overcooked, dry, and leathery.  I would not order them again.  My wife had the chicken quesadilla and a chicken taco.  These were much better, although she had a hard time locating any cheese on the quesadilla. The chicken was a tad overcooked and not at all spicy, which is how my spouse prefers it.  If I ever went again I would order something with the chicken.Sorry Yelpers. I hate to rain on your parade, but meh...I didn't really find this place to be spectacular in any way. The restaurant was crowded which I expected, the service was ok at best. The food was mediocre. To me, this is an overrated hole in the wall that has somehow gotten really popular (power of suggestion maybe?). The entire restaurant struck me as unsanitary. The Salsa bar had a glass shield but seems unkept and overused. Most people there seemed like they were having a good time and enjoying themselves; I thought is was crowded, loud and disorganized. I would never suggest this place, or go back myself. Not terrible but absolutely nothing to write home about.It was ok, but I wouldn't go back.Just not special or noteworthy.Also, they got the wrong shells for my tacos and when I asked if it was ok to have them remade they acted like it was my fault for not being clearer. I pointed it out on my receipt and apologized even though I don't know what I could have done differently.The overall experience was subpar. No greeting or direction on where to order when we entered. The burgers were cooked a little rarer than our tastes. The food in general was just average. Not much flavor. Smash Burger down the street is much better. And there's no need to make a comparison with 5 Guys. I don't see this place lasting long. The operation doesn't seem to be run smoothly either.Expensive for what it is. Burger (6oz) fries and soda over 10 bucks. The fries were 2.40... And not for a five guys portion either!. Service was slow too... And the place was not packed out. I predict they will not last long.... Like johnnie brusco's.This is a walk up and order and they bring it to you kind of place. We both ordered hamburgers. The buns were cold and very "weak", it fell apart half way through. The basic items a customer might need are only available by going to the counter and asking for it. This includes napkins, salt, pepper, forks, refills, etc. They are running around at the counter so they might not get things to you quickly. Overall not too happy. There are certainly other more customer friendly hamburger joints.First thing I noticed is the price. The price is high for the quality you receive. The sweet tea was not good, very bitter. I ordered the cheese steak and it came out very sloppy, thrown together. The worst part was the bun was cold! The cheese was overwhelming and tasted like baseball stadium cheese. The only good part about our meal was the fries. The fries were tasty. Crisp on the outside soft on the inside.

-Carson & Gold Tower rooms have no desk, just a little table--difficult for working

gnuti- this was somewhat tasty and rich, with well cooked chunks of lobster, however nothing I'll remember tomorrow: 7/10

The free internet sucks big time.Super pimpy looking spot with tasty appetizers.  While I'm no fan of overcrowded hotspots, the ghost town vibe kinda creeps me out.  This was my first visit for happy hour, but my girlfriend told me that the past few times that she stopped in, it was also dead.  It was so quiet, our conversation echoed through adorable, whitewashed lobby.  We were the only patrons in the joint on a Wed night from 5:30-7:45, until we were leaving, when 2 other people came in.  I had received a $25 restaurant.com certificate as a gift, which would turn into a disaster.  Since it was my first visit, I informed the bartender of my certificate and asked if I could use it.  He informed me that I could, but would have to sit in the dining room, not the bar, to use it.  I prefer the bar, but oh well.  My server approaches, again I notify him that I have a certificate I would like to use.  He happily takes the certificate and says ok, no problem.I attempted to order a three different types of vodka to which I was informed they don't carry.  Ok, let's try the house Chardonnay.  "Sorry we don't have that right now."  Hmm, the KJ "Avant" Chardonnay?  Yes, fifth time was the charm.Thankfully Happy Hour prices take 50% off of the apps & drinks, which are normally $6-12 each.  The food quality was delicious, however portion sizes were conservative. We tried the hummus, braised short ribs, truffled mac styx, and chicken sliders.   When we asked for our check at the end of the night we wouldn't see our waiter for close to a half hour.  He finally returned, completely confused, to inform us that we couldn't use our restaurant.com certificate that I had clearly asked 2 different employees about AND sat in the restaurant instead of the bar.  On my inaugural visit I left quite disappointed because they jerked me around.  If I they weren't going to allow me to use my certificate, they should have told me at the start of my evening when I first asked, not after they led me on to believe that I needed to order the minimum dollar amount stated on the coupon!To sum it up: cute place, tasty apps, but they're disorganized and need to work on their customer service.We took a spontaneous trip to Vegas this past Easter weekend and after seeing the beautiful pictures of Rumor (and after finding out it was about $80/night for the champagne special), we decided to book a couple of nights there. We've never stayed off the strip before, so we thought this would be a good time to try something new. Besides, we've stayed at boutique hotels in other cities and have always loved them!Well, or so we thought... Rumor is beautiful. The decor and furniture alone are worth the 5 stars, but that's about where it ends..Our room was at the very corner of the resort and wasn't the room we had requested. They told us they were fully booked and to check in the next day to see if more would be available. However, from the time we checked in to the time we checked out, we barely saw any guests there.Numerous things about our room wasn't working either. The phone, for starters, was missing the plug to actually BE plugged in. The iron and the outlet in the bathroom weren't working either. Little things, but they really started to get annoying after a while. The hotel also does not have a fridge or coffee maker, which is kind of a bummer.So, skip this hotel and find something better on the strip.This hotel is from the people who brought you the Artisan.  Club vibe.  Pool party with about 12 people and a DJ in the common pool area.Rooms show a lot of wear and tear, but clean.  One of the two A/C units in the room only blew hot air.In-Room amenities were scarce.  2 big towels, 1 hand towel, 1 washcloth.  Had to call front desk for drinking glasses.Planes overhead every 4 minutes or so.Stay here if you plan on spending most of your time at the pool.Wouldn't stay again.I planned a night out with my boyfriend, a little stay-cation if you will to get away for the night. I had always been curious about Rumor, I like that it was 18 and over, off strip and different looking as in a Boutique style resort.I suppose my curiosities have been roaming free now for awhile because I was a bit let down by my experience. The property website is very misleading in many ways!We stayed in a Junior suite which is not really a suite at all, the room is very small and we had to request a room with a soaking tub as not all of the rooms have them. Keep in mind it is a soaking tub to splash around in, NOT a jacuzzi as there are no jets. FYI- they no longer provide bubble bath as per their photos, they used to provide a bottle of Mr. Bubbles to enjoy in the soaking tub. I walked to the front desk and the clerk Nancy gave me a couple of tubes of body wash to use as bubbles. They also cut out the luxury toiletries they boast about on their website. No longer are there the fancy pump bottles of luxury shampoo/conditioner and body wash in the rooms. The property is loud, the windows you can hear everything happening outside, like the start up of a car in the adjacent parking lot. If you like sound sleep then this is not the place for you because on the other side of the property you have the pool party and music playing. The furnishings are worn already and this property is not very old, a couple of years it has been around I believe. Our television was jacked up, the clarity sucked, and speech delay was annoying! Also they provide for FREE an adult porn channel, did it work? Hell no! I called the office after searching for it, they advised is channel 69, OK so when we clicked on play movie what happens...Nothing! I called the office and spoke with Nancy who informed she will call maintenance. That was a bummer, an adult property with free adult movies and the channel is not working. Yep unplugged the TV, reset the remote, etc and nothing worked and there was never a response from the front desk. Us having the pleasure of porn was clearly not a priority of the front desk! Another issue is the presence of security, I understand this property has had an issue with the rooms being broke into before and perhaps is not located in the most desirable area but damn. We also noticed the ghetto window locks on top and bottom of our room window. Security is all over the place, everywhere you walk or turn you see him. My boyfriend asked where the vending machine was and security informed they have none however they have a convenience store next door and would he like for him to walk him there? WTF? Wow. Yeah my boyfriend even unplugged his spark plugs from his car for the night. They have a card you can fill out and leave on your door with your order selection checked off, says leave on your door by midnight for breakfast room service delivery the next day. Hmmm woke up, where is our breakfast? I open the door and the tag is still hanging there, nobody came and got it. The funny thing is that I had a feeling that would happen, I knew after our experience that day that this service would also disappoint in some way! I called the office and they apologized and sent someone over to get it off the door and work on our order. The room service gal shows and informed they comped our two Orange juices for the trouble. She explained how another coworker from the night shift dropped the ball etc etc. The best thing of all was my breakfast, the cinnamon roll french toast with maple syrup and creme glaze was delicious. The best part of this stay other than tub fun with my sweetie!The rooms are small but cute, I like the artwork and dark goth style and dark plum wall color. Pass this place up, don't waste your money or time, is way too frustrating in so many ways to even bother with.Yeah Rumor is not all it is cracked up to be. The Junior suites are not suites at all, the rooms are small, the place is a safety concern, no vending machines, adult channel does not work, and room service is not reliable.Nancy and the staff are friendly however not problem solvers. They have no urgency for issues that arise.The positive on this property is that the beds are extremely comfortable, I want to buy a mattress just like the one we slept on! It was a great bed indeed!Me and a couple other girls booked a room here last minute because we decided to drive up on Friday instead of Saturday morning as originally planned. We didn't want to pay for a pricey room on the strip at the last minute, so we found this place online, thought it was cute, and we ended up here. We parked in front, we were greeted by the valet, and we checked in. There were 3 male employees standing in front when we were done checking in. We had a ton of bags so we asked if we could use the luggage cart. Not once did they even offer to unload our luggage. They didn't even bother to help move the cart over to the car as they watched us struggle to get the cart over curb. One of the guys left to smoke a cigarette a few feet away and the two others just had a conversation as they watched us unload all of our bags from the car. Only when we had 2 small bags left to unload, one of the workers asked if we needed a hand. Seriously? I have never experienced that in Vegas. Usually we stay at the bigger hotels on the strip, but again this was last minute for this night and we had reservations for the Venetian for the following night. When we stay at other hotels we usually pull up, someone greets us, they ask if we need help with the luggage, they unload it, we tip them, and that's that. I guess this hotel isn't big on taking care of their guests. It's unfortunate because the hotel itself is quite cute. It would have been a decent stay, but the initial impression just turned me off from this place altogether.I came with some friends to hang out and celebrate a recent graduation with some food and drinks.First impression inside...very modern...very clean...very trying to hard to be a name brand LA hotel hot spot. meh...

Girls at the front desk were great and efficient

My vehicles which were both purchased there will no longer be serviced there.  They chopped this customer off as of today.Hopefully your vehicle never needs any maintenance or breaks because you'll be waiting 1-2 weeks to get an appointment and even then it better work with their schedule because yours doesn't matter.Do yourself a favor and get your Jeep and Service it at a different dealer. I purchased my Jeep Grand Cherokee from this dealer in December of 2014. The salesman at this dealer were pushy much like I've come to expect out of dealers at this price point unfortunately. My salesman was relatively knowledgeable on the vehicle.My bad experience with this dealer occurred when trying to get my vehicle serviced at 30k miles. They are unable to meet their own timetables whether due to ineptitude or accurate communication with the customer. An oil change, which done at any other shops could be completed in under 20 min, will take longer than an hour and a half even with an appointment.The shuttle service they offer is unable to handle any sort of timely pickup or delivery because they don't staff themselves to be able to handle the customer base they have. You end up being treated with contempt, rather than respect, when trying to get information about when to expect the driver to show up. I ended up waiting almost 2 hours for the shuttle, living less than 2 miles away. I ended up walking to get my car due to their failures in customer service. I've owned Jeeps, Audis, MB, and Nissans. This is the worst level of service I've received from the dozen or so dealers I've been to. Please don't wast your money here or time. You deserve mutual respect.Edit:

The blooming onion was good but thats it.

if it werent for them, i would hardly rate them one star.

 Was mich auch nicht glcklich macht ist das permanente Nachgefrage nach Softdrinks und sonstigem Zeug. Man kann echt hingehen und sagen "Ich htte gerne zwei Matjesbrtchen ohne Getrnk, Kartoffelecken und Salat" und es kommt dennoch vor dem Zahlen die Nachfrage, ob es noch ein Softdrink fr nen Euro sein soll. Nett gemeint, aber mich nervt das. Ich schau die Dame dann nimmer an und sag einfach nix - immer wieder lustig. Mal im Ernst - ich wrde mir wnschen, dass der Service nicht sein Ablaufdiagramm durchzieht, sondern mir als Kunden einfach mal zuhrt was er will (und was nicht).

Needless to say, I don't take kindly to cold corned beef, and this yid certainly doesn't eat it with a tomato. The matzo ball soup is questionable as well. You start off thinking, ehh this is not bad, but by the end of the bowl, you doubt your order. The small chicken chunks look like something out of a Campbell's can, and you wonder whether this is bouillon or canned soup with a matzo ball plopped in. The black and whites aren't bad, but the rugelach seem more like strudel bite pastries you would buy at Smith's. They're okay, but I'm not sure if they merit the title "rugelach." The bagels are decent. I dunno about this place. It seems like a Jew hasn't been in the kitchen in a very, very long time.Technically this place has bagels, but they aren't great and they only have one type of cream cheese-plain! Eww!  A little variety, please! The workers weren't overly friendly, will never return.Before leaving the Sun Coast on a hike on the Angel Park Trail, my brother and I decided on something to fill us over. Because the Sun Coast is in want of a fast food restaurant, we decided on the Bagel Corner Cafe. The Bagel Corner Cafe is tucked in the southwest corner of the South Coast near the Sport's Book. It is a cozy corner with a nice interior and sufficient seats. As far as the coffee and bagels: color me unsatisfied. The coffee was Folger's, and the way it tasted; it was undrinkable. This is something that management ought to fix because a few feet away is Java Vegas serving Starbuck's coffee that is in reality not much more $ than Bagel Corner Cafe. The bagel with cream cheese that came in a small tub to spread; was one of the worst bagels that I have had in a very long time. That includes Starbuck's bagels. The bagel was slightly hard and lacked taste.   Friendly employees took my order. They welcomed me immediately, asked for my name and in a few minutes, they paged "Daniel."  I rate Bagel Corner Cafe two stars. I was unsatisfied with the gross coffee and slightly hard bagel. If it wasnt for the service, I'd given them one star.Or "Let's try breakfast from a different angle at Suncoast, Take TWO!" After Cafe Siena, I figured that breakfast anywhere else HAD to be better. I discovered that the Bagel Corner was open 24/7, and hey...because BAGELS.  You can very rarely go wrong with a bagel breakfast...Except.  HERE.Once again, the service was fast and friendly, but it doesn't seem like there's a single place where the food matches it.  We both got bagel sandwiches and coffee, and the coffee was once again so weak, it tasted like it had been schlepped on over from Cafe Siena. (But we SAW them making it fresh, so maybe it's just the brand they're using). As for the sandwiches? If you are a fan, then you know that the base of the sandwich - the bagel itself - is THE most important part.  Screw whatever goes on it. If the cream cheese was flown in fresh from Philly, it don't mean NOTHIN' if the bagel's not up to par.  And these were NOT. Barely toasted, grainy and gravely, without the smooth "crun-CHEWINESS" of a world-class bagel like, say, Einstein's, even the butter wouldn't melt all the way into them, as if it were ashamed to have anything to do with a bagel that was so sub-par. I ordered a sausage and egg on whole wheat, and a cinnamon-raisin with butter and honey. (I asked the guy at the counter if they had any honey-walnut cream cheese schmear, and he looked at me as if I'd just asked it in Bocchi.)  I have already described the bagel consistency to you, but the cinnamon-raisin had only a whisper of cinnamon and raisin FLECKS in it, instead of big pieces of sweet, chewy raisins actually baked into the dough.  And the honey? It came in packets, and when I tore one open, it looked as if it had been fresh when Carter was President.  I was tempted with the other sandwich to just take the sausage and egg off and eat them 'naked', but I was hungry, so I choked it down with some hot brown water with cream and sugar. Scratch yet ANOTHER Suncoast Hotel eatery off the dance card.  I mean, do the staff actually EAT here? You would think they'd know...Went to Woody's BBQ with my family on a busy Friday night.  The service was very slow and we waited almost an hour before the food came out.  The place was crowded.  We ordered a slab of ribs, onion rings and a combination plate with all the meats.  My wife enjoyed her dish and the slab of ribs were just OK for me.  The onion rings weren't that great.  I saw a manager yelling at a service from our table.  Don't know what the issue was but it was unprofessional.  He was really on her.  Don't think I will be back, I have a better experience at Famous Dave's.I've been to Kitchen 56 for a couple of happy hours before and the experiences were probably about 3.5 star-worthy.  The outdoor patio is cute, the wine selection is decent, and the happy hour is better than the Vig's if you prefer wine over beer.  This solidly-decent streak was broken last night when seven of us showed up and were told there was no room for us on the patio.  Fine, we took a table in the dining room.  A manager stopped by to apologize for not being able to accomodate our desire to sit outdoors.  We forgave her.Our waiter was surly, telling us he was the one who was "forced" to help us.  I get that it was a wry joke (maybe!) but there was zero humor behind it, and he seemed more genuine than not.  He then informed us that we did not "qualify" for happy hour because we were not seated at the bar or on the patio.  He was so unapologetic that I thought he was joking.  We asked if we could have the special anyway as we were there specifically FOR happy hour and had intended to sit outside if the few tables had not already been taken.  He disappeared to ask and returned with a solid N-O.  We decided that this would not stand, and walked out as multiple members of the waitstaff and the manager watched, expressionless.  Guess they had already made too much money that day and didn't have any more room for ours.The dining room was empty, by the way.  WTF mate?  Seven of us could easily have racked that tab up to $200 in drinks alone, if only they had let us partake of their flimsy happy hour deals (which do not include food specials) for the one hour that was remaining of the special.  Real nice, Kitchen 56.  REAL NICE.They really deserve one star for that as my previous experiences weren't exactly shining examples of service, but, unlike the staff at Kitchen 56, I am feeling a little generous today.The burrata is not burrata, and the zeppoles are not zeppoles.  In addition to the inacurracy of the menu descriptions, both items were poorly executed.  The mozzarella masquerading as burrata was dry and tasteless and the stale, hard fried dough sticks were, um, stale and hard.  Of the other four items we ordered none were exceptional.  The calamari was quite good, the mussels were overcooked and rubbery, and the pepperoni pizza was acceptable as was the arugula salad.Service was also lacking, with three different waitstaff involved in getting us our food late.  Overall disappointing.I've been wanting to try this place for a while now since it is within  a few miles of where we live.  I finally was able to stop by and ordered the spaghetti and meatballs to go.

I walked in and the front desk girl was really friendly. She assigned me to a nail specialist right away. They gave me the polish samples for my pedicure and the gel samples for my nails at once . I had a hard time picking my gel color because there was so many options. At last, I finally picked a glittery color! The nail specialist went on doing my nails and then 30 min later all I see and hear is one of the nail specialist (not mine) basically talking down upon another employee. I was not trying to eavesdrop, I had no intention to..I'm getting my nails done for god sake.. Not looking for drama at a nail salon srsly. BUT the nail specialist was so loud, I literally heard every word she was saying and the worst part is she was talking about it to her clients. Did I walk into a nail Salon or high school? Well it's none of my business regardless but it was really unprofessional and unnecessary! ANYWAYS.. so that occurred and I could already feel so much tension in the air... awkward af.  After my girl was done doing my nails, I walked up to the front to pay and she hands me my bill saying 80 dollars. Uhhh.. What the heck? Most nails salons charge 35-40 on gel mani unless you get acrylics or designs but I didn't have anything like that at all. I kindly asked and the girl told me that it's 60 for the gel manicure and 20 for the pedicure. I asked why is it sixty and she said "because of the brand".... No warning, no sign, nothing was said to me. She was trying to make me feel better saying that this certain gel brand last longer... I paid my 80 plus tip and left.

3) It's close to home.

The soap is cheap. I washed my hand with it and realized that the slippery/soapy feeling was not going away. It is not the moist feeling from a moist soap like dove or something.

First of all:

10:45 AM, on a Thursday... Yeah that won't be the busiest of days, but is it really necessary to have only one cashier? And a slow one at that. There were 3 women in front of me each paying separately for a combined total of 7 items.

I watched the dryer step into the truck's bed to wipe off the rear window and open each door to wipe inside. When he waived his rag to us sitting outside I went to my truck and showed him my receipt and gave him the two dollars for a tip.

- The place was nearly empty (reservation not needed)

Cod appetizer over polenta--too salty, uninspired, and somewhat bland

I'll be honest, as I was driving home, the smells were amazing coming from the two bags on the seat next to me. I unpacked those boxes and handed the kids theirs first. As I opened my container and Kisha's, I noticed something missing...the toast from both of our orders. One order of wheat, one order of white. I looked in the bags again to see if I had missed it....nope!! Not a good way to start off Honey Cakes. It wasn't very busy and I would expect that even if it was that the order was checked and double checked. But, I understand...things happen. I called and made sure they knew that I had been short changed so I could get my toast next time.Unfortunately, this isn't where the disappointment ends. As Kisha and I dove into our food, we both kinda looked at each other, perplexed. Kisha's brisket came served in a BBQ sauce, mine was without since it was in an omelette. It made no difference. The brisket was dry. I mean stuck in the middle of the Sahara with no water and only sand to drink dry. Not only was my brisket dry, but the entire omelette was dry. It was way over cooked. The accompanying potatoes had suffered the same fate. The majority of them were dried out. I like my potatoes to be a little crispy on the outside, and soft and tasty on the inside. Kisha had the same concerns. Over cooked scrambled eggs, dry brisket, and over cooked potatoes. We shared the original pancakes and those weren't that great either. The kids did enjoy their food, so at least they walked away happy.

Peccorino

-----------------------The closest newer theater (opened Oct 1997) with 3D is less than 3 miles away at Fiesta Henderson Casino, 777  West Lake Mead Parkway Henderson, 89015.Extremely old and outdated (you know, the feeling you get when you step into a grocery store like Von's or Albertson's and it was all original inside , never renovated?). I went here many times when I lived in the area, but haven't been back since (no reason, especially since I don't like it). If it was a popular movie, it would tend to get crowded since this is the only theater in the immediate area, especially during summer time.For $4.50 / matinee ticket, my wife says that I shouldn't bitch, but I'm going to anyway. The seats are smaller than a coach seat on a little commuter plane; the theater only holds about two dozen people, and it becomes very crowded, very quickly. The volume is set a little too low to overcome the sound of all of those candy wrappers, all that breathing, and the general susurration of any crowd of people. The "mix-and-match" candy bins, though - HELL YES I love that.cash only, even for large orders (funeral). The "there's an ATM down the street" does not help for large ordersThough I like Pep Boys for their huge amount of choices I might be careful of this one. I went in for a code reading when my check engine light came on. The guy was happy enough to come out and check it for free, which was great, but when he ran the code he said, "I have no idea what that code is." And he didn't even offer to look it up for me. I am no mechanic, but went online and found it. Nothing huge was wrong, but needed to get it taken care of. Business could have been thiers, but not now!!Tried to get their FFL info emailed to me so I could send it along with other info to transfer and have a pistol send in.  After asking 3 times for it and them reiterating that they would only fax their I to to the other dealer, I gave up.  Business must be good to turn folks away.  I wanted to spread my business around, but I'll just deal with Davidson Firearms on this transfer.Just ordered a homestyle chicken sandwich.  Had bad lettuce on it.  Ordered large Dr Pepper.  Either the syrup ran out or it's not calibrated correctly.  There the soda out.  Rest of order was fine.I brought my entire family here. There are 5 of us. Dr. Grant is very nice, but his kindness does not over shadow the rudeness of the two ladies at the front desk. If Dr. Grant fires those two, I would definitely go back. In the meantime, I switched and took my entire family with me.Dr. Grant is very helpful and kind, and does well at his job! Unfortunately, his staff in the front office is terrible.Last year, I had an exam, and was really excited to pick out a pair of glasses. After I picked a pair I really loved, I told them I was ready to place my order. The lady at reception asked me to try on my glasses, said she didn't like them, and told me to pick out another pair--also adding that I couldn't afford it. I picked out another pair, which she also said she disliked on me. She then picked out a pair herself, and tried to convince me to buy the pair she picked out. I told her I liked the pair I picked out best, and she huffed and sighed and just said, "Alright, but the pair I picked looked best."It made me very hesitant and nervous about receiving my new glasses. I'm so glad I made the decision I did because I love my glasses.Today, I called to get my prescription. I have a very low prescription, but can't afford a check-up or brand new pair of frames, so was hoping to get a pair of drugstore reading glasses to hold me over until I could. I called the office, and when I asked for my prescription, the lady on the other end told me my prescription was expired. I just replied that it was okay, I still wanted it anyway. She then asked me, "Well, why?" I told her I just wanted to have it on hand. She replied, "You can't do anything with it since it's expired. You won't be able to order anything, you know." I told her that I knew, I still wanted to know my prescription. She sighed and put me on hold to grab my paperwork. I did eventually get my prescription, but it should not have been such a hassle.Any interaction I've had with the front office staff has been like this.I'm told Anna is no longer at the business.The man there says he's her son and he knows the grooming business says he's worked right alongside her for years.

Hotel Fees: $64.96

It started with signing up to make an appointment and save my favorite styles.  I asked not to be put on any type of mailing list and I did not want to receive any advertisements or offers.  Despite choosing those options, Davids Bridal decided to not only send these unwanted emails, but they shared my information with business partners.  I then tried to unsubscribe using the link on the emails all to no avail.  The kicker was that once after I had "unsubscribed" I received an offer from Shutterfly and David Bridal that had expired almost 4 years ago!!!!  How does that even happen in this day and age with everything digital?  That is ridiculous.  One of the employees at the store I went to was able to take me off the email list, but I shouldn't have had to resort to that in the first place.

Prosciutto/Beef cheek ravioli

Adding $2.50 for a "combo" means nothing more than paying $2.50 for a tiny bottle of soda on an already overpriced sandwich. Walk an extra block and get your moneys worth at McDonald's.It gets 2 stars because I've had worse.Well there's $40 that I'll never get back. On the plus side, I'm stuffed to the gills. On the negative, there are so many varieties of bland meat in me right now that I'm not sure what to do. If you're going to get food here, maybe just don't.Really not much to brag about, only advantage is the long hours and nice decor for Chinatown.I got 2 dishes to go.Mongolian Beef was insanely sour with barely any veggies a steep $15.

Positives; Good beer, great outdoor seating, lots of TV's

the rice. this place also did not get the rice right. over kill with the rice vinegar + sugar. yea. sugar. I can still taste it. terrible when you eat the rice with over power taste of vinegar and sugar. and then, they use a lot of sweet sauce (unagi sauce) to make the food taste like chocolate cake (very sweet in a way) and one of the item they use tons of mayo.Not good for takeout. Unfortunately, I can't say what the food tastes like. I walked in for takeout, ordered a couple sushi rolls, and was told 20 - 25 min. Seemed a bit long, but decided I'd just run a quick errand and come back. Server got my name and number. I came back 25 min later and was told it'd be another 15 min. "They had gotten swamped." Pretty sure they just forgot my order. I just cancelled my order and went elsewhere.The food is good but I do not understand how no one has addressed how slow and disorganized they are here. Still sitting here an hour later and we haven't gotten all of our food. Staggering is one thing but the first two came out after about 20 minutes, the third after 40 minutes and still no sight of the fourth. We've asked to close out and cancel the forth and there wasn't even an acknowledgement or apology for the wait. No prices for most of the rolls on the menu either and they don't itemize the bill. The table next to us was overcharged. Hopefully this is a bad night for this small business because the experience has not been a good one and I'd hate to see them go out of business because they're not adequately staffed.Beware!!!The to go orders are 1/2 the size.

                - It was not crusted... the (yummy) "crust" was a tiny bit on TOP of the Filet Mignon. The onion rings were terrible. Battered with no spices. The steak was cooked perfectly but a bit on the salty side.               Tao Shabu Shabu kobe beef cooked in a ginger scallion broth with wasabi dipping sauce

I ordered a $11 glass of wine and disappointed that it was barely 1/3 of the glass full.

1. Way too crowded, small, and stuffy for the number of people they let in. Good luck dancing anywhere. You can manage shoulder movements, but that's about it.2. Stairs only to get to each level.... seriously?! Great marketing strategy, actually. Stairs in stilettos = painful feet = drink until it stops hurting = $$$ for Marquee!3. It feels like you're being herded in like cattle as a female4. Music is great on the hip hop level, but there is NO WHERE to dance!5. Did I say it was crowded?

-STYROFOAM- THE DEVIL OF THE PLANET.

First and last time for a Murder Mystery dinner.If we could get our money back, we would.Save your money and go to dinner and a movie! This was way overpriced for the value. The food was not good. The only thing that made the night worth while was being with our friends and having my husband get picked as one of the suspects.Somehow we managed to get a supreme pizza with all of the toppings in the center of the pizza. Crust was good. Just looked like a store bought frozen pizza. I really enjoyed the pepperoni pizza though.I read the reviews on Yelp and I almost didn't give this place a try, but I figured since its close and new to me, I wouldn't judge till I tried it.Honestly, I wouldn't say the pizza was gross or disgusting by any means. It was just okay... Some reviews mention how it tasted like frozen store bought pizza. I'd say that is very accurate. It wasn't gross, just didn't seem fresh. The crust had to be frozen before they made it.DO NOT get the chicken wings, I ate 1 and was finished. They taste just like those frozen chicken wings you get from the freezer section at Walmart. No Bueno!The pizza here is not too bad, a little above average, good toppings but the crust is probably frozen and not fresh.  Their nacho stix are expensive pieces of dry cardboard with cheese and jalapenos, nasty.  Don't bother with those.

The only thing good about this place was our server. A very tall and handsome guy with a lot of enthusiasm!  I believe he may of been the owner.

I would come back for the ladies with the pet boutiques. They have fun items.

Le ReveZarkana (Cirque)

Mediocre service

The atmosphere was horrible. At least for someone in their mid twenties. We sat across from a TV with Dora the Explorer on and the music that was playing had to be from the Disney Channel. I guess they're catering to kids?...It wasn't very clean either, the floors and tables could definitely use a renovation. The bathroom doors had greasy fingerprints all over them from top to bottom.The only plus I can say to this place is the service was friendly. Even so it seemed like I was back in high school with how much they joked around even with customers. I don't need someone to do voice impressions of a redneck for me when I'm picking out pizza. If I wanted to go back to High School I would. I don't think I'll be coming back here though.Pizza is ok for the price. The salad bar was under stocked, the soup was very good as was the desert cinnamon rolls. Went on a Friday night, screaming, crying, running loose kids everywhere, this is where a stiff drink or four would have come into play, but they don't serve those here. Don't go in there expecting to find parents in control of their kids!Gourmet food this is not! I only come here because I'm a single mom and my son likes this place because of the small arcade.  They had NO pepperoni pizza!! Pepperoni!! The most popular pizza there is!!  They didn't even have one in the oven, I had to special request it!  I decide while I'm waiting for pepperoni to also wait for bread sticks to get out of the oven. The manager comes over to take the empty bread stick tray and proceeds to grab the tongs by the wrong end! He puts out the new tray of bread sticks & puts the same tongs out. I use the spatula from the pizza nearby. He tells me to use the tongs. I say "No thanks, I just saw you touch the wrong end with your bare hands!" I'm glad we've had all our shots! Built up immunity here we come!!Food is OK. Salad could have been better if I wanted ranch that tasted like hidden valley I would of ate at home and the pizza was ok but I'll never go back.Though the food was good the service was extremely slow. Took 20 min to order, 40 min for food, 35 min to get our check after we completed eating and the waitress asked if we wanted dessert. Service was poor for Red LobsterI have been to this location 4 times with the hopes that what I have experienced here would not repeat itself.  Unfortunately, it did and the experiences have all earned this restaurant location 2 stars at best.  Slow, Mixed up, Food cold and a generally inability to get it right.  I am afraid that I will not return to this location again.  Four times is by any measure enough time to turn it around and they could not do so.Yeah...so for some reason, I'm writing about Red Lobster.  I mean I guess I did eat there yesterday but it really almost seems like a waste of effort.A while ago (like 20 years) I liked Red Lobster a lot.  Use to go to the one in Torrance Cali by Del Amo mall pretty regularly and it was halfway decent.  But somewhere along the way it kind of went off the rails.Prior to last night the last 2 times I ate at a Red Lobster was in Bismarck and Grand Forks ND...at that's about 7 years ago.  After those experiences I swore the place off.So back to last night.  It was Lobsterfest time so we ordered two lobster based meals.  Not bad.  The melted "butter" stuff was waaayyyy salty.  But other than that things weren't bad.The service...nice guy but waaaaaaayyyyyyy tooooooooo slooooooooowwwwww.  Asking for tabsco sauce after the meal came took waaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyy tooooooooo loooooooonnnnnnnggggggg.  Getting a refill on a soda took waaaaaaayyyyyyy tooooooo loooooooonnnnnnngggggg.With a bottle of wine, a $10 off coupon and tip, bill came to $100 for two.  Whaaaaaatttttttt!!!!!?????  For not much more money I can get a far better seafood meal, at a far nicer restaurant (a few places in the Scottsdale Quarter come to mind).It might be another 7 years before I return.I don't get the excitement over these darn biscuits, they aren't good at all. I've been here a few times, food it OK, and prices are OK, but I'm not impressed.I used to really like Red Lobster. After many sub par experiences at different locations over the last couple of years I have come to the conclusion that Red Lobster is going downhill fast. Today I met my sister here for lunch around 1:30pm. We were seated right away but it took our waiter about 15 minutes to approach the table. We eventually got our drinks after asking twice. I looked over the lunch menu and they definitely had some new items since the last time I had dined with Red Lobster about six months ago. The lobster grilled cheese and shrimp salad sandwich were among the odd choices on the lunch menu. I went with the staple grilled shrimp house salad with a cup of clam chowder soup, my sister had fried shrimp and scallops. The food took at least 30 minutes to be served which I thought was quite ridiculous for a lunch service especially for some salad, soup and fried food. My clam chowder was mediocre at best, tasted like it came out of a can for sure and the grilled shrimp in my salad still tasted half frozen. My sister did enjoy her fried shrimp, maybe fried is the way to go at Red Lobster because clearly fresh is not the top priority here.Overall bad. Service was just mediocre. Food was bad. I will not be back anytime soon.my wife: everything about here made me madno happy hour, no to go bags for the food, servers who clearly don't want to be there - just part of the magical, family friendly dining experience you can expect from red lobster.on the other hand you're eating at red lobster. I guess 2/5 is still a 100% improvement over what you'd expect, but it still doesn't make the experience any betterseriously no happy hour on a Wednesday at 5:30p? just because you're down the street from the grand poobah Mormon temple doesn't mean your business can't have funFirst, let me say that our server, Amanda, was the BEST.  She was pleasant and efficient and gets totally high marks.  The food is "OK" - nothing to go crazy over (except the biscuits - isn't that the highlight of every entre there?).  But I absolutely hate that the restaurant-teaching gurus think it's a good practice for the hostesses to ask their patrons "how their day's been going" as they seat them.  Every patron KNOWS that they've been told to do this.  And it's annoying.  How will they respond if someone tells them that their hemorrhoids have been flaring up?  Of course, most people won't be so candid and will say "fine", just like when the manager comes around to every table and asks if your meal is tasting wonderful (which he DID).  No, it's just "OK".  In fact, my baked potato was super dry, even WITH the extra butter that I requested, but I'm not going to share that information.  I just want to eat undisturbed.  If there's something wrong with my meal, I'll relay to my server.  Isn't that what they're THERE for?  I'm SOOOO not impressed when the managers come around to the tables.  We all know that's just something taught in "restaurant" school that has become the trend during the last 10 years or so.  NOT NEEDED.  Let your patrons eat in peace!  And lastly, PLEASE tell your tall, curly-haired female server (not Amanda!) NOT to refer to her female customer as "darlin'"!  I almost CRINGED.  And her customer was about 20 years OLDER than her!  Yikes, that was awkward.After 2 visits to this restaurant, I am left disappointed. The staff and particularly the manager are generally rude. Even with call ahead seating, it is not always honored. And if you point out any small mistakes, the staff is rude and unaccomodating. I've never been treated so bad by a "manager" that supposedly is all about customer service. I don't know why he is still in charge of such a busy location. I would stay away.....Loved the training here, the instructors are wonderful (my personal favorite was Laura, she was very motivating). I learned so much from them and felt really good about my workouts and health. The reason I'm only giving this place 3 stars instead of 5 is because the customer service was HORRIBLE! First of all my first "trial" class costed me $20 (joys exact words) yet after I signed up everyone else seemed to have a free first class, got the feeling I was ripped off (of course didn't realize it till I was locked into my contract). When I joined I was told for anyone you bring in that signs up for a term they would discount your rate at the time of renewal. Well as it turns out that wasn't true, when I asked about this (my friend had signed up for a year per my recommendation) they said that I was at a rate they couldn't discount....funny because I remember confirming more than once I would get a discount. Also my friend that signed up wanted out of her contract a couple months early, and wanted to see if she could work out an arrangement or see what her options were. she called several times with no return call from joy. It was like pulling teeth. I was surprised after spending all that money for a year that when your contract ends they literally do nothing....wouldn't you think that people who are part of this would be the best ones to market? Nope apparently a phone call or email about renewing a contract or finding out how the experience was wasn't even considered. Again the instructors here are wonderful and they really taught me so much. If this place would learn from their unhappy customers and change their customer service they would be getting 5 stars across the board.Papa Murphy's is a pizza place with a unique concept.  They sell you an uncooked pizza that's assembled right before your eyes.  You then take it home and bake it according to the given directions.   We went there one evening and got a pizza with Canadian bacon.Papa Murphy's also sells raw chocolate chip cookie dough.  Again, it comes with directions.  Soda comes in 20 oz. bottles and only Pepsi products.  Hint:  If you like Coke products, just go next door and get your soda at the Subway Sandwich shop!The pizza directions are pretty straightforward.  However, we found it strange that the instructions said to puncture any bubbles that appear while the pizza is baking.  A pizza crust without bubbles?  How strange!  Needless to say, we ignored that instruction!The chocolate chip cookie dough also comes with straightforward instructions.So...how did this all turn out?  The pizza was unremarkable---no better than a store bought fresh pizza---and that was disappointing.  Somehow, with such a unique concept, we were expecting better.  As far as the cookies go---what was odd was that they gave off no smell when baking.  When you make homemade cookies, they tend to give off a tempting aroma that has you waiting impatiently for them to be done.  So...the cookies were ok.  However, we've had better.If you do get one of their pizzas, get it knowing that it won't be any better than what you would get at the supermarket.  However, the one advantage that Papa Murphy's has that the supermarket doesn't---you can customize  your toppings.Otherwise, the staff was friendly and efficient.  When making our pizza, they made it incorrectly but quickly spotted their mistake and made us the pizza we ordered.First time there tonight. The customer service was less than thrilling and they wouldn't help us find a deal so we could order more food. We would have ended up buying bread sticks and soda, but they were so rude that we only got the pizza. However, the pizza is very tasty. I still don't think we'll be going back, though.I can appreciate a dive bar but i had mixed feelings about this place. Even so my mission was to go where the music is....Came on a night one of my fellow 'bay' natives was spinning which was a plus. This place is definitely contrasted by the connected bar. A pool/dive bar/country room (judging by the patrons in it) Seriously?Maybe this review is totally premature...maybe i shall attend another event....i keep reminding myself its about the music....someone from here convince me otherwise.Arrogant & Overpriced.  What more could you ask?We'd been wanting to check this place out because every time we passed it the parking lot was full. The night we stopped by was no exception, it was a packed house. It's a cool 1950's-themed greasy spoon complete with jukebox. I went for the special, the Friday Night Fish Fry, but it was pretty lackluster and I wouldn't order it again. The milkshake was pretty good. It seems like the kind of place you go for the experience and not so much the actual food. For my money, I'd rather go to Monty's Blue Plate in Madison. It's very similar, but the food is better.Well, correction to my previous review. I did go back there but they did not have the creamy rice soup I liked. The BBQ rips was not great. My hubby's BBQ is way better. My husband had a chili soup and he didn't like it either. Like the previous reviewer said this is the kind of place to you go for experience, not for the food. After a long water play, my kids usually eat anything but the didn't even finish half their order and came home still hungry.

I fully understand that a place is understaffed and has 1 waiter for the whole place but, our waiter -- UGHH!!!!!!First, we order a pitcher of mojitos and he brings me a glass.Worst was that my friend FOUND HAIR IN HIS RICE and told the waiter about it and he just laughed it off.Are you effing kidding me???!!

I guess convenience come with a price, not physically but verbally!I saw amazing reviews on Yelp, so decided to go here.  I left very confused how these reviews came about.

- duck fried rice with pineapples - ok

2) Service=1 star.  Took FOREVER to get drinks and water with the house only at 25% capacity on a Sunday night.

 Final answer, ask for a different server, or drive to the one on Sahara.Visited here with a friend on a Friday afternoon. It was pretty slow inside, not too many people. Yet I felt like we waited around more than we needed to. There was only one waiter to service everyone there. Food was ok , nothing special.The host was awesome ! He's funny but pur server was quite anyways we ordered our food it wasn't even packed yet we waited 35 min !  When our food got here we were  disappointment  my plate the hearty breakfast skillet did not even come hot and it looked nothing like the picture I barely got any potatoes it did have flavor only wished I had more .The service here was bad. Just right off the bat. I don't usually go to chain restaurants but I was craving a good old fashioned breakfast sandwich and thought, why not. The food was alright. What I had expected. but oh my goodness. I will give a restaurant the benefit of the doubt on bad service if it was busy but the entire restaurant only had 3 groups in it and we ended up having to get up and find someone to help us. I could see my food in sitting in the window for 10min before it was brought out to us. I doubt I will come back.....overpriced, dank, and poor selection.  Not a fan, but the closest thing to a grocery store between work and home.Ugh.  Bashas. I went here for the Wells Fargo, which is conveniently located inside. I went over to the deli to grab a quick lunch and was uninspired.  I must say, the latte I ordered from the bakery was pretty good-- so instead of 2 stars I'm going to give Bashas 3 stars.  Here's the deal-- as far as grocery stores are concerned, there is a very large, fancy Fry's nearby and an AJ's.I called this store to ask for their price of milk because it wasn't advertised in their ad this week. As soon as I finished my question the lady on the other end exhales a huge breath of air as if I was the worst thing that could have existed. I hear her ask someone else next to her and the male voice stated he didn't know. She then said she thinks it's $2.98, sighed again, and then said she's going to connect me with the dairy manager.  When I'm transferred a guy picks up the phone, I ask my question and he says "uhhhh, well the Shamrock Farms milk will be on sale next week 40% off. That starts Wednesday"Omg. Why are these people in customer service and who is managing them?!I ended just driving to Fry's which was further (and I was trying to avoid the further drive). Fry's had their milk price advertised but I was hoping if bashas' was cheaper or the same I could go there. I usually get better customer service at this location than at other Bashas' locations but no matter which store I go to, I get the feeling of a struggling business with employees that have been there for awhile and are just there to scan and beep at the register or stock shelves.Honestly, what kind of training do these people get if they can treat people like they don't care!Location is convenient. But everything else needs a lot of work. Starting with basic knowledge of issues like BPA. They advertise their water on the sun. It was burning outside and they have bags and bags of bottled water burning outside. Not cool. The floor is dirty, the produce does not look fresh. The only reason i would go there is for Wells Fargo.I don't normally shop at this store, but I stopped by a few times this year to buy presents for friends.  The customer service was horrible.  Even though I asked for help, I was only pointed in a vague direction to what I was looking for.  The cashiers were friendly, but not helpful.  I did not feel appreciated as a customer at this store.When I visited the store it was really busy so I didn't expect to be helped but I was surprised that 3 employees came up to ask they could help my find something. The reason I am giving this store 2 stars is because of my experience during check out. The girl that rang me up barely acknowledged me and kept looking around the store while ringing me up like she was really bored. It's confusing because as a cashier you really just have one job to do and she couldn't do it right. A smile would have helped, anything would have helped! I think they lost me as a customer and that's just too bad that one person could just ruin my whole experience.Walking in, I had no idea what we were getting in for. It turns out that you pile meats, vegetables, nuts, fruits, and sauces from an extensive buffet line into a small bowl for the "chefs" who will fry it all up for you. Chicken, scallops, pork, beef, zucchini, carrots, bamboo shoots, water chestnuts, asparagus, mushrooms, onions, mandarin oranges, pineapple, garbanzo beans, and a WHOLE lot more are available for the choosing. Plus over 30 sauces are available for mixing and matching. When first approaching the stack of bowls, I noticed that they were all soiled. Icky! Not my idea of a good first impression. While satisfied with the choices, I found myself going back to my favorite standbys each time I filled a new bowl. Yes, it is all-you-can-eat.The Cooking Method: Dudes take your bowl, slop it onto a large rotating flat grill (consistently too close to my neighbors pile, I might mention), and flip them until "finished". Meanwhile I'm waiting for my food to cook, I see significant pieces of my ingredients falling into the catch basin while they are being flipped. Dang! I wanted that piece of chicken in there!I must admit that the crab rangoon were mighty tasty. My mom longed for shrimp, which they apparently only serve during dinner. They did, however, send out a funnel cake dessert to celebrate my mother's birthday which was nice. BREAKDOWN: The food was ok. I like the idea of make-your-own stirfry. Atmosphere was way too corporate. Decent prices at lunch. Skived out by the messiness of the whole thing. I WOULD NOT SUGGEST THIS RESTAURANT TO ANYONE WITH FOOD ALLERGIES!Standard Mongolian grill style restaurant. Ingredients are replenished quickly. Food is grilled even quicker. Seafood ingredients include: shrimp, calamari, squid, shark meat and prawns. Regardless of the input combination of ingredients most dishes come out with the same taste with varying levels of spice, bitterness and salt. To get your money's worth bring a healthy appetite.Seriously?  $13+ to scoop up some frozen food and then have a chef "stir fry" it for 5 minutes?  I really just don't understand the appeal of HutHot.  The restaurant itself is the typical chain of suburban-style places that put some kind of authentic looking name on a place that is more ordinary then what I get at the grocery store.First off, the food that is provided in the buffet might be all you can eat, but I'd never want to make more than one trip.  It's all frozen, the beef is thinly sliced and of a poor cut, the vegetables / side items are all stringy and pathetic looking, and there's little description to go with the labels.I tried a few of the user recommended combinations, only to be confronted with a dish that had an awkward taste to it and left me with a half-full plate of something I had no interest in finishing.I hate being harsh on a restaurant, but this is not something I'd recommend to anyone.  If you want all you can eat, you could go to an OCB and probably get better food (and I'd feel bad for you then too), and if you wanted Asian cuisine, there's plenty that are much better (or your own cooking).I understand the concept of these places.  Sure, you make your own food but they're supposed to provide ingredients and cuts that are better than what you could find at the grocery store.  Too bad this doesn't ring true with HuHot.  At least the service was ok and the items were well stocked.  Other than that, absolutely nothing that would compel me to spend $13 there again.You try so hard, but Hu Hot - I'm just not that into you... Your sauces have no flavor. Some of your food is fresh, some isn't. Your branding is pretty cheesy. The seafood is poor quality. Just not loving it.The people seem nice, but unfortunately that just won't cut it.For my chain Mongolian bbq fix, I'm sticking with Flat Top.There seems to be a lot of controversy regarding the HuHot, let me try and explain why I understand both sides...no, actually there's nothing to understand--the general premise is that HuHot and most Mongolian Grills in general heap large/unlimited portions of bland uninspired food at you and expect you to be awed by the concept of a large stir-fry and wide array of ingredients.To over-analyze it some, this premise if you can call it that is inherently flawed because at its core what makes a good restaurant is quality of ingredients, quality of preparation and service.  Service here basically is to explain the concept; so shakes out as largely a non-factor.  HuHot's ingredients are soooo bland, the meats are frozen and have no marinade or rub to them, the freezing of the vegetables results in the same end-result. Supporters want to clamor that the sauces give flavor and you can choose whatever you like! (like you can't find something at a normal restaurant) But the sauces are just alright and merely an attempt to cover up the blandness problem.  HuHot is tolerable for where it is on the "new" west-side of Madison as it's a relatively quick n easy lunch spot for all the new offices out there.  And I'll admit I find their stereotypical Asian menu rather amusing.  But one could create a tastier stir-fry at home.  The Parthenon is one of man's greatest constructions but without any skill it's just a pile of rocks.Don't be fooled, this is not Mongolian! My husband and I were on the west side and decided to get some dinner. Unfortunately the Pho place was closed so we decided to stop in here (not doing research first) with the thought that we have not had Mongolian cuisine in a long time. Well, we were fooled, it is an all you can eat, make your own stirfry chain. There are plenty of options which was nice, but it did take us a second trip to get a sense of the flavors/heat of their sauces. Needless to say, I doubt I will be coming back unless my only options are other chains, but Madison has much better options for the price.I knew this going in, but I went anyways ... 10 bucks for lunch 13 for dinner ... it is pretty much just Syco frozen foods that are heated with a sauce .... BUT it is all you can eat!  No thanks!Great staff but awful awful TERRIBLE food.I really really wanted to enjoy this place. I really did. I went here last night with my daughter and boy were we disappointed. We ordered the all you can eat and it came with the choice of either soup or salad. I ordered the Hot and Sour soup and she ordered the Egg Drop and can I say YUCK!?!? By far the nastiest version of HSS I've ever tasted and boring bland tasting Egg Drop.With such horrible soup we went on to try out their Mongolian grill. I will say this, they had a very nice selection. Large variety of meats and seafood and a great variety of vegetables. The sauces well... that's another story. It's obvious these are pre bought watered down tubs of sauces that did not say 'Mongolian' at all. Want to know whats even better? They give you a full view of their disgusting giant see through refrigerator with their bundles of horribly stored gross sauces right next to the grill. I was, however, very impressed with the cooks and how well they did. They cooked quickly and accurately. Props to them.After or food was cooked no surprise at all. Disgusting. Now I'm sure you can say. Marlene, what if you're just terrible at picking the correct sauces? Well my dear yelpers, we took advantage of the 'all you can eat' and tried out many different combinations including their cheat card combinations. Nothing tasted nearly close to mongolian or at all appetizing. At the end of the day I will never ever come back to such horrid tasting food. It's just too bad, they had a magnificent staff and very skilled cooks.I wouldn't have normally chosen to go to dinner here, but a flip of a coin sealed the deal..also, I'm staying at a hotel within walking distance, and the options here are extremely weak. (I wish this trip had me staying in downtown Madison, that place is amazing)The restaurant seemed clean enough, but when the host sat us, the first 2 tables he deemed unacceptable..for whatever reasons, so we had to go on to table #3, in the corner.The entire system of ordering and putting together your main course is what really irked me. Grab a bowl, fill it with ingredients and hand it over to the chefs - sounds simple, which it is except...A table full of half frozen meats to put into your small bowl was gross, and was the beginning of my losing my appetite. Then, you choose one of maybe 3 types of noodles, but they all seemed the same....then if you have enough space in your bowl, put a few veggies to round out the dish. Then theres another table with an overwhelming assortment of sauces, but only half of them had utensils in their dishes.Then I hand the dish off to the chefs, who are busy doing tricks with their spatulas behind the counter for tips. I just wanted my food, not a spectacle.The food turned out alright, really nothing i'm looking to have again...I might have enjoyed it a little better if the staff didnt ask if things were okay every 5 minutes. It's nice that they were attentive, but this was over the top.nothing really wrong with the food, nothing really good either. my biggest complaint is the price: $12.99 for dinner. included in the dinner price is your choice of soup; I chose the hot and sour. weirdest hot and sour I've ever had. it isn't that it tasted bad, but seemed like it was made by someone who had no idea what hot and sour soup was. it was mostly thin strips of carrots in a light broth. not a bad flavor, but not hot and not sour, that's for sure. the dinner was also supposed to include a greater selection of ingredients. I don't know if it did since I've never eaten there for lunch, but I saw shrimp and scallops listed on the website, and the only seafood present was some suspicious looking kind of whitefish. you also get to choose from pork, beef, sausages, everything frozen and hard as a rock. then, a small choice of noodles (3, I think) a good choice of veggies and a lot of sauces. now, here's my real problem with this place: it's basically a buffet, except nothing is cooked until you order it, and your only choices are noodle dishes. you get a fairly small bowl, put a few pieces of meat in it, then some noodles, then you've got room for a few veggies. then, choose your sauce and wait in line to hand it over to the cooks. avoid this place like the plague if they are even remotely busy. on a Saturday evening I had to stand in line waiting to fix up my bowl, as people just shuffle through line like zombies, then stand and wait to hand your bowl over to the cooks, then stand and wait until it is cooked. sit down and spend a few minutes eating, get back up and repeat the process. I spent more time standing in line than I did eating. and again, the food wasn't bad, but I think $7.99 is a fair price for what you get, $12.99 is criminal. a lot of good Chinese buffets charge around $10 for the dinner buffet, and many also include a Mongolian grill. it's not this big, but for less money they also include egg rolls, much better soup, salads, rice, chicken dishes, beef dishes, pork dishes, sushi....you get the point. here, you get noodle bowls, that's it.Was hoping to add a restaurant to the "close to home, works for the whole family for dinner" category, but HuHot won't be in the rotation.Positives: Service was perfectly friendly, and the kids liked watching the guys at the grill. My 12 year old still fits the kid category for a $4.99 stir-fry.  These are the things that saved it from 1 star overall.The rest: The food is pretty bad-- one star for sure.  First I put something together based on pork and one of their spiciest sauce combinations.  Whether it was the meat or the prep, the pork was like leather (my wife compared hers to beef jerky) and the sauce could best be described as "gooey" (my wife's teriyaki was best described as "salty").  I then tried a bit of chicken with a Pad Thai sauce-- the chicken had the same unidentifiable (as chicken) texture, and the sauce was similar in its gooiness to the first sauce.Here's the clencher-- my 7 year old declared the chicken strips the worst he's ever had.  And this kid has looooow standards when it comes to chicken strips.As compared to Flat Top Grill at Hilldale (which to me always tastes good, fresh, and healthy), HuHot fails miserably. Too bad Hilldale is too far to drive when two kids are hungry, and they don't have the requisite nuggets, cheese pizza, or corn dogs for the 7 year old...There's a Mongolian barbecue in Indianapolis that I absolutely love and used to go to quite often. When I moved to Madison my boyfriend assured me that this place was the bees knees. Alas, it is not. The sauce is average and their barbecue is quite bland. The meat is dry and tough. The fish and seafood are terrible. The veggies are what you would expect. The staff is amazing! The grillers are usually entertaining and Joy, my favorite waitress, is such a peach. I keep getting dragged back here, but I never enjoy the food much. They have a freestyle Coke machine, so that's pretty neat. The BEST part about this place is the cheesecake rangoon. It's usually the bribe that gets me to go. Every restaurant should put it on their menu.It was our second time here.   Not nearly as impressed as the first but then again we didn't come back for a year so maybe we weren't impressed that much anyway.It's a neat idea, food isn't bad, but it's nothing to rave about either.  The cooks use to be fun and show off their chopping skills, there was none of that anymore.  Service was pretty good, but we thought it was tacky for all the waiters to hang around the bar area and chat, with a little swearing added to the mix.Have went 2 years in a row for birthday of my daughter, apparently birthdays aren't as important to them any more since last year.  Not that anything was really expected, but when you set a precedent...Overall, on the ride home my wife and I decided it's not worth going back.  In my opinion, based on the crowd, we might not be the only ones.Was worth a try once, a year ago, not anymore.  Time to move on...I don't get it.  Mediocre stir-fry and a $50 tab.  What's the point?The food was good, but the service was absolutely terrible! I have been working in food service since I started college, and the service I had today was the worst I've seen. The waitresses were nowhere to be seen on the floor for over 20 minutes after we were seated, because they were sitting in a corner talking with each other. At one point, my mother was choking and coughing extremely hard in an attempt to breathe, and not only did no one come to check that she was okay, but I had to actually catch the waitress' attention just to get a glass of water for her. No one was attentive to their customers while we were there. I realize that HuHot is a chain where you put together your own food, but basic customer service is an essential component to any successful restaurant, regardless of the set-up. There is no excuse for the way we were treated today, and I may very well never come back.Usually I really enjoy my visits, but unfortunately this time I did not.  My father-in-law took my wife and I out for my birthday dinner and HuHot was my choice.  Even though the drive was a hour each way, I thought it would be worth it.We got there at about 5:00 pm.  We were seated right away, but instead of putting us at a table that could fit 5 people, we were put at a booth/chair table meant to seat 4.  The server then just grabbed a chair and put at the end of the table.  Other than that our service was good.  The waitress made sure to stop by every once and a while and make sure we were doing ok.When I went up to the meat/veggies is where things really went downhill.  All of the meat, veggies and sauces needed to be refilled.  There were no pad-thai noodles and they were out of chicken and beef.  There didn't seem to be anyone that was in charge of making sure things were full.  The veggies were hit or miss and there were several sauces that were almost gone.  There were also veggies and sauce ALL OVER the counters and the floor.  It looked like they had just served a bus load of hungry football players and didn't bother to clean anything up.  While we were there it started to get busy and they got backed up on the grill, they seemed understaffed in the kitchen and over staffed in the dining room.  All in all, I know they can do better at HuHot, I just wish their off day wouldn't have been a birthday celebration with family.They are very similar to Flat top grill in terms of concept but quality wise I think they fall well short especially for vegetarians. When we took our bowls and proceeded to adding noodles and vegetables, I noticed that most of their vegetables were frozen. Further they also put meat right there next to the vegetables. This can cause food contamination. Also their sauces do not have clear labels stating which ones contain meat or other allergens. Anyways we added vegetables, beans and sauces to our bowl and saw the food get cooked right in front of us. I am a vegetarian and it was not a pretty sight to see our food get cooked alongside meat on the same station. When I tasted the food, it seemed like the noodles and some veggies were not even cooked properly. Maybe Madison has pampered me in terms of vegetarian friendly restaurants but Huhot grill is not one.If I can say anything positive about this place, it has a great location and the employees are nice.  And they have a great little outdoor patio to eat in. But...this place is nowhere near as delicious as Chipotle.  And they are so slow, even when its not a peak meal time.   The Qdoba on Central is better.This location is still pretty new, so maybe they are still working out some of the kinks.Richard Z's faux Dallas G review is brilliant. I reward mediocrity if their heart is in the right place. But I knew what I was getting into by going here for lunch. Chipotle. Same story. Rice. THE BURRITO IS ALL RICE. I asked for just a little and I still had a rice burrito. Many of you are saying, but you're a vegan. What do expect? Well, beans, guacamole, tomatoes, pico, salsa, hot sauce, onions... A vegan burrito could be amazing. What I had was white rice. In a tortilla. For me one star, but I am biased by their meat centric business model. The restaurant was full. People must like it. Two stars.Food itself is still great, but these new owners don't understand the importance of Cholula. We came here a few weeks ago and they were out of Cholula and only had Tobasco (yuck), now they are out of both. C'mon, get it together!  The Tempe location always has plenty.I really wanted to like Qdoba. The place was pretty empty right off the bat, so bad sign there. Decided to go with the grilled vegetable burrito with black beans, brown rice, habanero salsa and guacamole. The first thing I didn't like was that the same employee who was preparing food was also ringing up customers. This is *never* acceptable. I don't care if you put gloves on, you shouldn't have an employee handling both currency and food. It's disgusting. Where was the manager? Secondly, my burrito was poorly wrapped. I ended up with more of a sphere than a cylinder. Furthermore, the foil didn't cover the burrito, so of course it fell apart as I ate.Thirdly, I didn't order any dairy (lactose intolerant) but there was definitely a taste of sour cream in my food. Not sure if it was some sour cream that got spilled on the lettuce (noticed that on the line) or if sour cream was added to the guacamole to stretch the amount, or if that's just how Qdoba's food tastes. Concerning to say the least, but at least I didn't get sick.Finally, the thing that bothered me the most, was that the food was SO, so oily. My mouth was coated with oil for an hour afterwards. I can only assume the oil was from the grilled vegetables, but it could have been from something else. Truly, I don't mind cooking with a lot of oil but this was over the top. I almost get the feeling they had an accident and drenched the veggies by mistake. You really don't need much if any oil to cook zucchini and squash. The water will release and keep from sticking.The grilled vegetables were the thing I was most excited about at Qdoba, but quickly became the aspect I liked the least.TL;DR oily food, poorly wrapped, gross handling practice. 2/5 will not return.Another in a line of chipotle style rip offs this place offers the usual cast of faux Mexican dining fare. White rice, black beans, corn, and a few meat options, check. Hipsters who act like they can not put down their phones yet are so concerned about saving the earth, check. While there is nothing wrong with the idea (imitation is the sincerest form of flattery) just how many of these places do we need?In my opinion if you are going to copy something at least bring something new to the table when you do! This place does not meet that goal. In fact they manage to mess up some of the basic things that chipotle did right while charging you more at the same time. That is quite a feat to pull off lol. My order was for two burritos (one pork, green sauce, brown rice, cheese and the other shredded beef, cilantro lime rice, black beans and hot sauce). Both were a nice size (compared to chipotle) yet cost almost a full 2 dollars more! The pork had a nice spice but was to salty for me. The green verde sauce was ok but tasted of mostly tomatillos. It could have used something to balance it out like cumin, roasted poblanos, honey or even some more garlic. With drinks the total came out to something like 22.50 for two people! I can make this food at home for way less than that and still have money left for dessert. While it is nice to try eating somewhere new it is not worth almost $25 and 110 plus degree days just to eat here again. Good for some but for me No Bueno!While working in the area I decided I would give Franks NY Deli a try. Pulling up I had to double check the address as Franks is located in a small neighborhood market. The food is not deserving of the ratings here on Yelp as it is lower end processed meats and the menu is very limited with maybe 10 sandwich options.  I got the NY combo which is simply salami, ham, and choice of cheese. The sandwich is on a 10" roll and you get the basic toppings of lettuce, tomato, onion, and dressings.  The sandwich and a 16.9oz beverage was $6.45 which is a fair price for what you get.1st impression

1. some of the pics turned out good

The dining room is pleasant.

 You can do better elsewhere.Really disappointed with the Roast Beef panini daily special. I got home and it's a mess of a sandwich. Dry meat, soggy bread and where's the horseradish sauce???? Even the pickle was sad.

that this Pink Box

Cappuccino: only decent flavor that actually tasted like coffeeI ended up getting a scoop of the cappuccino and the bf went for the cookies and cream. After paying, the man behind the register said, "Ciao!". Nothing against the new owners trying to create an Italian vibe for a gelato store, but he was clearly Hispanic (he was speaking Spanish to his coworker when we first came in) and it all just felt like an imitation of what this place used to be.I was told that new management took over a few months ago.  I'm just wondering what happened, and why?!  This place was kind of hard to find.  It's on the southwest corner of Las Vegas Blvd and Wyoming.  The sign is small.  It's between the Arepa restaurant and a boutique.The photos of specialty flavors from Yelp were definitely not on display today.  Where's the creme brulee gelato, birthday cake, lucky charms, almond-pecan baklava, sticky toffee, and all these exquisite flavors that were once here?  I guess I missed the boat.  The display was just of your average flavors: espresso, pistachio, cookies and creme, hazelnut.  Just plain and nothing fancy.  I sampled most of the display, but nothing really appeased me.  The girl behind the counter was trying to have me sample the whole display, which I wasn't a fan of.  I wanted to try what I want, and nothing more.  I decided to settle for the butter pecan.  It lacked flavor, but at least it had small pecan chunks.  It was not soft or creamy, nor was it set at the right temperature.  It was colder than most gelatos.  Very mediocre at best. Guess the original Art of Flavors is gone.  :cBefore going to a play in the Arts District, I came here to see what AOF was like since it reopened with the new owners.I like what they did with the interior.  It gives it a bit of a homey nature to have the bookcase and small round, wood tabletops.What I didn't like was the gelato.  I tasted a green tea gelato that had very little taste.  I opted for the cheesecake flavor with something else.  It was so underwhelming, I forgot what it was.  Major fail--icy gelato.  Part way into the gelato I hit a large amount of icy gelato that had been somewhat frozen and thawed a number of times and that's not what gelato is supposed to be.  There wasn't a whole lot of taste to it either, but I especially missed the creamy texture of gelato as it should be.It was worth stopping once.  I've tasted it and I won't be back.Came here to give the new owner a try. Left disappointed.We sampled 4 flavors and they all tasted the same, and milky. It was weird. Not one flavor inspired me or tasted great at all. We left without even ordering because we didn't enjoy any flavors. Went to Luv It instead.Very bland I thought. I tried like 5 or 6 different ones. Not impressed. Customer service was great though. Guy was very helpfulWe gave this a try because of the generally high ratings on Yelp, which for the most part tend to be dependable. But sometimes, everybody hops on the bandwagon for no apparent reason except to be one of the cool kids.  This would appear to be an example of the latter. But, someone has to say it, so I guess it has to be me:The emperor has no clothes.For $5 a scoop, you would expect a high quality product. By that, I mean smooth, rich, creamy and delicious. This gelato was none of those. It was cold and it was sweet, but its resemblance to ice cream ended there. It was icy and gritty, and the flavors ranged from bland to weird to just plain awful. Ice cream can often benefit from the addition of enhancements like chocolate chips, fruit, nuts, coffee, etc. Peppercorns, jalapenos, and caraway seeds? Not so much. Did purchase a cup of plain chocolate for little Chicklette, who took two bites and tried to hide it under the seat. They are getting two stars instead of one because the service was so friendly and Babygirl said the fresh waffle cones were pretty good. Buy an empty one and take it across the street to Luv It for a fill up. Might be another somewhat overrated place, but at least their idea of specialty flavors are rocky road and maple nut.Items Selected:

Received: expensive place, mediocre wine and salty, processed food in a place that looked like it had seen better days.I will start out and say we had the nicest staff! No complaints at all on our service! I feel bad that they have to serve this food in this place and try to do it with a smile. I don't think I could (and I have worked food for years)We called on the off chance Chianti's would be open on a Sunday- and they were (though they will be closing Sun and Mon for "the season" starting next week. I didn't realize there was a season for eating....but we decided to try it  based on the reviews.We enter, and it is dark and empty  Greeted and seated by lovely Mary who explained it was happy hour and gave us a moment to look over the menus. I had a few questions, ordered a glass of their house cab and my partner ordered chianti on her suggestion. We also ordered the Mozzerella Fritta.The wine came and the cab was so sweet it tasted like fortified wine. I questioned the bartendress (also lovely) and she tried it and said yes, it was sweeter than normal, would I like something else? I ended up with my bf's chianti (which wasn't amazing, but definitely better). The Fritta came and it was essentially two very large triangles of breaded, frozen moz that were barely cooked through, VERY salty and had chunky tomato sauce on them. Edible, but not fresh.After looking through the menu and  a few more questions, (Only the Lobster Ravioli are handmade (why not the cheese?)  I decided on the manicoti (which I was told was prepared there) in bechemel sauce with fresh spinach and my bf got the orange roughy special (artichoke hearts, capers and sun dried tomatoes).We asked about how busy the place was, (Friday night is hopping apparently!) and who the main clientele is (Older people from Sun City) but they get a mix. We were told it dies down in the Summer, which is why they were closing Sun/Mon.I have now run out of wine, and so started looking through the dirty menus (all four of them were stuck with old food) to select another. I chose a 9/glass McManis cab- and after searching for it- two other opened bottle were brought out because they were "in the process of drastically cutting down the list". Neither were great and both had been open at least a day and recorked. I asked them how long each had been open and was told no more than a day on one and 2 at the MOST on the second bottle. If you are going to have wine open at all for more than a day-  vacuum seal it.Plates come and are as hot as Mary tells us they would be (which means mine has been sitting under some heat lamp for awhile after being microwaved).The plates look ok- I can do without all the parsley garnish on EVERY plate- but whatever.The manicoti does have fresh spinach on top, but it is not in a bechemel sauce- it tastes like a who jar of Ragu Alfredo was poured over 3 frozen manicoti and nuked for 4-5 minutes. I understand you have to make things ahead and heat them up sometimes- but at least bake the items! No fresh cheese bubbling- only a thin layer of film from having sat for a minute too long under the lamps while the fish was cooked.

Food was okay, it's a tad overpriced. Ordered a few plates of food. It's a tad bland.I've gone here since they opened as I live in the neighborhoods.  Quality & service continues to decline. Called tonight at 8:27 (Friday with posted hrs to 9pm ) & guy answering said kitchen closed at 8:30. I informed him that it was 8:27. I will never go back. I will drive to downtown phoenix to Harumi sushi. Much better quality. Worth the drive.The spicy yellowtail roll was decent, the lunch special baked salmon wasn't good. The salAd was weak sauce.. Restaurant is too quiet n the service could've been more enjoyable.. I'd go somewhere else next time I crave sushiWalked in on a Saturday evening and the place is empty. Totally empty, save for the guys working. Not a good sign. Perhaps it was that the fact that their sign wasn't working. But perhaps that assumption is too kind.

Must present Military ID at purchaseBesides the dolphins, all of the other animals  were asleep.  We saw

i mean its not about 20bucks im paying it i wanna get what i wanna or just be nice to your customers.I recently moved to Scottsdale & needed to find a new hairdresser. I've been going to Aveda salons since college and have always liked how they cut my hair so I expected to get a similar haircut from Salon Sandoval. Unfortunately my cut just wasn't what I asked for or what I've come to expect from Aveda salons. I explained what I wanted (long layers) and ended up with no layers. My hair just fell so badly until I got it re-cut. Seeing as how I already had the layers I wanted in my hair, just an outgrown length, I really thought that they could have done my cut easily.I've also come to expect the aromatherapy scalp massage at the beginning of a cut from Aveda salons and didn't get one. I didn't really like the interior of the salon either, it was a little too small and cramped. Granted neither of my last two complaints would have mattered if the cut had been good.This is the worst McDonalds i have ever been to. (period)Actually I go there quite often, and every time I have been there the food always has dries up particle of mustard ketchup and other food items.

Had some pretty dismal service both times I stopped in for a pint, so yeah, I think I'll leave this place to other, more interested parties.Super fratty and yuppie, but what can you expect with the location.  If polo shirts tucked into khaki shorts on drunk frat boys is your scene then this is this is the spot for you.  Not my favorite place.  Went to eat here one Sunday for lunch and the place was still filthy from the night before... Just reminds me of a frat house with a kitchen.Pros: good for drinks, and the pizza always looks good.Cons: the 3 times we have come here to grab something to eat - poor service, very slow to get order, and food (other than pizza) - is very so-so. The reason we keep giving it another shot is because we live around the corner and try to keep hope alive. But we just can't do it anymore - so many other places to go to on Montford!the food here is good, and i can't complain about that.  but the service leaves something to be desired. there was something "off" about our drinks and the server just looked at us, we ordered water, the drinks stayed on the table the whole meal. they weren't taken off until we asked for the check. a runner brought our food and no one ever stopped back to see if we needed anything or if everything was ok. the place wasn't busy enough to justify the disinterested service. patio area is nice. the music was good. there are too many TV's but i guess you get that with a sports bar. the parking lot is a hot mess, tight to navigate and doesn't really have enough spots.Service is AWEFUL due to management not scheduling enough servers. The ONLY reason I'm giving this 2 stars is for the pizza and servers who had to step up due to our original server's incompetence. There was a female bartender with glasses who was extremely rude. Might come back I when it's not so busy.My husband and I were headed to Mellow Mushroom when we saw the sign for Selwyn Ave Pub - a big Shamrock, all Green and Irish Specials lured us in believing we were about to eat some Irish food.. We were so dead wrong, there wasn't a single irish related thing on the menu. The server was friendly and greeted us right away, My husband asked for coffee and the server told him "There isn't any brewed, so.. anything else I can get you?" ... So they HAVE coffee..but he didn't feel like making it? COOL. We should have left right then and there.. I guess the server kind of realized his error, and then tried to back pedal and excuse that the coffee takes " a while " to brew. My husband and I have been in the service industry before and I recognize laziness when I see it. If you don't have coffee brewed, you alert the customer of how much time it will take to brew - then let them decide if they still want it.( The food " takes a while " to cook also.. WE STILL WANT TO EAT, THOUGH! ) But instead of making things complicated - My husband told him he would just take sweet tea instead and we just moved forward with trying to find out which meals we wanted. When we inquired about why there was no Irish food; the server told us it was because "The regular customers would get sick of eating Irish food" .... WHAAAAT? an Irish pub that doesn't serve anything Irish? This business is decorated in and advertising IRISH everything.. and it has a hanging sign that says IRISH SPECIALS. We were informed the irish specials are only during St. Patricks day.. So I guess that hanging sign is just left over from then = Example of More laziness and 2nd opportunity we should have just left.. but No.. we were running out of time, and we were hungry.. so we each ordered food the server recommended and it came out quick and hot. Thats cause it was all frozen and deep fried. Yaaay.. ( -_- ) I'm sure Selwyn Avenue Pub is a decent BAR... but don't go there hoping for anything special to EAT. Their outside seating looks inviting and the service was fast, just a little uneducated about their menu and less than eager to make you a pot of coffee.Service here is slow (I was warned by friends before coming here.) My group ordered the chicken nachos to split while we enjoyed the patio ... every single one of us thought they were terrible. Parking at this place is impossible. I found out after the fact that there is a garage across the street (where Mellow Mushroom is) that you can park at. Cool environment and set up, but I don't think I would recommend this place to anyone unless they stepped up their food game.People aren't very friendly here.  I went here when I first moved to town and I found the place chilly and lonely.The place gets super crowded and you have to muscle your way to get a drink.  It has more of the feel of a college bar some nights and other nights it is a good old place to sit and drink with adults.The workers seem like they are constantly too busy to give anyone a second more of attention. The atmosphere is grim, even for a bar that has a college interest group.I love many of the servers at Selwyn Pub, however I think the owners and managers need to do some updating and reorganization. Some employees are not friendly at all. A few food items are really good and they have a decent selection of wine and craft beers, but their mixed drinks are awful. I had a Bloody Mary, and it was one of the worst I've had. I even tried it again on a separate occasion just to be sure, and it was the same. The outdoor atmosphere could stand to be maintained, as it appears to be an outdated house someone bought and put a pub into. Nice TVs and separate lounge spaces, though it can take a while for food to come out. I'd recommend reorganizing and training staff. Although parking options are terrible, Selwyn has a nice location. As of now, it's a totally average place to go. I wouldn't spend much money here and don't frequent it, despite living so close.Even thought there is a large sign in the front window that says "walk-ins welcome" the two men there acted like they were doing me a favor because I didn't have an appointment ,even though they only had one customer and no one waiting.  The guy who cut my hair was so old he couldn't even stand up and worked sitting in a chair.  I told him to leave the front long, but he started cutting it shorter and when I mentioned that I wanted it longer in front than the back, he just kept going.  Then after the bad haircut, he had the nerve to try to sell me some shampoo.  This was the first and only time I will ever go to this barber shop.May be one of the worst hit cuts I have ever had. Can't speak for all of the barbers in this place but Reece did a horrible job. He has to be in his late 80s, cut my hair sitting down the entire time, and rushed to leave when it was closing time. He should retire.Safe to say I will not be back. Stay away from Reece if you do decide to try it out.Went here a few weeks ago with my toddler daughter. It's fine for about 30 minutes of  entertainment but it is a small venue so the thrills are in short supply. We'd had high hopes for the butterfly atrium and were somewhat disappointed. There were a small handful of ordinary specimens. (I realize I am unfairly comparing this exhibit with Marine World Africa's version in CA. which is fantastic.)It is well maintained but feels old and in need of some love. The park that surrounds it is as much as a draw and could provide more fun on a temperate day.I remember loving the Charlotte Nature Museum when I was in the pre-school crowd (I'm 30 now, with my own children), and my children enjoyed their trip there as well; however, while reasonably well maintained, it was on the small side and we were there for maybe an hour/hour and fifteen minutes (it took longer to drive there than we actually spent there).  The children enjoyed seeing the butterflies, playing in the play area, and seeing the animals (albeit in small cages-- though, they looked perky and happy).  We didn't go to the part with the dead things, we live in Washington DC (we were in Matthews visiting family) and regularly use the National Natural History museum- so the kiddos have seen dead things up close.  The nature trails looked nice, and I'm sure the park is lovely on a warm, non-rainy day.  It wasn't very crowded while we were there, maybe 5 other families, and the bathroom was in an appalling state and had no toilet paper.  The reviewer that said it is more of a learning center than a museum definitely hit the nail on the head-- I think it's a wonderful addition to the park, but should not be considered a destination in itself.  It could definitely use some things that talk to you and a few more things to engage the youngsters and adults who bring them.  If you're close to the museum, have a preschooler,  have an extra hour and $6 to burn, by all means it is worth it, but I wouldn't say it is worth a trek there.  The Ethiopian restaurant we went to afterwards though-- now that was worth it.

2. The room cleaning crew did not remove the trash from 1 trash can that happened to have banana peel in it. My room did not smell good when I returned in the evening. Even though it was not good, I still think it was just an isolated incident.I did complain to the hotel manager and she took action by apologizing and offered me a one free night stay, which I think is a good gesture.I picked this hotel for the good reviews online.  It's a great location near the water with excellent walking/biking paths.  Price is reasonable and there is a convenient shuttle which Took us to and from downtown with not much of a wait.  The front desk,  on the other hand,  was not friendly, helpful, nor did they seem to care about the guest needs.  We called ahead of time to ensure we would have a refrigerator in our room which we were told we would.  We got there and we informed they were out and had to throw away all our leftovers.  The gentleman did not seem to care at all either.  We were placed on a pretty friendly floor without notice.  While I'm a pet lover i would have liked to be told and guests that may have allergies would probably like to know too. The floor smelled like wet dog and urine and i was kept up late listening to dogs barking,  doors slamming,  and kids running down the halls. The room was nice and bed was comfortable.  Food was good in the morning except it was not complimentary.I stayed here 6 nights over a two week span (in two different rooms) and was not really impressed. The staff is great, but everything else was very meh. The walls were thin and I could hear the TV from my neighbor. If you're here on business and just like to camp in your room after your day, don't expect too much out of it. The internet is terrible and I couldn't even stream Netflix. I even noticed a a lot of MiFi connections, so I know I wasn't the only person with terrible internet.If you're on a budget, this place works as my price per night was about $85. If you like staying close to downtown Madison, then this place works great.I'm giving it 2 stars because at least the understaffed establishment has employees who try. I've been here 4 days and 5 nights and every single day they have failed miserably at what they were trying to do here.The first day I had breakfast room service it was 2 hours late and literally ice cold. The room service had forgotten about it and the front desk host had to bring it up to the room. The second day the breakfast came early and I wasn't awake yet. The third day I went to the restaurant to eat breakfast to avoid any of this mess. I got the buffet because it looked good. Bad idea. All the food was ice cold and disgusting. At least the coffee was hot. There's only one person working in the restaurant so that's also not great.There is only one bar tender so even though she's great it takes forever to get a drink and often there is no one serving at the bar because I'm guessing she needs a break sometimes.The room was pretty crappy for the expectations as well. All I can say is don't stay here. That's all.We went because we had a coupon, but we were still disappointed.  While the bar was hoppin' during "happy hour" the restaurant wasn't.  Now I know why.  The salad bar contained containers of  tired looking iceberg lettuce, orange colored tomatoes, mushy cucumbers and some carrots.  My food was also boring and uninspired.  The burger I had was overcooked.  The fries my boyfriend ordered were the highlight of the meal. That isn't saying much.   I would not eat here again.Since i wrote a review about the aweful prime rib and awesome cream of mushroom soup I have gone back a few times and not once did they have the soupe available. I am very disappointed so i just found my own recipe and made it myself. Ya snooze ya loose Coliseum!!Desperate for lunch after my first couple dining options failed to pan out, the Coliseum Bar, with its less than stellar 2.5 star Yelp rating, took advantage of my weakened state to lure me in.  As I entered the parking lot, I was oblivious to the fact that some 75,000 very hungry dairy enthusiasts were converging on the nearby Expo Center for the start of the World Dairy Expo.  I suddenly became aware of that key fact as I stepped into a restaurant in the throes of utter chaos, teaming with the aforementioned hungry dairy enthusiasts.  Instead of having a host manage the near capacity crowd, management felt it wise to have a sign by the entrance informing the throng of patrons to seat themselves.  I found an open table where I sat for almost twenty minutes before desperately flagging down a server to get a menu.  I quickly ordered the first item that caught my eye, a Reuben sandwich and a side of tater tots. Before my server vanished to parts unknown, he indicated it would be a thirty minute wait for my sandwich because the kitchen was backed up.  Oy, that woulda been nice to know twenty minutes ago...While waiting for a server to appear, I had plenty of time to survey my rather sterile surroundings.  The interior of the Coliseum Bar is your basic no frills Wisconsin sports bar with an armada of flat screens, dark wood paneling, tile floors and generic furnishings.  With all the hard surfaces, the noise level could kindly be described as a dull roar when the restaurant was at near capacity.After 10 minutes, my food arrived.  It was your classic good news / bad news proposition.  The good news was my food arrived 20 minutes early, the bad news was that my food arrived. (rim shot)Let's start with the tater tots, which spend too little time in the fryer on their journey from the freezer bag to my plate.  The exterior had not crunch and the interior was mushy, almost like mashed potatoes.  The Reuben sandwich was not better, just an assembly of institutional grade ingredients with little manipulation by the kitchen. The bread, a light rye, with a heavy dose of caraway, spent a minimal time on the grill.  While the cook was generous with the thinly sliced corned beef, it failed to bring an abundance of flavor to the equation. The slightly dry sandwich could have benefited from 1,000 Island dressing which was missing in action.  If you are looking for a volume play, the Coliseum version of this sandwich will fit the bill, but there are many better tasting options available in town for you Reuben aficionados out there.Excluding the delay in delivering a menu and completely whiffing on the estimate of when my food would be delivered, my harried server did an acceptable job.  As the crush of lunchtime patrons subsided, he even showed some signs of personality.  But all in all, the service this day was only marginally better than the sub-par fare.If you're looking for prototypical Wisconsin bar and grill fare, the Coliseum Bar will fit that criteria.  However, if you seek elevated pub grub, I'd recommend places like Dexter's, the Tip Top or Baldwin Street Grill before the Coliseum.We have gone here several times before Badger Hockey games. Bus ride to Kohls Center works out great.  We ate food here the last time, and it was OK. (nothing to brag about really) But then I went to use the restroom and it was disgusting. Filthy, dirty, clogged toilets, stunk, etc.  I almost got sick.  And we were here mid-afternoon.  I can't imagine the crowd would have been THAT busy that they could have made the bathrooms that bad. It was like they hadn't been cleaned in over a week... and there are hundreds of people who go there on the weekend. If the bathrooms are this bad, I hate to imagine how 'clean' the kitchen is.  Don't think I'll be going here again to eat.Had the same experience as Bartleby F.  We had a group of 10 and struggled getting a drink order placed. The server only took 3 orders at a time and had to be reminded to ask the others at the table. Trying to place a food order was frustrating. We noticed 2 meals were delivered and the rest of us weren't even asked. I finally caught our server and told her we'd like to order.  I received my meal and noticed she never took orders from the others. This is long enough but havent even touched on the billing ... you get the jest of itAlright so I've only ever been here when I've been hungover. But let me tell you, the shitty $1.99 bottomless coffee, hash browns, and omelet stuffed with all sorts of processed cheese and meat...IS THE BEST HANGOVER CURE EVER.  The place is like Denny's.  Big whoop.  Everyone there seems a little depressed....customers, staff, everyone.  But hey, with that type of environment going in your sweatpants and with a hangover...you fit right in.I went here recently, and I had a spinach and cheese omelet.  A strange thing happened in the kitchen though, something kind of like the fog that turns you inside out, I suspect.  When my omelet came out it was actually a spinach omelet with a bit of egg and cheese tucked inside.  Wow, that is so crazy........oh and gross.  I am not Popeye, nor am I a rabbit, therefore playing a game of find the egg and cheese in a spinach haystack is not awesome dudes.  FAIL.Decided to stop in here for breakfast and was not happy with the omelet.  The pancakes were ok I guess but nothing spectacular.   It was all cooked ok, just not the best recipe.  It's funny because I have had much better food at other Perkins.   It may be that it comes down to the chef.Perkins is akin to Denny's or IHOP in my eyes and has food that is consistently lousy. That said, it's quite cheap and there are free refills on coffee and soda. I would say the pie is decent, at best.The Perkins here has never been known for being staffed with happy people.  I found that they continue the tradition with my recent visit for lunch.

-- they have a room, which probably nobody visits, with old articles, menus and such from the casino's early days.  Oh, and an old safe!If you're a little curious, stop by on your way back from Hoover Dam.Coming back from Boulder City we decided to stop for a late lunch.  I ordered ministrone soup which was not edible.  Looked like stew with tomato sauce dumped over it.  The waitress was very kind and took it back and I re-ordered breakfast, it was OK, but far from being the best I've ever had even at an inexpensive price.   I wanted strawberry shortcake.  No whip creme. When the waitress brought it, I knew I was in trouble,  a peice of cake with squased frozen (thawed out) strawberries.  Two bites, I was done.  If you don't have fresh berries, don't put it on the menu.   I was disappointed with the whole process and will not be returning and certainly wouldn't recommend it.   I will commend the waitress (sorry forgot your name) but she handled everything in a professional manerr.  Thank you.Made a reservation online for a king size suite non smoking months in advance and when we got there to check in, we walked into our room to an overwhelming smell of smoke and an ashtray on the coffee table. Went back down and talked to manager and she tried to tell me I booked online so it's automatically booked as a smoking room. I brought up my online reservation and in plain site it said king suite non smoking. She said oh well I'm sorry but we have no other rooms available so here is some carpet spray. No other rooms available that weren't over $300 at any other hotels so we had to stay the night. We received no sympathy for the mixup, no comps or any kind of good gesture to try and make it better. Was not happy when we left. Asked for the manager to call us and have not yet had the phone ring!Wow!  Based on the great yelps I went for an oil change and installation of a passenger view mirror..first I was told my oil pan gasket was leaking..ok..how much?? $300 or there about...ok..again Whoa! Your radiator is dry..can't hold fluid..so we recommend forget the oil pan..but get a new radiator.  $700+ picking up my 'defective radiator' ..always ask for replaced parts.I've had such horrible customer service at this branch that I try my best to avoid it at all costs.  I almost closed my account of over 15 years because of the people here.  The Flamingo/ Ft. Apache and W. Sahara branch are WONDERFUL.  Avoid this branch like the plague.An Autozone in a strip mall next to a tattoo shop! What a lovely place, it's hard to see inside to really tell if they're open or not at times. When you go in you'll find overpriced chemicals that are at least $1 or higher per bottle or can (compare Lucas fuel injector cleaner pricing as an example of what I mean). I seem to find myself here because I made the mistake of buying a Duralast battery which that product seems to have issues with Vegas's climate extremes. Counter and checkout service here can be hit or miss. Sometimes it's great, more often than not it's slow, and sometimes the service is so clueless I expect them to try and sell someone muffler bearings or blinker fluid for turn signals. In fact service can be so bad I've complained to their regional offices 2x and to their national corporate office once. 2 Stars. At least their rewards card doesn't suck. And even as bad as they are, they always beat Pep Boys...don't even get me started on how bad that place is.The good: The pot stickers tasted good, and I liked their 6 shrimp for $2.50. And the fortune cookies were edible.The bad: Pretty much everything else.The ugly: The fact I paid $22 for food that most of it ended up in a trash bag destined for the Apex landfill outside of town. The next time I start thinking that Panda Express is worth visiting to satisfy my cravings for Chinese food in Henderson, I hope the karma gods smack me with a clue stick and wake me up. 2 stars. Why? I haven't got a clue except I don't want to write any 1 star reviews tonight. (It's the best I've got). (Yelp 100 in 2013 Challenge #20)Friendly bunch here, but no attention to detail and service was aloof.  If you have work done here, take a look at your receipt.  There is no detail as to what work was actually performed - just a price for the service requested.  If you pay several hundred bux  for routine maintenance it would be nice to have a list of what was added, replaced  or changed for your records.  The tech instead said, "we check everything". Nice to know, but I would like to see it in writing.Went in for basic yearly shots. The appointment took more than an hour.  The front desk lady was not able to tell us if our dog was due for her shots or not. The assistant was flustered and required our 50lbs dog to sit on the exam table, which she's never done before and seemed unnecessary. We got her nails trimmed and glands taken care of. They decided to wait until after our dog was getting these services before telling us the prices had gone up. We are now looking for a new vet. The experience just wasn't what we expected. They seemed uncaring and were not knowledgable.Not the most compassionate bunch of people, especially at the front desk... my cat died while in their care. Not blaming them, as I hope they did everything possible to save her. Not one person there said they were sorry for my loss or anything... Life goes on, I suppose...Took my dogs to this vet for four years.  Due to a huge ego, one of my dogs has a bacterial infection that cant be killed.  Dr Pflaum refuses to listen to his clients and is "always" right.  Another one of my dogs was misdiagnosed after suffering a broken leg. We were told it was growing pains and the puppy went 10 months without a proper diagnosis. I cant fathom the amount of pain she went through. Went for a second opinion and my pup had to have her leg re broken to fix it.On the plus side, the office staff is great and the prices extremely reasonable. However, you get what you pay for. When you have to take your pets to a different place to have it fixed, it is not worth it!The food is mediocre and over priced. The service unfriendly and unprofessional. Once was enough for me.It is a cute establishment but quality to price does not match up. The waitress did not like that I had brought my children and she was very hesitant to wait on us. The bread was extremely hot when brought to the table but got cold quick and became very hard to chew. The kids had an "adult" portion of spaghetti and meatballs which only can with two very medium to small meatballs. I had the shrimp savoy in which the flavors were not their. The mushrooms sauted in wine were bitter, there was too much butter, the shrimp were flavor less (but on the plus side large), and it lacked salt. Needless to say I will probably not return which is sad because "old" Henderson needs good eating establishments.Come for the DRINKS ONLY!

Where are the trees, the street lamps, THE LITTLE BABBLING BROOK? This used to be one of my very favorite casinos!

 While the service is quick I think I will pass next time.Avoid!  Greasy globs of food...out of some salad items...slow.  I ate at Cleo's at The Yard on Saturday - there's a Barrio there that I THOUGHT I'd like to try sometime.  NO WAY!  What a disappointment."Chips and salsa please", sorry we are out they said. Really? Your a Mexican restaurant. "Will you have them in a few minutes?" Um I don't know, I'm not sure. 15 minutes later I asked if they were ready, no sorry. Ok I said. 15 minutes later I go to back up to counter to get another beer and the employee says "oh sorry, I'm too young to serve alcohol and the employee who can just went downstairs and I don't know when he'll be back". Really? So 20 minutes later the other guy arrives back. We ordered a burrito which was terrible with dried out beef and chewy tortilla. Sorry we chose this overpriced place to hang out while waiting for our plane. They need to get their act together. What a disappointment!The little aluminum tin of flan had no caramel sauce and was $5.  Very disappointing!Been going to this gym for 3-4 years with the biggest draw for me being the movie room during the summer heat. Most the treadmills in the movie room either the buttons don't work or the belts slide. There is one treadmill that is stuck on a 3 or 4 incline for over 2 years now. If that is your draw you will be frustrated every time you go in. Normally run outside and was surprised that the same problems since last summer still exist on the same machines. The price is reason it didn't get 1 star.I have been a member here for about 4 months, I have a personal trainer, who I see once a week. There has been times where I didn't make it or my trainer which we always text each other. I haven't been there there like in two weeks because I been moving and not one time has my trainer text me to see why I haven't been there.Hire a better receptionist than Rihanna or train her , when she's talking to you she is talking to someone else and talking here and there and was even confused if she's talking to you. Lol. She has no idea to check your account/membership, cannot spell, so you have  to spell letter after letter slowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwly. So she can understand. Uses the word WTH, while talking to a customer ( very unprofessional). ( I can't spell either tho' just to let you know )  she is also trying her best or maybe it's not even her, perhaps this place just need to hire more employees. The manager here is super nice and the place is clean, and best part right next to my house. Happy burning some CALS people.Absolutely do not pay for a personal trainer unless you expect to pay forever. I was warned by others but thought I would be different, not so. After a year of paying, I went to an assistant manager to cancel, it was in that one week time frame they require!  He was unable to do the cancellation and said he was leaving documentation for the manager to continue with the cancellation. Well that never happened. After phone calls to the number on the contract and attempts to see an elusive manager we were charged an additional month's fee. It is still not resolved. Assistant managers have to listen to our problems but they have no power to fix them, yet the manager is not available. The system must be changed.If I was rating this this on my Personal Training Experience alone it would be 5 STARS.  Nicole is great!  However I've been going in circles with staff that doesn't communicate .  I signed up for 6 months of personal training not realizing 6 months in, it auto renews.  I cancelled the debit card on file due to theft.  When I went in to update payment info I was told that Personal Training was all "good".  No need to update because we just reached the end of the 6 month contract.....WRONG.  Although the person updating my info said Personal Training was good......It was still going to bill me every month.  3 months later I received a collections notice in the mail and I thought they were off their rocker.  I immediately called and spoke with Kelsi the gym Manager.  He told me I would still have to pay for the 3 months and that he would save me the hassle of writing a cancellation letter.  I had just returned from a 2 week vacation and needed time to recoup finances.  We created a payment plan to pay it off in 2 payments 2 weeks apart and 1 payment being that day.  At the worst possible time which was about 3 days later(And 1 week before the 1st payment date) they dinged my account for the full amount shorting 3 of my other auto payments.  I was livid.  Apparently they have no communication amongst management and employees.  I called about 5 times over the next 3 days with no return call from Kelsi.  I was told by one employee he only accepts phone calls between 9am and 11am. So I called during that time frame  the next 2 days.  One day he wasn't in. The other day he was with a client.  I called today at 5:30pm and they actually put him right on the phone.  I've had alot of customer service training in the past and EOS definitely lacks that.  I recommend that if you sign up for training for a specific amount of time cancel the next week (if they let you) so you don't forget as I have.  I don't feel they truly care about their clientele or they would offer more assistance when a problem occurs.  You would think they would at least offer to reimburse the $75 in NSF fees that applied to my bank account when they dinged my account on a date not approved.As for the rest of the gym I'd give it a 4.  Customer service at the front desk really hurts this gym.  You will notice that when you read other reviews.Ate here on Super Bowl Sunday, food was over salty and cold. I was dissappointed after reading all of the fabulous reviews. What made things worse, after we ate we both felt very bloated. Then i started to get a headache which turned into a severe headache. The kind i normally only get from MSG.the headache lasted well into the evening. I was so hoping this indian buffet was going to be great. Now that the all vegetarian south indian buffet in Tempe. Has seemed to lose it way. With the same borning dishes over aand over again. And looks like this place is not going to take its place. Didnt think Indians used MSG in their food, do they? Well due to the headache and bloated stomache. I dont think i would return. . Perhaps if they change sigificantly i would venture back.Went for the lunch buffet on a Wednesday. The food was lackluster at best. Service was decent; we were seated promptly and our table was cleared frequently. The food really drags this place down though. To add insult to injury, the tea was burnt. Sad.I just went here Sunday and the buffet was fabulous. Today I went for dinner with the hope of getting the same great food. I ordered the Paneer Pakora and it was tasty. I then ordered the Goat Masala and Aloo Parotha. The other waiter said get garlic naan, I was like Ive been eating this almost all my life I like aloo parotha. You wouldnt think someone who doesnt eat Indian regularly would choose goat right? The Goat was just ok, it was in their words Mild, which is medium to hot spicy. I love spicy so I dont midn but imagine first time indian food eaters. In addition I asked the waiter if there are any dairy free vegan options since I wanted to bring food for my sister. Waiters were very non helpful. They did not check on me once until they brought me the bill. They didnt do the same for the other 3 tables in there. In addition the waiter thought I had ordered another goat which I clearly didnt and when I went to pay upfront (I was tired of waitng for the waiters) the goat I didnt order was still on my bill. I ordered some baked items at the end wanting to order the Golub Jamun but I saw mold all over it. Im not here ot try to put a place out of business but the service tonight was some of the worst I have ever had. I felt very unwelcome the whole time. The food is inconsistent and service was awful but since there is a large Indian following they will do well. No thanks for next time, this was one oft he biggest gut checks Ive ever had when it comes to food. I was looking forward to dinner tonight.I would give this restaurant three stars for their lunch buffet which was pretty decent and I have had this at least four to five times now. Today I went their for dinner and was terriblly disappointed. It started out really well with gobi manchurian which I think is the best in this valley after that it was complete downhill. Service was below par. People do know the difference between dahi vada and dahi bala chat. They bought us two dahi vada and argued that one is dahi balla chat. Anyways dahi vada was not that good either. Noodles was a joke .. expected an indianised version but it was still american version. South indian dosa and sambar was not good as well although the restaurant is named after an south indian city. It is sad to not see a worthy indian restaurant in our valley.Meh. It's decent Indian and has a decent selection but the high quality isn't there and they really skimp on the meats on their buffet.Not to mention the Tandoori is really dry and seems like they cook it days before and microwave it or something. Kinda has a very weird sandy texture.I'd skip it. Better Indian food around and $12.99 is a lot for a buffet of this quality.Meh. It's decent Indian and has a decent selection but the high quality isn't there and they really skimp on the meats on their buffet.Not to mention the Tandoori is really dry and seems like they cook it days before and microwave it or something. Kinda has a very weird sandy texture.I'd skip it. Better Indian food around and $12.99 is a lot for a buffet of this quality.The entrees were good, husband's and mine.  The bread was not.  The service was horrendous.  The waiter served us in blue jeans and a tea shirt - I mean - really!  He pretended to understand when I ordered Naan "light" with no brown on it.  I specifically told him if it was dark with any blackened parts on it or much brown, I would not eat it so it had to be lightly cooked.  He brought it with the bottom completely dark brown, the top part at least 1/2 brown & 1/2 lighter and parts all over were black.  I told him it was specifically what I did not want.  Again, he pretended to understand.  The cook came out and asked what was wrong with it.  Obviously, the two do not communicate with each other.  I could not find vegetable dishes on the menu and told the waiter so and I asked him if vegetables came with the main course - the entrees because I could not find vegetable dishes on the menu.  He said no "there are no separate vegetable dishes".  So, I ordered just the main dish and the naan, which I sent back and he returned it and left it for my husband.  After a wait and when the food almost arrived, I turned around the alcoholic menu and found - vegetable dishes, in the form of appetizers.  The waiter completely missed the mark.  I wished I had ordered one of those.  It was too late because no sooner had I seen those for about one minute at most, the food had arrived.  So, I ate curried lamb.  It was tasty, perfectly good but, there were no vegetables and thanks to a moron of a waiter, I was told there were none to order separately and there were zero with the curried lamb dish, just pieces of lamb in a curried sauce.  I do not eat white rice and that has zero nutrition anyway so even if I ate that, which I did not, it would have contributed nothing to a meal of some value to the body.  If the waiter did a decent job, we would have ordered a couple of vegetable appetizers and been a lot happier about the meal and there was no excuse for bringing me brown & blacked naan when he knew I had ordered it light with little or no brown on it - cooked very lightly.  It was around 7 p.m. and there was only one other couple in the entire restaurant.  While we were eating, one other couple came in to eat.  Perhaps, the nearly empty place and the t-shirt and blue jeans says something about the food and management.  It was a huge disappointment overall because I did like my lamb dish and my husband liked his.  He remarked on our way home that his lamb dish was better than the food at the last two Indian restaurants we had been to.  In fact, the very last one about a month before that was not good at all so, it is too bad that this restaurant hired a clueless dumb bunny for a waiter who was no help at all - messed up on the vegetables and messed up on the bread.  My impression is that husband wants to give them one more chance.  I am thinking to go to the place we have been several times that is very good - quite a drive though.  If ever a waiter did not deserve a tip, this one was it but husband tips everybody regardless.  I suggested something less than adequate.Slow service and dinner is too expensive, will not be coming for dinner againThe standards of Indian food in chandler are already agonizingly low but chennai grill does nothing to rise above them. The butter chicken and garlic naan were edible but had no lasting flavor. The chutneys, on the other hand, had a very strange texture and flavor (almost tasting like they had gone bad). I wouldn't say this restaurant is the worst I've been to in the area, but there's certainly nothing special about it and I won't be going back.Bait and SwitchI recently bought a house. Brad and his trainee showed up at my house two days after I moved in. They showed up in the middle of my family dinner, around 7PM. I kindly asked that they stopped by another time. They came back later that evening around 8:30 as I was getting my kids bathed and ready for bed. Brad is a very smooth sales guy who quickly tries to relate and understand your needs. Based on that, he inserts FUD (Fear, Uncertainty and Doubt). He talks about being new to a neighborhood, not really knowing your neighbors, stats about the number of homes broken into in the first 30 days of move-in, etc.

- The DJ was incredibly loud. With admission, my boyfriend and I spent over $80 on food (taste/quality) we could have made at home. I wont be back next year.I went all 3 days to try a White Castle burger.   All 3 days they were closed by 4 PM.   I was told they ran out of food and even if they had the food they had a 6 hour wait.  How can a chain that large not be prepared.  3 other vendors were closed also.  How does that happen?   Not worth the wait! Didn't find any thing of interest everything was  the same old stuff. Nothing outstanding!First off let me start by saying I did not write a review for the last foodie fest because my boyfriend, daughter, and I all got food poisoning. It was one of the worst experiences of our lives, but we couldn't narrow it down so I didn't want to put any particular truck on blast. The fact that we returned was based on free tickets from yelp (thanks yelp and Red Dragon) and White Castle. I choose not to go to my fav local trucks like fuku, sin city wings, and chi town hustler (who wasn't at this 1, but was at last) because they usually up their prices for the event. Sucks for us locals who are use to their normal prices. But I get it because they have an insane vendor fee of like $900! I'm curious if all trucks even profited with prices like that?We went Friday and arrived at about 4:15-4:30. The line was long so we went to the VIP entrance for our yelp tix.Unorganized from the start. I was clearly the first Yelper to check in thru VIP. The lady argued with me and told me I had to go to general admission, until I pulled up the email and showed it to her. Still, they did not have a list of names, and let 3-4 parties in before me. I literally watched the White Castle line get 30 minutes longer as the unorganized employees text for information.I finally got in, and went straight to the White Castle line. We waited about an hour to order, and another hour for our food. I took a break and got a lemonade and tornado potato while my bf dealt with the crazies. We ordered a crave crate which is 100 burgers for $100. Between 4 of us we killed about 25 burgers. Lets just say we had no problem getting rid of the rest. However I've had White Castle. From White Castle. They may have brought their grills from Chicago, but the patties were indeed still frozen. And the cheap patties were even a tad undercooked. It wasn't like the real thing, and I know I can't be the only one who feels this way. However, if Las Vegas didn't prove their worth for bringing a real White Castle to our city- the company is freakin' crazy! They sold out of their first batch of 60,000 burgers the first night! GIVE US THE REAL THING WHITE CASTLE!!I tasted some BBQ nachos from the Q truck- BOMB.Other than that- a fun time but I wouldn't do it again, NOR EVER PAY FULL PRICE! $10 entry then pricy food truck grub? Vegas locals are supporting your scene, expand hours, areas, and LOWER PRICES! Make it worth it for everyone, trucks and customers!I can't say I will return to another foodie Fest. It's possible if they do a few things different. Hopefully they'll notice the disappointing yelp reviews and take notes!First time at the foodie fest. Thank goodness I bought my tickets online and ahead of time so I was able to skip the lines. Got there on Friday night and the actual lines at the trucks were reasonable. About 15-20min wait. Had the tacos at White Rabbit. Didn't really think they were anything special and I also think they raised the price just for the event. Headed over to Slap yo mama and had the catfish po boy which was delicious especially since it was fresh and hot. Had the pulled pork pocket at Roamin dough which I thought was okay. For dessert, I had the thai tea fluff ice which was fluffy but not enough flavor. Definitely not worth it. i really wanted to try White Castle but the lines were redonkculous. The yelp booth was overrun by little kids.. which I thought was odd. Overall, this event was just WAAYYY too popular. Honestly, I don't know what they could do to make this event better. Maybe extend it to the whole week? I understand the entrance fee which is totally fine with me. But if the food trucks also raise their price then I have a problem with it and also waiting in line for 30+ at the trucks is also just dumb.As a brand new Vegas resident, this was my first Foodie Fest.  So I can't compare it to past ones, but only to other similar events I've attended elsewhere.I attended both Saturday and Sunday evenings.I arrived Saturday about 5:30pm.  My initial impression is that the guys holding the traffic signs seemed to be very angry.  Especially the one directing cars into the dirt lot - he was openly yelling at many of the drivers as they went by.  Not sure what his deal was, but you know what, sign-guy?  Nobody cares what you think.Sunday I arrived a little earlier and parked in the garage - a much easier experience.The line to enter on Sat. wasn't too bad and seemed to move quickly.  I didn't mind the entrance fee and appreciated that one price got you all 3 days (even if that involves wearing a garish wristband all weekend).I won't go item-by-item on the various foods I tried from each vendor, but I will echo the sentiments of many:For an event like this, it's ridiculous that virtually nobody was offering smaller taste portions.  (Perhaps a few were - I didn't examine every single menu board).Some wait times at certain trucks seemed excessive, but not sure how that's to be avoided.  I guess since you're eating full portions, it gives you more time to digest.  I will say that on Sunday the lines were virtually non-existent for a while and I was able to sample the trucks I skipped on Saturday.A bit surprised at the relatively low number of vendors.  I was expecting a lot more of them.One annoyance was that several trucks ran out of plastic utensils on both nights.  That's just sloppy planning.I didn't drink any alcohol, so I can't speak to that aspect of the Fest - other than to say the fact that they basically ran out of beer on both nights I was there is laughable.  That was a festival first for me.  C'mon, really??  Running out of beer in Las Vegas? White Castle.  Unbelievable.  4 hours?!?  Look . . . you eat these things for nostalgia.  Not because they're good (because they're not).  People buying these things by the case?  Baffling.  I was amused the queue required police presence on Sunday.  (Yes, actual real policemen - with guns! - standing watch over the line.)The DJs - too loud and too many of 'em.Overall, I had a decent time and probably will return next year.  All the vendors were really pleasant to deal with, and all the other patrons I spoke with were nice and seemed to be having fun.  But they had several glaring issues that seemed to be preventable if not for lazy planning.  And try to attract more trucks/vendors.Two stars, because the "Meh, I've experienced better" blurb seems to fit perfectly.Meh is right.

Of sugary sour mix and messy service this is your place! It's overpriced and the equivalent of airport food. My party and I were so disappointed. A few dishes we ordered never even made it to the table. The service matches the food quality. It's scary. This place is bad bad bad.Nice decor. Service was good with decent cocktails. The food was terrible. I have never had to pay for chips and salsa in a Mexican restaurant. The food was bland and tasteless,  covered in sauces in an attempt for flavor. Honestly the worst tasting Mexican food I have ever eaten in Las Vegas. As a local I feel sorry for tourists that get stuck here.Food was not good.  Had the steak nachos and the beef tasted like it had been frozen.  No flavor with a rubber texture.   Also had the empanadas, not bad, but after the horrible nachos and bad queso fundido (cheese was not melted), the meal was ruined.   Add the loud rap music being blared on the loud speakers and the $84 tab for horrible food, it was quite a bad dining experience.  Would not recommend.Ugh, no thanks. To sum it up...nothing but an overpriced, glamorized Lindo Michican a local Mexican restaurant. Or for you So Cali folks, think of this place like a El Toritos.Given that Chayo is located at the heart of Las Vegas Blvd, prices will be up the ying yang but the food quality does not match the price. NO COMPLIMENTARY chips or salsa. It's $3 per order. $9 if you want guac and chips. I know it may no biggie for some if you gotta pay for chips/salsa. This may be overlooked IF the food was good.But it wasn't. It was bland. Three small enchiladas plate was like $18. I ordered tilapia and let me tell you....for those who are health conscientiousness, trying to watch their calorie intake, trying to watch their cholesterol....FORGET ABOUT IT. You would think tilapia is good for you but nope! They put so much salt on that fish, I thought I was going to bloat with every bite I take. Over-salted it.....what a poor decision from the chef.I don't know what Chayo is trying to be....are they trying to be a restaurant? A bar? A nightclub-ish lounge? The reason I said that was they have such LOUD top 40s, club music playing. I was practically yelling across the table to talk to my boyfriend!!!! Before you judge me and say I'm probably too old or boring since "loud music" bothers me, how would you like it if you're trying to eat and you hear Pitbull telling you to "forget about your boyfriend and meet me at the hotel room" or Flor Rida telling you he's on an elevator and on the "second floor...got stuck on a hoodrat..." *rolls eyes* I'm sorry but that's not what I want to hear while trying to eat my meal. Or take the volume down a notch...or even three if they still want to continue to play that kind of music.Service was a hot-mess that night. (Went on a Monday for dinner around mid Feb.) We had 3 different waiters/waitresses coming up to our table throughout the night. First, they can't make up their minds who was our designated waiter. We kept on getting asked for our drink orders from multiple waiters when we ordered it already. And just an observation, it seemed like none of the waiters knew which table ordered what. A couple times, different entrees and appetizers were brought to our table and it was NOT what we ordered. I saw them scurrying around trying to find out who ordered the salad. Were they ALL training that night or something? It was also a pretty windy night and even though we were sitting inside, we still felt the wind because they had the doors wide open. And common sense....wouldn't it be smart to close the doors when you see paper napkins, receipt papers and paper trash flying all around the room!? Come on now.  We left Chayo completely disappointed. I can't believe I settled on this place for dinner. -__- What a waste."Meh. I've experienced better." is definitely the right way to put it. Came here with my cousins for their happy hour - which is actually decent. Decor and atmosphere is nice, but it's their food and prices that isn't going to keep me going here. Way overpriced for what you pay for, especially for their entrees and tapas.This place obviously was made for tourists to go to, so I had that in mind going in.  But, it was still not the greatest. I ordered the chorizo sopes (which is actually listed as an appetizer) and they were super bland. Someone else in their review said that it was authentic mexican food with a twist. I don't think that there was anything authentic about the food.  They looked authentic and had the title, but the taste was nowhere close.  Want Carne Asada?  You can't even find that here. I would've probably been better off just eating chips and salsa, which the waiter was nice enough to make sure that we had an abundance of and ended up bringing 5 baskets of chips and constantly refilling (there were 7 of us). I actually went on the mechanical bull, and while that was fun, I primarily came for food, not a mechanical bull.I enjoyed the atmosphere (a wall of sugar skulls, paintings, and another wall of elaborate crosses), but the music was loud and terrible.  The food was obnoxiously overpriced, hence why I went with an appetizer, but even that was still $16. Waiter was nice.  He's probably what saved the review to be 2 stars.I don't really plan on coming back here.  If I get pulled into it again, I'm probably going to eat somewhere else beforehand and just have their Sangria.I'd pass on this.  There are plenty of places on the strip who do great Mexican food.  This is not one of them.  They got one star because I can't give them none.  We just wanted a nice jalapeo infused margarita but 3 tries later and we gave up.  The manager was snotty and not interested in making customers happy.  Just don't bother.03/10/15 Update

I am very disappointed with this visit.  There are lots of other BBQ establishments to try and I think we will.Their customer service was excellent but the baby back ribs were horrible. I still think bobby q's has the best fall off the bone ribs.I had a BBQ craving & Famous Dave's isn't too far so we decided to order take out.  I ordered a smoked chicken breast sandwich & my husband got pulled pork.  The sauce was GREAT but that's about it.  The meat was dry as could be & this was around 6:30pm so I'm not sure why it would be so dry, almost as if it was from lunch, yuck.  We were starving so I choked most of down, drowning it in the sauce.  I'm always on the hunt for good BBQ but this was just bad.  Maybe it was an off night, I'm not sure but for the prices, I'm not sure if we will be rushing back anytime soon.I had lunch here today. I had the ribs & pork lunch. Both meats were over cooked & dry. I had the green beans & I am not a fan. I've been her before and had better food. The service was excellent!Burnt ends sandwich was so dry couldn't chew it up and swallow it. Bread was falling apart as if it was old. Server took order then never saw her again. Someone else brought food she finally came by later to ask about dessert. It's been awhile since we have been here and now I remember why. Dave needs to get in here and kick some butt!Came to famous dave's for some BBQ, which tasted alright, but the wait was incredibly long, especially for something not that special . There are a few other BBQ places around the area, so if I had the chance or time, I'd probably give another place a shot and save yourself some time.My husband and I went to this restaurant for lunch.  The ribs I ordered were not baby back ribs, instead spare ribs. My husband ordered a brisket sandwich that was horrific.  They should be ashamed to bring this food out to any customer.  We have crossed this restaurant off our list of places to dine out at.  Do not waste your money at this restaurant. The only positive is we had a very friendly waitress that was very attentive to us.Food is great! Service not so great. I had gone to FD with my parents. They have never been there. and it took really long for us to get our food. We didn't even get chips. That is not such a big deal but when you see other people that have gotten there after us getting their chips and food it is very disrespectful. When it came time to pay we all split the bill. My parents paid cash and I paid with card. The waiter ran my card first and took all the money from my card. I am a stay at home mom, it was quite a bit of money because we came in a large group, and I can't afford that right now. So that happened but the waiter completely lied to me. He said it was the process because their computers are so old, he also mentioned I will get my money the next day I got it almost a week later. I have handled a cash register before. I know that you take the cash first then the card. I am not someone who likes scandals so I left quietly and called, the next day, corporate office to see when I would get my money because I haven't received it. I mentioned the whole situation. They did nothing to fix it.It seems the quality of the food can't quite catch up to their rising prices.  Going to take a break and look for another take out restaurant in the area for a bit.  Maybe the time away will strengthen my desire...  or not we'll see!I've been to this Daves MANY times since my first review and tonight I had a rare bad experience with their brisket, it was either the first slice or the last from the whole and it had several really thick muscle like pieces that were inedible. I was really disappointed and if this happens again I'll be telling the manager to get me another servicing if he expects me to pay.9 times out of 10, when faced with a choice of restuarants, I prefer locally owned joints over chains. This place is a good reminder of why that is. We ended up going here because someone had given us a gift certificate.   So, we stopped in for a late lunch - we arrived well after  the "busy" time.   We thought we'd have quick, attentive service, but that was not quite the case.  Our server was friendly, but rather slow in getting drinks out to us & taking our order. I decided to go simple and have a chicken burrito with rice & beans.  The food tasted ok but was not what I would consider to be particularly good. It was just meh. I can definitely make better chicken burritos with beans & rice at home.  But the worst part was about an hour after eating here, I started to feel yucky.  I was not "sick-sick" but felt as if I had eaten too much of something that I am senstive to - like too much MSG . I think that most fast food and big corporate chains use some MSG in their food but I try to avoid the ones that use way too much of it.  (The problem is that it doesn't always show up in an ingredient list as MSG - sometimes it is just labled as "natural flavorings" or  something to that effect).  While a little bit of this stuff is not generally problematic for me, I do find that  when places use too much, that's when I notice the icky feeling.  Places like Applebees, Chilis, On The Border, etc  often use chicken (and other ingredients) that have been seasoned at a central plant, then frozen, and shipped out to the individual locations... these flavorings that are mass-produced are more likely to have too much stuff like MSG in it to try & make it taste better when it is ultimately cooked up & served to the consumer.  Honestly,  there are way too many other good places to eat in this area for me to choose to go back here.  If I end up getting another gift card for  here in the future, I think I'll re-gift it to some one who would better appreciate it.  Next time I have a craving for Mexican when I am close to home, I'll head over to Maria Bonita (Rea/Colony Rd),  Senor Tequila (Piper Glen), or Cabo's (Carmel/51).Food was great, service too. I took a brownie with ice cream to go, ate it later on that night and it tasted like onions why? So I complained and that was last Friday got a call today from the manager and he actually said to me that it was probably cross contamination yuck!!!!!!! Why would you tell a customer that?Yet another reason to stay away from franchise chains.I've only been here due to proximity to where I live and how much I craved some margarita with patron. The overpriced margarita was definitely good. Would take a free meal if I was offered one. No other reason to go back here otherwise.We had  a gift card from a friend, so we used it to towards a birthday outing.  The service was great, our waitress was top-notch and friendly.  They had great drink specials ($3.50 margaritas, $2.50 beers), and we loved the chips and salsa.  The Queso, however was so salty and watery.  We should have returned it immediately but we were all pretty hungry.  I got the Try 3 - with the fish taco being my favorite.  I was surprised at the tiny tostado.  Hubby got the steak burrito, and while it was huge, the steak itself was pretty chewy and the flavor was boring, too.  I'd return to Don Pedro's or Azteca or any one of the local Mexican eateries next time.This is an OK place to go and hang out with some friends after work and maybe get some chips and salsa. I went there for dinner and it's basically what you'd expect from a chain Mexican restaurant. I was not impressed. There are much better places to go if you are in the mood for Mexican food.Tucked in Promenade next door to the Macaroni Grille is On the Border Cantina.  It's a pretty typical Mexican place with a predictable menu.  The decor is pretty cheesy with over-done Mexican theming throughout.  It really feels like some corporate big-wig in Chicago said, "If it's stereotypical Mexican, it's for us!"  The bright colored tiles, clay colored flooring, really is eye-roll worthy.The staff was fine, and the drink specials they have are worth checking out.  $2 draft beers, and $3 house margaritas?  definitely the best feature.  Several patrons obviously had figured this out as the bar area had a little micro crowd of folks taking advantage of cheap booze and free chips and salsa.The food unfortunately, is nothing to write home about and left our entire table with a brick in our stomachs for the rest of the evening.  The chips aren't fresh, and taste blah, my pork tacos, which were the special so they had to be fresh, right?  RIGHT??? were average at best.  They were topped with some sort of chili and supposedly some roasted corn and other veg... I had maybe 3 kernels of corn on each taco, and the chili stuff on top seemed awfully like it had been frozen at some point - it was very visually unappealing, bland, and flat-out disappointing.Overall, this place is a step above a Taco Bell and should change its name to Mexican Applebees.I have been to this place at least 5 times. I always get the fish taco. This time it was too salty and tasted old. I prefer my fish taco grilled. They had it battered. Two thumbs down. But the atmosphere was good. I watched my panthers play and had good laughs.Coming from Texas, I am extremely familiar with great mexican cuisine. Tex-mex has been a longtime favorite since the day I first had unlimited red and green sauce. That being said, my expectations may have been too high coming here. - The atmosphere was great. The decor made the place really come alive (very similar to many restaurants in Charlotte). You feel like you are in Mexico.- Sauce is solid, honestly nothing to rave about but it gets the job done.- The entree's are just really bland.1) My cousins enchiladas came out cold

I'm not sure if the hotel or my company messed up my reservation.  I do know that when I checked in and the front desk clerk asked me if I was just staying one night, it didn't sound right.  I told her so, and asked how many nights the rest of my group was booked.  She insists my reservation matches everyone else's, and we are all booked one night only.  Hmmm....weird.  I wait for the rest of the group to arrive, check with everyone else and no, they are staying 2 or 3 nights.  At this point, I'm unable to extend my reservation because the hotel is fully booked.  No room at the inn, I kind of felt like Joseph and Mary minus the whole virgin birth of the messiah thing.  My room:

6) Croquettas (if they are on the menu, very few restaurants serve these)

They told me to just walk in for my blood work.I waited an hour and a half just to have blood drawn.

Our meal was brought out quickly after that.  The spinach in the manicotti had a bite (negative) to it that I haven't really had in the past with pasta.  My date's steak  was fine and the potatoes were tasty.So, overall.  My service was very good, the decor is outdated, and the food was mediocre.

We got comped tickets with very great seats and since its a cirque show i thought it would be good since i was impressed with their other shows.This was definitely a waste of our evening. The show is about 1hr 30 minutes but it felt like eternity. The show just lags and seems to be a mumbo jumbo or story lines and scenes.Maybe i'm slow and can't catch on the story... I thought i understood what this show was about until all this other stuff comes along and some wierd nature animal stuff then i was SO lost. Some parts of the show is just LONG and redundant to the point it's annoying. The fireworks were nice i guess...If this was your first cirque show i would've probably been impressed but if you are going to spend money on shows, i would rather reccomend the "O" at the Bellagio. Or go for something with humor such as Zumanity.This was my first Vegas show. The concierge at our hotel told us it was excellent and booked us seats.

The Phoenician used to be my favorite hotel, but after this experience with incredibly poor customer service, I won't return again, nor will I recommend it to my friends or colleagues. Such a disappointment.I had towels with BOOGERS and a filthy tub and shower. Things were broken or not working. (See photos!) The view was wonderful and the out dated casita really wasn't too bad but the quality of housekeeping is with a motel 6 that had a nice turndown service. The only reason I gave two stars was for the thoughtful birthday cupcake that was sent and for outstanding service from Rich, our cabana server.Went to Relish and had outstanding burgers that better had been good because they took and hour and a half to receive. Unfortunately, the food server spilled our tray and the food had to be remade. We received no apology or accommodations for our starving family while we waited, and waited, and waited! We were celebrating a birthday and even though I made the server aware of this, and considering the mishap, they didn't even comp our $10 dessert.We had a wonderful day as we reserved a cabana and hung out by the pool and like I said the service was above and beyond from Rich. Most employees we encountered we very kind and professional. It was a shame that our casita was unpleasant. Although outdated, it was still beautiful. But you can not call such filth 5 star. We will most likely take our money elsewhere (Montelucia & Sanctuary are my suggestions) next time.I swear the pizza was better before.  =(  It was warm and the cheese was just bearly melting.Walked around the store for 10 minutes with no acknowledgement from the staff. There was no other customer in the store. Only person to say hello was the mover guy who was putting together a bed frame. Stuff seems nice...on higher end of price range. I'd be willing to pay extra for quality goods, however, if it includes decent customer service. This place, at least today, didn't offer that.I don't get what why this place has won Best of Phoenix in Phx Magazine. I went to this place for some wings and was not impressed with the run down interior (blinds breaking as I was ordering) and lack of cleanliness. I would have still looked over that stuff is that food was good, but it was meh. Not worth it, not sure what this place has other than a funny name.I came on a weekday craving some wings.I left with probably elevated cholesterol and higher blood pressure. The problem is that the wings are definitely miniaturized. For the price that I paid, I guess that's to be expected. However, it threw off the balance of the wings as they were much too salty for my taste. Think licking mini cubes of salt...I ordered the Danny's Special, so there were both wings and fries.I did really dig the cajun spice on the fries, but not enough to warrant another visitP.S. $10 min on credit/debit cardFirst time I ate there will be my last. The wings were mediocre tasting and were very small in size. I also ordered an overpriced burger that was sub-par to McDonalds. Maybe it's not like this at the other locations but I'm not willing to chance it. I'll just stick with Zipps for wings and burgers.I first step in the store it reeks of monkey balls lol. The arcades of covered with monkey ball juice lol. A nice selection of novelty toys for men and women, but it sucks to see a used toy back int he arcade. Something to vomit to. Weekend nights are packed with drunks a wild people from long distances, even from CANADA.Yes the staff is hit hard and I cant believe that anyone can last for many years. One of the employees had grey hair and was so young lol   And its just creepy when regulars stare at your ass or peepee lolFirst shop I checked out after moving to the Phoenix area. Small selection of toys and other accessories. The arcade area had about 6 or 7 middle aged white guys just walking around like zombies. Creeped me out so much, I left as fast as I could and probably won't ever return.Low expectations from the start but this was bad. First- customer service was a bit slow but super nice and polite. Food was definitely fast as fast food should be. Salad was as expected, should have chosen something other than spicy Asian but meh.Bad- the sandwich was school lunchroom quality. The grilled chicken was boiled to infinity then had some grill marks added for color. It was literally like biting into rubber. Honey mustard was surprisingly bland. And soggy tomato. Not worth the money.But they have a make your own coke machine.Custom Tailor should be one word and a 4 letter word like "LOVE".

-colmpletely forgetting to deliver pizza!

Decor is pretty good, thats about it.2 scoops of gelato in a cup for $5.25.  Pistachio lacked flavor.  Hazelnut was nice.  Creamy texture.  Cool chocolate fountain display.Over priced, way over priced. Don't know why folks are willing to pay so much for such mediocre foodI went there while I was in Vegas last week and the atmosphere was great, but the pastries and cakes were very overpriced. I got the "flan" and it didn't even taste like flan. It was very dry and the cream tasted like creme brulee almost. I don't know if the other pastries are good, but from my experience, I do NOT recommend the flan.I've expected better.Service:

Car: B-

$4/person for coffee was pretty high for why it was.We ordered Andy's sage fried chicken breakfast with a side of gravy. The biscuits were extremely dry and tasteless. The scrambled eggs were scooped from a mass produced pan of eggs. The gravy was good and so was the chicken. The mashed potatoes were average.Lastly, the reason for a two and not a three is that the bus boy was on top of the coffee and water refill but our server must have been in witness protection. We saw her twice the while time.Oh well, next time it will be the Rio buffet for us.Ew.I yelped this place before my trip to Vegas and happened to find this in the hotel that my boyfriend and I were staying at. We did not get the chicken and waffles so this review might have turned out differently. I decided on the spinach, ham, and cheddar omelet while my boyfriend wanted 3 eggs and sausage.My omelet was nothing special. I got sick of it halfway through. Boyfriend got bacon instead of sausage but he didn't complain. We got the potatoes (don't remember what it's called) and both of ours were burnt- smelled and tasted. Biscuits were thick and dry, I didn't even bother eating mine. Butter and jam was also brought out. My boyfriend noted that both butter and jam had freezer burn and invited me to try for myself. No thanks.Use your total rewards card and get $1 off each entree. $2 off gets this 2 star review.I had the corned beef hash. Learned a lesson here...ask questions. The corned beef was good but it was smothered with melted cheese. I'm usually quite fan of cheese but NOT on my corned beef.  The crispy potatoes were flavorless. The biscuit was cold and far too dense. And worst of all...the prices were outrageously too high. What happened to the days of cheap food in Vegas?The two stars are for the strong coffee.I've eaten at hash house plenty of times at another hotel and it's always been good. But the scramble we got was horrible. Eggs are in a scramble... Obviously... Not in this one. It was all Swiss cheese and all green onion. The green onion was like straw. It honestly felt like they used 1 egg. 1 egg is fine at home, but hungover in Vegas... No.Service was fine.Food came out cold and had to be sent back. Would not give me white toasted rye or wheat. I like white toast.This is the kinda place that makes me angry as a consumer. Let's charge twice the price for a plate of food that a normal person couldn't possibly finish... You know that phrase your mom would say when you wouldn't finish your food? "there are starving children in Africa..." I'm sure the amount of thrown out food at this place could cure world hunger over night.Service was OK. Flavor was OK. I've had better $2 bloody Mary's in Virginia beach than what they charge you $16 and claim to be "famous". 24 on zagat is more for the exaggerated plating than it is for a good quality meal. Not going back.Food was okay the avocado on my food was hard and beginning to go bad. Service was okay this place is definitely  not like the San Diego location which satisfies a much more personal eating experience. Overall I felt like I was in a commercialize hash house similar to a Denny's experienceThis location is poorly staffed underserved.  The service at the bar is much better.

I had your coffee. I had your juice.

Fool me twice....I originally went to Battista's around 2006, when I first moved to Vegas and had heard about how it was this awesome old Italian joint. Ok, checked it out. But the food sucked. I'm no chef, and I remember walking out of there thinking, "I could have made better ravioli than that! And it wasn't even cheap!" I vowed never to go back.Fast forward to 2015. I read a glowing review of Battista's from Rick Moonen in the LV Weekly, and thought, "maybe they've changed the food!" We were in the area a couple weeks ago and decided to return, give it another chance.The inside still has that cool mob hangout feel and there's an old guy walking around playing an accordion. That's why they get the 2nd star.Overview for those who haven't been: everybody orders a "dinner" which comes with entre, soup or salad, garlic bread, unlimited house wine, and coffee. If you choose not to order an entre, you still have to pay for a dinner: $19 since you could be cheating and drinking out of somebody else's baby wine glass of $3 wine (what they serve is on par with 2 buck chuck, no question).I wouldn't even care about the weird setup if the food was actually good. The salad (a handful of lettuce with a piece of salami and shredded carrots on top) came out about the time the words "I'll have the salad" were coming out of my mouth. Soup was fine for minestrone. Where they really failed was the entre. I asked the waiter what was their signature dish, but he seemed baffled by the question, and instead asked, "you mean something you can't get anywhere else? That's the chicken rio." Ok fine, I'll take the chicken rio. It's chicken and pasta in a white sauce. Only the chicken is blobby and the white sauce isn't really sauce. More like straight heavy cream they poured on the plate. It seriously has no taste, just a fatty consistency. My original review stands: I could make better Italian food at home. Or purchase it at Fresh & Easy and heat it up. And it would be 10 times better. I honestly think they paid Rick Moonen to write that review. Or maybe he got some special food? Insult to injury: this meal cost me over $30!So this was an interesting experience. Pros: very fast service, no wait, friendly staff. Cons: very fast service (like was this food even made today?), no wait (is that because no one wants to eat here?), friendly staff (when you can't understand what your guests are saying, just smile!). Overall, we had fun and I guess that's what counts. Rather than get into everything little thing that went wrong, I'd say...just go with it.The food lacked flavor! I had lasagna and honestly, Trader Joes frozen lasagna is much much better. My companion had spaghetti and meatballs and said it was lacking flavor as well. The garlic bread was quite tasty! The service was excellent and the staff was very nice. If you need pre-drinking carbs for a reasonable price it's ok, but don't go here for flavorful food.The big draw here is the cheap unlimited free wine!  The food was panned food sitting around for a long time. It's a one hit wonder. Don't expect anything too flavorful. If you're a Foodie, don't expect you'll make a second trip here. This is a place where you'd find your frugal grandparents at.The seating flow at this restaurant is unexplained like Area 51, place looks empty but there's a long wait. I suspect it's the people lounging around drinking the free wine after dinner. Move along folks, people are waiting!Had been to Battista's several years ago, and it has gone downhill in a hurry.  Meals are $20-$40 and come with soup or salad, garlic bread, and unlimited red and white wine.Servers were great, very attentive and an older gentleman named Gordon plays his accordion at your table.  For that reason alone I add the second star.Beware....the wine is not drinkable.  The salad didn't appear fresh and was served so quickly that they had to be mass produced and sitting around in the kitchen.  The meatballs were good, but the sausage was lacking in taste.  We had ravioli and spaghetti as well, I can't believe how bad the sauce was....bitter and tasteless.There has to be better Italian food in Vegas....and I'll be searching for it next visit.Prices are between $20-$40 with free garlic bread, soup and unlimited white/red wine.   The house wine was all but undrinkable and was compared a friend to cheap Chinese wine. And we hoped that at least the food would be authentic or good but it isn't even as good as olive garden.  Gave 2 stars for some sort of nostalgia that some will enjoy but I just found it hokey.The dimly-lit, vintage Vegas ambiance lends to the charm of this place. I'd only recommend that you check this place out one time, just to say that you've been there. The casual, kitschy comfortable vibe is really the only saving grace for this place. The food is so sub-par, it makes Olive Garden seem like it was prepared by Chef Mario Batali. I've been here a couple of times and the food is consistently bland and pricey. Bottom line, come if you're looking to grab a couple of drinks (unlimited house white or red wine comes with your meal, along with a generic flavored cappuccino after dinner) and you have really low expectations for cuisine.Aside from getting food poisoning, it was a pleasant experience. The decent service and the old Vegas ambiance almost made up for the fact that I soiled myself before making it home.

Alaskan king crab legs

At least there's TPOh TAO, I've heard so much about you but I'm gonna have to agree with andrea v. with her statement "overrated with a crazy line"How not to wait? Bring an all girls party with you. The more, the better. As my friends have noticed, TAO seems to go for quantity over quality. Yea, feel free to grab the next scantily dressed girl to add to your party so you can get in faster.How to get free booze? Arrive before 11pm and do the "how not to wait" part.And after getting enough booze, exit. Because there's really no dance space. They over pack this place so ridiculously it should be shut down for fire hazard.If I could describe this place in one word, the word would be "overrated!"

Oh well... we tried... HAHHAHAHA...Yeah so this is on top of the women's club downstairs. They charge full price what they'd charge men for ladies, and we're not getting to see any titties, folks!We had to wait downstairs which annoyed the women dancing because we attracted male attention. Then we went upstairs and ...It was like the Chippendales, but worse. Less showmanship, cheesy banana hammocks, and the dudes are totally merecenary, there's no sense of illusion at all.If you're gonna watch men (or women) strip, do it in LA, where the fantasy creation is MUCH easier and it's much easier to "suspend your disbelief."Here you just feel awkward. If you're drunk you can fake interest. One dude humped my chest like a rabbit and I just felt violated. We called this one ADD Boy.And per the others reviews, yes ... the men are not so hot. The music's not so great. The lighting's not so great. The ambiance feels ... like you're there to get used, not the other way around.I'm going to write this from the perspective of a couple. Went here with my girlfriend (who is very much into this sort of thing) on a Saturday evening. Largest club in the US or something like that, eh? Didn't really feel like it, but then again everything in Vegas is huge so it's difficult to tell what large is. Speaking of large, the chunky asses and cottage cheese thighs on the majority of the dancers didn't sit well with us. There were so many girls though, it wasn't the worst thing about it. No... the worst thing was that we both had to pay the 30 dollar cover (because there was a male show there also). Bear in mind that we're from Phoenix where the lapdances are of higher quality and than what we had at this joint and they cost half the price... cover is also free for women or 10 bucks for men where we are. Drinks at this place were disturbingly overpriced. We had what was apparently boxed wine at 12 bucks a glass. After 4 rounds, the waitress told us we should've gotten a bottle - cheapest one was 120 bucks (um... if you can pour 8 glasses of wine out of one bottle of wine you should change your name to Jesus and start up a magic show on the strip).Also make note that we did a lot wrong that night... it was our first vegas strip club experience and didn't have the handbook. I'm sure there were cheaper ways to get drinks, but we didn't know about them. Anyway - so the dancers weren't all that great for the most part. The worst part about that though was that even though we had a decent seat in a high traffic area, we got no attention. When we did get attention, I got shitty lapdances. They were so standard, I wanted to tell them to stop halfway through. In front of me, a group of dudes were getting the works - legs over the shoulder, panties moved around, allowed to be grabby. Me? no. My girlfriend got some pretty good ones though.We were told by some that it was because we were a couple and that some girls don't like to dance for couples because they are afraid the girlfriend might freak out and get mad. Others said they thought I already was with a dancer... hmm...  Anyway - we had to ask the door guy at one point about it because we went an hour and a half without a girl even looking at us. He sent over the first chubby girl he could find... couldn't turn her down at that point. As the night went on, we started to get more dances - we had to be aggressive in finding the girls though. Lapdances were still shit for me though. We finally found a girl we both fell in love with and who seemed to fall in love with us - so we took her to the VIP area... pricey and not as private as I imagined. We were told by several girls who tried to upsell us that we could do more up there - psh... not much more from a guy's point of view - but she did some naughty things to my girlfriend. It was a lot of fun at least.  Don't know if the whole experience was worth every penny, but we don't have much to compare it to since this is the only strip club we visited in Vegas. Next time we're doing more research. We did find out that many dancers are from other states and just come out here on the weekends because they can make up to 2k a night... shit - a couple weekends or so a month and you could turn 6 figures a year easy. Now I understand a little why some of those girls were such stuck up bitches. Compared to the handful of clubs I've been to around Phoenix, I have to give the overall quality of the vegas local dancers a 2/5... we had a few who were just in from out of town who we liked a lot, but really we would only return to this club to try to find that VIP girl again. Otherwise we're never going back.Kid Rock showed up that night too... still doesn't elevate this place above a 2 from a couple's perspective... judging from the experience the guys around us were having though - I'd have to give it more stars.Our host for the weekend recommended this club for our bachelorette party.  First, we had to wait about an hour for the male review show to start.  They had us waiting in the gentlemen's area, so we got a chance to see the girls work it.  It was interesting.  Got to chat with some of the girls, they seem really nice.  I only saw a couple that had really nice bodies and were really pretty.Finally our show was about to start.  We got in there, and we were 1 of 3 bachelorette parties there.  The room felt really empty!  We left the show after our girl got her strip dance.  It wasn't anything to write home about.  There were 1-2 hot guys.  Most of it was just annoying that they kept coming to ask us if we wanted a lap dance.  When we said no, they laughed at us and said we were a bunch of lesbians.  Whatever!Only because the male strippers were funny as hell just trying to be sexy but fuck... if we don't want a dance from you don't bother us... HIS NAME IS CHILI... ugly as hell guy who kept trying to give us deals so he can dance for us.. which none of us wanted... some of the guy dancers were really nice though.. I met a guy who was from San Jose, CA pretty funny.. but seriously main room girl dancers NO FUCKING SEATS.. WTF.. but we kept getting asked to join the guys who had bachelor parties but we didn't wanna sit with them.. and saw a guy getting a hand job by some ugly stripper... HAHHAHA.The Costco of Vegas strip clubs.  I think the problem with the size of this place is it feels impersonal and you don't really benefit from the size - in other words, that hot stripper lap dancing on that guy 200 feet away, you're not really seeing that, the quantity of strippers and space does not impact the quality of your experience there, it doesn't make it any sexier.  SR is closer and better, OG is smaller and closer and about the same pricewise, Scores has better looking girls.This place would make a great ice skating rink.  Topless ice skating rink?Way overpriced and rude staff.  They act like they are doing you a favor by charging you and letting you in.  Disgusting!  Olympic Gardens is much better with hotter women.As a former review said...

When 'A" came back, he took our order and our Groupon and walked away. :(

Thank you Starbucks ladies for making sure I do not come back to this location ever.I would definitely hesitate to go back here. Unorganized. There were two customers in line and they tried to help us both at the same time with one POS (point of sale). I got my pieces back pressed and cleaned. However. The pressing burned the material so it looks like breasts under the garment now. Can't wear sleeveless. The other customer was a man that came in with his ticket and the owner said she couldn't find his items.At the same time I noticed there was a stain left on one of my shirts- she said it was a stain and couldn't take it out or redo to try again. That was a new one for me, but I said "okay, thank you". I'll take it to somewhere that can actually dry clean. The man asked: don't you have a system with the numbers? The girl who ran the front desk said to the owner (?) that they should help one person at a time and finish with me before they help someone else. She was wonderful- nice, remembered me when I came in- knew my name. This is a convenient location but one I may never visit again.  I hope they're a better tailor than dry cleaning.I bought a "triple dip" from them, via groupon, and when I got there the first treatment I was supposed to get was "broken". So, after calling the manager to see what to do, the girl gave me a free packet of primer to put on myself. Then she took me in the spraytan room and gave me the directions in about ten seconds flat. I had to open the door to ask questions twice after she had left. Then, when I got home and the spray had dried my right side was visibly darker than my left-from the spray jets. My feet were blazing red (top and bottom). The bottle of stuff that you are supposed to put on to avoid this was an unlabeled bottle sitting on the chair in the room- it looked and smelled like Jergens lotion.  Today after showering and after scrubbing the tops and bottoms of my feet- I would not be able to go lay out at a beach or pool - for I look ridiculous!The only upside is that the rest of my body looks nice and even. But I would say overall I got ripped off, out of my $30 I spent on the groupon package. Wouldn't do it again and won't return- in fact I am debating whether to go talk to a manager and find out what that bottle of "stuff" is, what I normally would have gotten had the first treatment not been "broken" and show them my feet- and then ask for my money back. -Sarah, LV, NVThey advertise 24 hr tanning but it's not at all 24 hr tanning. I don't get it. Very misleadingMy experience with the West Charleston location seems to be consistent...which unfortunately is not a good one. Seems there is often a wait time for a bed. Not a huge deal. The (lack of) customer service however, is a big deal. I recently moved and this location is now the closest to where I live but I may start going back to my old location. The issue is the staff. They are a little rude, seem pushy when it comes to lotions (I don't need to be asked every single time I walk in there) and there always seems to be at least three people working...yet only ONE computer. So when you walk in you wait in line while two other employees are behind the desk on their phones. Seems frustrating as a customer. Also, more than once it has seemed like they will make you wait a while just to get in to tan because they are going through the whole signup process/explanation with another customer. This has happened to me on multiple occasions. I work in customer service as well and have been taught the importance of multi-tasking. Maybe ask the other waiting customers if they are just here to tan so that we don't have to wait the 10-15min while the new customer goes back and forth and back and forth on which package to choose. Staff also seems a little caddy (gossiping and texting) which is not only unprofessional but uncomfortable as well. When customers pay for a service they should be treated well, not left wondering if the staff is going to make some snide comment once we head into a room to tan. Management needs to crack down a bit. Just saying. Two stars because I do feel I get my money's worth as far as my tan itself. Customer service is important though...and if I find the same price somewhere else I WILL switch.Definitely a standard B of A location. I do not bank with them personally, but I come to this branch pretty often to conduct transactions. The service could be friendlier and more efficient. I encounter quiet a few sourpusses among the tellers and they have messed up transactions in the past for which I had to return to fix, which was inconvenient. I'll still probably come here since it's conveniently located.5 pm today (Friday) and a long line with 2 tellers that worked through it super quickly! HOWEVER not quickly enough before each of us were approached by an employee called a RELATIONSHIP banker who speaks to each customer 1 by 1 in line about why they are in the bank today. This location is small with tile flooring. Vanessa (I think was her name) was really nice, but this was extremely intrusive. She asked questions in a loud perky voice, and as a result everyone in line could hear your personal business. Her job is to make sure you know that there is an atm outside and online banking, and tries to shorten the line by sending customers to use these resources. And she tries to make it personal by asking personal questions. Bank of America this is extremely inappropriate. The lady in front of me (after I regretfully and awkwardly answered about 10 questions out loud, going into my method for paying rent and the fact that I'm moving and where and why etc) finally told her she thought this was weird and didn't feel comfortable explaining her business for everyone to hear. Why didn't I think of that? Ugh. The 5 of us in line proceeded to discuss how odd and uncomfortable the whole experience with that was. No offense to Vanessa, but it was extremely offensive to us. I still feel uncomfortable.Small bank with long lines,sometimes you can See people waiting in line when you pull up. B of A should hire more tellers.I'm not ashamed to admit that every once in a while, I get a Bic Mac Attack and have to have some McDonald's.  Well, it happened last weekend while I was at the Galleria Mall to watch the B-Boy Battle Swagger competition.I ordered a Big Mac and one of the new Angus Beef Bacon Cheeseburgers.  To wash it down, I ordered a bottle of Water.....hey, I had to do something healthy to not feel so bad, right?The food came out on time, but they were out of bottled Water....so they gave me the one on display.....huh?! I thought it was hilarious.Anyway, I got my Big Mac fix and thought the Angus Bacon Cheeseburger was alright.Will I return?  Only during the next Big Mac Attack.Heading into the Galleria to shoe shop with the wife, she figured it would be beneficial to get me a snack before the doldrums of shoe shopping. Thought the dollar menu should be an inexpensive snack before we went home for a full dinner.It was an easy transaction to get a soda, burger and fries, they're order fulfillment time was about the highlight of the visit.Our food was ready, so we sat down and tore into the bag. The burger was your typical McD's burger, nothing special, tastes like a very cheap, almost beef patty. The fries however, looked and tasted like they had been dropped into the fryer a couple times. Finally, the soda... there was a slightly off taste to it, could be the mix, or the syrup was on its way out, either way, it wasn't the greatest tasting soda I have had.After eating, I went to get my drink refilled, as they normally give one refill per cup at this location. Not this time. Now, if you would like a refill, it is $0.54. I was really tempted to break out the credit card to pay for a refill, just out of spite. Laziness prevailed and I walked away. I can understand not having unlimited refills at a mall, where mallrats could abuse the refill policy. That is why it was perfectly understandable to have only one refill per cup.The location is beautiful and interior has a unique touch so it has a lot of promise to be a great daytime business lunch or a cozy dinner date. We were just at the Premium Outlets next door and Yelperazzi needs some drinks. There were three different waiters coming to our table at first and that's a lot of milling about when they don't coordinate with each other. One already talked to us about drinks, another took our order, another wanted to give us menus and take our order again. The ordering waiter was pushing hard for us to get appetizers when we were going to just try a drink and sit here deciding our next venue. We were just left alone after given drinks and complimentary chips until we were brought a check. I got the Mundo Martini - Elnino said mine tasted like mountain dew blue. I've never had that, but the blue curacao and pineapple definitely come through and it's a sweet drink. I liked mine, but it wasn't the most palette tantalizing drink out there.The Sassy Senority Margarita went to our sassy gal Lily. It has prickly pear in it and the juice was going bad which made the "feet" taste. We suggest they taste check their juices periodically. Elninos drink, the Paloma had grapefruit in it, but I barely tasted it since it seems they didn't put juice- just a fruit slice. It was strong alcohol if you drink from one part of the drink and then water on the other. Mixed up well since the flavors weren't together and then it was watered down vodka with a grapefruit in it. El Andys probably was the most "complex" in fragrance, but still was more sweet than anything. Still, the Spanish Kiss wasn't even a peck on the cheek. All our drinks were $8-$11 which is a theft for drinks that didn't impress.(Sorry and thanks El Andy). Shoulda went to Herbs&Rye for a cocktail!  So this isn't our spot for drinks it seems but I'll give them another try for Happy Hour appetizers and also I have a GC for dinner so I'll save the next review for the most important items- the food. For now, I think for the weirdly enthusiastic, pushy service turned cold to the subpar drinks the 2 I think is fair.1st of all - you need a map to find the place, and I knew it was in the World Market Center.  The access for locals is tough, the parking is even tougher, I had to circle three times just to find the way in.  Once in the place I hate to say I was disappointed, because typically I only review places I like, but this place just did not work for me.  I like Carnitas, and they were just not that good.  My wife had a tuna appetizer for her main course and she enjoyed it, but that did not make up for what seemed like a big price for a marginal meal......Store bought chips and salsa what a disgrace! My pork tenderloin missed the flavor and were dried out. My husband ordered the filet mignon chile relleno, and he had to ask Where's the beef ? I drank wine, ok selection menu, my husband ordered a margarita they said it was fresh squeezed, I guess they squeezed the bottle of Margarita mix, and they really push alien tequila, its not even Mexican!The food was very tasty but the service was horrible.... We had a large group.the wait time to order our food and how long they took to bring us the food was ridiculously long. Asked for a side to go with our main courses and it didn't come till after we were finished eating. The decor  and ambience was awesome. They had a lack of workers... Only one server and Bus person for all.Went here after reading reviews on this place and were very disappointed.  We had tickets to the Smith Center and this is right across the street so we thought we would get dinner group of four and then the show.  Our waiter didn't really want to be there.  He didn't explain anything, and when we asked how a dish was his response for every dish is "it's good" but sounded like "eh I don't care."  They brought our drinks in all different types of glasses, so your first mojito in a big glass and then a tiny glass for the second but still the same price.

4) People on the sidelines. It's Vegas, so it was missing some of the local flair of the other races, but people were going crazy on the sidelines throughout the strip. One of the wedding chapels in downtown Vegas even had their Elvis out front serenading us! LOVED it!

Sweet shrimp

If every business owner pumping coupons out worked like this guy does I'd give him a pass, but he is the only one I've ever encountered like this. Conclusion:  I am guessing that this place is just barely scraping by.  I will be curious to see if it's here by next year.  Why?  Cause nobody runs coupons and screws the customers so bad like this place does.I'll give this place 2 stars for the quality of the food which is really pretty good--albiet cold in the middle of the meat-- (I didn't say fantastic...but good).  However, not cool treatment of customers rates a 2 star, sorry!Meh. Won't go back. There are many other restaurants nearby around the same price point, much better tasting and with friendlier service.It's all been said in the other reviews so I won't reiterate the information about the owner/host etc....while the food wasn't bad, the whole experience was bizzare-o.I really wish I could give the LPC a better rating, but it would not be justified. This tiny and super cute restaurant is only about a mile away from me and because of such I have been here about 5 times. Although I could give the restaurant a 3 star, maybe even a 4 star rating on a good day, it is everything else that falls short. I have tried the sandwiches and vegetable variety plate and actually found them both to be flavorful and fresh tasting. However, the service is just...awful. And the most recent time, I would say the service fell short due to the owner and not the waitress. While the waitress seemed new, she was super friendly and attentive. Well, as attentive as she could be with the owner calling her to the back to....? Not sure....I am sure she was helping plate/cook/something, but that would leave the 6 tables or so of diners unattended. The time before we were waited on and served by the owner. He seemed nice enough but also had to keep tabs on the back of the restaurant and would be MIA for long periods of time. There is no way that anyone with an hour lunch break could eat here and realistically make it back to work on time. Finally, I have a hard time using the Groupon vouchers I have purchased here. The same day Groupon was not accepted because they already reached their limit for the day? Hmmm....Sadly, I will not be giving the LPC another try but I hope they listen to reviews on Yelp and get back on their game:)We came here with a Groupon and made a reservation during a weekday. When we came in, there were only 3 or 4 tables seated, yet we were told time and time again how busy they were. We were seated in the back room, closest to the kitchen that was warm and stuffy.. smelling slightly like a nursing home. That was the first put off. The owner is very brisk and there were a few moments during our meal when we felt uncomfortable. We could hear him yelling in the back and when we asked for our glasses to be refilled we got some stern looks. Sorry? Anyway. This place is OK. The food doesn't have great presentation. When I go out, I enjoy it tasting and looking like something I couldn't make at home. This was not the case. We had the bruschetta as an appetizer, $8. That was fine, if not a bit plain and underwhelming.I ended up getting the vegetarian dinner comprising of 4 sides: roasted beets, greek potatoes, orzo and sauteed spinach. The beets were not roasted, they were from a can. I know this because one of my slices had a can imprint... as in, it was the bottom piece. The best part of this was the greek potatoes. For $14, I would not return.My boyfriend asked to do the dinner option where you choose a lunch sandwich. He was quickly told that that was NOT an option -- that instead the menu means you can have a dinner entree for lunch. That makes no sense and is not how it's shown on the menu, under the dinner section that says *or choose a lunch option for $2 more.. but.. uh... okay? He ended up having the chicken with roasted beets (canned) and israeli couscous. Also $14. Overall, it was a very strange experience. He owner isn't too friendly and since we were here a month ago and were STILL hot, I couldn't imagine how it feels during the middle of the Summer. Thanks Groupon, I tried something new and it was a bust.We wanted to try Blue Wasabi since it's located near our home and I had heard about it from friends.  If you're a big fan of sushi, this is not the place for you.  The sushi was mediocre...while they cleverly name their sushi, they don't deliver the quality and prices were slightly higher than usual.  The atmosphere is very Scottsdale-esqe, and could be fun if you and your girlfriends were going out for drinks as their martinis were awesome.  They should nix the Sushi and simply be a martini bar.Sushi is decent but very spendy. I don't care for the loud music or bad lighting. We've been there approx. 4 different times, staff not so friendly. Of all the places to choose from in the E. Valley now, this would not be our first choice.We went in, a party of 4 on a Sunday... and they had a happy hour going on..  The hostess sat us at one booth.. only for me to see that it had food and sticky liquid all over it. So she tried to seat us elsewhere and same thing! I told her to bring me a rag and I'll clean it myself... and she actually let me! All the seats had food, crumbs, liquid all over them.And the martinis were ok but they didn't even chill the martini glass!! WTH?! And they call themselves a martini bar?! Oh well...on to the sushi.. We ordered some rolls which were just all way to small to justify the $12 price tag... I won't go into details of what I didn't enjoy about the sushi.. but for this kindda fusion sushi, I think places like RA do it better.So as we ate the rolls, the dynamite (eh..), salad.. baked shrimp app, martinis.. and waited for our check.. and waited and waited and waited.. we see the Manager just sitting around  the back of the restaurant and not checking tables (OR us) and completely ignoring the tables.. what on earth?! Why would you not check on a table that spends as much money as we just did??And it's def NOT a place for sushi/sashimi afficionados!Arg... feel like I wasted money :-(Went for happy hour which is from 4-6pm. You get 1/2 off everything with a "smiley" face next to it. I ordered the Berry White martini. It is a blueberry martini, very similar to the Deja Blue at Pearl, pretty good. It had some disgusting bumpy berry in the bottom of the glass...eeww.We ordered the Salmon nigri (1/2 off). The flavor was OK but it was really soft, aka mushy. Then we ordered the Eating Nemo roll. My dining partner and I took a bite and almost lost it. Something was wrong. We sent it back.The crowd was a weird mix of ridiculous cougars and families. Weird scene... We asked for our check and left to find some place better. Go to one of the other many sushi bars in the area.Well, their happy hour ends at 6:00 but it is a pretty good happy hour.  Half off some of their cocktails, wine and what not and half of some rolls and other apps.  What gets me is the wasabi is actually blue.  Yes, that's the name and all but do we really need to be so contrived as to actually load up the patrons with Blue No. 1 and 2 (maybe a touch of Green No. 3)?  That just grossed me out to no end.  The intensity of the color still disturbs me.  Their second strike is the name of their rolls.  Really, I want something presented to me as the "Dirty Sanchez" and the "Me Soy Horney"?  They all tasted fine but the names alone did them in.  We won't be back.  I had been to the location in North Scottsdale probably four years ago but it was after wine tasting and we were all wasted so maybe that's the key to a good meal here.  Complete obliteration.When you first walk into this place you notice that it is a pretty trendy place.  The setup is cool with quite a bit of people.  I was pretty excited to eat here since it seemed a little different than the normal sushi bar.  Too bad this was the really only good thing about this place.  The sushi was not good, but it wasn't bad. What I really didn't like about this place was their trademark, their blue wasabi.  IT HAD NO KICK TO IT.  I'll admit one of things I love about sushi is the wasabi, and this was horrible wasabi, I made a paste out of soy sauce and this blue crap and still there was no kick.  Plus once you dip your sushi into it, it looks like something you pull out of a port-o-potty.  In the end the final bill was like $32 for a California roll, another roll, and 2 peices of salmon sashimi . I will not be returning.  I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 because of the atmosphere.9/3

I asked her to show the manager too, and she said "No, the chef will know what to do", as if I wanted the thing steamed and served with a side of butter.Our meal came, and when I asked about the pea crab, neither the expediter nor the bus boy, knew about our situation. It was only after I asked the server about what the chef said that the situation was acknowledged at all.It was actually a full hour after finding the crab before the manager came over to drop off our check.She never apologized and never once said that they would make changes and actually look for crabs in their oysters. She approached the entire situation with as much care as a short order cook that put mayonnaise on a burger by mistake.

Service- The man working the counter was less then friendly and seemed almost bothered by us ordering. Food-The only compliment I can give the chicken is that it was juicy.  The oil the chicken was fried in was old and needed changed, as the chicken tasted like burnt oil.   The coating on the chicken was in serious need of seasoning.   After the first bite I was done. Overall it was not good fried chicken.  The okra was fried well but also in serious need of seasoning, mainly some salt.  The biscuits were dry and had no flakiness to them. They tasted like they had been frozen and then thawed out.Really, I wanted to love this place. That's why I tried for the second time.And after that second time experience, I really feel this place is overrated.

- Drinks are creative and tastyCONs

While trying to set up our 2 days worth of orders online the system would not allow me to confirm my purchases so I had to call the location to do so.  Brandon was EXTREMELY helpful and patient and easily set up our orders with no problem.  I felt confident upon hanging up with him that our order would arrive just as dictated. Capriotti's food was excellent! All of us enjoyed the subs, salads and cookies/brownies we received.  I was worried the food would not be enough but in the end we had more than enough for our 45 person event.  We could have actually ordered less food but the leftovers did not go to waste. Now the not so great :

Tackle the door to open (check)Took forever and a half to check-in.  I slept with my clothes on.  The only reason they didn't get 1 star from me is because they are dirt(y) cheap, good location for downtown activities, and free parking.But not cheap enough to attract me back.  I rather pay a few bucks extra and live the good life in Vegas.The hotel is perfect for hooker banging and/or drug deals.They are really trying, and it's an uphill climb to try to attract a better clientele to an area of town that awaits redevelopment. Once the East Fremont project takes hold, the El Cortez will have a chance--but for now, the nearly-dead gambling crowd and the ever-present fog of 50 years of stale cigarette smoke prevents me from staying long enough to even have a drink. The preservation of the hotel/casino exterior is worth seeing, as are the vintage photos on the walls inside. It's just not enough, yet.The place wreaks of cigarettes.  If you has asthma or breathing problems, avoid this place.  My friend and I just went inside to buy drinks.  We were at the main bar for the longest time ever because this guy in front of us was acting dumb.  FInally, he left and we made our way up.  Unfortunately, we had to wait longer because the waiter was busy or doing something unproductive.  His name was Thomas.  He seemed a bit slow.  He didn't even know how to pour our drinks right.  Vodka and redbull in a small cup cost us $12/cup and the cups were small.  There was barely even any vodka in the cup, it wasn't even a shot.  What a waste.  The guy sucked at pouring.  Who the hell hired this guy?  Fire him.  I can do a better job than him, seriously.  Major disappointment.We ended up walking around the place.  There was some karaoke going on.  Some of the people were good, others sucked.  Some of them looked like they needed more alcohol in them to let it out.  We couldn't even hear one of the singers because she was singing ever so softly.  There was some alcohol promotion going on too.  I forgot the name of the event, but it was alright.Our guy friends came in to gamble, and they lost.  Sucked to be them!Bogus - I used to like coming here until they decided that they would try and be upscale.  Now they are just out of the way and expensive.  El Cortez used to have that pleasurable layer of grime that you sometimes need when hitting the town.  Until I hear that the carpets have started to go a bit threadbare again, I shant return.Here's the deal - we are locals and like to support locally owned establishments. We starting going to the El Cortez a few years ago, on occasion. We have enjoyed the fact that they sometimes have live music. The Elvis impersonator is fantastic, but it's hard to know when he will be playing, as the schedule often changes. My husband likes blackjack and they still have some $5 tables. I like to play 3-Way Action video poker. They have 5 or 6 of these machines. I have won a few jackpots on these, so when hubby wants to play I am happy to go along, just to play these machines. Well, after last night I will NEVER go there again. About 6 weeks ago we visited and ALL of the 3-Way Action poker machines were "out of service." I asked a supervisor why and was told they were being held for some people on their way in from California. It was late afternoon. He did not know when they would arrive. I asked if he would unlock just one until they got there and I was emphatically told no. So, we left.  Last night we visited again. One was "out of service" and all the others were occupied by people who looked like they were there all day - plastic bags full of junk food. Chairs up against the machines while they wondered around. Dirty tissues and ashes everywhere. Again, I asked a casino supervisor if I could play one of the machines. He told me they were "reserved" for the people there and that when they went to eat they were put "out of service" until their return. He said his "boss" told him that he could not disturb these people and no one else could play there. They were playing very low stakes. I don't get it. And, they won't get any of my money again.Don't waste your time at this place. Rude. Stupid.You know, for the price, this isn't a dump.  If you're looking for something cheap and acceptable, this is it.  However, what I really didn't like was the deception.  That's why I'm dinging them down to two stars.I booked this through expedia, and the Website clearly stated that there were no resort fees, just $45 total for two weeknights.  Okay, no resort fees.  So on check-in, I asked what the final rate would be."We can't tell you, because you booked this through expedia," she said.  "They don't give us any numbers."Okay, all right.Then upon checkout, they charge a $20.22 resort fee for two nights.  WTF?!  That brought the total for two nights up to $65.  Okay, so that's still a good rate.  But why deceive us?This is an old hotel, and it shows.  It didn't disgust me.  The room was clean.  There were some small problems.  I had a problem with the shower when it suddenly went cold on me.  And for some reason, they don't put blankets on the beds, only sheets, and it took me a couple hours to figure out how to turn down the A/C.  Small things.But hey, they had free wifi and all the cable I could consume.  I felt safe in the parking lot because they have some pretty strict guards making sure that everybody who comes into the lot has a room key.  So I used the El Cortez as home base to do business away from downtown.When I did stay downtown, it was fine.  At 2 am, I saw a couple hookers, and even one walking into the hotel, but during the day, it was nice to take a stroll down the Fremont Experience, which is just a block away.Stayed at the El Cortez from 3/19-3/23 for March Madness.  This will unfortunately most likely be the last of 4 consecutive years spent at this location with all of my out of town friends.  The price is certainly right, $330 for 4 nights...it has steadily increased each year without much additional service.  I stayed in the "Pavilion Rooms" this year.  They are located directly above the garage and have direct access to an outdoor walkway.  This meant a lot of blaring music from Fremont each night until 1-2am.  The room also smelt of marijuana all day every day.  The main reason that the stay was disappointing was the March Madness "Fiesta Room" viewing party the hotel held.  I had specifically reached out to the El Cortez via Facebook prior to booking the stay to ensure they would be having their AMAZING $1 beers and dogs at the party.  They assured me that they would so I went ahead and booked the room.  We found out that this was not the case upon checking in, they had tripled the beer cost and doubled the dog cost.  Still not breaking the bank at $3/$2 but it was more about the incorrect information.  Luckily we were able to return to a previous favorite spot, Benny's Bullpen in Binions ($2.50 20 ounce Miller Lites) to spend our time and money.Things have changed since I was last here. They now charge a $9 resort fee... some resort, wtf. FreeWifi but it is weak... I get better WiFi using my Freedom pop hotspot. The included WiFi was the sole reason I chose El Cortez. No poker room. Vintage rooms are above the casino and stairs only, no elevator. The room itself is okay,  but it is located on the edge of Fremont Street.We booked a room in El Cortez, just for one night and I am glad we didn't make a reservation for more than a day. It is a run down casino with old furniture inside the rooms. The hotel's location is very creepy; it is located in downtown Las Vegas. Wouldn't dare to walk by myself on those streets. Don't recommend at all.I had a non smoking floor yet we can smell the smoke in our room. Our clothes smell like it our hair. Shower was dirty. They didn't turn our phone on so I had to use my cell phone to call the front desk. I will not stay there again. I do like that it was across the street from a Thai place and a nice bar/lounge.It is really ridiculous for the hotel management team to ask for people to wear wrist band to enter an elevator to go to guest rooms:( really crazy. And you will need your room key touch the elevator sensor to choose which floor you want to go to. The car park is so poor as well - fist 2 floors are for their VIPs only. And no free points for new membership at their casino.My wife and I visited Las Vegas over Memorial Day weekend. We wanted to stay at the El Cortez, but when we were making reservations we saw that they started charging a Resort Fee/Amenity Fee. This was a deal breaker for us. As much gambling as we do, we do not believe in resort fees. We go to Vegas strictly for gambling and we used to stay here and never leave. This time we stayed at the Four Queens because they do not believe in this "resort fee" garbage. We did visit the El Cortez one day for about an hour to gamble. The staff were friendly as always and the games were good. However, we did most of our playing at our own hotel because of the convenience. If the El Cortez ever stops charging resort/amanity fees, we will definitely visit again. If not, then we probably won't.Old dusty shithole that charged me $8 for a Stella. Nothing here worth a second look. Pass on this place.Very old place and you can't even get a drink at a decent price, we paid $8 a Stella Artois...On Tap! BS! Don't bother going.The room: I stayed in a tower room, which was very spacious with dated decor. The room was clean, and I didn't have any "surprises" in the room at all. The mattresses are not the most comfortable and the pillows were flat in the middle because they are long pillows, and people often fold those in half to double them up. I liked the fact that there were complimentary water bottles in the room, and the mini fridge was convenient. Overall, the hotel experience was good.The reason I am giving the hotel a mediocre review is because of their business practices on the weekend of the Life Is Beautiful festival. When I checked in, there was a little sign sitting on the front desk, saying that any additional guests would cost $25 per room per night and would need to wear a wristband (as if we didn't have enough of those to wear) in order to have access to the room and elevators. Many hotel guests were unhappy about this, and we all pretty much agree we'd rather stay at the other hotels on Fremont next year and not pay the stupid fee. Then I did a little digging and have found other reviews that say that this practice actually happens quite often--whenever there is a holiday weekend for instance.

If it were based on service and cleanliness alone, I'd be back for sure. However the food was bland. I had the beef lo mein, my usual choice. Bland, bland, bland. So I took a few bites off my husband's "spicy" orange chicken.. It wasn't spicy at all. Again bland, boring, and we probably could have had more flavor from panda.

deposits matched elsewhere we surely would of went elsewhere based soley

I live in CenPho. CityScape is something I'd been anticipating and happy to have Downtown. It's about time we get a real comedy club here! I'd rather spend my money locally than drive to Tempe.

As far as the food, they were out of three dishes and had no specials. I ended up ordering Sophies chopped salad which should be on the kids menu, it was mostly cheese cubes, tortilla chips and garbanzo beans. For dinner I ordered a coffee rubbed filet, which was so spicy, I went through a tube of tums while out after dinner. The shrimp in the tamale appetizer was good.

We came in and were seated right away, our waitress  (Linda, I believe) was sweet & totally on top of making sure we were alright, food was good, not the worst Denny's I've been to. Everything was cool up until the end of our meal.

the oldest on the Strip. Unlike the Stardust however this place shows

http://imagizer.imageshack.us/v2/800x600q90/843/47cv.jpg

Anyhow, I'll describe the scene that was our experience. To begin, my friend ordered a beer that was promptly delivered to the table and majestically poured into a tall glass--from a can. I've never seen so much drama for a can of beer. Next out comes some shrimp dumplings with a fancy name; $11 for five small pieces that easily fit in the palm of your hand. There were four of us; we each had one with an extra remaining. We literally fought not to eat the last piece. That dumpling stayed on the table until right before we left. My wife salvaged the shrimp by scooping it out and leaving the dough. I suppose doing that may have made it slightly more palatable. Next, I ate the chicken sausage pizza. Perhaps it was all natural, but it tasted worse than digiorno's pizza. My friend had the bison burger. Honestly, the bison burger was good enough not to warrant a complaint. My friend's wife had the mushroom pizza. Again, see previous comment on the pizza. The grand finale was my wife's shirataki noodles. This was the coup de grace that prompted my review. It was atrocious. From the presentation to the texture and taste; it was beyond disappointing. Let me describe how bad it was: my wife is Korean and constantly yearns for Asian cuisine. She will often turn down fine gourmet western cooking for a bowl of instant ramen. Well, in the case of these noodles, not only did she decline to finish them, but she whispered in my ear, "Honey, next time let's just go to In and Out."To be fair, I have no complaints about the service or staff.In conclusion, True Food Kitchen serves as an example of why I have really cut back on eating out. We were eager to get home and have a salad and bbq pork.After tax and tip, the above experience was close to $100. Yes hon, next time, let's just go to In and Out.Have gone here many times, and quality SEEMS OK. Expensive for what you get, and the "grass fed beef" one night I was there was not beef at all. I know as a fact that it had moose meat in it. I will not go into how I know, other than to say it was tested by a third party using specialized test equipment.  I don't know if their supplier did this to them or what, but they need to be a bit more on top of things esp. since many food-conscious people, some extremely so, go here.We went to this restaurant because our friend wanted to meet here.  We originally planned to have dinner around 5:30pm, so that we could preserve our daughters bedtime.  When we put our name down for a table of 5, we were told it would be a 1.5 hour wait.  YIKES!  We still put our name down and crossed our fingers that our little one would not have the ultimate meltdown.  In the meantime we enjoyed the sunshine and letting our daughter run through the fountain, where all the kids were playing.  She loved the fountain!We finally got the buzz that our table was ready and rushed over to get our dinner started.  As we entered the restaurant we got many eye rolls at the site of our young daughter.  Even our waitress was rolling her eyes, which was pretty insulting.The Hummus and veggie starter was ok.  It literally looked like veggies pulled straight out of the ground and plopped on the plate, dirt and all.  I got the Seafood Caldo for dinner.  It was good.  Nothing special or overly delicious.  Tasted like a flavorless cioppino.  I took a few bites and then went back to tending to our daughter as the eye rolls were at an all time high due to the fact that she was over tired and fussy.My husband got the Red Chili Shrimp.  The noodles were overcooked and sticky.  The flavor was pretty boring also.  He did ask for extra shrimp and they gave him a LOT extra!I think the best part of my meal was the glass of wine, that I ordered when we first sat down but finally arrived after the apps and dinner.  It was essentially my meal because I was chasing my daughter around the restaurant so she would not make a huge scene.For a restaurant to be located so close to a fountain, kid's store and an sitting within an outdoor mall, you would assume the restaurant would be somewhat tolerable of children.  They absolutely do not want kids there and make little to no effort to make you feel welcome as a parent.  I don't think we would go back.  I was really excited because I had heard such great things.  I am not impressed.Noisy, small portions, not great.This is a location specific review.I've attempted to come to this location a couple occasions.  I live closer to the Biltmore location and love it.  The atmosphere and food is great.  So, I was happy that there is a location near my in laws (it's always exciting to be able to eat healthy and enjoy their company).  We went for father's day, it wasn't all that impressive and the service was pretty lackluster, but my meal was good.I went again with my MIL a few weeks ago for a late lunch.  The place was swarming and our electronic notifier never went off.  We waited for about half an hour before I went in and asked if we were ever going to be seated.  And then I got attitude.  And the service was SO SLOW.  It wasn't particularly happy, friendly, or polite.  There is a vibe at this location and I don't like it.I'll keep my Biltmore location thank you very much.  And will not be going back to this TFK again.  It's a waste of time and money.True Food was very disappointing for lunch today.  I ordered the Mediterranean salad with salmon- fish was almost rancid and the salad was missing at least two of the listed ingredients.m Staff was nice about it, but obviously something (or someone) was wrong in the kitchen. I have eaten here many times but will probably not return ( at least for a while).Healthy food, cooked and prepared well.  Rude bartending staff and less than jovial atmosphere.  Definitely catering to the pretentious crowd.  If that is your gig this will be a five star for you.  If you want super healthy food and can tolerate that crap it will be a 3 or 4.  If you just don't have time for it.. well you get this review. :)Food was good and the ambiance was nice. They were able to accommodate our large group of almost 12 pregnant/new mom plus babies group.Only thing I had a big issue with was the price for the quantity. I ordered a bowl of the soup of the day and it look more like a cup in most other restaurants. I would have been okay with it if I didn't have to pay $9 for it. I also paid $5 for the kale juice and it was almost all ice and no juice in the cup. I felt a little cheated as I could have just made a batch of both the soup and kale juice at home :( I don't know what the other ladies paid for their portions and everyone got something very different.So I left feeling hungry and kinda bummed... Oh well. Hanging out with my other hot mamas made up for it. However, I don't know if I will be returning too soon. Nice spot to go shopping after!It's ok. But i can eat like this at home...or no, i can eat better at home and i won't be out 100$, feel like a cool people fad with the obvious healthy edge. Overpriced as hell and overrated. We had been before and had the same feeling, but wanted to give it another go before officially crossing it off the list, since you can hardly make an informed opinion off of 4 food items. Well now we have had 8, and it's consistently underwhelming and overpriced.says they are open at 9am on Sunday well we just got here and they aren't opening until 10 soooooo .... um weirdSo, always been a fan of this place until I started eating there regularly since I work in the area. So now I can poke holes through this place...kind of like when you stay at a friend's house a while, you start finding out things that you didn't suspect.Some dishes I will never grow tired of: the caramelized onion tart, kale salad, curry, and the big bowl of raw veggies with the two dips. All outstanding.

5) Is the worst cashier i have ever dealt with at any outdoor specialty store.

* There really needs to be dedicated express buses to downtown from the Wynn. There is no need to make 13 other stops when everyone one is going to the same place.* Also, I understand there probably is a taxi union as strong as the Hoover Dam, but figure out some kind of bus / metro system to/from McCarran. These taxis continue to rob tourists.Two stars for being very handy back when it wasn't yet popular and could handle the capacity. The el cheapo trips from Center Strip up to Fremont and back for just a few bucks were great back then. My last three trips to Vegas, however, had me walking more than riding as I hoofed it toward my destination and watched packed bus after packed bus roll by stations teeming with waiting passengers. Neat idea, but there just needs to be more buses. In the meantime, I'll take advantage of the additional exercise or reluctantly go back to cabs.Every 12-15 minutes isn't that bad (and in between is also the LV Express which stops at every 3 casinos, instead of every). Tourists have to pay either a $6 two hour pass or a $8 all day pass either on the machine (one takes cash and the other can get credit cards usually at most stops). If you're local, you can show your ID on the strip routes and get the local/residential route prices (which is $2 single, $3 2hour, $5 all day pass). The machines do not give you this option - pay on the bus and show the driver! If you're not a local and happen to be by Fashion Show, go to the bus stop on the side of Neiman Marcus/Macys on Spring Mtn. and use the machine there to get the locals prices.  Since that Spring Mtn stop serves "residential" routes, it serves up the locals tickets prices on the machine, no ID required... just a little insider tip. Not worth probably going out the way for from across the strip, but hey, at least you know if you're right there. The pass can be used for any RTC route and you can catch the Deuce and Express on the LV Blvd side of Fashion Show, just steps away. As a local sometimes I use the Deuce. but damn this bus sucks. It's slow rolling, people stall at the door for various reasons and it's so crowded. Far more people have been utilizing it to cheapen up on travel, sometimes buses are too full to even let anyone in and you have to wait for the next one. It's OK for what I need it to do, but it is the most unpleasant bus we have. I was stuck on one that was crowded and it was so HOT in there. It was unpleasant enough that stepping out of the bus to 90* weatheractually felt nice. I suggest at least having a fold up fan with you in the hot months and cold water. I try to go on the Express when possible over the Deuce. Less time stuck, even though it can be as crowded.$ 6 for a 2 hour ticket is far too much. They know how they get the money from Las Vegas tourists.You also have to calculate time for this bus ride because sometimes you walk faster than this bus.Ridiculously expensive, $6 for two hours?  Maybe it's because I'm young but I choose to walk the small stretch of the Las Vegas strip.It's way too slow, most of the time I can walk faster.  RTC in the rest of the city, however, runs much faster and much cheaper as well.Bargain...yes...but leaving can get hectic if you are going back to the strip....security held the line that stretched back into the strip mall and allowed 2 buses to leave 1/3 full..stating time constraints...but didnt start loading the bus until 2mins before they left??? Hmmm...of you are on s time constraint...wouldnt you want to load the bus instead of letting them sit empty for 8 mins and then load for 1.5mins...??? Ppl were getting disgruntled at this method of madness...beware and ready to waitYes. The bus was clean. Yes. It got me from point A to point B, and then back to point A. Yes. It was cheap. But it also took FOREVER. I realize this isn't exactly the fault of the bus, but it just was not a great way to commute. I much prefer the monorail, as you can get from one end of the strip to the other FAR faster. Next time I am skipping the bus entirely and just getting a monorail pass.The bus is nice but the drivers have really really REALLY  bad attitudes making it unpleasant to ride. But the busses seem safe and pick up often.Service without a smile. That is the summary. It was felt by the entire group that had lunch at Table 34 today that the waitress felt she was getting an automatic tip so she did not have to do much. Service was very slow even with  most of the tables empty.The food was ok but nothing to write home about or even to take home.Have you ever been set up on a bad blind date? One where your friend swears that the other person is attractive and that you'll have a ton in common, only to find out that said date is slightly overweight, balding and into LARPing? That's how I feel about Table 34. Very few dining experiences have elicited such a negative response in my book.Probably the most offensive thing about this restaurant is the uninspired menu and ridiculous prices for the food on it. I was told that this would be strip-quality meals, only half the price. Granted, many of the food on the strip is expensive, but the Table 34 prices aren't much different. $25 for meatloaf? $30 for trout? I don't pay that much for dinner in the Bay Area, that's for sure.To top it off, the food isn't very good. Not sure why I ordered it, but the shrimp pasta I ordered tasted like something you'd get in a cafeteria, just some limp angel hair pasta with shrimp and heavy red sauce. Seriously, a home economics class could have made something just like it. My Mom's sole was slightly better and my brother really enjoyed his ribs, so not all was lost.The two stars are for the service. Our waiter was extremely nice, especially when our entrees didn't come out at the same time. There was a small snafu in the kitchen and he didn't want the food that was ready to go cold. Very thoughtful and honest.Bottom line: there are better, more affordable places to eat in Vegas. Table 34 is an overpriced Applebee's with less flair.We tried the fish and chips.  The fish was very heavily breaded and soaked in grease from the fryer - gave me a stomache ache :(We planned on drinks at the bar prior to dinner, however it was so small and already full that we weren't able to. Dinner was okay, nothing to rave about. The so called specials were more expensive than the entrees listed on the menu. The wine list was disappointing. The restaurant had a cafeteria feel to it, I expected it to be more contemporary and elegant. This is definitely the hang out place for the older crowd...I'm 29 and felt out of place dining here.Went in for happy hour on a Thursday night @ 5:30. Nice atmosphere, much older crowd (6 people in the whole place, all over 50) music was all wrong, walked in & bar tender, was eating tater tots with a patron. What an impression! Artichoke with moxed greens was fantastic! Pizza don't bother, cheese plate so-so & sweet potato tots (hard to mess up, but mustard dipping sauce no good. The lemon aioli that was served with the artichoke should also be with the tots. Kinda bummed, I really wanted to like he place!We came here for lunch based on reviews. First of all, this place is not nearly as good as I thought it was going to be. Second, it's loud, too loud for us. I tried the Tuna Melt and it was as basic and plain as any I've had anywhere. My friend tried the Pastrami and had two bites and did not finish. Another friend had the Shrimp Salad and it was overly spicy and she could not finish.Won't be back and would not recommend.Disappointing. Took my wife here for our anniversary based on a recommendation from a co-worker. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable but the atmosphere leaves much to be desired. Very loud and way too casual.The menu is an odd assortment that includes bar food and pizza. My wife enjoyed the scallops but my shrimp pasta had no flavor and only a little dollop of crushed tomatoes. Over priced and overrated.I've been wanting to try this place for a while since all of the pictures looked pretty good and the ratings seemed pretty high so I finally got to try them about a week and a half ago and they were just eh for food and for service.

Was fantastic.  The Thai Fresh rolls were excellent. The basil chicken was good. The Pad Thai was very different and in my opinion Below average. The reason for the low review is the service was just bad. The food came out separately over about 20 minutes. We had a group of 7 and the rice came out for one person and then about 20 minutes later the last of the pad Thai came out. Our server took out order and then never came back.  No refills.  In addition to that the pad Thai orders were messed up. The spicy levels and different meats were all mixed up. The decor of the restaurant left a lot to be desired. The tables were duct taped together and the atmosphere was a bit dingy. The restrooms were clean.The food was good, but the service was less than expected.  I asked a question to the waitress, and I guess she didn't know English.  Then my food came out 7 minutes before my boyfriends. No one said anything, like "oh it'll be a minute" or "sorry it's taking so long."  And then as soon as he got his food they put the check on the table and kept trying to take my food.  I said "no" twice, and they kept trying to take it.Like I said, the food was good, but there seems to be communication issues service wise.I read the reviews and I was really excited to try something other than Mortons or Ruth's Chris. Pittsburgh deserves good food. I ordered the sweetbreads but they had been prepared like cheap chicken wings with kraft blue cheese dressing. Not the best way to start an evening. The wine  what should have been a nice wine a Italian wine at 9 dollars was old and flavorless. On the other hand the monkfish and spare ribs was nice and tasty. I ordered a coffee to finish the nite and a diner would have better. It was not a strong tasty version but a watery and flavorless cup of Joe. It did not leave me with a great view of the place. Missed on the starter, wine and coffee.My biggest problem with my recent experience at Nine on Nine was the service.  The host staff was very friendly and accomodating (we didn't have a reservation on a Friday night) but it took no fewer than fifteen minutes to get water and another ten to get a glass of wine.  The food was . . . interesting.  I chose sweetbreads for my first course.  The dish was served with "celery air" (I can't make this up), blue cheese, and tomato confit.  Once I tasted it, I appreciated what the chef was doing - deconstructed buffalo wings.  But the thing was, it tasted *exactly* like buffalo wings.  Perhaps I'm missing the point of deconstructed food, but if I wanted wings, I would have gone to a place where I can get 25 of them for five bucks.  For my second course, I had a wild boar bolognese, which was truly excellent, and I highly recommend it.Disillusioned.The food while good, but tried to do too much with the palate.  I had the Monte Cristo and while I applaud the use of brioche to make a turkey sandwich...I really wish they wouldn't have drizzled the syrup all over it.  At that point either make it an open-faced item or keep the drizzle so it can be eating without sticky fingers.The ambiance was pretty nice, I did enjoy the decor.  The service was a little overflowing in the repressed attitude department.  We all have bad days or rough patches...but seriously...when your body language clearly establish we're not worth your time it REALLY detracts from the eating experience.  In general, I find it really uneasy when the waiter (or waitress) roll their eyes if the entire party chooses to drink water ... newsflash it's just being healthy and not necessarily cheap...so don't act like "there goes your tip."I probably wouldn't go back unless it was with a group of friends that were fans of the place.  If I did go back, it would give me a chance to taste something different, but I would rather spend my money elsewhere.Maybe it'll be better next time.It appears to be an okay restaurant, but nothing special and seemingly not worth the price.  I sat at the bar for my first visit and thankfully Nine On Nine has a good happy hour with half price food from the bar menu as well as discounted wine and drinks.  The wine list is pretty good and lots of choices by the glass so that's a positive.  The cocktails didn't look very exciting so I didn't try any cocktails.As for food, thankfully I went for half price happy hour dishes because neither the mussels nor the risotto I ordered was would have been worth the full prices of $16 and $14, respectively.  Don't get me wrong, there were a huge number of mussels in the bowl, but they were overcooked and a bit stringy, some hadn't been cleaned properly and were grainy, and the sauce (which is one of my favorite parts of a good mussel dish) didn't add much flavor other than when it soaked into one of the 6 or 7 tiny little crouton-sized pieces of bread that were sprinkled on top of the dish.  The mushroom risotto was fine but nothing special - slightly too al dente and missing salt or something so it just didn't have much flavor.  At $8 and $7 per plate I've had a lot worse, but these dishes definitely weren't worth their full menu prices.  Oh, and the ceviche of the day - which I did not get - was tilapia.  I've rarely ever seen that before - nothing like a cheap, typically muddy tasting fish for a good ceviche...I may go back and order off the full menu because I can't argue with some nicely chosen wines by the glass for $6 during happy hour - and a lot of people seem to like the food here - but the next visit will confirm whether it's worth ever going back after that.  The prices aren't cheap so my expectations are high and food on my first visit didn't come close to meeting them.For the price... this place is just not worth it.  First, our flowers had dirty vases with dirty water.  Our server took forever to come over to us.  Plus our server had somewhat of an attitude and our food took forever.   Nonetheless, for the most part the food was OK to good. The bread was quite tasty.  The spring salad was a bit of a disappointment, as it was rather simple.  However, the seared foie gras was absolutely delicious.  As for the lobster mac 'n cheese... it was very good, but not the best I've ever had.  And at last, the  scallops were just OK, nothing special at all.  Sadly there was just nothing here that I would ever want to come back for.Last Friday I felt like the ultimate party crasher yet, judging by the sandwich board signage, I thought I was invited. My boyfriend and I were excited to celebrate Friday  happy hour and, instead of the usual spot, I convinced him to go to Bar Nine at Nine on Nine. Why try and convince him? Because the last two experiences within the year were not so good.Let me start by saying it is definitely NOT the food. After we literally had to send a "Bat" signal to get the attention of the unmotivated bartenders and snarky host, we had the opportunity to order from the bar menu. The truffle fries didn't last long...so good ...and I love  the presentation in wax paper cone. The Kobe Beef sliders were delicious, flavorful, meaty. And, last but not least, the Lobster Mac'n Cheese. It was the perfect amount of cheese, lobster, and seasonings.Also, the wine list and happy hour specials are a VERY good deal. (SUGGESTION: Combine with tapas or other bar menu specials to compete with the other restaurants Downtown.)So why can't the staff be nicer! We came in with smiles. Even "God Blessed" the bartender who had the sniffles! What is with the ATTITUDE! THREE TIMES WITHIN THE YEAR. Here's an idea. Try smiling. Smiling and eye contact can boost a 20% tip to 30% or even 50%! Especially when there are only 8 customers and you have the time to give face. And, offering water to everyone else, including the very rude, loud gentleman on his cell phone sitting next to us was a bit of an insult -- not to mention your attempts to make conversation with him to see if he was comfortable and needed anything (I guess he was a loyal since you were on a first name basis). Wow. We must have a new superpower of invisibility only known to the NON staff.I really tried to shake this off and move on but, sorry, you not only ruined our Friday night, you insulted the many great restaurant staff within the Pittsburgh area that we would have graciously given our money to, who always deserve it. Training staff to take ownership of their brands and appreciate guests who can be potential loyals is so important. I see it  at its best with young restaurant hosts, servers, bartenders, etc. in Portland, Oregon. And, newsflash, it's a revenue and traffic builder.So...with that in mind. I will miss the 5 or 6 course Valentine's Day dinner we had in February 2012 and the happy hour menu (damn it, I love those sliders!) But, I guess it's good news that they will no longer be bothered with our patronage.While Nine On Nine seems to offer a wonderful dining experience to many, I can't say I had a great time during my meal here. From the moment we walked in the door I knew I wasn't going to have a great dinner.The fact that it took an incredibly long time for the staff to come and seat us should have been a hint that this was not the dining establishment for me. When they did finally seat us, we were put at an uncomfortable high table in a dark, creepy, melancholic corner in the back of the bar area. It was either sit there, or sit at the table right by the door, where we'd shiver every single time someone opened the door. After waiting even longer for the staff to bring us a menu, we gave up and went to pick one up from the front ourselves, and then proceeded to squint and try to read said menu in our dark and poorly lit corner. Unfortunately their one-page dinner menu did not impress me at all; I spent more time mulling over the ten page booklet that was their wine menu. I've said before, I'm a girl who likes real choice on her menu. This was the exact opposite of that.I also really wasn't too excited to try much on this menu. The items on it just didn't really match my palette. When I tried one of these main dishes, which my guest ordered and offered to share, I was proven correct in my fears. The lobster mac and cheese just...tasted...off. I still can't put my finger on why, either. It wasn't outright bad, but one bite later I knew I wouldn't ever be ordering the dish for myself.I eventually ordered the kobe beef sliders and noticed when the sliders came out that they were on mini poppy seed buns, which the menu didn't mention (I don't particularly love poppy seed anything). The menu also didn't bother telling us what exactly Nine On Nine put on the sliders other than ketchup and meat. I honestly still don't know what I ate. It was an ok combo, but not at all what I expected, and just a little offputting.While any one of these things isn't a dealbreaker, together they led to a very unimpressive dining experience. Honestly I really have no intention of coming here again, seeing as my night at Nine On Nine can be summed up in one word: disappointing.This place needs a complete makeover.  It has an old feel to it.  It could be really cool, but just doesn't cut it in 2014.Most of these reviews are correct when it comes to service. Our party was actually seated right on time. It was getting someone to actually come to the table which was the first problem. It took over 10 minutes for someone to come and even give us the specials and they didn't even offer to take our drink order. By the time we did order it was 20 minutes into our visit and since we were going to the theatre we were on a time constraint. (We allowed for almost 2 hours.) so the server took our orders and then had to be reminded that we wanted drinks. Service was sub par. Now for the food. Way to pricey for what was served. I will say that my pear salad and my friends carpaccio was fantastic but that's where it ended. Our other salads were heavily dressed. The scallop dish was undercooked and unappealing. The risotto was nothing to write home about and the lobster Mac and cheese was the best of this group. Perfectly cooked, huge portions of meat but the noodles had so much sauce and it was so heavy that I could only eat about half of the portion. Overall I'd say try another restaurant in town. There are plenty to choose from.Mediocre and Disappointing. (Pittsburgh restaurant scene way too competitive for this sort of thing).Saturday evening dinner with friends, a party of 4.NoN has a formal atmosphere and an impressive looking menu, but it failed to deliver in both service and in preparation and flavor.  We had spotty service, with attention, followed by long gaps of inattention.  I won't go into detail, but it took too long for each part of our order to be taken, too long with empty glasses on the table, too long to deliver bread (like 45 min after arriving), drinks delivered and dirty plates not removed (from a small table).  If you're going to be this formal, even bordering on stuffy, then you're going to have to hold up tour end of the bargain.  NoN did not.Appetizer of octopus salad:   Large oblong plate, with salad on one half, and a streak of sauce on the other half.  Sauce was weakly flavored, and the octopus grilled to dryness.  Unremarkable. The other salad was a Beet salad. Again fussy looking, but nobody commented that it was actually good tasting.Then the mains. Pork Osso Bucco described as "maple root vegetables, porter reduction, blackberry, corn shoots" The pork was tender, but over salted, without any other contrasting notes.  The root vegetables were roasted, and served with the now ubiquitous roasted kale (or was it brussels greens, I couldn't tell).  No contrasting flavors, no maple, blackberry, etc.  just umami roasted veg.Now the truly telling dish.  The "Daily Vegetarian Offering."  A plate with rice and chick-pea mini "burger patties" that were flavorless and dried out, with just a sprinkling of greens and small potatoes for garnish.  Another nondescript sauce.  The waiter said it was "really good."  It was not.  This is always such a disappointment.  If you can't cook vegetables, just say so.  If it's too hard to not fall back on something with "short rib" in the name, then just fess up.  We understand.  Not like there aren't entire cuisines that are almost entirely vegetarian with absolutely mind-blowing flavor combinations and inventiveness.  We'll just order another salad for the main, and save it for a trip to any of a dozen local Thai, Indian or Vietnamese restaurants that know how great a veg dish can be.  Or, while we're at it, any one of a dozen or so new entrants to the local scene that really care about the food their serving, even the "vegetables".Friends don't let friends take out-of-towners to NoN.  Pittsburgh does so much better elsewhere.I used to love it here.  I don't know when they decided to downgrade their service, and quality, but it showssss.   This place has become the high priced, low quality dinner theater restaurant, in my eyes.  Don't get me wrong, I love their happy hour.  Half priced selected appetizers are now the only reason why I would stop here to eat.  My hubby and I came for dinner, and basically flushed $200 down the drain.  Everything was bland, and if it wasn't bland it was overly salty.  The wine list made us laugh because they had a $42 bottle of Pinot and then it jumped to $700 bottle of Pinot.  Nothing in between.  It was just bad.  Do yourself a favor and hit up their happy hour for the truffled mac and cheese.  It is the same portion, as if you would order it for a sit down dinner, and the slashed price feels better going down.We were seated in the most comfortable chairs in the restaurant, so we thought we were off to a good start.   We advised our server that we had show tickets and needed to leave by 7, which he agreed would not be a problem with us arriving at 6.  The menu is very limited and truly for people who are more adventurous eaters.  I advised the server that my mother needed a gluten free meal and he stated that since all meals were made to order, each item on the menu could be made gluten free.   We both ordered the pork chop.  Mine was to be medium, and hers was to be medium well and gluten-free.   After waiting 35 minutes, our meal finally arrived, but not served by our waiter who we hadn't seen in the last 30 minutes, but by someone else.   As he started to put the plate in front of me, the server finally came over and then asked which one was which.  The person carrying the food had no idea.   The server said he could tell by looking at them.   After we started eating, and got further into the meal, it was obvious by the meat temperature that he had switched our orders.   Not sure how much gluten was in the meal, but my mother had eaten some.  They had also only given us butter knives to cut the chop and since again, no sign of our server, we muddled through it.I had handed the server my credit card when he brought our food as we only had 20 minutes to eat our meal.  Truly disappointing.The food was nice and hot, somewhat tasty, although more BBQ sauce was certainly needed.   Service was almost non-existent.You should only come here if you have plenty of time to enjoy a long, leisurely mealCame here for happy hour on a Friday after work. Got a seat at the bar and ordered the happy hour special - a $3 domestic beer. The bartender essentially scoffed at my husband and I and told us to expand our horizons and order a seasonal beer ($17 for Southern Tier Pumking). Why offer a happy hour special of it comes with a heavy side of judgment? I know this place is considered upscale, but I could do without the pretentiousness.The food tasted good. We started with the mushroom risotto and added the truffle shavings. I highly recommend it. It actually overshadowed the main course.The atmosphere was very classy and is fitting for a fancy dinner.  However the service was lacking. About 30 minutes after we received the appetizer the server came over and asked me what the entree I ordered was. We waited about another 15 minutes for our food. My steak was cooked properly but my wife's salmen was over cooked and dry. Judging by the temperature of her plate it must have been sitting under the heat lamps for a long time. For the price they charge for food they shouldn't have served it like that. She should have sent it back but didn't since it already took 45 minutes and she wanted to eat with me. If she had sent it back I would have been finished by the time the re cooked her order. It's a good thing she decided that because the server didn't check on us until we were finished eating.The desert met our expectation and we were pleased with it.Overall I think it is too pricy for the portions and the lack of proper service. We might have gone back despite of the service since the food did taste very good. With the kitchen sacrificing food quality and integrity for saving on their food cost, we will not be back.Went there tonight.   Food was good.   Portions very small.  Gazpacho was the best part of the meal.  Duck was fatty.   Waiter was non attentive after the main course was served.  We ordered desserts.    They apparently ran out of the chocolate bomb.  Not happy.   Who runs out of desserts?The food was decent. The scallops were slimy which was terribly unappetizing. I enjoy knowing what's on the menus but our wagon took it five steps too far. We actually were graced with a history lesson on each item (sides included) I actually had to stop him and tell him we were already set to order. It was an emotional rollercoaster for him after that. I have never felt so uncomfortable by the wait staff in my life. I realize that all of this makes me sound pretentious but truly the food didn't make up for the bothersome and intrusive service. I hope that they find the balance because I was really rooting for this east abolishment and the location is perfect. Cheers to being hopeful!I made reservations at Nine on Nine for 4 of us a few weeks ago for this past Saturday.  I received a phone call the day before confirming our reservation and asking about any allergies or if we had to be out by a certain time.  Our reservations were at 5pm with the need to leave by 6:30 due to going to a 7p show, with no allergies.  The four of us arrived early and were promptly seated.  Our waiter came and the first question - do you need separate checks.  Yes - PERFECT.  Thank you so much for asking, we would have requested it, so thank you.Move on through appetizers and dinner.  All bland.  I was so disappointed with my food.  We all were.  Bland and unappetizing.Then it was 630.  We had requested from our waiting to get us our checks, due to having to leave at 630 (we also reminded him at the beginning of service).  We got an eye roll, a huff, and said alright.  15 minutes later we received our checks - all were wrong, except one  Then he continued to bring it back - wrong.  He started to get a big belligerent with us.  Made someone else bring the checks to us, because he was dealing with others.  (They were NOT that busy, maybe half the seats were filled, if that).  After his attitude, the bland food, and the fact that every single staff member made us feel like pawn scum.  We will not return.  Nine on Nine needs to realize - there are FAR better restaurants in town.  They were lucky to have our business, but they've also lost our business.  I typically give restaurants a couple chances - especially if the first chance is not good.  However, I won't waste my time, ever again.This was my most favorite restaurant until last night.  The food was over salted.  The service was very poor.  The server was rude and inattentive.  I was used to far better wait staff here - personable and professional.  Please read this management and change!Used to come under previous ownership and wanted to try again... What a disappointment. We walked in at 10 till 9 and were told that they closed at 10. We were treated like an inconvenience. The band was entertaining but service was unfriendly. The only reason I'm giving 2 stars in because I liked the wine selection.Sooo.... this whole yoghurt "craze" thing? How is it different from any other yoghurt craze?   I thought the whole yoghurt thing started with the Dannon Frozen Yoghurt shops in the early 80s, and was made more commercial by TCBY.  You remember them... TCBY= The country's best yoghurt?  I was expectiing more from Wildberri... I hoped for decent yoghurt, and fresh toppings. The toppings weren't that great and there weren't that many options... and the yoghurt was too sweet.I'm kinda sick of the feeble attempts at a better yoghurt.Nice place inside and good service...I scanned the menu and I was confused - the prices were way out of wack compared to other mexican places.  Beans and rice were alacarte???  I think they wanted $3 extra for beans and rice.  I ordered the chile rellano and one rellano was $8 alone on a small plate and it was just ok.  A friend ordered a chicken tostada at $8 and some change.  It was ok but barely enough to feed a 3 year old.There flour tortillas were made with canola oil.  Good if you are on a diet bad if you are in the mood if you want good mexican food.You cannot call this place authentic simply based on the tortillas.  I had high hopes but this place fell short - maybe I will go back for second chance...maybeInferior!Inferior!Inferior to Chipotle, I say!Currito isn't bad for a mall food court burrito place, but the burritos themselves are INFERIOR. Firstly, the "classic" burrito only comes with pinto beans, not black beans, which I find offensive on so many levels (Why can't ya'll serve BLACK beans? 'Cause they're BLACK??? Hmph.) And the burrito was as bland as Qdoba's. The tomato chunks were much too big, which, I guess, is supposed to signal that they're chopped by hand, but choking on a tomato bit is not my choice of a way to die. To top off my experience, the servers were champion space cadets. No greeting or any dressing to our verbal exchange... except for the guy who made my burrito, who whispered to me, "For here or to go, sexy? You look good...""For here, thanks," I said. Thanks for the burrito, sir. If it weren't for your wonky eye and the fact that you whispered the catcall instead of saying it out loud like you've got balls, I might have entertained you.HA! Yeah right...Talk about a FEZ knock-off.  Here I was, all excited to see something interesting pop up in the boondocks of the valley and this is what I get?  What a waste!To start, this place is small.  Not that small is a knock on a place (I love Matt's) but this is just inefficient use of space.  They've added some sun-shade and a patio to create more tables but it just looks tacky.  The bar takes up almost half of the interior space and does not appear to do the business that the tables do.  Poor execution of use of space.Then, the waiter we had was a pretentious ass.  He was pushy, insistent, and not helpful.  It is amazing he even asked for our orders and didn't just bring us what he thought we should be eating.We had some sweet potato fries and calamari for appetizers.  The fries were good but no where near as good as FEZ.  The calamari was more fried carrots and lemon than meat.  The fried carrots were fine but the whole thing was pretty cheaply put together.What they don't tell you online is that almost all of their sandwiches are not served after 4.  Since that eliminated everything that looked good on the menu, the wife and I ordered a bunch of sides and split them.  The mac & cheese was pretty good.  The cornbread was fine.  The garlic mash was missing the garlic.  Really disappointing.  This is not a place would would recommend, even if I lived out there.  If I were stuck out in Surprise, I would go to the BabbO on Bell before I wasted my time at Vogue.In town for the holidays to visit family.Decided to stay local, they happen to run out of half the menu two days before Christmas. The waitress was very nice. The biggest shocker of the night was this old man next to us sharing his dinner with his toy Yorkie, off the table. I didn't know that dogs could vogue with their owners at dinner. The over all experience was,"o.k.". Better luck next time, and I'm bringing my dog!!Why two stars?  In my opinion, if my roast chicken is dryer than my skin after I spent a day in the hot Arizona sun without any lotion, and you're asking me to pay $16 for that and 8 small slices of potato and 20 slivers of overcooked carrot, it's not a successful meal.I know most everyone has rated this place pretty high - and I really hate to give a non-chain restaurant a bad review, but the 'Meh. I've experienced better' for 2 stars is exactly how I felt.On the positive side, our waitress was very attentive and I did not feel ignored.  Our glasses never went empty, and while I did not imbibe, it seems they have a well stocked bar and some pretty tasty sounding albeit pricey drinks.And therein lies the crux of my discontent.I've been to many chic restaurants in many different locations.  Call me crazy, but it doesn't concern me the amount of money I spend on a meal, if I feel I got my money's worth.  And I don't feel I got my money's worth.The $4 bruschetta was a delicious concoction of goat cheese/pesto spread topped with a 3/4 inch piece of heirloom tomato, a chiffonade of basil, and a drizzling of balsamic reduction.The problem?  There were two 2 inch pieces.  The end.Although I already cried my woes over the roasted chicken entree, I did not mention that it was neither herby nor garlicky as advertized, and the plating design left something to be desired.  I was surprised that there was not a hint of green anywhere on the plate to balance the colors, and it looked sadly bare.  Also for being roasted, the chicken skin lacked the crunch I so needed and the potatoes were quite soggy.The $5 chocolate pot de creme was a smooth chocolate custard made with Vahlrona chocolate.The problem?  It is described as a rich, chocolatey dessert.  While it was not horrible (we did finish it, after all...), I've had a lot better and a larger portion for the same price elsewhere.  It did not give the Vahlrona chocolate the respect it deserves.The $5 creme brulee was smooth, but did not have the glassy crackle a good brulee should have.   I was hoping it would have been better than the one I make.  Sorry Vogue, but it was not an answer to my prayers as you so purport.In the end, I am still seeking the four star experience that others seem to have had, so I may be trying out the lunch...but if the quality of the food is still lacking, I will unfortunately have to cross this one off my list.So 'creme brulee afficionados', save your $5.  I will give you a recipe for creme brulee that will taste exactly the same and for the same amount of money, you will have a fridge full of custardy goodness.Chicken lovers, try the steak.  Maybe you'll have a better experience.And above all, O Vogue, hear my prayers.  I want to rate you better, but I need better from you.I really dislike giving bad reviews, especially to an establishment owned and operated by someone as sweet as Aurora, unfortunately the staff does not have the same passion as her. Our food also was nothing extraordinary.  It had potential, however "meh, I've experienced better"First off, we sat for 10 minutes without a waitress coming to our table. Finally when we did get seen by Jennifer, it was quite the underwhelming experience. We ordered Mac and Cheese minus the pork, the duck leg and eggplant parmigiana. Oh and to start, we got a bruschetta, and also the olive selection.On the plus side, the potatoes where on a bed of greens with a roasted potato and date vinaigrette. The duck was a very modest portion and a bit over cooked. The mac and cheese, was nothing special, and the eggplant parmigiana was undercooked to the point where the puff pastry still had a raw dough taste in the middle. The space is nice, and funny enough the older gentlemen sitting next to me said "don't get the steak special" when I sat down with his wife quickly chiming in stating his name in disbelief. I dunno, a restaurant where you pay $65 bucks for two to eat with no drinks, should be a bit of an experience. The servers should be professional, put together and at your table within a couple minutes to take your drink order and go over specials. I cook, and I eat. When I don't want to cook, I expect people to be on point.... and this was not.The atmosphere at Vogue is nice and I was excited to have a place like this out in the west valley BUT we wont be going back. We went once and the food was - okay, nothing to write home about (filet was a bit bland but the potatoes were super), but worth a trip back to try it again. The second time we went we were ready for the whole meal to make us happy but this is what happened...Ordered the French Onion soup - soup was GREAT, off to a good start.Ordered Vogue Steak with a side of veggies - the steak was BLAND Bland bland and just felt like we wer chewing on some defrosted flesh. We ate two bites a sent it back telling the waitress that we didnt like it (which is why it was vitrually untouched) and just wanted the check (we had someplace to be or else we would have tried to order something else... we WANTED to love this place)   B U T the waitress brang us our check and "just charged us $10 for the steak since we didnt really eat it"!! We were floored! I have never been to a resturant who charged me for food I sent back due to it being inedible. My husband had to go to the waitress and tell her that we refused to pay for a steak we didnt like. She ultimately took the charge off the check but the damage was already done. We wont be back - we really wanted to like Vogue and feel that we gave its fair shake... we just dont think its lives up to all the hype.I didn't find this place to be anything special.  Service was average, ambiance was average.  All of us ordered the house special "Vogue Steak" and they were tough as shoe leather, definitely below average.  For the price, which was fairly steep, I bet you could do better.Finally made it here for dinner service.  Made a reservation for 4 at 8pm and was seated immediately at 750pm when we got there.  The hostess asked if we care for outdoor dinning, which is not my normal option, but I felt like trying something different.  So we ended up in the great outdoors on the patio.The outdoor patio is nice with a roaring fire, overhead heaters, and plenty of seating.  It is only open on one side, which faces a back alley.  Not really a star gazing setting and every so often you are a few feet away from a speeding car using the alley.  I think I will eat inside next time, wish the patio had more views, but not much to look at here.  I can also note that being outside, at least in our case reduced attention by the staff.  I almost felt forgotten at times as my soda sat empty waiting for a refill.  I would have to speak up if I wanted a refill.  I would not of noticed, but we did not receive dinner till 830pm.  So be prepared for a 30 minute wait for dinner.  I decided to go with the one of the dinner specials which was the pork tenderloin.  The polenta had an excellent taste, but was on the dry side.  Almost like it sat for awhile.  Like a film on top of it had formed on it.  The balsamic reduction was good and almost saved the dish.  With the balsamic reduction the pork tenderloin was edible.  I used the balsamic reduction t add moisture to the pork.  The pork was so over cooked that I could not eat the dry meat without dipping it into the sauce.  I could not even finish 1 tenderloin on my plate.  I usually do not send dishes back and I was trying to eat it without complaint.  Luckily Aura C. waved down a waitress and they took it away.  They did inform me that I could have something else, but at the cost of another 30 minutes of our time.  I think I lost my appetite at that point.Another dinner guest of ours noted lipstick staining on her water glass.  She ending up drinking a soda and let her water glass sit.  So after a long hour for dinner I noted our waitress came to our table a total of 4 times, that included taking the order, taking my dish away, asking if we care for desert, and taking the bill.  Of the 4 times we had to wave her down to note the pork was dry.  I can recommend lunch service, I have had great service then and good food.  I cannot recommend dinner service however.  With such inconsistent service, food, and staff I am sure I would not bring my out of town friends here to enjoy food and the city.  I can say it is a great lunch stop, but dinner still seems to need some work.  I am still trying to put this restaurant on a must eat list since it is only minutes from my house.  Looks like I need to travel still to get good service and food.I have enjoyed going to vogue bistro for quite awhile, and usually the food and service are above par.  This evening was not the case.  We began with the fritto misto, which is usually a favorite.  Tonight, the calamari was chewy and rubbery, and the whole thing was so mashed together, it was difficult to find anything individually.  My salad was just meh, as was my friend's.  My friend's son ordered the steak medium, and it came out pretty rare/medium rare.  It took our server forever to come back with the check and since we were trying to get to an event, this was annoying.  For the price, the food was not up to standard.I am not sure I will go back there.  There are plenty of other places around where I can get better for my money.The first word that comes to mind about my recent experience at Vogue Bistro is "DISAPPOINTED". From start to finish, our visit was simply that, disappointing. I knew things had changed there when we waited to be greeted at the hostess stand and a server came up to greet the woman in front of us. He kept trying to seat her when all she was doing was picking up a to-go order that she had already been helped with. He finally got snippy with her when he caught on that she wasn't needing his help. I don't know why he wasn't catching on...she said it loud and clear about how she was picking up a to-go order and didnt need help. So that was the kick-off to our evening. Now in all fairness, our server was pleasant enough. She was thorough, polite, and competent. The food though was quite disappointing. The fritto misto was a hot mess. Well in this case, a cold mess. Although we were seated on the patio, you would think that in those first few seconds of being on the table, the food would be hot...not the case. It was a big, discombobulated pile of cold, fried mess. The calamari was terrible. It was chewy, overdone, and mixed in so much into the other fried items that you couldn't tell what you were eating most of the time. Every thing tasted exactly the same...flavorless.My friend and I ordered salads and my son ordered the Vogue Steak. I ordered the Vogue Salad. Most of the time when you get a frisee salad, frisee is a featured green. In this salad it is THE green. The dressing was minimal at best and the chicken was flavorless. Very disappointing. My son ordered his steak medium and one part of the onglet was rare and the other part was well done. And there was a RIDICULOUS amount of shoestring fries. It was a serving enough for 6 people. And the food took FOREVER to come out! We watched the servers waiting anxiously for the kitchen to get the orders out and could see by the body language that they were uncomfortably antsy. So all in all, I paid $97 for meh. That was for the Fritto Mess, Steak Vogue, 2 salads and 2 glasses of wine. And that chaps my hide. But I will tell you...there are better restaurants in Surprise that put out better food at far less of a dent in your wallet that will treat you like a valued guest. Go there. You will be far more satisfied than with my experience at Vogue.My first review of Vogue bistro was removed, so I will keep this one simple and to the point.The patio seats were too small for a regular size adult. The server had to read the specials from a cheat sheet. The calamari is mostly fried carrots in a nest like structure and is not good. The server did not know what an IPA was nor did they have any. What beers they did have, are served in the bottle with a warm glass. The server did not pour. My steak was cold and my wife's salmon was undercooked. Unfortunately, there is still no fine dining in Surprise. Sorry owner - no reason to have this one removed.Surly, nasty waiter, mediocre food. Actually, some of the food was mediocre; my meatloaf was burnt (not well-done, BURNT) with cloyingly sweet gravy. Wouldn't go back.Had lunch there yesterday, I can sum up the experience with two words. "Awful, food''

Kobe beef- didn't taste like Kobe, more like sirloin.

I tried the lunch special of cesear salad/shrimp entree. Portion was fine for the price, but was the salad ever bland. At least the lettuce was fresh. Paul Newman's dressing is better. Three tiny croutons on top and flavorless cheese. Meh. Shrimp seemed to have heavy flour breading  with pepper and cayenne to disguise the flour taste. I won't be going back. You want to go chain, at least go to one with better food or better pricing. Service was fine.Poor quality steak and ribs (the meat was tough and the flavor was blah).  The service was okay and my drinks were kept filled.  The sides were not good at all.went to Woodys today at a suggestion from a friend who also went there with us - he was also not included in any of the food but he did know some of the people there so he stayed to eat their crumbs  when the good food was brought out ,. there was popcorn and pretzels at the bar so after ordering drinks we started to eat some - noticed that the  "regular" customers moved them both down the bar so we could not eat any more.  Talked with Woody AND then the regulars that used to go to Avenue came in so we moved so they could sit together. Well, the bartender brought them shrimp. taco dip, veggies and dip and was making them a pizza  and more food that was just for them -  we all got to watch them eat but no sharing with us -  we both had 3 drinks and I played the machines - found this to be very rude - will not go back - he asked us to come for Karaoke but he did not know when it was and after spending money down there - if you are not a regular we felt we did not matter.Here's the lowdown:They're like every other shop that makes you take it in the Chili Ring. They only did the bare minimum amount of work possible to align my vehicle. I know a lot about alignment, I would have done it myself if I had access to the equipment. They only adjusted the Toe-in, and reported back that the bolt which actuates the upper control arm eccentric was frozen so they couldn't make the adjustment to the caster angle. I then informed Jr. Pinhead that I have a Benzo-matic torch and can heat the bolt to loosen it, which he replied that his tech had use a torch on all the bolts. Funny thing is in the report from the equipment, all the angles were within spec that would have required heat to loosen the adjustment hardware, with the exception of the 'frozen' one.I used to work at a Firestone and I thought that lazy shit was just at my location. I was expecting this type of work from a local shop with a couple of random dopers.... not FirestoneI went in for an oil change and an inspection. i receive close to a thousand dollars in "recommendations." The next day, I decided to get the breaks serviced as they told me it was the most pressing issue with my car. After fixing my breaks they refused to put my tire on because they decided it was not road worthy, but for an additional 200 bucks they would fix it for me. Perhaps I would have been more understanding if :1) This had been in the original inspection (it wasn't)2) I hadn't had the tire looked at on several other occasions including them (twice! Once several months ago and once during inspection)3) They hadn't decided for me what is and is not acceptable - (ask first then together we make choice).

2. We were not notified that tip was included for breakfast and double tipped, no one said a thing. Our fault, but still...

The woman also charged me an extra $2.00 for glitter nailpolish. It was only nailpolish nothing fancy at all.

They have taiwanese food, bad taiwanese food.

 Chris RFrom the expressionless concierge on night shift to 1 hour room service, Nobu hotel has thoroughly disappointed me. I cannot tell any difference between this "fancy" hotel and a 3 star hotel off the strip. The gym and refreshment floor is off limit after ten. I have to give credit to their more lively day shift staffs as well as decent TV and bathroom, however, that is not enough to bring me and my family back to this rip off wannabe. Nobu.........boooooo!!!!!

- plus points for some of the good looking waitressesAll in all, I won't be heading back to this place anytime soon. There's gotta be better sushi buffet in Vegas than this one.Been to both Sushi Mons, I have to say I like the one on w Sahara much better than this one...........

-Coffee is horrible- acidic, bitter and burnt tasting. :(

Pour ce qui est du service, on vous rappelle qu'au Qubec on parle franais Au del de a la dco laisse  dsirer et la propret en va de mme Pas eu envie de visiter les toilettes du coup.

- Even stranger smell in the hotel room, which was worse than the casino smell.  Like other people have noted in earlier reviews, smelled sort of like bacon.

Price: 3/5 starsHow do you burn pancakes...and then serve them? Wow, just wow. We figured we were safe eating at the IHOP in Primm...won't make that mistake again. The folks who give this place more than three stars must be 1) employees 2) nursing a hangover or 3) have the munchies...if you know what I mean. While the service was slow, but acceptable, the restaurant was clean and we were seated right away. Our server was polite as was the cashier/hostess. This was a big upgrade from the zombie like experience we had at Buffalo Bills. On a positive note, I took my pancakes home as they will save me a couple of bucks on my next skeet shooting experience. Word to the wise; if you're planning a trip to Primm...pack a picnic basket.Once again, Chain restaurants... sighs...Consheavy cigarette smell insidewaitress kept forgetting about usI ordered an apple juice and automatically got super sized on it (didn't care so i kept it)I ordered a waffle by itself and automatically got a combo (this I didn't keep, I sent back because is not what I wanted)the waitress kept forgetting about us, even with giving us the checkchildren's menu is overpriced, might as well order from regular menu and feed the child more foodThey almost gave us someone elses food twice

P.S. WORST SERVICE EVER AT THIS LOCATION.So the last time I ate here (albeit the old location on Main Street) was in the late 70s.I had the green pork chimi today.  Overall it wasn't bad but everything, and I mean everything, lacked seasoning.  As such everything was slightly bland in taste.  Also this is one of those places that puts a quarter head of lettuce on the plate.  Not sure why that happens since I expect few people ever eat it.As I said above its been more than 35 years since I've been here.  I expect it will be some time before I return.Not impressed. Staff wasn't that friendly, it felt like an inconvenience to ask for anything, and service was exceptionally slow. The food wasn't very flavorful and the margaritas tasted like they had some soda water mixed in. It took forever to get our food & my friends was cold. The sopapillas are more crunchy than soft and fluffy. Was very disappointed.Won't be coming back.Not bad... Not great. Pretty middle of the road.

The ratio of meat to rice is also not as good as the Sushi Mon on W Sahara, with more rice and less meat.The only thing better about this location is the menu is larger , with a lot more selections and special rolls,,,Oh, the mochi is delicious, but you get the same thing elsewhere.

Health rating: 90.5I got a tattoo of Africa on my chest here when I turned 18 to remind me of my many summers spent in Kingston, Jamaica, and I was happy with the result.  However, this place is the Walmart of tattoo parlors.  If you are getting a tattoo without much detail, I would recommend coming here.  But, if you are looking to get any kind of tattoo with an intricate design, I would recommend Immortal Images, because this place accepts anyone as employees.  Nonetheless, all of the employees are friendly, but demented.  The girl who tattoed me claimed to be a vampire and played heavy metal during the entire experience.  Come here for simple work!I got a piercing here when I was 18 - after I had already pierced myself several times. I know, I know - but I'm not a sadist. Anyhow, out of all the piercings I did myself non of them got infected. The one I got done here was infected for months! blech! i guess when you pay $20 for someone to jab some metal into you you should just expect that. Of course, from what I understand this is where you go to get your experience in the tatoo industry and once you've perfected your craft you move on to a more reputable shop. That could be totally bogus but I'm leaning more towards that explanation.I went here for cheaper gas without the drive all the way down to the South Carolina border. Then I had the thought hey might as well check out the store while I'm here!I actually appreciate people who buy in bulk, it uses a lot less resources to package everything when you do that and indirectly help the environment yay! What happened was I saw a bunch of individually packaged things packaged into one big thing. Well that's sure different, way to waste money on that. The store itself is fairly clean and generic. I did find some cool organic detergent to try out and bought a few baguettes as well as a cheap bottle of wine that I ended up liking quite a bit. Then when I finished checking out I had to get my receipt checked when walking out, geez do they treat everyone like a potential thief here?I don't like Walmart due to long queues, shoddy service, shoddy products, and shoddy employment practices. But Sam's Mart has relatively short queues, and uh well I guess that's all I can really say.Walmart on steroids... Customer service is a joke. I cancelled my Sam's membership because of the lack of customer service at this store! Sam's Club is fine as long as you don't ever have to interact with an employee.I went there to buy some pants, first time I wore them I tripped and they ripped. I went to the store with my receipt and they wouldn't exchange it because "I caused it" and "you have to purchase a new pair".At least they were niceI love some BBQ, but Sonny's just doesn't cut it for me. First of all, this place is a franchise so that's automatically blasphemy in the BBQ world. I love some hometown BBQ & going into a place a franchised BBQ place just isn't on my list of favorite things to do.Their BBQ is good & you can order family style, so everything here is not so bad. But there are plenty of other better, hometown BBQ joints close by in Charlotte. Sonny's doesn't have anything that's spectacular, but you'll leave full & satisfied.But for my money, I'd rather get some better BBQ, at a better price, from a hometown place. If you don't mind the franchise feel added into your BBQ eating experience, then you won't mind heading to Sonny's to get filled up. But for me, you'll enjoy your BBQ much better from a local place with local recipes.I was in a time-crunch and starving and chose this Sonny's over some nearby chain restaurants. I'd been to a Sonny's a couple years back on a visit to Florida (when I was living in NY) and thought it was decent reasonably priced BBQ. Now that I live in NC and frequently travel to the BBQ capitols of the world (TX, TN, SC, NC) I know what the best BBQ should be. In fact, just a week before I'd had some of the best BBQ I'd ever eaten on a visit to Fort Worth. By comparison, the grub at this place was not nearly as good as what I'd remembered it to be. My chicken was bone dry, the ribs were small and dry, and the pulled pork was ok but unremarkable. That said, my server was friendly, the cost was low, the food came fast, and there was a decent amount of food for the price. I probably won't return to a Sonny's again unless I'm in a similar jam to this past time.Don't eat anything but the chicken. Everything else is nasty. Charlotte should be a BBQ mecca, it isn't because of the chains. Go back to Florida, they like it there.Sonny's was a little disappointing.  Now, we went on Father's Day and dads eat free, which was cool...if I had to pay full price for what I ate, I would be very upset.  I got a "rack" of ribs...spare ribs.  Just because they are not baby backs, it doesn't mean that they can't be tender people.  I don't understand how a pit smoked rib can be so tough and hard to get off the bone.  Its "Fall off the bone" and "Stick to your ribs" not "Stick to the bone"  The salad bar was the very definition of nothing special.  I don't think I will be craving the food anytime soon. What saved it was the service.  The kitchen screwed up our order and we had a large party but our server handled it very well.  I could tell that she had a long shift already but she was bright and cheerful towards us.  She covered the mistakes well and offered great service and was right on the spot with refills.  Don't think I'll be back, unless Jim N Nicks and Macs Speed Shop burns down...togetherI only eat here occasionally because a couple of my co-workers like it.  Bland bbq, bland chicken.  OK salad bar.  Overpriced for the quality.  I have never understood the allure of this chain.I hate to write a review like this in that I know the Owner's and his Dad. As a child I was able to meet them and grew up knowing Sonny.This location was kind of busy. Went in the door and waited for a while before one of the 20 people who worked there stopped goofing around and actually acknowledged the two groups and me and my son who had come in. Clearly this should have been an indicator of what was next.We were seated in a dirty booth and the family next to us looked very unhappy. It took about 15 minutes for anyone to come to the table. She took our drink order and left. In the mean time she delivered cold food to the family next to us that looked unhappy.about 10 more minutes and the people behind us who had come in with us finally met their server who was more than confused. We still had not gotten any drinks and not placed an order. The waitress came back to the table and asked about our drink order again. I gave her five minutes. When she came back and had nothing I gave up. I grabbed the manager on the way out and he looked like a deer in the headlights. He knew he had issues, bad people and a huge problem. He was working in the kitchen when they got him and when a manager is in the kitchen it's bad news.While the front of the house was a wreck his employees where goofing off, wandering around and most of them not doing anything to help the others out. This was clearly a case of bad hiring and could be fixed but that was a pure waste of 30 - 40 minutes.I visited around lunch time and the food was not that good. I was expecting it to be a lot tastier. The entree was a  dry. I's a good thing I had sauce. I am sorry, but I won't be back.I drove past this place on almost a daily basis for a couple years. Boyfriend and I were looking for cheap and nearby food, unfortunately that is about all we found. We were pleasantly surprised when we walked in because the hostess happily and genuinely enthusiastically greeted us. However, when she tried to seat us at 5:52 a server in the empty section she was trying to seat us in curtly informed her she was not on until 6:00. After a little backtracking and scrambling the polite hostess was able to find a seat for us.

*the cheesecake! if I wasn't planning at spending the day at the pool the next couple of days, I could have easily eaten 5 more of these, maybe more! Okay, let's be real, probably more than 5.Service was good, they were attentive and kept a close distance in case we and other nearby tables needed anything.Note to future self and fellow Yelpmigos, please avoid spending your money here, there are MUCH BETTER buffets and eateries elsewhere, especially at $43 per person. Even my 6 year old nephew was charged full price and all he ate was 1 slice of turkey and a slice of cheese pizza. -_-We went to Bellagio for weekend branch buffet. Pro:

Maybe I'll come back when I'm low on sodium intake. The only good thing was the service. I wouldn't recommend this for big groups because the place is pretty small and it's usually packed whenever I'm around the area.Wow. Just wow, in the worst way possible. Was it an OFF night or something for them the night that I decided to enjoy my first meal in Vegas when I landed?I've heard only amazing things about Monta Ramen from fellow online Yelpers. But lemme tell ya, I should have listened to my actual Yelp foodie friends from the Bay Area. They told me, "Monta ain't all that." Don't get me wrong, service was pretty good actually. Maybe too good...cuz my ramen came out within minutes of ordering. How is that even possible? Do they have it pre-made in the back and it's just microwaved or something?I had very high hopes for Monta, sadly...I will never return. Here are my reasons:1. TOO SALTY. And even if you ask for less salty...you're still gonna feel bloated as shizz from the sodium.2. Noodles are NO BUENO. They're like thin vermicelli noodles. I like my ramen noodles thick and with the right kinda chew!3. My soft boiled egg got cold within minutes. Hmmmm :-|4. Spicy means weaksauce-American-spicy to them.5. Oh yes, and there's always a wait here too. Why, I have no clue...Do yourself a favor. Go across the street to Ramen Sora and have a real bowl of delicious ramen. You can tell I was quite excited to sit down and enjoy my meal when I first got to Monta...check out my YouTube vlog for that weekend: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DhN4ggfu52w&list=UU5YaBtOxOYqeFEEQ_aW6JiAWhen I was in Vegas, I was craving Ramen!  I searched on yelp and was amazed by the raving reviews I read about this place.  The restaurant is really small, about 5-6 tables plus the bar, so we waited for about an hour in half to be seated.   I ordered the Tonkatsu Ramen and shared the pork belly bowl with my husband.  Their ramen soup wasn't as flavorable as I expected and same goes for their pork belly.  I felt like some ingredients was missing.  I'm sad to say that  I've had better.Why are all ramen shops in Vegas small and cramped? That's besides the point because I am willing to wait for good ramen, but I was pretty disappointed by Monta on a recent visit. The toppings were too basic. It wasn't a surprise that the flavor was lacking when you only have a few components. You get two small slices of chashu and a few bamboo shoots. The tonkotsu-shoyu broth didn't have any depth of flavor. I had to ask for a second helping of noodles because the serving was so small. I didn't like the thin texture of the noodles. My friend asked for extra chili sauce for his spicy tonkotsu because it lacked the kick he was looking for. They said it was $1 extra. If your broth isn't spicy enough and you want to charge your customers extra, shame on you. Plus, 75 cents for nori? At least that's included at Sora. The best part of the ramen was the soft-boiled egg.This didn't turn out to be what i expected. Soup base was so salty, and the meat melted in the soup. I couldn't taste the meat at all. All in all...mehhhhhhUnfortunately, a place I used to think was near 5 stars and a reference standard for ramen in the US, was entirely disappointing today - quite embarrassing actually. For some reason, the soup was bland, extremely salty and not hot, the noodles seemed so so, the bamboo shoots were coarse, and the pork slices were extremely fatty. This extreme inconsistency from prior experiences leaves me wondering whether to ever bring guests to this place ever again. Perhaps there has been a change in chef?This place was alright to me. Not the best ramen but not the worst either. I've had better but this could work if you need a quick fix on a budget.I know this is a violation of Yelp Law, but my visit to Monta was only the second time in my life that I've had ramen (Cup O'Noodles doesn't count, not that I eat it).  I may have been spoiled by the first time, which was in New Jersey.  At that place I was able to customize it to the skies: choice of the regular pork broth, or chicken, or even vegetable.  Too salty?  "No prob, we can do low sodium." And I was able to have chicken or shrimp (can't remember which) instead of some fatty pork.It wasn't that way at Monta.  What you see is what you get, complete with photos.  And since even as a kid I was nauseated by even the tiniest bit of fat on any meat or poultry, I couldn't stand the pork that was in the bowl and had to remove it.  I'll take a nice, lean piece of pork loin any time, but not the stuff that makes up the choices at Monta.  The broth was pretty decent, and I'm a sucker for noodles of any kind, but the ramen here will never be my comfort food.While service was quick, the tiny and cramped space does not lend itself to comfort or relaxation, so fast service was definitely welcome.  I don't disagree with all of those who love this place.  Different strokes for different folks, I guess.My friend told me this was the best ramen she ever ate in her life... Well.. maybe I shouldve ordered something else because the Kuro Ramen was not good.  soup was bitter, my egg was still cold in the soup, and the temperature of the ramen when it came out was just WARM.  I hate that...I'll definitely give it another shit though.. maybe I should just order the regular tonkotsu that everyone gets..  BUT...the pork belly bowl... OMG.. let me tell you... I can probably eat 5 of those for sure... It had so much flavor and had my taste buds craving for it... So I definitely recommend that one.It was not worth an hour wait for me at all..I'll give it another shot though.Came here right when they opened at 11:30am and the place was already PACKED. Our group of four grabbed the last available seats out of the 27 total they have.We ordered a side of kimchi ($1!), kimchi fried rice (5/5), gyozas (3/5), Pork Belly Bowl (2/5), and Spicy Tonkotsu Ramen (3/5). The best thing here is the kimchi fried rice and if you like either kimchi or rice or both, you should definitely get this plate! It's flavorful without being overbearing and it adds a nice variety if you're ordering ramen.The Pork Belly Bowl was sooo sooo bland. It looks much better than it tasted, and throughout eating my bowl, I kept having to add spice and soy sauce. The chef kept looking at me do so and I felt a bit guilty since I'd think it's pretty offensive that I'm altering his dish as much as I did, but I HAD to. The ramen was mediocre and didn't meet its hype. We paid an extra $1 for spicy paste, but still felt like it was lacking. We do live in Los Angeles where there are many fine ramen establishments, so it gave this place a disadvantage as we were comparing what we had had in LA to what was available here the whole time.Thankfully we didn't have to wait or else I would've docked another star off this review.Over-Hyped. Very small inside, about 22-24 seats with reportedly long lines in the evenings. On a Sunday afternoon we got in immediately, staff was all in a bad mood and rather unfriendly. Soup base was bland, chashu fatty and tasteless. There is much better Ramen to be had in Vegas!Las Vegas, NV: I hate giving low ratings but this place doesn't deserve anything else. I came here with friends and didn't choose the place so I didn't know it was not vegetarian friendly. Sadly that meant I couldn't partake in the ramen but I settled for fried rice (not the restaurant's fault I'm vegetarian after all). I ended paying about $6.00 for a tiny serving of rice. Mind you, I got a size that was supposedly a full meal. When I asked the waitress to substitute the ham for egg, corn, or anything vegetarian friendly, she refused. Instead, she insisted I pay extra for each of those items. I have never been to a place less accommodating to dietary restrictions in my entire life. I've also never been to a place that would charge me extra for a substitute that would be cheaper than the meat that comes with the meal. For the rudeness and inflexibility combined with a tiny and expensive portion of rice that was ordinary at best, I can't give this place any more stars. Ps My friends said the ramen was good so I recommend the ramen to the carnivorous people out there.I had the Spicy tonkutsu ramen and it was okay, edible but I wouldn't rave about it. Broth was a little over salty and too thick for me, and they're pretty stingy with the broth. There was no option to choose how well you want the noodles to be cooked. Overall, while many said 20mins wait was worth it, I wouldn't agree. This place is overrated.Worst ramen I've ever had. The broth is flavorless and not hot, bamboo is canned one. Why do they get 4 star review???Everything used to be better. Now this place defines itself as more....adequately edible. The ramen was good. The gyoza was shit and the pork belly was shameful today. I felt our server seemed a little put out to take care of my party of three. I can understand why. This place is always packed and there are no signs of slowing down. But I believe this business lost that feeling of appreciation for every guest that walks through the door. If I'm just a number then I will take the number 7.6. Because that is the exact number of miles it is to Ramen Fukumimi.I dont get it. Portions are WAY less than other places like Jinya and Sora. Tight and small. in the corner of massage parlors. I really love Ramen, I believe some of the best is right here in Las Vegas. I didnt feel that FLAVOR from either the food or staff, no hello or goodbye? More like: Next! Really left feeling Meh and I found myself not eating the rest. There is just nothing special about this place like Sora with its BROTH or Jinya with its NOODLES etc...Meh. I've experienced better.Too salty! I ordered tonkatsu ramen. Soup is very thick with extremely strong flavor. I don't think I will  come then.One word. Disappointed. The parking was aweful. Tip: park at the side street next to it. One star is for the staff, they were quick and assertive... Short wait time, got our food as soon as it was ready, drinks were filled immediately when it goes empty. The food was not as great as I had expected. Which was a very big disappointment. It was good but mediocre on taste. The restaurant itself was ridiculously small. I was shocked how small it was. Poor hostess was trying to get tables going so she can sit more people. Since the restaurant was so small, you can smell the bathroom was close by also. Yuck! The other star is really for nothing, I was just trying to be nice... Maybe a star for how cozy the room was. Oh wait. The other star goes to how affordable it is, it's a good cheap place to have soup.Monta I'm disappointed. The one on Eastern isn't as bad as this. Your noodles were packaged tasting thick and hard, broth was not piping hot, condiments in a ramen bowl cold, and I could've fried my Gyoza better from my frozen packs I get at the Asian market. Shame on you. This is fest happens to most restaurants when they become popular they go down. Someone better will take your place even with your prime location.Food- 5 stars. I come here 2x, sometimes 3x a months because the tonkotsu ramen is the best ramen joint in vegas.. Pork broth on point same with the pork and the eggs and the corn that was on there...always get extra  noodles also..

- no extra linens for pull out sofa bed, had to call house keeping again and when they came,  they just brought a blanket.

Service is slow/bad

A checkin/checkout system that verges on chaos.  And a "enforcer" in the lobby that berates guests on checkin.

Burger cooked anything but medium well? No way! ("It's illegal..."??)We figured we should visit this "iconic" Charlotte drive in but were anything but impressed. Between the three of us we tried a couple burgers and a chicken salad.Verdict: the fries weren't crispy, the hamburger buns were stale and the wait staff wasn't accommodating in the least. Not sure what all the hype is about.Just OK in my book. I've had better burgers in Charlotte. The sweet potato fries were very good. The regular fries were fine - but the portion was pretty small. The service was efficient - no complaints.Never been there in the past, so I don't have an opinion on the old management/new management debate.This place was rated so many times to be so "atomic" because of it's dive-y atmosphere, but the food wasn't all that?? After indulging in the excitement, we realized, it was just your every day burger and hot-dog joint. No special tasty to any of it. Sorry Penguin Drive-in. We tried to side with you bc of Food Network. Try adding some salt and pepper and fun toppings to make this place tasty.- Mac & Cheese Bites

-Nice, check in area and casino

THE GOOD: I went for happy hour & you definitely get a lot of food for the $.THE BAD: The servers need a bit more experience.

The amount of seasoning in them was very scant and coriander, cumin, garlic and fresh parsley were not noticeably present.

I once went to get a Dr. Pepper Thirst buster from the fountain drink dispenser and it just splashed and spurted out nasty soda water and the woman who was working there (clearly restocking cups, etc) just laughed and said it was out. I politely asked if it could be restocked but was told it would take about half an hour. Huh?? I know better.Everytime that I'm here I'm approached by someone looking for money. It's unfortunate that this location is so close to my work and not one that is cleaner.

during the filing.  When I got home, there were three cuts on one foot and two on the other.  The gel manicure was done by the young girl and that was fine, but I won't be going back there again.  The total for the two was $55.Thai Spoon, what can I say?  Definitely not as good as Nicky's in the North Side.  The crab rangoons were not good, no crab at all and a super sweet cream cheese in an over fried wrapper.I ordered green curry, I like a little spice, I ordered a 6, but could barely

 Auch der Service lt fr meine Begriffe zu wnschen brig- zwar zgig zur Stelle, aber irgendwie auch arrogant. Die jungen Damen, die nur servieren, hingegen eher etwas "ungebt".

Hell, The cheap, ugly $99 Chinese/Mexico screen doors have better quality control.I'll see if I get contacted now by someone with authority to either rebuild, replace or give me a refund!

I was sooooo looking forward to my old Pho Kim Long, and this wasn't it!!The food here is pretty tasty for the first couple of bites but it gets to you after and get sickening to eat. My pan fried noodles were a bit salty. The service is pretty quick here though. Right after we ordered the food literally came out within a few minutes but they can be a little rude handling your food. One server didn't really tell us which noodle it was and kind of expected us to know whose bowl is whose. But at least it opens 24 hours!Came here at around 1-2am because husband was hungry and they were one of the restaurants that was still open in Vegas at the time.Line was long when we got there; the hostess seemed very annoyed with all the customers and she didn't smile or even bother to greet us. When it was our turn, she just led us to the table and threw the menu on the table and left. Waited some time before a server came to take order and haha... another one who's annoyed by overwhelmed traffic.We ordered fried tofu, spring rolls, whole coconut and two Bun Bo Hue; food came out fairly quickly but the quality wasn't as good as I expected it, well, when I compare to what we usually have here in the South Bay. I did like the fried tofu and coconut and that's why I'm keeping two stars here; however, the spring rolls was not fresh and the soup base for their Bun Bo Hue was so bland, it didn't have pork blood or beef/brisket in them either. Will not recommended until you're dying of hunger.This restaurant is supposed to have to best Pho in town, so I went to go check it out.Ended up ordering Shrimp and Pork Egg rolls, Chicken Terriyaki, #14 Pho and BBQ Pork.

It's seriously run down..in a "we opened and never did anything else" sort of way. I had tried going to 5 other nail places yesterday after work (in Scottsdale and Phoenix)because I have no time the rest of the week, and every single place was crowded, so this was my final spot before giving up. Note to self, make an appointment!

I was surprised the manager comped the shakes which was very nice, but the attitude of that waitress and her dismal performance has got to go.  Cat, I think it is short for Cathy needs to find another line of work.

A lot of Made in China products and other things that make me think filler for landfills. Most of the stuff here you can get elsewhere for the same price.

(browse menu's small corner sushi section looking for "oskar" ingredients - no dice.)

3.  Food handlers must not care for or handle any pets while on duty.

And the crispy wonton was over exposed and just way to much.The empanada ..all I can say is Shame On You! Creme Cheese? Really?The duck rolls were constructed as if it were rillette , almost a puree.

Service ... Just OK.

- It's a long walk towards the actual gates and you have to take a tram to get there.

I probably will not return to that location at least.We had a nice tasting lunch, but it was marred by the bus boy slamming dishes into the boxes outside the kitchen door. The noise was loud, startling, and jarring. Even after I asked him to work more quietly, he continued. It disrupted conversation. We waited in vain for the waitress to pick up the check (delivered without any inquiry about dessert or coffee).  We finally took it up to the cashier ourselves. This was no way to treat customers whose bill was over $100. Disappointing.A place like this calls for numbered issues:1. The dinner special (Tamales, Enchilada Style) was way too salty. 2. The tortillas were very obviously store bought; they were served dry and hard. 3. The micheladas are nothing but your choice of beer with Bloody Mary mix. This was especially disappointing bc we were craving micheladas. You can find better ones at Bonito Michoacan. 4. The menudo was extremely bland. The broth tasted like watered down ramen soup BEFORE you put the seasoning in. The actual tripe was very soggy. I may be wrong but I think this means they didn't cook it long enough? Either way, it's not the way I like it. You can get better menudo at Pepe's Tacos.5. Are we having a lime shortage again? Not one lime seen, but lemons galore. In the menudo, the food, and the micheladas. No lime.  6. The salad that is offered with your food was comical. Store-bought cheese and half a tomato placed on top (not even diced up).The chips and salsa are good. I leave this restaurant with a full stomach of that. Unfortunately nothing else left a great impression and we will not be returning. For the prices this place offers, I would expect the food to be a lot better. Very disappointed.Overpriced and food is mediocre at best. The tamales are good but were just thrown on a plate with old rice and beans. Had to ask for the salsa that they said were served with them. Sucks when the best part of your meal is the chips and salsa.Came for lunch today and it was pretty terrible! First off it felt like there focus here is getting food out quickly probably because the court house and other businesses nearby so they gotta get out quickly for lunch. My boyfriend ordered the carnitas tostadas and he was not happy with them at all. Overloaded with lettuce and they were pretty soggy. He actually folded the tostada in half like a taco so that tells u how soggy they were. I had a 3 item plate with a taco, tamale, and enchilada. It was alright nothing special. The tamale was ok and they use store bought taco shells for there tacos. This place could be great but it seems like there food is just thrown on a plate .I had some business dowtown (not court or jail) so I thought I would give this a try.  Stopped by at about 12:30 and the parking lot was full.  This place is a in a tiny little run down building.  I loved the sign on the door that said "to open push hard."  We are not in summerlin anymore...So after pushing hard on the door to get in - the place was packed!  One table left, now I can see why the guy that pulled in behind us practically ran us over to get in here first!  He wanted to get a table!It is a tiny square dining room, with maybe 30 people in  it.  There is no atmosphere here - and with out the advice from Yelpers I would probably not stop in.  Sometimes I can't tell if the restaurant is a quaint mom and pop joint with some charm or if the owners are too cheap to update the place???The food was about average.  Shredded beef enchilada and a chili rellano.  The only thing that stood out was the sauce - everything else was ok.A friend had a beef burrito with green chili as a combo.  The burrito was sorta small with a dash of green chili sauce.  Disappointing for a $13 lunch special.I saw a taco on the plate of another customer and it was a store bought taco bell like taco shell.  Not impressed.Overall - food was okay.  The service was okay.  The place is a dump.2 lunch specials for $28.50...hmmmm.  I would rather eat at Roberto's and spend less money.I've passed this place several times on my walk & I just happened to have skipped breakfast and was hungry around lunch time & found myself across the street & decided to give it a try. I didnt even look at the menu & ordered a Chicken Burrito To-Go & it came to $8. I was a little surprised at the price but went with it hoping for the best. It was lunch time and most of the tables in the small dining room were occupied with what looked like Business people from DownTown. I was offered a seat to wait for my order but probably moreso to be out of the way of the waitress as this place is very small & compact.As I waited I looked at the signed pictures on the wall = Penn & Teller, Ray Charles, Freddie Fender, and alot I didnt know. I didnt have to wait very long and was asked if I wanted some chips & salsa to take with me and I initially declined but the nice waitress sold me saying "Its all fresh & Homemade" I ate the chips on the way home and they were as advertised = very lite with a little salt and the red ones were very good.When I got home I was very disappointed in what I had got for my $8. The burrito was good enough but only a medium sized portion compared to Roberto's or the other Mexican place I have reviewed here which sell bigger & better for $5. In hindsight I should have had lunch there and ordered a special from the menu, which is what I will do next time I'm hungry & in the area.The place was almost full so they must be doing something right.Let's see.....Apparently, this place is a pretty big deal in the downtown area of Vegas. Mostly within the legal field due to its location by the court house and all the law offices. Was invited to El Sombrero for lunch with some coworkers and figured, well, why not. Pulling in, I thought maybe, just MAYBE we were cutting through  a parking lot as a shortcut to El Sombrero ......nope. Parking lot is tiny and creepy. This is a door ding, side swipe and car theft area of high risk! Luckily, i wasn't the one driving. Finally, we make it out of the car and into the restaurant....During lunch hour on a weekday and of course the place is super busy, however, we manage to get seated within minutes. The place was hot (as in humid and no air conditioner) and service was very slow. The server was friendly and helpful in answering our menu questions. The items are all simple mexican dishes but for some reason priced pretty high. I ordered tacos and exactly like some of the other Yelp reviews mentioned, I got hard shell tacos with ground beef?? Seriously?! Someone in my group ordered Enchiladas and they were super runny, almost as if they used pre-made canned sauce that you purchase at Food-4-Less....Was not impressed AT ALL.I would say this place needs improvements on their menu items, and/or lower prices. The clientele is there, they need to make some changes before Dona  Maria's and Casa Don Juan takes over.I just came back from my yearly trek to Las Vegas.  Since I am a card collector I paid another visit to the Gamblers General Store.  This trip was not so successful.  Since I buy alot and have large orders they were not really helpful in shipping or giving me a bulk price.  I was disappointed and took business across the street to another casino/gaming store.  From my last visit the customer service was not there.  In the future I may try them again since they may have had a bad day or something.Don't get me wrong, I enjoy browsing the store but this is a tourist spot. I have found that items are overpriced compared to it's rival across the street, and no I am not an employee of Spinettis. This store is interesting to browse and browse is all I do here. I will actually shop  here if they lower the prices.They have a big selection but their prices are too high.  Go across the street to Spinnets.No Call..  No Show!  I had a similar experience as some of the other reviewers.  The store where I had originally purchased my wine fridge referred me to  Brownies for service.  When I contacted them to make the apt. they had quoted me $80 for the service apt., which sounds high, but I went ahead any with it anyways.  As soon as I told the lady that it's a gated community and he would have to punch in the code to get through the front gate, she said the service charge would now be an additional $15!!  When I asked her why they charge an additional $15 for that? (now a total of $95 for the service call),  she said it's just their policy.  Despite all the red flags going up, I still went ahead and made the service apt. because I needed to get it fixed right away.  On the day of my apt., of course no one showed up or called to reschedule.  They must be really busy or just don't care about their customers...either way I would definitely try another company.this place is the original casino cafe in las vegas. located on the end of the fremont street experience. always busy & crowded on the weekends. you may experience a 20-30 minute wait. the atmosphere is nostalgic with old school decor. the service is ok.most of the waiteresses look they were here when it opened in 1906. a little slow but friendly. the menu consistes of breakfast,lunch & dinner plus fresh homemade pies. the food is a little iffy-sometimes it's good sometimes it awful. usually we stick with the prime rib or chicken. but the shrimp cocktail is workd-famous.(used to be 99 cents). really just plain, nothing outstanding here. no salt on food. cheap for downtown sit-down eatingIf you like paper thin walls, then this is your place!  If you like nasty breakfasts that can't even do eggs and hashbrowns right, then dive on in!  (Their restaurant used to be AWESOME until they leased it out to DuPar's.  DuPar's is a slip shod tourist-trap slop house prevalent in Los Angeles, and they brought their crappy recipes across the Cal-Nev border.  It's too bad because the coffee shop in the Golden Gate used to be one of those "where the locals go to eat")Really pay attention to this warning about the paper thin walls, because the hotel is directly adjacent to the FREMONT EXPERIENCE, which has live bands playing good music out in the street throughout the night ('til 2 a.m. on Saturday!)  Well guess what?  You're going to basically be in the front row for every concert if you choose to stay there.  I exaggerate not, you can CLEARLY hear the music in the hallways; let alone the room.The people were very friendly, the rooms were clean and re-done pretty well; and that, along with no major health violations is what saved this place from being a 1-star.  If you're like me and cheap as hell, then just go two blocks down, and there's 4-5 hotels with the same price, and much better rooms. Remember that the Golden Gate is in downtown Las Vegas, and not the strip.  I don't mind the fact that downtown is a bit seedy; as opposed to the glamour and glitzy lights down at the strip.  I just want rooms that can block out the noise.  Lucky for me no one was "doing the do" in the rooms next door, or I might have had to pay a cover charge for the audio show!  I did hear numerous conversations though, and they were clear as a bell.There's "quaint", there's "rustic", there's "character", but the Golden Gate hotel hasn't any of these qualities....It's just old and outdated with wafer thin walls.  Avoid this.  There are TONS of other hotels nearby with the same price, and better walls.I was there from August 6th to 9th.Good points - Nice antique atmosphere, the hotel still looks vintage 1905, but with a few modern amenities.

She didn't look at me once while she did my nails,she kept moving my fingers around without saying a word!!How do I know what works best for here if she doesn't open her mouth!!I don't want her to tell me her entire life story but a little conversation is a must to me,it seems like the staff didn't get along with each other very well and that creates a bad vibe and is poison for a business!

Sorry Applebee"s but we would rather go elsewhere for better atmosphere and quality.I used to go here a lot with my son but when I switched my diet to lower fat dishes I was disappointed at the menu choices available at Applebee's. They sound good on paper, look good, and taste okay but the portions are so minuscule it's easy to see why they're so low-cal. Good in a pinch but watch the salsa. One time we got a bad batch and the tomatoes or something had turned - blech! Anyway, now that we're more into supporting local establishments, eating at chains is no longer part of the plan.Came here with my husband and young baby son for dinner. What initially brought me here was the fact that they served meals that were Weight Watchers friendly. Ordered what looked like a delicious meal from the menu, a supposed NEW menu item, The lemon Parmesan Shrimp. My husband ordered The roasted garlic sirloin. Although the waitress was polite enough and service was speedy.. The fact that our meals looked nothing like the picture portrayed in the menu was very dissapointing. The taste of the meals was at best mediocre, and we both really expected more. It seemed like the cooks working in the back sloppily put our meals together without caring about the outcome would be. This coming from my husband who also happens to be a cook in a restaurant. We paid our bill and left but will not be coming back. Shame because I loved that they served WW friendly food which I'm so committed to.My husband had the new 5-cheese Mac and Cheese with chicken. Looked pretty good and he said it was tasty.I however had the tried-and-true baby back ribs. Awful! Very dry to the point the meat was very cooked down and the ends were all but burned. They didn't even try to cover it up with globs of bbq sauce, which is a common stunt. Very BLEH... Won't ever get the ribs there again and highly dis-recommend them from others. Ew.Typical Applebee's. My boyfriend had a gift card to go here otherwise we definitely would've tried somewhere else. The food is just okay. We started with the white queso dip which is decent. The chips were hot which was a big plus. I had the Three Cheese Chicken Penne and it was meh. Not enough sauce and the chicken was on the grill for way too long. So dry! My boyfriend had their 9 oz sirloin and he said it was okay as well. However they gave him about a cup of sour cream with his mashed potatoes which was weird. We also had margaritas which you could hardly taste anything but a pre-made margarita mix. Bleh.Our server was super strange too...he was very busy talking to another table and it took a lot for us to get his attention. Place was kind of dirty. Our table was so sticky we were afraid to touch it.Meh meh meh meh meh.I was disappointed here. I was told that Feiler's has the best burgers around, and I love me a good dive bar. Although I've only experienced their burger, I was pretty disappointed; it was bland to the point where it tasted like the meat was cooked in a microwave.I did like the atmosphere, and the service was just fine. It is definitely the only sit down restaurant in its area, which is a pretty odd location, you can kind of tell that the other stores/businesses built themselves around the old and decrepit Feiler's. I'd give it another shot, but I'd have to be wowed.Feiler's is tucked into a corner of the Beltline and Verona Rd, near Home Depot.  As you enter the property, beware of the cavernous complex of potholes, sinkholes and assorted death-to-car traps.  Inside Feiler's we were met with a very dark, oddly smelling interior that looked like it had been built in the 60's (It was) and cleaned a couple of times in the 70's (not sure about that).  The hostess was a sign that said "Seat Yourself" so we did.FDR once said that the only thing you have to fear is fear itself.  Maybe my review of Feiler's would be more positive if we could have seen the floor, our table, each other, but instead all is left to your imagination.  Did something just brush my leg?  Are my shoes sticking to the carpet?  Did someone or something die in the corner?  The paper place-mats on the table spoke volumes. They have a comical drawing of a fancy-dressed couple standing outside Feiler's.  The restaurant is drawn like Hollywood facade of a classy restaurant front hiding a dilapidated shack, garbage, dog urine, a dead former owner, and a child defecating in an outhouse.  A piece of marketing ingeniousness it isn't.  Our waitress appeared and apologized for our wait (about 10 minutes or so).  Apparently she was the only waitstaff on duty that day - and the place, was packed.We ordered steaks.  Really, what else would you get at a Wisconsin supper club.  It came with a trip to the salad bar.  We downed our Old Fashioneds (really what else would you drink at a Wisconsin supper club), mustered up our courage and visited the salad bar.  The money they save on not lighting the place is definitely not spent on their salad fixings.  A bowl of iceberg lettuce, some cheese, a few veges (radishes, carrots) a few empty containers and a half-dozen buckets of salad-dressing looking goop made up the majority of the salad bar.  The lettuce looked like it had been put out that day, I wasn't sure about the rest, so my salad was lettuce.  The steaks came.  19 ounces of prime cut goodness.... well, technically about 13 ounces of prime cut goodness and about 6 ounces of bulbous fat.  It looked like my steak had a cancerous fat tumor growing out of it.  The person I was eating with, also received a fat tumorous steak, but her steak (and the tumor) was slightly smaller.  The accompanying twice-baked potato soaked in butter was pretty tasty.  I'm giving Feiler's a conservative 2 stars.  The ambiance is a 0 (unless you're into horror shows), the overburdened waitress did her best (3-4) and the food was about a 2.  We won't be back to Feiler's any time soon.This Copps salad bar used to be the best cheap lunch on this side of town.  Since that guy Ryan left the deli, though, the quality has really slipped. Today the salad bar had shriveled broccoli slaw, black spots in the shredded carrots and black cauliflower.  The prepared salads looked dried out like they might even not be safe to eat.Salad bar needs to be fresh - the is the basic and only requirement for a salad bar.  F- for Copps. I called to report it to the store assistant manager Chris who only grumbled that he had only just got to work and didn't know anything about it.  Well,  yah, that's why I'm reporting it to you...With a new Hy-Vee right across the street and Metcalfe's open over in the Shopko plaza, I will never buy a fresh salad at this Copps again.Slow, sloppy, careless customer service is what will prevent me from coming back, but the limited produce and exorbitant prices don't help their case, either. The atmosphere is even depressing--stark, over-bright. Thank God Hy-Vee moved in across the street.While I think their selection is alright, the stuff they get in is usually crappy editions (e.g. Barnes & Noble Classics Editions). I don't normally leave with anything when I go in, however, one time I did manage to score the entire series of Mr. Show for under $30, so that was cool. It's hit or miss.Ehhhhh.... Yeeeeaaaahhh... Sooo.... I grew up in Chicago eating the finest Italian Beef sammiches the world has to offer. Gino's isn't true Italian Beef. The Au Jus sauce shouldn't come served on a the side. Real Italian beef will double dip in the sauce regardless of if it's for take out or not. I haven't tried anything else off their menu besides some of the side dishes which are a bit too $$ for my taste. Overall, I am not a fan of Gino's.Beware - ski equipment is not on sale year round! I did not see this clarified on their website and the salesperson seemed to think I was an idiot for thinking I could buy ski supplies. I know it's July but your store has "Ski" in the name! I figured this would be a good time to get old season models before the 2014 stuff comes out, but I guess not.First I will start off with the service for ski equipment, they do a fantastic job tuning and sharpening skis as well as fitting boots. They are very knowledgable and helpful. Now for the prices. They seem to be higher than anyone else. We recently went in looking for ski boots for my 13 yr old daughter, they were charging $170, when the exact same boot can be purchased down the street at MC Sports for $99. They also mention that they have a program to give you 50% of the cost in a trade in toward new boots the following year. Sounds great right? Especially if you have kids that seem to outgrow everything each year. But beware, we were 2 days past the 1 year and they would not honor the deal. Really? 2 days? They would not budge on this and were generally rude about it. Anyway, you would save money buying 2 pairs of boots elsewhere over 2 years than trying this deal.I get the concept, and it has an old school atmosphere when a car isn't shinning their high beams through the front window.  The jukebox is cool to look through.  But let's be straight, this is a dive bar with non dive bar prices.  $6.50 for an old fashioned?  Heck, an Old Style in a bottle was $3, I'd hate to find out what a Spotted Cow is.A small group of new friends and I were meeting up before a movie at Star Cinema. Three of us got there pretty early, so we grabbed a table as the sign said "Seat yourself." We sat there for a good 45 minutes before a waitress came over and asked if someone had seated us. I explained that the sign said "seat yourself" and her reply was "Sometimes they just put that sign out." I'm not sure what that means. Afterward our food came in a reasonable, but not speedy, amount of time, 20-30minutes. The quesadilla I order looked like it had 2 inches of Velveeta in the middle. It was terrible and it did not sit well with my stomach. To add some perceptive I regularly eat various greasy cheese items at dive bars around town. This made those dishes look gourmet.During our wait there was a band setting up that was apparently having sound issues. There was a good hour of time that passed were they were doing sound checks with a good deal of feedback. In fact the feedback was painful at times and we were not even in an area in front of, or close to  the stage. I give this place 2 only because the bar tender was courteous and the bathrooms had hot water.Bring your ear plugs!!!!!!!!!

Food was actually decent.  Came for the pumpkin pecan pancakes that I see ENDLESS commercials about.  They were tasty.

The wait wasn't too bad. Well my husbands Boar burger was on a wheat bun, they did skip the coleslaw so he dealt with it. For a burger priced $9.99 it was pretty small and it doesn't come with anything. He thought it was dry and pretty bland. I got the 1/3 LB. Burger combo. My burger was also bland but it was juicy. The wedge fries that comes in the combo would've been better if they were crispier. The topping bar is kind of annoying, they should have plates available so you could get your fixings before you get your burger. When your standing there waiting for Gramps to decide what he wants, your burger and fries are getting cold. Then I get to the condiment station and half the pumps are empty, and I know I heard another customer telling them they needed to be filled while we were waiting for our burgers.

*Dine in or take out (note: they're separate entrances)

We went, expecting it to be amazing, and it was simple-- nothing special. Kinda like a Hometown Buffet, but a little better. Trust me. Just. Don't. Waste. Your. Money. Here.Gambling here is cool though. I like their table selections. Dealers are very nice and have personality. I hate it when the dealers don't bother interacting with the table. It makes gambling boring.I was super excited about staying here. our honeymoon was going to be awesome we got a suit and.... let me tell you i dont think i will be coming back! never in my life has some random person opened my hotel room! I mean i havent stayed any many hotels but if small ones are more careful then this place it says alot. it was like 8 am on a tuesday that someone knocking on our room woke me up. since no one answered obviously me and my husband were asleep the guy that by the way did not work there opened our room!!! a stranger had the key to our room my husband got up and went after him to see if it was an employee and he wasnt he was wearing street clothes. and when he went down to complain all they did was change our room key! what if i would of been in the room alone! never again MGM. i had an awesome time but that was just not right. i loved your pool and your customer service but i doubt that we will be back.Well, I do have fond memories of this hotel from 16 years ago but this trip was the reality check that it has aged in the "not so gracefully" way.  It is tired and smokey and just filled with drunk 20-somethings.  We did not stay here this trip, we came in to go to dinner at a restaurant there.  The restaurants were dead.  I felt bad for them.I am going to review both the Hotel itself and the gaming establishment.First the hotel:Tube televisions...really? Granted, I did not go to Las Vegas to watch T.V., but seeing a tube television in the "Deluxe" room really through me off. The beds were actually pretty comfortable, but the shower was really bad. It took me about 5 minutes each morning to get hot water, and the shower head is really short! I mean, I'm 5'2" and it was short for me. My brother is 6'3" and he could barely take a shower. That's just a little obnoxious. The other really bad thing about the hotel are the doors. There is a large gap between the bottom of the door and the floor, which lets you hear EVERYTHING! Yes the beds were comfortable, but being able to hear every single step outside and having to listen to the drunk people make their way back to their room at 2 in the morning made me a very grumpy person when I had to go to my business conference. I have stayed in several hotels on the strip over the past few years, and I must say that this was the worst experience I have ever had!Plus, I did not have a dollar to tip the bell hop to store my bags when the hotel would not let me check out late (even after playing 12 hours of blackjack during my stay), I was going to tip him when I picked up my bags after I grabbed some cash, but he was so rude to me for not giving him a tip I decided not to. Yes, I'm sorry I didn't have a $1 right there, but come on!Onto the gaming:The only reason that I did not give this hotel a 1 star was for their blackjack rules. It was refreshing to see a establishment offer 3 to 2 odds on blackjack at $10 tables. Now...onto the bad. I usually play $25, two deck tables in CA. MGM had 6 deck $25 tables and 6 deck $10 tables...what benefit would I have to be forced to play $25 a hand versus $10??? I found out later, they only give you comps if you play on the $25 tables...wtf? I played for 12 hours (yes, that's not even exaggerating....I asked the "MLife" club) and all I earned was $9.91 in comps. Maybe I'm spoiled at Barona in CA, but if I play over 8 hours there on a $5 table no less, I would earn a free night in there hotel (at minimum, I would at least get dinner). I think it's disgusting how poorly they comp their players. One guy who was sitting next to me for a few hours on Thursday was playing $40 a hand and they would not even comp him the cigarettes he asked for. I'm not a smoker, but I still think they should have given the guy something. But sure enough, even the pit bosses agreed that the casino just doesn't comp for playing at the $10 tables. She actually told me I would be better off playing slots! I had one dealer pretty much tell me the casino was broke, so that's why the comps suck now. Wish I would have known that before I put 12 hours of play in at the MGM grand hotel.Not only will I never go back here to stay again, but I am sure I will never play at this casino again either until they fix their comps. Poor form MGM Grand!Oh, and before I forget, beware the $22 fee PER DAY they charge you to use the internet, phones, and to have access to the cardio room (in theory you get a newspaper too). Not that I used ANY of that (I already pay $30 a month for internet access on my Ipad and I have a freaking Cell Phone!). You do not get the option to not have the resort fee...they just tack it on at the end. So, you pretty much have to add $22 a night to whatever price you get for your room.Lobby is very nice.  Casino is decent.. nothing special.  And the rooms are crappy.  The first time i stayed here I wasn't impressed with the room.  just a place to lay down at night.. nothing more.  The second time I stayed here.  The room was even dingier then then I remembered.  There was no view. The Air vent was loud and the room had a very bad smell too it... needless to say we prepaid for this room and ended up staying at a different hotel.  Oh yea and the shower was terrible... i Like a strong shower but this was ridiculous.  spitting out water.. unable to control it...   and the shower head is VERY low... if your over 5'8" you will probably have to hunch down to get under it.  if not your head will be pressed up against it.   I don't think i need to say more.  small bubble TV... everything outdated....I booked a 4 night stay here for my 1 year anniversary with my husband, on vegas.com. We picked this hotel because of the rate. When we got to the hotel, we were notified about a $22 daily maintenance fee. For what you might ask? Well, pretty much nothing. There is no provided drinkable water and no small refrigerator. My shower turned into a bath. There is not exhaust fan, so after you took a shower, the whole room felt damp.

- The car windows were dirty The Ugly



Me:  OK, can I have a book of those?

Not worth it.

Double Spicy Tuna Roll - bland, not spicy. AT ALL.Hawaiian Poke Salad - strong soy sauce flavor. I love poke salad that's tangy with sweet and savory so this didn't float my boat. The tuna didn't taste fresh. I'm used to great quality sushi and big flavor in CA and Ichiban was subpar. Service was good. Value was not there. My friend and I spent more than enough to pay for AYCE @ Sushi on Tropicana. We should have done that...3 stars for food, but minus 1 star due to exorbitant hotel pricing. I was in Vegas with 2 Japanese grandmas who were desperately in need of miso soup and rice. Now normally when in Vegas, I would get my Japanese (or any other Asian for that matter) fix on Spring Mountain Road, but since we were car-less, I figured we'd better stay close by. Ichiban Sushi is located inside of Bally's, but waaay on the other side of the entrance, near the monorail station. The employees are actually Japanese and I would say the food is more authentic than what you would get at Sushi Roku or Sushi Samba (or many other hotel Japanese restaurants). They have everything from sushi to udon/soba noodles and your typical teriyaki combinations. For us the food was just meh though and overpriced on top of that. I mean really, cucumber salad for $5?? Fried tofu for $7??Needless to say, I won't be coming back and will instead make the 10 minute drive out off the strip.The service was friendly at the front and with our server, but this sushi bar in the basement of Bally's is just a bit disappointing. The menu isn't imaginative, and the classics just don't taste great. Speaking of the menu, the plastic-coated menus have item after item and price after price crossed off in Sharpie, and when I'm spending $60-70 on lunch, that just isn't good enough.If you are staying at Ballys and want something to eat without having to go far, then this might work for you. It's located on the lower level by the shops and monorail. This place is small. Real small. Think of maybe the size of an average living room, and take away all windows, and make it all beige. There is nothing beautiful or appealing about this space, and nothing makes you want to sit here. I wanted to eat and leave.That being said my  husband and I both ordered noodle soup dishes and they were both very flavorful. I have no idea where the kitchen is, but it's not inside this small space. Our food took a little longer than expected, and arrived on a cart covered in saran wrap as it had to travel from somewhere. Service was just ok.Again, it's not bad food if you're feeling super lazy to leave the hotel, but otherwise opt for elsewhere.This place wasnt all that great. I heard good things but was extremely disappointed.  I went on a day where they didnt have a band or dj. It says the happiest place on earth on the front entrance ...i walk in and everyone seems depressed.  there wasnt that many people here but yet the bar was full.  (its pretty small bar) . So i just grabbed a wobbly table and sat there. I asked the bartender what they had on draft and he said "nothin"... hmm...thats rare. so then i asked for a coors and he said "try again" hahaha.  alright i'll take a rolling rock i guess.  "good guess" they had rolling rock .  $4 a bottle . i chugged it and got the hell outta there .SHEESH...I guess if you arent familar with a "dive bar" this would fit in your description. It is more like uh..TGIF Fridays of dive bars. Theres random stuff on the walls, enough coke(not pepsi) residue in the bathroom to keep the party goin, graffitti and stickers everywhere. BUT hey they also have soap, toliet paper, and paper towels. not to mention an actual ladies bathroom with a lock. Usually a true dive bar will have one maybe two but not all four. That is a TGIF my friends. I regress, I have lived in Vegas for many years and have been going there since before I was legally allowed, and also met my exhusband there. I have seen it when it was an actual dive bar and they had the mechanial horse that you had to be both female and topless to ride and miget porn on the tvs and bras hanging from the rafters. thats a dive bar! now, its like a dive bar with training wheels. Picture booth? come on! IF you remember yr stay at a dive bar, you aint doin it right, ass juice or not.This place is a dive bar for the people that love a REAL dive. Many of the patrons are questionably high... the bathrooms are gross. Sadly it's one of the better venues for punk music so I'm sure I will be there again.Bacon Martini starts off salty then gets disgusting after a couple of sips,  excuse me while I wash my mouth down with soap after that disgusting after taste.Fact:

Service: hit and miss

so, i suggest going elsewhere, really.BUT.

$3 for a small bag of Kettle Corn! It was so good that we ate half the bag on the way home.I think this will be my last trip to this festival, although I said that the last two times I went as well.The food was kinda expensive i mean a simple Italian sausage with some peppers coast 9 bucks and it didn't even taste that great ....meatballs on a stick coast 8 bucks no taste at all... the cheapest thing i saw was some street tacos for 2 that's not even Italian lol...with the entrance fee and the fees for some rides i don't think what i had to spend was wroth it at all...if u have kids maybe its fun for them the rides other than that the feast is terrible... i have had way better Italian food for way cheaper... i think i could make Italian food that taste better....Good people watching. The food was pretty good... expensive considering what you get.

The servers are off the charts as are the hostesses. So an "A'" for the above and a credit to Management for their skills in attracting and hiring A List Talents.

I would typically have given this place 4 stars, but because of the lack of customer service and their new web check in hasn't been debugged yet rolled out to the public, I would have to take away 2 stars.The rooms and casino are good.  Some of the places to eat are decent, but definitely needs a face lift.  The downside is the staff.  Not very welcoming and they like to talk to each other rather than the guests.  It's a good place to stay if you have more than 2 adults and need more square footage than your average hotel room.  Be prepared to travel outside of the casino for 4 star food.I lived in Vegas for 20 years. Occasionally we'd stay in a hotel as a staycation.  Since we moved to CA we had to stay in a hotel this trip. The Rio was low cost so I made a reservation.  It was a really nice hotel a while back, what happened. The smell of cigarette permeates the air as you walk in.  The lines to check in were outrageous.  Luckily I had pre checked in online so my wait was reasonable.  My hotel clerk was brand new, very slow and nervous.  I asked who the VP was and he said he had no idea since they change them so often huh? My room smelled of cigarette though I requested non smoking. there was no room service menu and the TV wouldn't work.  I asked  the housekeeping runner if we were on a smoking floor and he said he had no idea...did he smell the cigarette smoke? Maybe? he said.  Store this under you get what  you pay for.  Speaking of pay, $25 for a Resort fee with wifi that doesn't work I'm going to try to remember the Rio of old when Harrah's cared about this place, the employees were well trained and it was the place to beThis place leaves much to be desired. Don't let the cheap room rates sucker you in, learn from my mistake. If you want to stay at a legit 4 star resort in Vegas, do not stay here. My bed was comfy, I will admit.  However, my couch had stains all over it. Yuck. Never sat on that bad boy. Shower had zero water pressure which sucks for someone who actually wants to wash their hair and there was mold in the shower area. Ick. The dealers had zero personality. At least talk to me while you take my money. The restaurants on site were so, so. One thing that will never do me wrong at the Rio is the Voodoo Lounge. The view of the strip is amazing. Two stars, one for the comfy bed and one for the lounge.Check in was fairly quick and the gal who helped us was friendly and helpful. We had a remodeled room in the Masquerade Tower too bad they don't put new mattresses in these rooms! The bed had a huge dip in it.  Also, this hotel is off strip, if you want the hustle and bustle then stay somewhere else. And finally, what hotel doesn't let you have a late checkout if you ask for it?? Not this one:-( I won't be back!Two stars because if you stay in the Masquerade tower below the 27th floor it's really crappy.  Very old/used look.  My wife was smart enough to ask for a better room from the bellhop. He said floors 27 and up were remodeled.   He was right but we had to pay $30/night more.  Well worth it.  See pics then compare to others.  Doubt I'll stay again until they remodel.well first off everything that happened inside was great. from the table games to the restaurants and bars everything was good. but a word of warning, dont use the valet service. i entrusted the valet with my brand new lexus is and they left the windows open while it rained overnight. when i got my car the next morning, water had been left standing on the leather. not wanting to run late for class, i wiped off the seat and left. later that night i talkes to the manager sophia who basically told me there was nothing they could do. thats not the worst. after i got back to LA, I got a carwash, and discovered there was a big old chemical burn on my hood. it looks as if something had dripped down overnight and ate away at the paint. yeah, dont trust them with your car.They had an option to check in n your phone before you arrive, but still had to wait in a line for about 45 min. The first thing I noticed when we walked in was the smell. It was like an old folks home. We check in and head up to our room. We rented a suite and was semi pleased until I walked into the master bathroom. It was in need of a makeover and the tile on the floor was missing in some areas and looked very dirty in the shower. If your looking for a cheap, cheap place to stay.....this would be the place.Spacious room with an incredible view of the strip from the Ipanema tower. Although the room was clean the bed was lumpy. The room was beat up and two light bulbs in my room were burnt out. This place needs a lot refurbishing. Apparently the company is, or will soon be in bankruptcy. That shows and may be a reason they don't have in-room coffee makers anymore. They'd probably prefer you go to Starbucks downstairs to buy some instead.....tacky. Casino was clean and people were nice. But the hotel's beat up. I'll stay elsewhere next time.I'm in the middle of my shower at 3:30AM when I hear a noise in the pipes and the water literally stops running. My husband calls the front desk,they tell us there is work being done on a block of rooms down the hall and it must affect our room. You think??? Waiting on bottled water to come up to rinse my hair. And there's no guarantee when water will come on and there are no empty rooms!Rio has been one of my favorite hotels for the past 10 years. It's not fancy, but the rooms are a good size, parking is easy, I enjoy gambling here and they have some good eats! Last trip, my room had a busted couch, missing fridge and we had bathroom issues. Shrugged it off. This trip, I am very disappointed with the room. The shower area is leaking water and it's just disgusting. Let Guest Services know and they're sending an engineer up. So now I have to wait for someone to come check on issues that there will be no immediate resolution to? Wonderful. Just a couple more nights to endure this and I will likely never stay here again. Sad, I really liked the Rio..... But why pay good money and resort fees for a motel quality room?So, I've stayed here twice and that will be it. I got a deal for discounted rooms both times but tbh I don't even think the Rio is worth it at a lower rate. If you are opposed to indoor smoking, this is NOT the place for you. If you are for a relaxing shower and a sink that drains properly, this is NOT the place for you (the shower is practically the end of a hose). If you want a club in your hotel that has a bomb DJ, this is NOT the place for you. The DJ really was certifiably awful, cutting things up too soon and in places and with other songs that just did not work. There were literally dead silent moments between songs. Wat? The bartender was nice, though. That Witch Doctor drink is NOTHING to play with lol split it with 3-4 people of you want to see straight by the end of the night. If you're in the market for a LOT of walking, like clear across the hotel to get from your room to the shuttles or almost as far for the spa, buffet or check-in desk, this IS the place for you. Seriously there is nothing within 3 mins walking distance from the Masquerade tower. The pluses are the rooms are quite large, the masquerade tower provides great views, the beds are VERY comfortable, and the spa was relaxing (though of course strip hotels have MUCH nicer, more extravagant facilities). Don't ever pay full price here and don't expect to be able to breathe downstairs. Pay a little extra to be on the strip in luxury.This was my second one staying at the rio. First time was good this time was a problem ... Missing door handles water not coming out the sink...we was told one thing than it change rude customer service on the phone when I called to speak to manager I was promise a call back I had go down to the desk and the agent didn't even put in the ticket we called we check out 11/27 check into the encore it's a big difference ! Valet was good and customer service at total rewards was the best though that's why two stars. I got my fees waived just a little I should got my room switch to better or taken off I had brought 4 rooms this holiday and was a member !Spent 3 nights at the Rio this past weekend. The room was ok, although I was in the older tower that needs a remodel.Night 1: No hot water. Called front desk, they said they hoped to have it working in the morning.

I worked at a Starbucks for four years and I def never treated someone like that. RUDE!Worst Starbucks service in the general area. The location is beyond slow inside or through the drive through. If you can avoid this location, do it. Otherwise if you have ample time to sit around and wait for your coffee for 2-3 times longer that you should, this is the Starbucks for you.Service was great, but the taste and quality for the price are not that great at all!I ordered an iced coffee with cream and hazelnut flavoring. The coffee tasted like cheap, burnt beans. It was extremely bitter and harsh to drink, it actually gave me heart burn. Pass......Really disappointed with this Starbucks. It seems to have gone downhill in the past few months.The service is quite slow, even with many people working. I understand it is busy, but no one seems to make an effort to get drinks made in a timely manner. The drive-thru is quite busy, which is fine, since it's the only one in the area. However, service on the inside is even slower, because baristas are trying to get cars in and out quickly.Customer service is extremely lacking. There are one or two cashiers and baristas that are friendly, but most are not. No greetings, no smiles, no effort to make the customers feel welcome. If they're out of something, it's "we don't have that," no apologies, or suggestions for anything else. No one seems to enjoy working there.Orders are often wrong. And baristas in the drive-thru don't seem to keep track of whose drink is whose. Orders made inside are sometimes forgotten, and I've had to ask for my drink or pastry multiple times. A few mistakes are fine, but it seems to be a regular occurrence. Apologies seem to be in short supply, also.I prefer to go to the Starbucks on Chandler & Kyrene. There is no drive-thru, but baristas are so friendly, accommodating, and welcoming.I go to this location often the service staff is variable. On good days a mobile order is ready however they are not attentive to waiting customers who have mobile orders and loyalty customers. If Starbucks truly wants a successful loyalty program, they should ensure that the staff asks if someone has been helped in waiting areas. Please ensure drinks aren't sitting for close to ten minutes. A disappointment today. On a positive note the drink was correct.Drive thru line here always moves at a snail's pace.  Inside, it moves slower.  On the inside, I can't understand the fact that to this day if you order a plain iced coffee that drink has to wait in line behind every frap that's being made.  It takes 5 seconds to pour.If you want your coffee to taste like coffee, I would recommend going somewhere else.I go to this starbucks often enough...however today in the drive thru I ordered a chai tea misto w/the tea bags not the sugar filled syrup...when I got to the window (after a 15min wait in line) I was informed that they are out of the tea bags. They made instead with the syrup a chai tea but hot! I informed I wanted on ice. They poured the beverage over ice where all the ice melted....in color it was white as if it were only steamed milk...in got home and delivered my husbands perfect mocha to him and tried my milky looking drink. It was disgusting. It was exactly what it looked like watered down milk! Uhg...next time I will go to the Starbucks in Frys up the street or to Ray and Rural. I just paid $4+ for watered down milk.

Bottom line, won't catch us eating there again...

Forgettable meal. I did not even taste much Lobster in the sandwich(-1)

Our waitress was great.  She was friendly, energetic and came around several times to check on us.One complaint, the hostesses are quiet stuck up.  As we walked through the wrong door, we were instructed to walk through to the other side.  There were about 4 hostesses standing around, none who acknowledged us right away.  One looked at us and looked away.  It took about a minute of standing there for one to finally ask how many in our party.AMBIANCE:

These 2 men walked around and not once was i asked for assistance. I am in the healing industry and was very keen to purchase some items....

I guess since I've been waiting to try this place for so long and after hearing about how yummy it is, I had some high expectations so when I finally got to try it out, no expectations were met and I was sad. Oh well--feels good to check this off my list though.I could care less about the "celebrity" chefs phenomenon. Can't help but think it adds 20% to the tab of such restaurants. In the case of Mesa Grill, we didn't really notice Mr. Flay's influence in that the meals we ordered didn't particularly stand out from any other restaurant of this type.We were a party of six celebrating a birthday.Overall the service was very good and responsive. Oddly, they don't have salt and pepper shakers at the tables. I asked the server to bring it. She never did. Must have spaced it.I ordered the $50 bone in-ribeye. Couldn't get much flavor out of it. Gee I missed the salt and pepper.Others at our table said they enjoyed their meal. No one was "over the top" in their praise.The side dishes were ridiculously small and absurdly overpriced.The setting was beautiful - lots of glass with casino views.I suppose Mesa Grill qualifies as a moderate to high priced "upscale" restaurant on the Las Vegas Strip. It's about what I expected in a tourist trap town.i was extremely disappointed with my experience here - and this is coming from someone who has eaten here before and enjoyed it back then (albeit, that was 7 years ago...). the menu selection was minimal - barely two pages to cover the entire menu of drinks, starters, entrees, and desserts. i barely found anything i wanted to eat with such few items to choose from. however, i was there with a group for a birthday so i had to find *something* and be quiet about it. i decided to get a soup and an appetizer and eat them both as my meal.unfortunately, however, i did not end up eating any of the food that was brought to me.(1) the corn soup i received was cold the first time it arrived, so i sent it back for a warm one. however, it was overly sweet and tasted more like a dessert soup than a starter. it was also too spicy, i would have preferred a milder soup that allowed the natural sweetness of the corn to shine.(2) i also had a smoked chicken quesadilla that was SO overly smoked that i thought i was eating pork. the chicken was also overcooked and dry. i took two bites and left the rest.(3) finally, i got the peach mojoto which must have been 4 parts sugar to 1 part mojito. it was like drinking pure cane syrup.i will not be returning here, and i will not be recommending it to any of my friends, either. my share of the dinner was $50 and i had two spoon fulls of soup, two bites of quesadilla, and a sip of mojito. such a waste...i'm giving two stars instead of one because our server was a very nice lady, and she made sure our party of 8 was tended to regularly.Our group was really disappointed by Mesa Grill.  While planning our Vegas trip, visiting Bobby Flay's restaurant was at the top of the list.  I am a fan of Bobby Flay and his food on Food Network looks amazing, but I would never recommend this restaurant to someone visiting Vegas.The hostess was rude when I informed her that our original group of 8 was now 10, which should have been a sign to go somewhere else to eat, but we soldiered on.  They split us up into a table for 4 and a table for 6.  The server had a thick accent and was difficult to understand.  The service was poor and the food took too long to come out.  Highlights:  bread basket- all of it was really good, especially the jalapeno bread, quesadilla was perfection ... the bacon, cheese, onions and bacon were amazing.  Everyone at the table enjoyed it.  The ribeye steak, which was off menu, was excellent.  The home fries were also good.Low lights:  All of the egg dishes were really bland. The tiger shrimp tamale was bland and the sauce was too thin.  The mimosa was weak.  Everyone hated the hominy grits ... our table was full of Southerners, so grits have a high bar to meet and it failed miserably.Very disappointing and truly the culinary low light of our Vegas trip.I don't get all the rave reviews.

1) There was one pesky fly that kept buzzing around us before and after the meal (strangely, it disappeared while the food was served us??).  Probably didn't help we were the only ones in the place for it to "bug".

the fish in the sushi was brown (not light brown, but browner than my skin which is pretty brown).  our waitress kept saying she was sorry for taking forever bringing drinks and how she is swamped with all her tables that she has and she was so busy.  that excuse could have worked if you werent just standing around chatting all the time lady.  if you are so busy, don't stand around chatting to everyone, get your work done.  overall, most of the other food at the buffet was just really bland and didn't taste good.ill pass on coming back here for sure, and i probably won't be back as red rock is so far out of the way from the strip or downtownI added another star for their breakfasts. If you up for this, it's worth the $5.00 per person.There is a reason why this place is sooo cheap: the food.For two it's less than $11 for breakfast! You can't beat that deal, sure, but the food... Oh the food... Did I lose my appetite oh too quick...

2. If you tip a dollar, they will sing. Please don't sing. I will pay you a dollar to NOT sing, ever. I want someone who will put gummy bears in ice cream, throw it in a bowl, and take my money. I always feel bad for the employees when they sing. Some of them get into it, which is fine, but you can tell other employees are just doing it out of corporate policy, which is just plain depressing.Cold Stone isn't bad ice cream, per se, and the location is convenient for students. But here's my personal opinion: Go to Jarlings and just get a snowstorm. It's cheaper, faster, and tastier. Now, if I could only convince Jarlings to add gummy bears to their menu... Nah, scratch that, I'd end up putting on 50 custard-pounds before the end of summer.They have mediocre milkshakes for big bucks. I've been on two occasions. I ordered a strawberry and banana milkshake and a cake n' shake milkshake, and have taste other people's orders.There is NOTHING special about their milkshakes or ice cream. Same taste as most other places for double the price. Nothing special about the atmosphere, and the singing is really awkward rather than funny or cute.I like their ice cream but we designed/ordered a cake online for a friend's birthday and they got it totally wrong. They're also super anal about you bringing in other food inside. My friend met up with us there after an extracurricular meeting, so she was carrying around leftover catering and the manager went H.A.M.Also, the smallest size is $5 which is pretty expensive for what you're getting. You could easily pick up a pint for that price.Restaurant review

Exit quickly, and take the hit for the $20 per person cover you just shelled out.Time Supper Club was a disappointment. At least for it's nightlife portion. Walking in late on a Saturday night and getting hit with a $20 per person cover charge, we walked right in and were met with a near-empty room full of extremely well-dressed and gorgeous people, drinking out of bottles at their over-priced tables, standing around and staring at each other. No one was dancing. I don't think anyone was even smiling. To be fair, the decor is gorgeous, the crowd (what little of it there was) certainly wasn't the riff-raff of the city and the space was big and lofty, if all too brightly lit. It kind of felt like the reception after a really expensive wedding.We literally walked in, looking to dance and have a good time, get some drinks...and we walked right out.Tres bon service . Portions de repas tres petites , prix tres cher , mezze sans gout beacoup de plats made in  micro onde .The Turkish food is tasty but not here at this place and the portions are deplorable and  doesn't make you feel satiated , I asked for Burek and wine leaves  and got only 1 of Burek and 2 wine leaves after waiting for a long time besides no diversification in the menu , it is really for passers by on Saint Catherine who get trapped into trying it !Wow did I hate this place.I will admit, nothing but a desperation to find some leggings and the desire to seek temporary solace from the frigid wind outside drew me to this store. Inside reminded me of the stock market. People were everywhere: scrambling around racks, yelling to their friends, chatting on their cell phones, walking into me, blocking aisles as I hastily tried to escape...There are two floors: one with decently-priced ugly crap and one with more highly-priced ugly crap. Let's start with the first floor which houses what I guess you could call young women's wear, menswear and accessories. The clothing, for the most part, looked cheaply made- on par with what you would find at a Steve & Barry's or Dot's. I was not a fan. Occasionally I would spot something cute but closer inspection would reveal poor quality or odd fit (droopy sleeves, short torso, etc.). Who in the world is buying turquoise blue denim? Who is being drawn to the metallic leopard print leggings? What is going on? Is this the 80's Music Video Babe line?Upstairs is fashioned to look more upscale so I hopped on an escalator, prayed it wouldn't buckle under the weight of me and 73 other shoppers and made my way to the second floor. The wares up here I would equate to a secretary's dream in 1993. Ugly shirts, trousers and accessories. I felt like I was in a time warp.I made my way back downstairs generally perplexed. How are all these attractive Montrealers managing to look so stylish? I didn't have time to ponder because I just wanted out.  I will never step foot in this clusterf*ck of a store again. Not even if I need to find a costume for 1983 Mega Slut.I had just finished telling my friend how much I loved Simons last time I went two years ago... and then I was forced to eat my words! First off I saw the SAME argyle sweater (same colour, same price and same brand) that I saw last time I was there two years ago.Second I can only speak for the woman's section when I say the clothing quality and style is similar to the of H&M or Forever XXI but with a much higher price tag.Last but not least, and honestly this was the clincher and main reason why they are getting a 2 and not 3 stars... THERE IS NO SHOE SECTION! When the sales clerk said this to me I honestly gasped and walked out of the store (backwards!)Honestly how can you be a department store without shoes?! For shame Simons... for SHAME!

keep in mind i have done regular rotations and kept tires inflated properly (all by tire discount).

-El Jesse is fairly rude and abrupt.

Question Reference # 160301-003835

- being a pub, there is a potential to fill what I would opine as a void in venue options absent in most other casino/hotels in Las Vegas, the only other pub I know of is the Ri Ra in between the Mandalay and Luxor, at least as it pertains to casino/hotel interiors.The average & inconsistent:

I give kudos to our server she wasn't too bad it was the food that put the nail in the coffin for us!

4) My son's soup wasn't served before the pizza.  So he has pizza and soup served at the same time.  Maybe the waitress could have asked if he wanted the soup before or with the pizza.  We thought it would come before.  (ASSUME NOTHING AT THIS PLACE!)

They use Thrifty brand ice cream and have an extensive menu of ice cream sodas made with unusual flavors. We ordered our sundaes and for some reason, they were made one at a time, so that my companion was halfway through with his before mine was delivered, and it was completely wrong. Wrong ice cream, wrong topping. But it took so long to get that I just ate it. I'm not going to complain too bitterly over ice cream. And I hope this place works out its kinks and does well.After hearing about this place for a few years I was really excited to finally try it out.  Unfortunately I was very disappointed with the quality of the food.  I had the bacon cheeseburger I know I know you are thinking how can you mess up a cheeseburger especially one with bacon on it.  I was thinking the same thing, but the patty was frozen and lacking any flavor of juiciness.  A burger is supposed to be juicy and full of flavor due to the fat melting into the meat.  This was a greyish color flavorless disc of supposed beef.  The only reason I gave two stars is the ice cream soda I had was good.  I had the pineapple upside down cake and I would actually go back just for that.  It's just hard to go back to a restaurant when all you want is a drink.This was my third time and probably last . The service was terrible. No particular server assigned so therefore no one to check on us. Our dirty dishes from lunch were still on the table when ice cream soda dessert arrived. I guess management did not anticipate being busy the Sunday during memorial weekend.I can understand how this location can get some extra points for being quaint  but it will certainly not get points for being clean.  The soda I had was great but I could not get over how dirty and run down this place was.  The staff where inattentive and to be honest completely useless, the tile on the floor was pealing off, the bar looked very warn and the booth we sat in was sticky. I understand the concept but I cannot forgive dirt when I visited a location.   I won't be back again.I love Macalpines it's in my neighborhood

- Need real utensils. Eating waffles with plastic forks is not good.- Some food just needs to be warm. The crepes are cold, fillings and fruit are cold... maybe get a griddle or electric skillet, or even a microwave to eat toppings. An offering of meat toppings would be good too. Eggs, sausage, bacon, etc...- Offer a plated crepe option so they can be eaten more evenly.

it's now under the Walmart Banner, I don't know why people would come here if there's another one 5 minutes away.The only good thing is that it's less busy than the others and thus less headache inducing.You find what you want, and exit out, very depressing experience that I try to limit as much as possible.The only good thing is that having a Walmart here lessens the likelihood of having one near where I liveThis Walmart is always busy and I have never been there when there wasn't a long line to check out. The shelves are generally a mess. They never have enough handicapped parking and they have assigned spaces to taxis in spaces that should be for handicapped access. (It appears they are also expanding this store to create a supercentre.)I rarely walk into a Walmart, maybe once per quarter. This store is a mess! In fact it's so much of a mess that I wonder how people shop. A quiet Monday evening and there are carts full of merchandise around the store just sitting there. Went in looking for one particular product (a vacuum) and the sections were completely in shambles. A shame when you are looking at products that range from $38 to over $400. This reminds me of a bad bargain basement sale. It's like no one really cares and forget trying to find products on the shelves. Really... the competition has come to town and instead of competing you decide making your store look like trash is the way to go.... really!Walked to the cash to pay, light is on, but the cashier isn't even there. We stand there for a while deciding if we are going to pay for what we have in hand. Manager notices us and calls girl back to her cash. Four cashiers for the whole store and one goes walking away leaving people waiting? Important Note: This Walmart has very limited handicapped parking and it is often impossible to find a spot. They just don't care enough to increase the spots, in spite of the fact that they are often full with cars that all have permits. Shameful.Rented from 5 to 10 November 2014.  It was a very busy week in Vegas and unfortunately National did not have the Premium SUV I reserved but the friendly agent sent me to Alamo since they share vehicles and I was provided a 2015 Chevy Suburban.  The customer service was outstanding especially at the check out booth.  The vehicle was not cleaned properly as I found several smoked almonds in the door and center compartments.  Additionally, I contacted the lost and found department a few hours after I returned my rental because I left my eye glasses in the center compartment and I got an answering machine that told me to leave all my information and they would get back to me.  I have never received a call back and every time I call the lost and found department I get an answering machine.  I was very satisfied with the customer service attitude of all agents I encountered and the vehicle was great, however, due to the vehicle not being cleaned properly and the unsatisfactory lost and found department I have to rate my overall renting experience as below average.I rented a car from National, Las Vegas airport location, on 06 May. I needed the car for one day. I did not purchase any extras including their insurance. The only exception to that was a few extra dollars which exempted me from buying gas when I returned the car. I was about one hour late in returning the car. They told me that there was a grace period and I wouldn't be charged. The car was the cheapest they have, my request. Bottom line the total cost was around $30.00 but when I received my credit card bill the total was $109.94? I don't like doing business with people who cheat and I'll no longer get a car from National. By the way I didn't get to walk down the isle and pic my car, they brought the car to me.Unfortunately this was not a good experience....we needed to upgrade which meant reworking all the paperwork for a different car.  Then, when we finally got in our chosen vehicle the "oil change" light was on.  Unload car, select new vehicle, redo all paperwork, load vehicle, etc.  45 min. from start to finish-- completely unacceptable for Emerald Club service.  We like National but this experience left a bad memory.I am a long time National customer and Executive Elite member. I rent exclusively from National and for some reason the Vegas location never has cars in stock when I arrive. I like not having to talk to anyone and going straight to a car of my choice. However, when no cars are available it makes their system less desirable. This has happened multiple times. I am sure I will be back in Vegas at some point and will probably give them another try. Hopefully it works out better the next time.Long time National Customer and never had a problem with any of the cars before but while in Vegas with 100+ degree heat, my air conditioner went out. I called the 800 number and after navigating several phone prompts, I was put on hold for over 16 minutes. While that may not sound very long (actually it is), remember it was over 100 degrees! Finally got through to a "real" person who agreed that I needed to bring it back to the Rental Center for an exchange. I'm still a National supporter but they do need to work on that customer service wait time.This was my first experience renting as an Emerald member and it left a lot to be desired. Customer service was basically nonexistent. When I went to the front desk they said I should go upstairs to the Emerald Aisle and pick a compact. Upstairs, one of the associates directed me to the wrong aisle where there were no compacts parked, when I tried to find someone to help, there was no one available. It took a lot of searching on my own to find a vehicle. Found a Jetta which seemed to be pretty decent. However, it took some exploring to figure out all the controls etc. before being able to head out.One thing that may be beneficial for National and all rental agencies is to include some kind of one-sheet in the car that shows where the basic controls are situated, since every car is different, trying to find the Start button, seat controls, or lights etc. can be tricky in the dark.They ripped me off on all the insurance charges.Well, even though my boyfriend rents cars through National about 100 days out of the year, National Las Vegas somehow messed up his reservation and wouldn't let him rent the car.  I had to put the car on my credit card and add him as a driver (an additional cost of about $50 for the few days he needed the car.)  The experience with the young man at the check-in desk was ridiculous and poorly run.  The woman who found a car for us and the man at the check-out kiosk went above and beyond which is the reason I gave 2 stars instead of 1.My second time renting with National after my company switched from Hertz and both times not impressed.  I was sent to several isles before being able to choose a car.  When I finally got a car, windows down (this is important for later) and pulled up to the window to check out the attendant opened the window about 3 inches and stuck her hand out waiving at me to hand her something.  I handed her my License and the paper on the dash and she slammed the window shut.  She did her thing, passed the paperwork out the window, the gate opened and she shut the window.  Apparently they hire "Cousin It's Family".Once I pulled out of the rental center I put up the windows.  It was then that I got the faint wiff of smoke.  It wasn't that bad so I let it go.  The next day when I went to my car that had the windows up all night there was a very strong odor of cigar smoke.  Otherwise the car was clean and ran well.  I did get a flat tire and expected a hassle when I turned it in but the gentleman couldn't have been nicer.  That's why two starts and not just one.I am a National Emerald Club member who rents from the Emerald Aisle frequently. I was extremely disappointed in the selection of Emerald Aisle cars for my rental last week.There were no more than 5 cars available to choose from which was very disappointing, since the aisle is normally packed full of cars to choose from. The reason I choose National is for this service which allows me to choose the car I want.The representative walking the aisle was not much help at all. I live in Vegas and rent from this location for weekend trips to California and use National when I travel on business.I hope local management will take note of this and improve.Easy to pick up, but they do not take care of the cars here in Las Vegas and it is always not clean from a windows prospective... I been a member for years and I am seeing the high standars to details that make a difference are on a BIG decline at pretty much all the airport locations I have been too!  Tired of having to stop to clean all the windows, etc... Having much better success with AVIS.I'm an Executive Elite Member and I used to get a nice selection of cars.  Over the last year my car options have been pathetic.  The service is usually good but a decent car would be nice for customers that rent from them 3x a month.Arrived at noon on a Thursday and there must have been 500 people in line for the shuttle to the rental car location, so it was not a quick trip to get the car.  I am an Emerald Club member so went right out to choose a car.  Selection was awful.  There were numerous 2013 Chevy Impalas and I refuse to rent a car that old.  The next car I picked was a Hyundai and when I got in it the smoke smell was unbelievable.  Told the girl standing there about it and she checked it out and agreed with me.  I said I didn't like the selection of cars hoping she'd let me take something from the executive section but no, her response was that's all they had.  So ended up with a Hyundai Sonata which was crap.  Usually happy with National but not happy with this experience at all.  Rental return was smooth and quick.Renting the car was such a breeze. The gas milage was incredible. The car was obviously recently in an accident and I didn't notice it until I got on the road. The front left bumper was hanging down quite a bit and whenever I went over speed bumps or raised up pavement areas it would scratch against the bumper making an awful sound. I was taking care of business and had clients in the car so it was quite embarrassing to have to constantly explain the sound. Not very professional.Dcevant.

Food- A for taste and quality

 Le principal avantage de l'htel rside dans son faible prix car sinon il est beaucoup moins confortable que les grands htels rcents.Riesiges Hotel, wie bei allen Hotels auf dem Strip, 24 h Daueraction. Es war mein erster Besuch in Vegas, war (hoffentlich) auch mein letzter. Scheuliche Plastikwelt.Ich habe es gebucht, weil es nicht weit vom ConventionCenter liegt. Einchecken am Flieband, auschecken ebenso. Selbst Nachts um 3 Uhr, reger Betrieb, wie man es sich bei uns nur tagsber vorstellen wrde. Man bekommt einen Hoteplan mit um sich orientieren zu knnen und damit man die Aufzge nicht verwechselt. Mein Zimmer war sauber, gerumig, ruhig.Das Hotel ist schn lter, fr Las Vegas eigentlich schon zu alt. Dennoch war es sauber und ruhig, und das war fr mich ausschlaggebend. Kommt natrlich darauf an WO das Zimmer ist :-)Frhstck in einem der vielen Restaurants typisch amerikanisch, ppig, nicht mein Geschmack.KRASS: Innerhalb vom Hotel befindet sich neben dem Casino ein kleiner Europapark mit Achterbahn etc. Vllig abgefahren, wers mag :-)Ich wrde sagen fr Las Vegas Fans (ich bin definitiv keiner) ein gnstiges Hotel nicht weit vom Strip. Beim reservieren darauf achten da man ein "ruhiges" Zimmer bucht.... dann denke ich wird Vegas fr die Familie ein tolles Erlebnis.Habe im Hotel nur einmal gegessen. Das Hilton war direkt neben dem Conventioncenter (dort bekam ich leider kein Zimmer mehr) und dort hatte es sehr gute Restaurants, wovon ich echt begeistert war.I wanted to see if this place still had the same service and quality since i was a kid. After going through a barrage of marketing and families, our group saw the Circus Buffet Sign only to be seeing a HUGE LINE for just BREAKFAST. It wasn't a zig zag line, it was just 3 lines and it was short...lol. I noticed that a lot of people are getting a day pass or the All You Can Eat Pass...lol. Geez...talk about Gluttony in the City of Sin. We had four in our party ($10.49 per person) with the 8.1% Sales Tax. Our total was $45.36.After you pay, you are seated and off you go. There are two sides and the both serve the same things, but from what I heard, breakfast is the best time to go. I got myself eggs, sausages, corn hash, sausage patties, pancake wrapped pie, bacon, and anything breakfast. They had a drink section which is larger than their breakfast area. They had different kinds of milk to sodas..lol. I guess hydration is more important.One plate of food had done it for me. I got fruit, but it didn't help. It was like they added MSG or something to make you get full fast. Oh well, it was a good breakfast, but wasn't average breakfast. I would like to have seen more or even include Brunch since we came in at 1030am. Hope you Have Fun here and Keep Yelping!!Too many other buffets in Vegas that have better food for the same price. Food here was not horrible, however it left me unsatisfied. The staff was very nice and cordial, but I was there for the food.Nice staff.... down hill from there. Food dried out. If you paid 7 or 8$ for the meal then maybe it would pass but for 14.95 not worth it at all. Save your money to gamble, go to mcdonalds to eat....Very small selection. I think it was $15 a person. Seriously... I think you are better off grabbing a burger. The desert was cool, but food wise.. you literally get up to grab your food, and that's it.... there is no extra food that will be coming out, just chicken, grill or fried, mashed potatoes, veggies, and a few others.. but nothing is special about this buffet. The wait to get in was crazy... and I still can't understand why.Not so good. There were some high points like the beverage area, the fried shrimp, and the breakfast-type casserole. Other than that, too many damn lines, greasy bacon and potatoes, rubbery/watery/artificial eggs, watered down o.j., rubbery crepes, mushy waffles, "off tasting" pecan pie, and on and on.One of the worst things I could say about this place is that Home Town Buffet is a step up (if you're familiar with this restaurant I speak of, and you disagree, then the Circus Circus Buffet may be the place for you).A pretty basic buffet and probably the worst in town but it's cheap and there was enough here for a decent breakfast.  The kids liked it and it's definitely family friendly.Yes the food is average tending to low. My wife agrees with most people here that the best item from this buffet is the fried shrimp.As for me, I liked the fried chicken. I don't eat it that much but the pieces I had were pretty good, though a bit salty.Tried lunch buffet today, heading tomorrow for breakfast. We got a really cheap all-inclusive package so buffet is included.Can't agree about lines, dude, the place was really empty today. Then again it was Wednesday.Just a Ho-Hum run of the mill buffet. Nothing good, only food to keep you going for your gambling hours. It cost two adults $30.25 for the buffet. So uneventful...it was like watching a Kevin Kostner movie...they are usually long and tedious with lots of little things here and there but nothing awesome that sticks with you.Circus Circus has one of the most tragic buffets in Vegas.  (Probably next to that Railroad Casino buffet.  Please see my review for a detailed description of that hot mess.)  Luckily, my dad got enough points to comp part of this meal.  Otherwise, I woulda opted to eat at the Auntie Ann's or a Nathan's hot dog.  Or a bag of chips.  Or a Red Bull.  It's like Old Country Buffet, basically.  There were some highlights - like the mashed potatoes and jello.  But...that's about it.  I think the interior is exactly the same as it was when I was 9 and came here for the first time.  Pass!Terrible!!!   Don't waste your money here.Remove box of frozen food items, microwave, place on serving trays. TahDah!I have been to the breakfast and dinner multiple times, the only reason this gets a 2 is because its all you can eat, and it has never made me sick before.Staff is unhappy, and some have an attitude like they are in a rush or you are bothering them. The line to amount of open tables does not make sense.The food has about as much flavor as cardboard. It reminds me of my college dining hall. Thank god for BBQ sauce,

2. Their gel manicure has come off within a week every time I've gotten it done here.  EVERY TIME!  For $25, I want it to last 2 weeks, which is how long it's supposed to last.  I've gotten gel manicures at other nail places that last about 3 weeks if I don't redo them.

I would order the flautas again but will skip the chimi's.Just had these guys food via take out at work. mild and bland. Beans were runny.little flavor from the enchiladas. Definitely recommend carrumbas or macayos over these guys.Let me explain why this place deserves no more than 3 stars:They shout customer orders over a loud speaker like you are getting a wake-up call via the 1MC on a US Navy ship.  No, that is not a good thing!  Plus, it is crowded, packed, and very loud.People seem to come here for the cheap food ($5-6 per order), but you get what you pay for.  Carolina's West personnel throw bland food in a styrofoam carton and expect you to be content with some various combinations of lettuce, beans, cheese, and tortillas.  The taste is totally bland.Abuelos, which is just a couple miles to the north, is a much better option for Mexican food.  Don't say that I didn't warn you!!!Went here the other day with the family, I had heard their food is great. I have got to quit listening to these folks!!! This place blows!! The food is very bland the chili sauce is more than mild. The tacos which I had were cold and tasteless, the enchilada sauce was more like mole sauce?? did not expect that. Beans were okay but that was about it oh I almost forgot the chorizo was pretty good other than that the folks who give this high marks obviously have never had real Mexican food.As I read other reviews about this place, I've come to realized that I might have ordered the wrong items because I was disappointed with my entire meal!

The pizza tasted like casino buffet pizza, the wings, I can get at any bowling alley or PT's or any hole-in-the-wall, one of the driest spaghetti's I've ever had.

* Too few computer stations

Always double-check your receipt!Mediocre for the price.Eek me thinks not is right!   Having been in Montreal for a few weeks i was blown away by how often someone randomly urged us to try poutine as if it was God's grandmothers fresh baked apple pie or something.   We'd tried it at the burger king, but after two bites we returned it.  Everyone insisted that was no way to try poutine and we needed to go somewhere legit. like LBP's.   so, we trekked through the rain for a plate of the italianne and boy where we disappointed.   No one told us that you had to be shit faced to like it.  But when have you ever seen a shit faced  picky eater??  Never.     I'll try some fancy poutine next time at Banquise or whatever, but unless i'm wasted, this is just gravy slop on shitty fries.I suppose that's what you can expect for the very reasonable prices. Food heavy on fat, light on taste, and cavernous decor.Good for a group looking to eat quality food on the cheap, but not for much else.2.5 StarNam Quan looks like a perfect hole in the wall restaurant in middle of no where (at least for out of town people like me) with promising of amazing Vietnamese food.Arriving late at 8:30 pm on a weekday and the place was packed! We ended up waiting for around 15 minute for a table to open up. A wait for table?! This was really promising.Imperial Rolls (Ch gi)? Small little spring rolls bite size for the "imperial" family? Not even made with rice paper wrapping. I would not recommend that.Summer Roll was refreshing and quite decent.Pho broth has a good herb flavour and love the subtle taste. However my Bun Bo Hue (Vietnamese Spicy Beef Noodle Soup) was just disappointing. Everything was a little off but this maybe my personal preference.I am glad that I did not make a special trip coming here by transit as we had a rental car for the day. PS Cleanliness maybe an issue but what I did not see I guess I don't really know. My friends were trying to tell me something about the red chili.. I kind of tuned them out....My husband and I are staying here with our two year old for several days on vacation and it wasn't as good as I was expecting, but it's not completely awful. The best part about it is the free parking and the free Internet as well as it's close proximity to the former Olympic Park along with the Biodome, Botanical Gardens, etc.Check in went very well, especially considering we didn't get here until nearly 10pm.  The front desk staff, that night, were very welcoming and polite, especially for 2 Americans who don't speak a word of French. We did call down the first night to ask for a sheet for the pack and play/crib and two days later still haven't received it. My husband packed a full size light blanket, so we've just been using that instead. Their "breakfast buffet" is a joke, especially at $9.99 per person. We only went the first morning, but that was all we needed to make it clear it's not worth it. They only served scrambled eggs, bacon and sausage, home fries (the best part of the whole shebang) and some really sad looking pancakes.  They also had two cold cereal options and coffee/orange juice.  The wait staff was nice enough. We're in an unrenovated room because we read that the renovated rooms aren't large enough to put a crib in and we definitely needed one.  The beds are comfy enough and the room is large enough for the 3 of us, but the bathroom is pretty bad. I'm pretty short (5'3") and the shower head is pretty much perfect for me.  My husband is pretty tall (6'3") and it's pretty low for him.  The room has a small refrigerator in it, which is awesome because we travelled with a cooler of drinks and some food, but it also allowed us to get some breakfast type foods to keep in our room for the mornings. All in all, I suppose I would stay here again if I was looking for a decent place that wouldn't cost an arm and a leg for an extended stay. If it was just a few days, I'd look for a nicer place with all the creature comforts for a person with first world type problems, like shower heads being too low.As other reviewers have noted there is a big difference between the renovated rooms and the old renovated rooms at this hotel.Although apparently the walls are paper thin in both. This is not a great hotel but the water pressure in the showers impressed me enough to offer 2 stars. Seriously it was like a pressure washer.This hotel is relatively inexpensive (based on a very quick search before a spontaneous trip) and our room was actually quite nice. Based on other reviews I can assume this means we got one of the renovated rooms, which must have been a stroke of luck.On the downside, the location isn't convenient to much, the staff is curt and not particularly competent, and the wifi was completely unusable--during the three days of our stay connection speeds ranged from zero to barely 1 megabit per second, with constant failures. The staff was unhelpful and unapologetic about this. I realize that it's hard to get a good signal into every room of a large building ... but if you promise it, you have to do it. Don't treat us like troublemakers when we're not getting a service we paid for. There were other administrative screw-ups that led to us complaining (uh ... why are we locked out of our rooms? We're booked for another day). These problems were resolved, but again unapologetically. The staff attitude was that they were doing us a favor. Be prepared to use the stairs if you stay here. It's a 7 story hotel with a large floorplan, and it's serviced by a single elevator. It is neither a large nor a fast elevator. If you are unable to walk stairs, be prepared to budget 10 minutes of your life for every trip to or from the lobby. Montreal is awesome. Next time I'll planning ahead and will try to use Air B&B.Dception... Le service tait presque mauvais. Nous tions un groupe et il manquait une chaise.. Nous avons d NOUS-MEME aller chez Starbucks en emprunter une.... Lorsque venu le temps de boire notre champagne vintage, il manquait au moins 5 verres  champagne bien que nous avions avis le Resto lors de la rservation, que nous en boirions. On nous a demand de "baisser le ton"  plusieurs reprises alors que la table derrire nous faisait autant, sinon plus de bruit. Et finalement, je cherche toujours le "latino-amricain" dans ce que j'ai mang.... Malheureux car le Resto est mignon.....This really made a splash when it opened a couple of years ago. A Thai restaurant in an immigrate neighbourhood who mostly eats at home.When they started, the food was superb. The curry was delicate and fragrant.Then the sushi bar appeared.It was obvious they weren't breaking even and the food, the service and the experience have suffered.I still recommend their chicken salad ( serve with mint, cucumbers and nuts) but always take it to go.We had reserved for a group of 18 people. When you are over a certain number of guests in a group, the "policy" is that you have to order a minimum of $25 or they charge you $25 if your order does not amount to it. One of our guests was not agreeing with this as he just wanted one main dish which was $14. When he voiced his disagreement, the manager was called over and he was very rude and confrontational. He said that if our guest does not order for $25 he will ask him to leave. I have never seen this policy in my life before and I think it's utterly ridiculous. Just sounds like the restaurant is not making enough money.This is really not anything special. Problem is... All the breakfast restaurants blow in this area. The service is bad, the hostess is insane, and the food is reeaaaaaaaallllyyy average.WAY TOO LOUD.... I SAID... WAY TO LOUD. Plus the sammiches are not what they used to be. Sure they cleaned up the restaurant, looks less divey but the food is what took a dive. I remember having a sammich there and wanting to stuff my face with 3 more... Now it's mostly condiments and less target-hitting. When I want a sausage sammich, I want the sausage pipping hot and preferably juicy instead of slightly warm and drier than a desert. Ain't what it used to be.I've had some really good meals here in Montreal, but not at Madison's.  It was a long day in the office, so really wasn't in the mood for a steak and I love red meat.  Tired, away from home I guess I just wanted something comforting and not too heavy since it was already after 8 pm.  I ordered a NYC baked potato - sour cream, garlic, bacon and avocado (still can't figure out what those toppings have to do with New York City) and a side salad with a ginger lime dressing.  My co worker had a club sandwich and some spinach dip with chips.  The food arrived in short order - not even 1/2 the tables were seated so it should have come out of the kitchen fast.The potato had been in hot hold for a bit too long as the inside had begun to turn color a little.  The taste was ok, and the toppings were sparingly adorned on top of the slightly split open potato.  The salad was dressed, dressing was nice, but it was just romaine, a few scattered julienned carrots and a couple pieces of purple cabbage.  Nothing special, just meh.Here is the shining star of this restaurant...our waiter!  He was attentive, oh so happy to have us in his section, not offended that we were not ordering the 16 oz T-bone and said "let me just read the specials off to you in case you change your mind."  Hello....he was nothing short of stellar!There are several Madison's around Montreal...so I don't know if this particular location was having an off night, or the quality of the food just sucks overall.So, my client in Montreal decided to take a New Yorker to a place called "Madison's NY Bar & Grill". I knew from the beginning that this wasn't going to be a 5 Yelp experience, and it wasn't. I'll keep this one brief:Restaurant:

  She got hysterical and informed me that it was a FELONY. I walked away.The place has potential but with so few stores and the fact that it is so hard to find parking, it is really lame.  They should have waited until it was complete to open it.If you have 10-15 minutes to kill, take a look at this new shopping area. It has beautiful architectural design, but with only the first phase opening, they are somewhat limited on retail and dining options. If you want to dine with friends, try a little later in the evening, say after 7, to find an available table...older crowd is usually there in the early evening. This place will be incredible once the recession improves and future phases begin to open.Tivioli is beautiful and I give them credit for getting the place open.  They don't really seem ready for prime time just yet. We had a terrible dinner at Petra. They had a band on the street that was way, way too loud.  After dinner we stopped in Cafe Leon hoping to forget the bad dinner.  The desert I ordered tasted like it might have had booze in it. I asked the server to check if that was the case. She said she would and never came back. She avoided eye contact every time she walked by us after that.  I hope they get it together there. It is worth stopping in to see.  Just avoid Petra.Tivoli Square is beautiful, but ultimately boring.  Very few people were there on a Friday afternoon and I was disappointed by the selection of shops.  There was a nice (but small) children's area with a fountain and play structures.  I realize that this shopping center is a work in progress, but at this time it seems especially unpolished.  My trip here was a waste of time.Hmn, there's not a whole lot to say about this place.  It's beautiful, yeah but lacks....fun and things to do.  Twelve of us went there tonight.  Six grown ups, er "big kids" and six little princesses.  (My god there were so many little people...)  ANYWAY, we hit this place up after Cheesecake Factory.  It was lame.  There was, I believe one bar that was open and a band that was playing outside (not a good one at that).  There's a little kiddie park but your better off taking the kids to McDonald's. It had very little for the kids to do.  One slide with some attachments (stairs and pole and whatever)...eh, I don't even want to waste my time writing about what little they had for the kids...of all ages. I was not impressed in the least.  (Just in case you couldn't tell.)  This place needs to take some notes from Town Square....more bars, restaurants, snack areas and a real park/splash pad.I have gone there 3 times, all on different days of the week and times and it's still FAIL. There is really nothing to do, outside of eating and shopping at places that you get at any other place in Las Vegas. Nothing new, nothing exciting and unique. Once you park and walk in, you start to get excited because the architecture and scene is nice and looks the part. But after walking for about 5 more minutes, you realize that there is nothing else to see. I think they are wayyy behind Town Square. Actually, I will bypass this place and go to Town Square for family fun and entertainment. At least T.S has a movie theater, better name brand shopping and restaurants. I would rank Tivoli and The District equal to each other. I will give them one more chance to keep me as a customer. They have to give the locals something else that we haven't seen.Tivoli Village is like a cheap  present that was was wrapped in extravagant paper and tied with a fancy bow. It looks lovely from the outside, but once you get in to see what's there, it's a disappointment.My first and only visit to Tivoli Village was this Monday evening for a Yelp event at one of the restaurants. I arrived a few hours early, thinking I'd do a little shopping to kill some time. Nope, that wasn't going to happen. Not in a "shopping" center that is almost all eateries and hardly any actual stores! There are literally only a dozen stores here, well, 13 if you count the Land Rover dealership (like the website does). To compare Tivoli Village to The District is a joke, and to compare it to Town Square is an insult to Town Square! A year ago, when Tivoli opened, the lack of stores was understandable. It has been open for almost a year now though, it's definitely time the developers do something to get more of the storefronts filled. What a waste of a beautifully designed and built shopping center.I really wasn't impressed with this place. There just wasn't a lot of substance. It's really just restaurant village and the shopping aspect seems to have been an afterthought as there isn't much available to keep you entertained. I came here for my first (and most likely my last) visit to attend a Yelp event. I hadn't really had much interest in coming here before, mostly due to the reviews from friends that there wasn't much to offer. Tivoli is pretty and sparkly but there just isn't a lot to do here unless you are coming here just to eat.I wanted to check this place out for about 5 minutes, to see what stores were there. I biked Tivoli from my home, which is a block away. Was immediately turned off by a bicycle security guard who told me (on bicycle) I was not allowed to bicycle around the complex.... which was empty. Some security hazard I must be.I probably would have locked my bike, but sadly, there was no place to lock it. Apparently, they only care about their fancy older customers who can afford valet parking, and not those of us who actually live in this neighborhood and contribute to the local economy every day.I'll spend my money elsewhere.Total disappointment, I was expecting something really cool, like town square or the grove....or even La Centra like in Katy, TX...but NOPE, charming charlies is okay, but really over priced, the resturants are nice, but I'd rather go into Boca Park next door.Hopefully they'll lower their overhead to get more stores in there!1. This place is far.

Price - OVERPRICED!!!We ordered boneless chicken wings and fried pickles. Not enough breading on the pickles, but the food was fine. The waitress did have large "Hooters" and wore her shirt as tight as possible. That's pretty much where her assets end. She had no personality and even less knowledge on providing service. The 10 ounce beers on draft were served in a plastic cup for a mere $4.50 each. The 10 ounce margaritas were also served in a plastic cup and you could have as many as you want for $7.50 each. Really? I know it's Vegas and there are no deals anymore, but those prices are really outrageous. There are better margaritas (16 ounces) at Jimmy Buffett's Margaritaville for $7.00Bad #1 Check-in.  had no idea how to enter our reservations in computer,  so we could get our vouchers for free breakfast and so we never got it.   #2 Dirty halls and unmaintained guest rooms. #3 Different drink prices thru same hotel all run by hooters. #4 No free internet. #5 One pool is ice cold. #6 Does not follow up on complaints. #7 No one wins at slot machines. #8 Ghetto towels for pool so you don't steal them. #9. Parking garage is just filthy. #10.  There is no manager it just runs itself!Good #1 Security.  #2 Price of room when on special. # 3 Good music outside at the one heated pool. #4 Lots of Hooter girls #5 Onion restaurant specials and service  Note: Will probably never go back. Worth the extra money to go elsewhere.When you think of Las Vegas, you think of bigger and over-the-top, but prepare yourself for disappointment upon entering the Hooters Restaurant in the Hooters Casino.  To put it best: it's an ordinary Hooters restaurant that happens to be in Vegas, as opposed to being the "Vegas Hooters."  Expect your typical Hooters experience but in a drearier setting because the Hooters Casino is a bit dingy, and with so many other places to visit for cheap greasy food this place is usually very quiet.In my opinion, Hooters should consider putting more money into the location and making it a Vegas destination.  There are other places with better looking waitresses and cheap food/drinks, so why limit one's self to this hole in the wall location?  In Vegas, there are too many options for attractive waitresses to be stuck at this place - that's the feeling that I got during my visits.  There is nothing wrong with the place and it is your typical Hooters experience, but shouldn't the expectations be higher in Vegas?  I have been to several Hooters restaurants throughout California, and have been to the Vegas location 3-4 times.  I actually stayed at the hotel on one occasion during a last minute Vegas trip when my usual places were booked, so I have a thorough perspective of the hotel, bar, casino, and restaurant.  The Vegas Hooters isn't bad but it really can't compete with the other Vegas options.  The casino and bar area is sad and depressing, but the rooms are super cheap and better than the local roach motels.  I'm a guy that likes wings, beers, and stealing glances at the waitresses, but in Vegas, there are so many nicer places for the same cost, that I can't really recommend the restaurant unless you've never been to a Hooters restaurant before.  It's not bad, but there is no energy and the vibe is nonexistent.  This location is average when compared to other Hooters locations, but less than average when compared to other options in the area.The location is great. The room rates are great for what you get. The service is awful! Aren't the Hooters girls supposed to be nice to customers?? The only good service was in the restaurant... and it wasn't even the Hooters restaurant!GF and I visited in Oct 2011.  The service was ok, but NO happy hour specials? As a chain, you would expect that all the restaurants would be the same.  Wings were standard fare.  Didn't like the location, should be more central.  The slots in the casino where the restaurant is did pay-out nicely though!Three things:

Although we did decided to stay and try it out, considering there were only two other diners there--it was another HUGE disappointment.  I ordered the Andouille Sausage, Parpadalle, & Vodka Sauce w/side salad.  The salad was simply spinach leaves, two blackberries and a smidge of feta cheese.  I wasn't even able to eat my pasta because the vodka sauce was VERY bitter, which my friend tried and agreed was bitter.  I ended up having to just pick the few pieces of sausage out so I could get my $8 worth.  LOL.  My friend ordered the Shrimp, Pesto Cheddar Sauce, & Fettuccini, which was average, but nothing special.  The server clearly saw I didn't touch my pasta, but didn't bother asking if we enjoyed our meals.  I think she was too preoccupied with being an Angry Annie.  Combined with the bad service and poor quality of food, I will not be returning to this restaurant and will make sure to inform all of my friends, family and coworkers not to bother wasting their time.UPDATE: I was able to confirm with Groupon that there were absolutely no exclusions of times you could or could not use the Groupon.  Fortunately, Groupon likes to keep their customers happy and refunded me the purchase price of the Groupon.European Fusion? This is not - try Bohemian.

I give the Toms in Mesa Five Stars. Just not this location in Chandler.It was alright. We did takeout. Waited inside the restaurant, the atmosphere was definitely lackluster. Felt a little cheap. What I really care about is the food... which unfortunately, was just OK.Ordered the pulled pork and the brisket, neither really tasted fresh. The BBQ sauces were awesome, however.I'd give it another shot, but won't go out of my way for it.Very salty and seemed as if it was prepared from a crockpot.  Never see any smoke come from the place - how do you BBQ in a strip mall?   Hmmm.The main reason I ever go here is because they have fresh cut fries. Their food is so-so for me and the BBQ sauce is not very enjoyable. I always hope I am remembering the quality of the food wrong but end up being disappointed again.We tried Tom's BBQ for the first time.  Not the best BBQ I have ever had.  Not the worst BBQ I have ever had.   The ribs were ok but not a lot of meat on them.  The rest of the meat was salty.  Corn was terrible as also the mash potatoes and gravy, real bad.  The rolls were fresh and the BBQ beans were very good.  The Lady who took our order was very pleasant.  The place itself is bland but they do have a tv with sports.  I have to agree with someone else's comment, how do you smoke meat in a strip mall?  If I was at the strip mall and hungry I might go back, maybe for a hamburger but I would not drive out of my way for the BBQ.One of my least favorite BBQ places:( I live in the area, and used to go here once a month or so. Every time I would order takeout, I would get home and find something wrong or missing in my order. Not to mention that it isn't cheap, but the quality of the food is below sub-par. I love a good BBQ pork sandwich, and this tastes like it came out of a plastic tub then microwaved. Not a $9/10 sandwich. The last time I ate here I got food poisoning, and that was it for me. I haven't been there in over a year, I would rather go to Taco Bell...Ordered the pulled pork, it was very fatty and the pork was overcooked to mush.  Mc & cheese was comparable to velvetta boxed stuff.  Coleslaw was ok, nothing to get excited about.  Unfortunately not worth the money in my opinion.  Joe's BBQ on Gilbert Rd is way better and everything is home made,Lovely store with a nice selection of Prada goods.  I was Christmas shopping and the sales lady was very helpful with her suggestions.  However, I was asked what I did for a living, and she began to pry even further into my occupation.  I have never been asked this question while shopping at a high-end store, so I was definitely taken aback.  Is this normal?  It can't be. Who does that?  In slight paranoia, I began thinking that since I didn't fit the visual profile of a corporate exec, rapper, stripper, or trophy wife, she couldn't figure out why I was (or could be) shopping there, and her curiosity got the best of her.  In Julia Roberts' Pretty Woman words, "Big mistake."  I went elsewhere.This was Terribles and just recently changed their name and had their grand opening. We were there for it and it really didn't seem like much as going on. They had a week long celebration of giveaways but after those were done nothing much happened during the week. It's off the strip but walking distance if you're up for that. However, to us it was not worth the trip. The casino was dark and didn't look very new or updated, however, I can't be a great judge of this since I had not been to it when it was Terribles. The only promotion for new players was $5 slot play. The had some newer machines but a lot were older and I had trouble getting my free play to work on them. We stayed and played our free play, threw in a few more bucks, and then headed back to the strip. Not worth a trip unless you happen to be driving by it.Booked a hotel stay here through Priceline.com

The food was done on time.

shepherd's pie = this was not shepherd's pie it was cottage pie and it was bland, tasteless, boring!

- Pizza (pepperoni, combo, cheese, veggie - overall very bready)

This years' trip took us to the Monte Carlo.  I booked our trip through Southwest Airlines Jackpot Deals.  I have to say I expected more from my stay at the Monte Carlo and was so disappointed that I called Southwest Airlines Jackpot Deals two days into our trip (we were staying for a total of 4 nights and 5 days) and asked if we could change hotels.  After the Southwest Airlines Rep spoke with Monte Carlo Reservations, we were told we could move to a different hotel and that we would receive a refund for the remaining time we would have stayed at the Monte Carlo.

Get it together or find me another breakfast spot please ....  Very disappointingThree strikes and you're out.  Nine strikes and the inning's over.This location's problems are mostly of its own making but the intense foot traffic only exacerbates them.The bagels are usually acceptable but, compared to other locations, occasionally skimpy and/or undercooked.Unfortunately, staff turnover at this store seems to be a way of life and through circumstance or choice they are shorthanded by at least one counter person every visit.  The predictable result is long waits.  Placing the coffee urns behind the counter means yet more delays as staff must do the pouring.  They've got plenty of room at the coffee/tea station and it's well past time to move the coffee urns out there even if it means hauling them back to make fresh coffee occasionally, just as Panera et al must do.This store really is the devil's candy - great location, expansive seating area, outdoor tables - but the slowness of service invariably causes one to ask 'Why bother?' especially when other Bruegger's locations without these problems are nearby.Every time I come here I am disappointed. Today I was the only customer in the store and the guy behind the counter said he could not handle food and the only employee out of three working at the time was in the safe and would be a few minutes. I walked out because I was not in a mood to wait for what probably would have been lackluster anyway. They never toast the bagels to my desired degree of darkness, despite any description I can imagine, like "stop before it catches fire". I only went back today because it was really early and they're close to where I live and none of the other cafs were open yet.  Also, they sell day old bagels at a discount which is nice but the packages don't state what kind they are, so you just have to guess.I received a coupon for a $10 test drive and thought I'd give it a shot.  You get to try each of the 4 levels of beds they have within a 7 day period. I know tanning is bad but I rarely do it and didn't want to get burned on an upcoming beach trip.My trial went really well until the final day when the girl didn't do a good job of recommending the time for a brand new level 3 bed which left me completely burnt. This is my health we are talking about here and all she was concerned with was selling me a package. Day 1 - I signed up and was talked into buy lotion even though I had some. My own fault but from then on, the girl was beyond nice to me.  I tried the level 1 bed for 7 mins. After my face a slightly red but nothing major. Day 3 - I tried the level 2 bed and the same girl was nice enough to recommend I try 8 mins but cover my face if it starts to feel hot. I did and i ended up with a little but of redness on my chest as well but again nothing major.Day 5 - I walked in and the place was packed. After waiting for 10 mins, I decided I would run some errands and stop back after. When I got back, all the level 3 beds were full so I did the level 4 bed. She recommended since I was red at 8 mins in the level 2 that I try 7 mins in the level 4 bed. It worked out perfectly. i covered my face and chest when they started to get hot like she recommended and came out with out any redness. Day 7 - My last day. since I had not tried the level 3 bed that is what i had left to do. This time it was a different girl. I told her i wanted to do level 3 and that 7 mins in the level 4 was fine but 8 in the level 2 was too much. So would 7 mins in the 3 be okay. She asked how i liked my lotion and if i wanted to try anything else. Then tried to sell me a package. I told her i wanted to think about it and she was quick to say okay your set in room 3. This is where everything went wrong. I left the salon feeling okay but with in hours could tell I was burned. Besides my face and chest where i had covered it part of the time I was completely burnt. You can completely tell where the bed does not get like my sides were not red at all. The issue with paying your staff on commission is that customer service often goes out the window when all they care about is selling. But I take great offense when my health is jeopardized because of someones carelessness. Needless to say I wont go back.I had a coupon for free tanning for a week or 20% off a package.  I never tan so I just wanted to use the free week before going to the beach for my anniversary.  The young skinny girl at the counter was so passive aggressive when I told her I didn't want a package nor did I want lotion.  She asked me at least ten times (seriously) if I wanted to buy lotion and I said no each time.  The GM was standing beside her (checking someone in at the adjacent computer) the entire time this conversation took place so he was aware of how she was speaking to me.  I would have walked out on the 10th time she asked if it weren't for the free coupon.  She told me she would lose her job if I got burned and that I NEEDED lotion. (Lotions have 0 SPF).  I did not buy lotion.Anyways, I wish I would have left when she was so rude because when I got out of the tanning bed I hit my pinky toe on an old rusty doorstop that wasn't even functional because the tanning bed blocked to door from opening enough to actually hit the door stop.  It totally gashed my toe open and when I came out I told the girl who checked me in.  She barely made eye contact as she said "sorry" and continued gathering used towels and glasses.  My toe was soaked in blood.After calling corporate I was offered a free month long package by the GM who was very pleasant (hence the 2 stars, not 1).  He said he would remove the doorstop immediately but I never checked to see if he did.  Anyways, if you go (but I wouldn't)... Watch your toes and be firm when you say no to a lotion or package... And be prepared to say no 157 times.First off, the salon itself is very nice and clean. The tanning beds are also extremely nice. However, that's where the nice ends.The staff at this location are the snobbiest and most pushy staff of any PBT I've ever visited. I went in for a spray tan, and asked the skinny blonde guy at the front why I'd gotten spots on my arm from my previous spray tan there. Mind you, I've spray tanned many times before and never gotten these spots. He proceeds to try and persuade me to buy $50 lotions - not tanning lotions, just moisturizers. When I refuse each time, he turns to the girl working next to him and says, "I think I've found the problem." Implying that, after I pay $50 a month for unlimited spray tans that I am cheap for not wanting to buy an overpriced moisturizer from him. I get that they are trained to try and make additional sales, but he was beyond rude and pushy. Also, why should it be necessary to spend another $50 in addition to my monthly membership for their spray tan system to work properly?This is a nice location, but the attitude of the staff there is so unpleasant. They shouldn't try and make customers feel bad for not buying into their sales pitch.The nice salon and monthly promotions are what got me to go in and check it out. But I regret ever going in because the staff is SO PUSHY. I'm not sure if they make commission off selling their products or what, but it took me about 20 minutes to explain to them that I don't need their $75 face moisturizer. I finally ended up buying a bottle of their cheaper lotion ($45) just to get them to stop talking (by the way you can buy any of the same lotions on Amazon for 1/4 of the price..) Also, I saw an ad for a 19.99 month and when I asked about it, the girl told me they aren't doing it anymore (yet it's on the website?) and somehow convinced me to do the 35 dollar membership. Fine, whatever! Throughout my membership period (3 months) the staff would keep aggressively trying to sell me products or upgrade my membership which was annoying. They would also straight up ignore you for 10 minutes when you walked in while they talked amongst themselves. Come on now, people!When it came time to cancel my membership, they were trying to talk me out of it and avoiding it at all costs. It's like they argued with me about it. Awkward. The tanning overall was fine because the facilities are nice and clean. But the staff is just kind of rude...It would be swell if you guys listed phone numbers that either: A. People actually answer. OrB. Had an a voicemail that tells me something/anything about whether or not you are open today.It's annoying that you have a phone number listed that I have called many times for nothing.  You are a business right?!?!Ton of selection here, but the few times I've been in here I got the 'stare-down' from employees and I waited for them to approach me to see if I had any questions.  After some browsing on my own, no one wanted to help me so I just left.  I felt like they were watching me the whole time too.It's one thing if the store is busy, I can understand not being friendly and helpful, but I really felt like I was not welcomed there at all.  It may have been an "off" day for some employees so I will give them another shot (4th time's the charm right?)This bike shop has a lot to offer when it comes to bikes. The shop is awesome as well. The one thing I noticed immediately though was the price gouging. I will not be paying $350 to get fit on a bike. Yes thats right, thats the going rate at this shop.I took my bike in for a tune up. The work on the bike was fine, but the staff I dealt with treated me like I was an idiot or a liar when I explained that the seat bag that was on the bike when I dropped it off had not been put back on. After a call to the manager, they finally found the bag, but I had to make a second trip to the shop to get it. I appreciated the manager's attention to the problem, but the service person's attitude turned what could have been a minor problem into a major one. I'm going to look for a shop where customer relations are a higher priority.My husband and I have spent thousands of dollars on bikes from BikeSource over the years.  Most recently we purchased a specialized mountain bike for our daughter for her 10th birthday.  After adding a drink holder, bell and kickstand, our purchase was over $500.  Unfortunately, the new bike was stolen from our garage ten days later.  I decided to replace the bike for our daughter and went to BikeSource this past Saturday.  After explaining what happened, I asked the person helping us to look up the size and model bike so we could purchase a replacement.  I paid for the bike, ran a few errands while the bike was being prepared, and it wasn't until we got home that we discovered there was no kickstand.  After calling to complain about this oversight, I was told to bring the bike in the next day.   So I loaded the bike back in my car, drove to the store to have the kickstand installed and was charged $6 for the inconvenience.  I don't mind paying for quality, but I refuse to be nickel & dimed in the process. I hope the $6 was worth losing a customerI was very disappointed with my egg salad sandwich. It was over priced and tasteless. I read a review about how good it was so I had to go there and give it a try. Really, $4.50 for that? The potato salad was pretty awful also. Just not for me I guess. The service was friendly so I'll give 2 stars for that at least.We went here for lunch the other day.  It was busy, and seemed like a lot of business people came here for lunch. I took that as a good sign, since they chose to come to Portofino's over several good options pretty close by.  Unfortunately, I don't agree with their choice.  Our waiter was friendly enough, kind of a low talker, but otherwise the service was fine. We had the buffalo mozzarella and tomatoes for an appetizer.  It was good, though I would have real issues with a restaurant that could mess THAT up.  For lunch, I ordered the Ravioli special, my husband had a chicken parmesan sub and my mom-in-law had a salad with salmon and their house dressing.  My meal bordered on gross.  It looked like they had taken all of the different ravioli left over from dinner the night before, put them on a plate, then smothered them in a creamy basil sauce with way too many olives and roasted red peppers, so that they were unrecognizable.  There was way too much going on on that plate.  I like all of the things separately, but together, none of the flavors were distinguishable when it was all together.  There were heart-shaped mushroom ravioli, huge round meat-pie ravioli, smaller round cheese ravioli, and square sausage ravioli.  Doesn't that sound like whatever they had left over was what went on the plate?  The sauce was really gross looking: vomit-like in color and texture.  The salad looked fresh, and got reviews of "good."  Jim's sandwich was good as well, though he said he would get something else next time.  The table next to us ordered pizza, which looked good.  I'll probably try that if we go back.The other thing about Portofino's that I didn't like, was the noise level.  Normally in a restaurant, even a busy one, I can concentrate on our conversation and not hear others (unless I was trying :) ).  But this was a very loud lunchtime service, so I wouldn't recommend going there for a business meeting that you would like to pay attention to, or an intimate lunchtime date.You know how after you eat something not very good--you're angry you wasted calories?  I'm very sorry to say my husband and I both felt that way after tonight's take-out from Portofino's. Let me preface this review by saying...I RARELY give 2 stars.  I always feel if it's a locally owned establishment, it deserves a few tries. But unfortunately, just based on food alone, this dinner deserved the low rating. The restaurant had a 45 minute wait on a Friday night, so we got a large Margherita pizza and some chicken parmesan to go.  We tore into the paper bags and the pizza box, and to our surprise...the pizza had completely MELTED.  We hadn't tipped the box or shifted it in-transit at all.  It was flat and pretty still sitting on the floor of the car.Cheese was everywhere. Oil was seeping from the box.Not just a little oil seepage, but the Exxon-Valdez had just spilled and permeated the box.  That takes a heck-uv-a lot of oil to penetrate a thick corrugated pizza box. I was starving, and ate two of the massive slices.  They weren't bad...I mean the flavor was there (this is not really all that authentic tasting...since there was no fresh mozz on the pie at all) but again, my mouth was coated in grease after each bite, and honestly, had I not been so hungry, I would have thrown it all away. Actually, after that, we threw everything away. As for the chicken parm, we were underwhelmed.  It was forgettable.  No distinct flavor, just the standard chicken parm. The breadstick that was just leftover dough, twisted into a shape and baked.  It could have passed for a bloated pizza crust. I could knock on it..like knock-knock-breadstick...The salad, was equally as weak.  Romaine lettuce, red onion rings, shredded carrots, green olives...there was nothing special about this salad.  In fact, it was a bit wet as if someone didn't spin the salad spinner long enough after washing.  The dressing one Yelper called "amazing"-- was a creamy orange nothing.  It added nothing to the salad. GAHH!  I'm so mad at this meal...just writing about it makes me frustrated! The price, over $30 with tax...and frankly, after I told my co-workers, two of them said "Why did you go there?"--one guy said the pizza was made from a pre-formed pizza shell.  (Not sure if this is true...) Another woman told me, for the money, you could get TWO pizzas at another joint 5 minutes away. Sigh.  I'd like to be fair and try this place again...but after the oil slick in my stomach right now, I think I'd rather not.Walked away disappointed. Thought I was going to get the whole Italian experience but yet it's that "New York" Italian kinda place.I have discovered I don't like NY style pizza- crust on pizza should be crisp & I hold it's shape- chewy doughy crust is gross in my humble opinion- but thats just the southern in me.Anyway onto the experience:

(Studio b -m resort unlimited drink included in $24.99 dinner buffet price) 2.They say they serve 2nd drink only when u are done with 1st one ( studio b you can drink all u want whenever u want)3. You can only order drinks only for 2 hrs

NEVER arrange to meet friends at Giuseppe's for supper .  They don't take reservations and your party can easily cool your heels for very long times.

-taylor

- Far from the actionMy review is for my time spent specifically in the convention center. It was clean, the staff was very helpful the entire time. I enjoyed the little things like lotion and mouthwash in the bathrooms. My on,y complaint is that it seemed like so many people got sick from the food and different times over the 8 days there. The girl sitting next to me actually cut into a pink piece of chicken one of the days! By the end of my time there all we trusted was the bread. There definitely needs to be some kind of review done of the kitchens back there.Atmosphere was ok.  Service all around was pretty sad.  Rooms were average.  Overall disappointed in the hotel.Really, really good looking hotel. Besides that, I would not make this my regular go-to spot in Vegas.We were staying in a smoking room and I felt that the attention to detail may have been lacking just because of that factor. The headboard, while pretty, was covered in dust which created a cloud as soon as we hopped into bed. The corners of carpet by the nightstand needed a vacuum.  The glass doors of the toilet enclosure didn't align property so going to the loo was announced with a loud Klang every time. But the bed was comfy and the housecoats were a treat to wear.Getting food and drinks in the hotel was pretty pricy, even Skybar which is the burger bar type thing was a little on the high side. DO NOT buy drinks at the pool bar, bring your own from elsewhere as the margaritas we bought were $19 EACH. Ouch. Do not bother with the hotel buffet either. It was certainly not the culinary highlight of the weekend. Most items were odd, soggy, and cold. If I had been hung-over, I would have felt really gross afterwards. Lastly, whatever you do, DO NOT MOVE ANYTHING IN THE MINIBAR. They have this ridiculous scammy fee that if you put anything of your own into the minibar, they charge you a $50 fee. I had put in a water bottle before my boyfriend noticed this, and even though everything had been put back, they still tried to charge us for the most expensive item in there, even though nothing had been consumed. We had to do the whole speak to the manager thing when we checked out, and while he did remove the fee, it was time consuming when we just wanted to get out and catch our flight. I got the impression that the whole M.O. was to nickel and dime and sneak in fees. Fine if you like arguing, but I don't and hate the dishonesty of the whole attitude. Location wise, it's also kinda tucked away from the strip. Fine if you want to stay exclusively at the hotel and casino, but if you want to get out and explore, it's quite a convoluted walk to get out.While its price defintely reflects that it doesn't provide the best and brightest that Las Vegas has to offer, it is already starting to show its age and disarray.While the room was very spacious, the dated Control 4 system wasnt really working and it took almost 45 minutes to get an engineer to come up and allow for use of the television.  In addition, the bed was kind of misshapen and way too soft (not in a good way).  The one bright side was that they did provide free WiFi!All in all, its a mediocre room for a reasonable price.  While I guess that would cut it in most towns, given the service and quantity of better nearby options, I wouldn't return back to Aria next time I am in Las Vegas.I would have rated my stay at a 5 rating, if for not the one hour wait line during check in and the double billing on my credit card bill, in the amount of $738.  Beware of making a reservation through a discount Dot Com business like Priceline.com, Aria had been paid in advance, through Priceline, but recharged the full prepaid amount on the credit card after my departure.  I had to spend time handling the double billing issue.  :(   Also beware of $25 nightly "resort fee" added onto your bill.  This charge is not stated upon making the reservation through Priceline.From the 1hr25min check in to the dirty room...would I go back, when hell freezes over.Very disappointed in Aria.- $28 for any non-refundable charge

per the operation manager.Not a great start. Got in at 11 pm. Dead tired after 30 hours on the road from Madrid. Huge line to check in and only 2 people working desk. Probably take 30-45 minutes to check in. Not what I was expecting.This past weekend was my first time staying here and it was HORRIBLE!!! I went to Vegas to celebrate my birthday and heard Mandalay was great, so thought I'd try it but it was my worst stay in Vegas ever. The pools and hotel were nice but the staff was the worst! From the point of trying to valet my car to checking out. They were not helpful, not friendly and very rude in every department EXCEPT one lady at the front desk. She was the only nice employee of my entire stay. I'll never stay here again.Just stayed for 3 nights. The room is big but no exhaust anywhere in the room, no coffee in room, tv in bathroom didn't work reported it the 1st day but never fixed, very limited free internet. Be sure & review your charges we went with a group & most of us had charged incorrectly at check out. Pros are friendly staff, nice pool. I wouldn't stay again.Two stars pillows and bedding in what is supposedly 4-5 stars hotel!

3. With the exception of one waitress by the pool, the rest were terrible.  A whole row of us were waiting for a waitress to come around and after 45 minutes, we finally got one's attention.  I asked for an unsweetened iced tea with sweet n low.  After 40 minutes, she finally came back with it.  With no sweet n low.  When I asked for it, she said, "Well I am really busy right now.  You can go up to the bar and get it yourself."  I'm sorry.  But wasn't I just paying YOU to get it for ME?  That's what the job of a waitress is.  It was so rude; I didn't even know what to say.

- really understaffed. There was only one receptionist who was very sweet, but way overworked and stressed out! She was sweating trying to help the counter customers, answer phones, schedule drivers, and so on. Poor lady is probably underpaid too.

~ Food was so so.

Chili crab - 4 for the flavor of the sauce, 1 for the crab - not fresh, tasted some ammonia flavor

Next time I want chicken & waffles, I'll stop at the Iggle for a piece of takeout, and eat it at home with a homemade Belgian waffle.Listen I don't know what the hype is about. My lunch wasn't awful nor was it amazing. I had chicken and waffles, greens, and Mac n cheese.Waffle-awesome

I went in today (10/11/'14), and two customers were seated at the bar. Every other place to sit at the bar was not wiped down and unclean. I sat alone at a table and when I was approached, I said, I usually sit at the bar but it is unusually nasty today. He had no comment and didn't go tell them to clean it up.

Appetizers -Abe Froman flatbread - was told that it was good but way to heavy with fennel for my taste.

Service was ok. No wow, not terrible, will try again, but not hopeful it will stay open.Bar and patio are very nice! Live music is great.This review is all based upon the service... The food itself was not bad. Other than my chicken which was cold on the inside. We had to get the menus for ourselves, we eventually got to order about 20min after. The food took over 1 hour to get to us during lunch time. The place was not busy, the server took forever to even check on our table. Just very disappointing service, I would've said something about the cold chicken, but I was scared how long it would take to heat back up.Feeling pretty bummed tonight. Came in with friends and family to find that they completely changed the menu again. Our house favorites are gone, average entree price went up about $10. We grabbed some drinks and got great service, but went somewhere else for food. This is probably our last visit here.I wasn't concerned about the price of my burger and fries at $13, but expected good quality. The burger was over cooked and dry. The fries were not warm and very greasy. We danced and burped up all night. It was the second time it happened to us, eating the same meal. Therefore, it doesn't seem likely that we will be returning for more indigestion. The entertainment has seem to gone down hill, which is what originally got us there. There is much better dance music elsewhere. Think twice about what's out there for entertainment.    Jo AnnNot the type of place I would recommend for a large group of friends. While attending a large birthday party for a lady friend over the weekend it was obvious the staff could not handle the crowd.  I witnessed a short man whom I was told was the bar manager rudely bumping into party guests and yelling at them to get out of his way.  Not the behavior I would expect from a management team member who should have been happy to have the business.  After speaking to the host of the birthday party and her husband they apologized for the poor service and attitude of the bar staff and they let me know that they had contacted the owner and band in advance about the party of 100+ guests and had expected better service.  Having attended her birthday party there a few years ago when it was called Renegades I can honestly say I would not recommend the establishment now.  The birthday gal let everyone know she was going next door to Salt & Lime because although smaller in size the service and ambience is much classier than Black and Bleu.I'd love to be writing a raving review but sadly I can not do for many reasons.  The good thing about this brand is the servers were very friendly, the inside clean and in good repair the atmosphere was excellent.  My wife and I were able to talk and to hear each other, it was wonderful.  Sadly, those are the good points.  The bad, and there is NO reason for these to have occurred.  The pretzel bites had several that were burnt, and yes they tasted burnt.  Our burgers were ordered medium and came to us medium rare.  The aolia was barely noticeable and.we.both asked for more and I can get more French Fry's in on a value menu at a burger chain than I got here. A major issue with my burger was that I ordered a blue cheese burger and I didn't even taste the blue cheese.  Add to this that I ordered the same drink 3 times, all 3 tasted different, and let's not forget we needed to stop another server to request a second round of drinks.  To top it all we got the cookie desert, yes it resembled a simular desert that can easily be found at another restaurant but that's it.  The cookie was small, ice cream was scarce and the edges burnt.  If this had been a busy night with a packed house I might be able.to understand some of.these issues. It wasn't, so I don't understand the reason for poor guality food and less than stellar service.  The worst part of this visit, it was my birthday and I had been looking forward  to eating here since I saw signs about its opening along Shea.  While this experience didn't affect my birthday, I'm not really sure when, or if I'll eat here again.We were headed to Stone & Vine and saw Black & Bleu.  We decided to give it a chance.  I ordered the Green Chili Burger cooked medium.  My wife order the Caesar Salad and a grill cheese for the kid.  The burger came out with the patty and green chili but nothing else.  I asked for lettuce and tomato.  My first bite was not great.  I notice the cook burnt the burger and tried to cover it with cheese.  With the toddler ready to roll, it's hard to send back.  The pretzel bites and IPA were good.  Unlikely to return for dinner but would get a beer there.Overcooked, overpriced steak I didn't get a chance to taste. My companions had long finished their meal so I asked for the check. Their prime rib (also overdone but tasty) was quite fatty and their asparagus had so much pepper it was inedible. After a long wait, I asked for the bill. Waiter brought my steak in a to-go box. I had no idea if it was cooked right. He offered to take it off the bill if I didn't want it. I took him up on that offer but it probably should have been comped. I hope they at least offered it to a staff member. He still charged me $4.50 for a side salad which was a handful of iceberg and some boxed croutons. Happy hour is good but I doubt I'll be back. There were only 8 other people in the whole place at 7:30 on a Sunday night. I didn't notice anyone else eating. Why such inattentiveness? I expect their doors to be closed soon. Disappointing since it has been a good happy hour location near my home. Bad night or a pattern?Decided to try something new and was extremely disappointed. We ordered the hummus for an appetizer and it was only mediocre. I ordered the chicken sandwich and it just wasn't quite as well throughout out as it should have been. The roll was too thick so it overpowered the other ingredients. Additionally it was missing something...needs avocado and/or bacon. My date ordered the mac-and-cheese with chicken and it was dry with little chicken; she was extremely disappointed. I had at least hopped for some good craft beer but nothing outside of the more mainstream "craft" brews. We won't be back.Service was slow, food was not well-cooked, and the prices were too high for the food we received and ambiance we experienced. The wait staff was pleasant and the menu was promising, but everything just felt disorganized and not quite put-together. I feel that maybe in a few months they'll have their "stuff" together a little better, but as of today I feel they charged far too much for the experience they were offering.If you are looking for a classic breakfast that you can get at Ihop this is the place for you. Service was ok, food was ok, and the fresh squeezed juice had huge chunks in it that you could not drink. We are big foodies that love breakfast and were so excited to try a new local spot and were very unimpressed. They still have a lot of kinks to work out. We wish them the best but probably won't be back. Good thing we used a groupon.My boyfriend and I saw there was a Groupon for the restaurant, so we decided to give it a shot. We've been here twice and both times have been unimpressed. The first time we came for lunch. It was around noon and there were only two other couples in the  restaurant. We were seated quickly and water was brought out promptly, but it took an unreasonable amount of time to get our order taken. We sat there trying to make eye contact with the waitress who didn't seem to be interested. Finally, the hostess came and took our order after about 15 minutes. I got a sandwich and my boyfriend got the breakfast burger. The maple mayonnaise was good on the burger, but the rest of the food was just okay. The chicken on my sandwich was overcooked and a bit dry. On our second visit we decided to go for breakfast. It was definitely busier, but we were seated quickly. Our waiter was friendly and took our orders quickly. We ordered chai drinks which were more milk than actual chai. We mentioned it to the waiter who brought out more chai which helped a little. It still tasted more like watered down milk than chai. As for our food, I got the monkey cakes and the boyfriend got the white flannel. The flannel had a big glob of sour cream on top which seemed to have taken over the flannel. He was disappointed that there were so much big strips of onions and minimal amount of actual potatoes and corned beef. On the menu it said that the monkey cakes had bananas, almonds and coconut. When I got my cakes the first cake had bananas and almonds, but the second cake only had walnuts. Not anymore on the menu did it say walnuts. If they ran out, it would be nice to have been told so. What if I didn't like walnuts? Also, the second cake that had the walnuts was placed under the first cake which seemed like they knew they were in the wrong so they were trying to cover it up.The service isn't terrible and for the most part the staff is friendly. However, the food didn't seem as good as most of the reviews are raving about. Would we come back? Probably not.I was disappointed with my breakfast.  I bought a groupon and was excited to try this place.  I ordered the two egg breakfast, it took forever to come and was cold!  Not to mention there was the smallest amount of potatoes on my plate, I should have taken a picture.  There was no butter on my toast but my friends toast all had butter.  We only saw our waiter when we ordered, he only came back when we were done eating.  I probably wouldn't return for breakfast, would maybe give their lunch a try.The food here was pretty good, unfortunately the service was terrible. It didn't take long to sit, but the food took almost 40 min to come out. Then it took another 20 to get the check. Probably will not be coming back here again. The food just wasn't good enough to make up for the terrible service.I used to frequent this place when it was in Scottsdale.  I loved this place! So on mothers day I decided to try out the new location via carryout. I called twice and got hung up on twice. I called back a third time to raise a complaint with the manager about the host Danielle ( who clearly doesn't want to do her job). The manager stuck up for Danielle saying that she was a sweet girl and that she would never do that. In the process pretty much telling me he doesn't care about our business. He could not have cared less and took no ownership. It'll be a while if ever I go back here.So I didn't know being served an omelette with 1/4 cup of oil underneath it and raw pancakes in the middle were a thing?! Yikes!! This place has very scary food.Went to Orange Table for brunch and the food was pretty good. I had the Eggs Benedict - OT Style. Drinks were pretty weak and small, so that was pretty meh. However, the service was really not good. I walked in and it was so disorganized. Servers were running around like crazy and kept handing me (and others) off to one another. There was no structure and no one was taking control of the situation. They were not prepared for a mildly busy Sunday morning. Thank goodness our group had reservations, or I would have headed somewhere else.Ok... This one is tough... Immediately walked in and felt the stuffy atmosphere. Sat  down looking forward to the good food I have been hearing about and placed my order. Service had been pretty solid at this point. Ended up waiting 35 minutes for our food and when it came mine didn't.... Following this disappointment I politely asked the server if he could turn the air down a little bit as the entire restaurant was fanning themselves and he responded with the air conditioner had been broke for hours... In Arizona.....its 102 out mind you. I feel like that should have been brought up when we walked in and sat down rather than as we were wiping sweat off of our heads. As we keep going down this journey I finally get my food which was quite a delightful burger. We QUICKLY  asked for our checks and were kept waiting as the bar tender chatted it up with another group as we were left sweating. I'm not a cheap ass by any means and still left a 20% tip however I was hoping for some sort of a discount.... Must have caught orange table on a bad day but I don't think I'll try again.The location is great if you are an ASU student and you just have to walk there. There isn't enough parking if you are driving there, you'd have to pay at a meter to park close. Luckily, we came here on a Sunday morning and the meters were free for parking. Table of 5 and got seated fairly quickly, we also got our food fairly quickly. Service is good but food is not so great, although the food presentation is nice. I am taking a star off because we were sweating as the AC was not working and we were promised that it would have been fixed in 15 minutes after we sat down but we finished eating and the AC was still not on. Personally there are better and cheaper breakfast places around Tempe.I was served curdled cream.  They were very nice to get my fresh cream but the sight of those clumps entering my coffee was more than I could deal with.  The first time I went there was pretty good.The good- they take reservations

-Take us to a better lunch or don't take us at all.  The $7 buffet was an insult. -Offer some type of compensation when errors on your end occur.  I asked for some type of compensation for my troubles and horrible experience and was basically told to eat dirt. -Work on your customer service skills.  Everyone I spoke with (excluding the awesome driver) was rude and unhelpful.  I hope you pay your drivers well, they are the best thing you have going for yoIt was a pretty good trip to me because there is a lot of free time and i think it was pretty good. One thing was really horrible! It was like 40 degree outside because i was going to the one day grand canyon trip but the air conditioner of the bus was like crazy!!!! It was freezing in the bus and the driver told me he can't low down the AC!? I rmb his name is James! Come on James! It was 40 degree outside and inside of the bus is like 10 degree! I got sick after this trip! Wont repeat thank u!My wife has a pair of cheap prescription sunglasses that are  1/2 frame in style. I broke the nylon line that secures the bottom half of the lens to the frame. Thinking that these folks would be able to fix them for a fair price, I went there & the gal informed me that the repair would cost $45. I was willing to go as far as $ 20 for a simple repair like that, but she informed me that $45 was their minimum charge for repairs. Needless to say, I took the glasses back home & fixed them myself using some 12lb fishing line & a bic lighter. Maybe they should change their name to Price Fixer from Frame Fixer.It seemed apparent that the name "Frame Fixer" is used just to rope folks in in order to sell them new frames.  Which they did to me.  The new frames sold to me lost the rhinestones embedded in them almost immediately.  I can't recommend and I would not go back to this business.I wanted to give this place a high rating only because they were able to fix my glasses and I was desperate. Our bill came out to about $80.00. They were able to seamlessly laser my glasses together. They also managed to scratch the black part of my frame. My lenses were previously scratched due to it's poor quality, but never the frame. In fact, it was in perfect condition. Now my glasses look terrible. The frames were really expensive as well and I was hoping to use them for a while longer. I wish they were more careful during the repair and used padding on their tools or a cloth to prevent damage.This store is not one of the best in town --that's for sure. Its cluttered and hard to walk through. The corals and other invertebrates are way over priced. On a good note, their fresh water selection looks more appealing than their saltwater selection. Its nice to stop in once in a while to see if they have anything new--but usually its the same old-same old.Current time is 10:41AM been here since 8:30AM waiting in a waiting room to be brought into another room in the back waiting another 20/30mins to see the doctor . Don't recommend this place if you like getting in and out.... Come with timeWell, the animals look active and healthy here, which is more than some other pet stores can say. Lots of rodents and birds, and an entire section of fish tanks to make your selection. Didn't pay attention to whether they had saltwater fish available.Came in initially looking for a timed feeder for my cat so that I wouldn't need to find a friend to feed him during a quick trip to California. Browsed the entire store looking for them but didn't encounter any sales associates aside from the one at the register.Finally found one in the dog section- and only one. And at three times the going rate online. You'd think a place that specializes in pet supplies would have more than one- at this rate I feel like I would have been better off going to Walmart. And it probably wouldn't have been $100 there.EDIT: Purchased the feeder, and my cat broke into it and ate a week's worth of food in less than 2 days. Returns only accepted with a receipt, but they are quick and painless.I've gone there for dog grooming and dog food.  On the grooming side it's hit or miss.  Different personnel each time some of whom ignore or don't read written instructions/history.  It can be very frustrating.  They are friendly, but each trip there is like the first time they've ever seen you or your dog.  The store is usually clean.i cant bash this place since i am persian, but it really needs some help. they need to be on kitchen nightmares with gordan ramsey haha. i liked the food, it wasnt how my dad and his friends make but its still pretty decentThe food is decent enough but the service is quite bad. The owner is obviously an unhappy person that doesn't treat his employees well no matter who is around. We had a flyer that offered a free bottle of wine with two entrees. When we enquired about it the owner said we had to spend $50 each person in order to get it, amazing.Beautiful restaurant the waitress was very nice the owner is somewhat psychotic and comes and yells for no reason and made me feel very uncomfortable being here he also had a foul odor to him. Definitely on the expensive side and mandatory gratuity and mandatory splitting feeFirts place to see the resturant put the tip on a behalf of you!!!!Good food, but service is notI've heard really great things about their plastic surgery here, but I come here for laser hair removal. EVERY time I arrive there is a 15-30 min wait in what seems to be an empty office.This last appointment I scheduled at 11am because "that was the only appointment available" and the evening prior someone from the office called me at 730p to let me know "they could get me in earlier." I was working late and so did not return the call. Then they called again the next morning at 8a and at that time I was just getting up and getting ready for the gym so did not return their call. They proceeded to text me a hour later again telling me they could "get me in earlier". Needless to say, I arrived 5 mins prior to my appt time and had to wait 15 mins to be seen. There wasn't anyone at the front desk when I walked in and then when they realized I was waiting (after I yelled towards the back, helloooo?), I got the response, "Sorry, we were at lunch." Then why did you schedule me at this time?Okay this place does some of the best food in town, but the only reason i gave it two stars is because of the service ,it was bad the only time I've been here. They didn't offer our table drinks and it took awhile for them to ask us if we were ready to order. I do plan on going back sometime just to give them another chance.After reading some of the previous reviews, this place is over rated. Had lunch today and ordered WOR won ton soup, Cashew Chicken, Beef Broccoli, Combo Fried Rice and the Walnut Shrimp. Really disappointed in the won ton soup...it looked good...it just didn't have any umph to it...the rest of the food was...shall I say...americanized?CJ Palace in Sparks, NV...now there's some good chinese food.wow... i dont know if this place went down hill or is just bad. i will never EVER be going back...the soup at the beginning is piece of corn in corn syrup essentially. not even swallowable without alone ediblenext came the entries, chicken and broc and kung pow chicken. the kung pow chicken actually wasnt bad, it wasnt good, but it was ok. the chicken and broc however... the sauce was wayyyy to gingery, the broc was way undercooked and hard, and i had pieces of raw chicken.... on top of that.... in there "seafood tank" 3 were empty and 1 had all dead prawns in it.... gross....  (atleast 7)absolutely vile.only reason its getting a 2 instead of a one is because the spring rolls were decent and the kung pow chicken was "ok"I really used to love this place but I just went there and service and food sucked. First we sat down and asked for iced tea he brought us hot tea and said it's complimentary. Ok cool can I still have a iced tea. He said no so I laughed and said can I have some ice then and was told no agian.  Wth anyways I was just thinking well whatever at least I know the food is good so I order the honey walnut shrimp.  So it came out and it was a small portion for 12.95 and soggy.  Oh ya and had just tasted like it was tosed in mayo no honey. Well needless to say they lost my business.Foods ok ,service is week,seems they didnt like that i just ordered soup for lunch ,i wouldnt go back food isnt that good.There was a rumbly in my tumbly.  And thank goodness it wasn't food poisoning!  I must have been super hungry on the day I went into this China Star.  I'm doing what I can for this place here, but it just wasn't up to par.Yes, it's a super cheap lunch for around $5-6 but remember...you get what you pay for sometimes.  At this China Star it's not much.  The food is decent and you won't have any problems if you've got a strong stomach like I do.  There are your usual dishes like the fried rice, noodles, fried chicken wings, beef and broccoli, and won ton soup.  But I just feel it's all on lower standards.  A lot of the stuff on the day I went was definitely sitting under the heat lamp for a bit, causing a lot of items to be surrounded by a pool of grease.  Ever see coconut chicken after a long bath under a heat lamp?  Trust me you don't want to.  Things tasted rubbery and lackluster.  Soup was cold and the faux sushi was warm.  Wow, and I'm not usually very picky when it comes to eating!  Sad food make me a sad boy.I'm not usually too critical of the atmosphere either since I've been to dives that were dingy but had good food.  But this China Star over here on Charleston?  It is a bit dirtier than I can accept.  Food bits stuck here and there on the floor, having to clear particles off your seat before you sit down, and sneeze guards looking a little bit questionable?  Aw, come on!  I like my beats fast and my bass down low, but the only thing I like dirty (occasionally) is my lady!  Going to the bathroom is a great gauge on how to tell if a place is clean.  Trust me, going to the bathroom here (which I did) may make you queasy!  There was a roach running around in there.  I tried to ignore it....but yeah, it was still there.  I said hello to it, but it just scurried along its way...probably going back to the kitchen to grab a smoke.  Ack!  I really feel sorry for the ladies that have to actually sit on the seat in the women's restroom.   There's not much else I can say about this place for now, I'm getting a bit light-headed thinking about it.  Please, please, please China Star...clean your act up!  This is coming from the guy who loves a cheap buffet and can live with a little bit of uncleanliness.  Live up to your 'A' rating!Short: Pass on it, go to Krazy Buffet or any other place. Sub-average food, bad service, terrible atmosphere.I dropped by here because I felt a little tired of the other asian buffets I visit, and it was in the neighborhood. $6.48 for lunch for one. I walked in and was sat down promptly, but that was about it for service other than plate pick up. Crappy decorations--a staple of low-scale asian buffets--but absolutely no music playing to drown out the coughing, children's cries and random conversation. It felt like I was eating in a run-down restaurant on the side of a highway.

Lots of history and culture?  Check.But at the end of the day, it's basically a french fry sandwich.  You get some coleslaw, and no more than a garnish of meat if you order something sliced (and not a generous portion if you order anything else).  90% of your meal is pretty decent french fries on above average white bread.Look, I'm glad Pittsburgh has some culinary identity, and having a classic food item you can only get here is awesome.  But compared to a Philly cheesesteak?  A Chicago pizza?  A New Orleans muffaletta?  Pittsburgh has a long, long, LONG way to go.The Pittsburg one is Great. The Greensburg one is not that good. Little ambiance. Everything is in a foam cup or a greasy piece of wax paper.I feel like Primanti's is the Pittsburgh equivalent of the Billy Goat in Chicago. Crappy food and crappy service, but people tell you to go there for a slice of nostalgia you don't care about not being from the city or ever planning to return. Don't waste your time.Listen.  Primanti's isn't a place you go with your family, have a nice dinner, and talk about.  It's not "the place you go when you come to Pittsburgh."  It's not a tradition.So stop it.Seriously...stop.You know when Primanti's hits stride?  At one in the morning, when you're belligerently drunk, everything is closed, and you want something that is ok, and will put down a nice base to prevent tomorrow's hangover.It's heavy, greasy, and full of starch, everything you want if you're trying to cope with the fact that you shouldn't have had that last shot of Jameson.But to tell people that they need to come to this place, during regular business hours, and get a sandwich?  Shame on you Pittsburgh, how do you sleep at night?I love primantis. But the original location in the strip is not worth to go to. I believe it's more of a "tourist trap". The quality of the food and service isn't as good as their other locations that I have been too. I would recommend going to a different location if you want to try a great sandwich. The harmerville has always been good.I've heard so much about primanti bros but was sadly disappointed. I was rather unimpressed by my sandwich. Ordered the turkey breast and cheese with an egg. The French fries were not seasoned or fresh. Also I wish they toasted the bread.A Pittsburgh establishment whose concept (fries and slaw with meat on a sandwich) is, I think, solid, but the execution is pretty meh.Ok so my husband's from Pittsburgh and this place is legend. That said, our experience was mediocre. We walked in at 3pm, hoping to beat the lunch and dinner rush. We were seated by the bar, which was cool but weren't offered the option of a table and there were a few empty ones nearby and couldn't get a staff member to look at us until it was time to order. I ordered a steak and cheese and received a Pitts-burger. I asked the waitress if it was the steak and cheese and she nodded her head and walked off. That was the last interaction we had with any of the staff until we paid at the register. When she rang us up she listed off my sandwich, now calling it a Pitts-burger. Cool, thanks for ignoring us and dismissing my opportunity for you to correct your mistake. Checked the box for the original location, we will go to the spin-offs from now on.I would say on a weekly basis I consume more sandwiches then any other form of food... so when I found out my girlfriend of years was going to law school in Pittsburgh, I was bummed about the trips I would have to take but I was ecstatic that I would finally get to go experience the famous Primanti Brothers!! Needless to say, I followed the directions of the lady behind the counter and the meal was absolutely disappointing.. I thought the slaw with the fries had no flavor what so ever... I was so upset that the hype behind Primanti's did not live up to it's expectations...I have tried it a couple of more times but still have had no luck in enjoying a meal from primantis.... wish I didn't have to write thisDon't know if it's just me or they changed the coleslaw recipe. Tastes like they put a lot of horseradish sauce in it. Used to be my favorite sandwich now my least.I don't think the sandwiches are that good. But its worth a visit, especially after 2 or 8 beers.My family and I visited Primanti's this past weekend on the recommendation of a co worker. To say we were disappointed is an understatement.We ordered the Pastrami & cheese, Bacon & cheese, & Pitts-burger w/ cheese. Our orders arrived wrapped in paper which we all thought was cool. Unfortunately, none of orders had cheese on them like we had ordered. The sandwiches were piled high with cole slaw and some fries, but on the bottom of the sandwiches were exactly 2 slices of meat (pastrami & bacon) and tiny patty (Pitts-burger).Being from Brooklyn, NY and used to having MEAT on our sandwiches, we were very disappointed. I will say, the cole slaw was very good. The tall mug of Bud Lite draught was very good.I don't remember when's the last time I had a healthy meal...Oops I ate too much today...gonna feel really sad and chunky later...Primanti Bros. Sandwich A sandwich with the fries and coleslaw added right in.... Invented during the Depression so that day people could hold their entire lunch in one hand!The flame grilled meats and the deep fried cod fish....the tasty coleslaw.... the satis-fry's....six or seven bucks for a huge sandwich... It is the sandwich that is responsible for my taste bud awakening ... how I was able to put the US on the map. OK, I did go a little overboard.... Definitely try it at least once...since this is is what Pittsburgh is known for.... im not really a big fan of dry Italian bread as their buns for their yummy meaty goodness... wished they put more cheese inside the sandwiches...somewhat dry... the way they serve your meal...was in a bag or on a piece of paper...service was slow...waited about thirty five minutes for a sandwich is beyond me...lots of table seating...has their own parking lot...opens twenty four hours!!! which is great for late night munchies!!!Ok, so I get it - if you visit Pittsburgh, you have to stop here.  Done.  No other restaurant in the strip was open past 8pm on a Friday so I found myself here.  I opted for the Capicola sandwich and a Dr. Pepper last night.  The big deal about this place is that all sandwiches come with slaw and fries...in the sandwich! And let's be honest, the more fries I have the excuse to eat...the happier I end up. But the sandwich just didn't do it for me.  All of the elements separated were good, but all together were just bland.  I ended up pouring on some hot sauce and eventually dismantling the sandwich for the fries glued together by cheese.  Maybe I just needed mayo...Cool little spot though - neighborhood joint still.  Good bar to sit and watch the Penguins play.I read the reviews and went anyways thinking it can't be as mediocre as everyone says.  It is, in fact, that mediocre.  I ordered the Pitts-burgr for the experience and it was a great big meh.  I'm not sure there was salt anywhere near those fries or burger patty.  I'm not normally one to put more salt on food after it comes out of the kitchen but I found myself salting almost every bite.  If it wasn't salt it was ketchup or hot sauce.  Based on the shape of the patty it seemed to be a frozen patty.  The fries could have used more time in the fryer - some were in the realm of undercooked.  The slaw seemed like it might have been scooped out of a 5 gallon bucket purchased from Sysco or something.On the bright side the service was great.  The two guys working were both very friendly and eager to please.  And the bread was nice and fresh.This is the second time I've had Primanti's. The first being about 10 years ago so I had to try again to reacquaint myself with Pittsburgh's culinary claim to fame.  For an added experience, I had to go to the original location.  For the place being as old as it says, you don't get the entire feel of it, but that's ok.  It's an intimate spot to get a sandwich with the closest of your fellow strangers and tourists.  I first ordered the Smallman Street Fries.  Named after the street of the original location, they've got chili, cheese, jalapeos, and sour cream on it.  I should've just stopped eating here because my meal peaked already.  For the sandwich, I went with the Pitts-burger, their #2 best seller.  I asked what that meant and was told it was a joke.  I guess I didn't get the joke or it just wasn't obvious and funny. Probably the latter.  I wish I remembered what the sandwich was like because this was awful.  While trying to eat it, I was trying to figure out how and why this got to be so popular in this area.  The meat was more like a mystery meat that tasted gross.  Who knows what animal this came from.  As for the cole slaw, it had no flavor to it and seemed to be missing something.  I'd say the bread is the saving grace, but not for this sandwich.  It's a very good thick piece Italian, but for a sandwich like this it needs to be a bit harder with all of the ingredients in it.  Lastly, I feel the need to comment on the service.  I rarely do unless it's extremely good or bad.  Unfortunately, it was not good.  Three different staff members served us.  After the food was brought out to the table, the server said someone will be right over to refill the drinks.  Ok fine.  After a few minutes, no one came over.  I started wondering why she herself didn't refill the drinks.  I had to eat the entire meal without anything to drink.  Not refilling drinks might be my biggest pet peeve dining out.  Thanks for being consistent Primanti's!  Terrible service to go with terrible food.If you want a cheap filling meal this is the place. That's the good. My wife and I got in relatively quick bypassing a long line of larger parties due to a table for two opening up. However, when we got in, it was not quick. Three large parties came in after us and was served first, one even noticed this and pointed it out to waitress and she didn't seem to care. Fries on sandwich were not fresh, even cold. Meat was skimpy and under seasoned. If it's not busy and you want a cheap meal, it's ok. DO NOT wait if it's busy, you'll probably be disappointed.My boyfriend and I were passing through Pittsburgh on a road trip. We had seen TV shows featuring primanti brothers sandwiches. They looked amazing on TV.  And we were really excited about them. However when we got to primanti brothers and received our sandwiches (I got the roast beef and he got the pittsburger) we realized there was hardly ANY MEAT on the sandwich. Or cheese for that matter. It was overloaded with coleslaw that we could hardly taste the meat. The pittsburger burger that came in the sandwich was so small that it was only towards the middle of the sandwich. Very over rated place. And the area near the bathrooms smelled like a pet store.I got lured here by a friend today and honestly I didn't enjoy the food. Love the concept and the atmosphere is good but my sandwich was just ok.. I ordered the cheesesteak and cheese , which was the #2 bestseller  (alcohol is #1)  . First of all its ALOT of bread with ALOT of coleslaw and fries all INSIDE the sandwich with a little bit of the meat and cheese Just not my idea of a sandwhich personally. Eh.Yeah, I'm not really sure what the fuss is about. When we arrived in Pittsburgh we heard about Primanti Bros. from everyone -- it was a Pittsburgh classic, a 'must try.' So, we went. Hubby got the pastrami sandwich (a much better choice, IMO) and I got the Pitts-burger. Both sandwiches were just...not worth a review, to be honest. It seems like Primanti tries to build impressive, Insta-worthy sandwich volume by piling bland slaw and soggy french fries on cheap white bread, and cuts corners on the actual meat quantity and quality. Oh, and maybe I'm being a princess here, but an actual plate would be nice. This is the original Primanti Bros. location, for what it's worth, so I guess if you want to underwhelm your Pittsburgh visitors with a disappointing sandwich, choose the Strip District location.I came here after hearing a lot of hype to have lunch during my visit in Pittsburgh. I ordered the Pittsburger and a side of the loaded fries. The Pittsburger was good, maybe worth trying since it is unique with the french fries loaded into it. I also like that the cole slaw was light and finely sliced, so that it made it easier to eat. However, it lacked the wow-factor for me.. with something that has no many things loaded into it, I'd expect a lot of flavor, but it just was not there.The loaded fries were only OK to me.. even though they had cheese, chili, sour cream, and bacon bits on top it surprisingly tasted bland! It was just missing that oomph of flavor for me.Overall, it was good, but not something that I'd particularly come back for.Had the Pastrami and Cheese, and I learned that I don't care for French fries and cole slaw on my sandwich. They don't put much meat on them either.The place was packed, and had great murals of famous athletes, and it had a fun atmosphere. The bathrooms are in the basement, dirty and kind of creepy.

After my disappointment 9 days ago, I decided to give it another try.

Come here for dinner if your late with rent/

*2 happy Attitude Adjustments*1 medium sized Refrigerated Display CaseTo your already...*Delicious selection of candies, baked goods, & cold treats *Bright & colorful establishmentYes, there was only one person helping with order taking and making of the labor intensive products they have on the menu even though there were 4 people. I guess no one can help that person out. In addition to the velvet brownie & chocolate milkshake, we ordered 4 macarons that were $1.50 a pop for the half-dollar sized yum-yums. Unfortunately, they aren't kept cool in a refrigerated section so they just get hard and downright nasty sitting there. The girl behind the counter said they make them fresh everyday and that they were popular. It's a shame I paid 6 bucks for nasty wafer like cookies. I could have bought myself 2 boxes of OREOS with that money. The only thing going for this over-priced place is the Couture Pops! Sure their pricey but it's all about being seen with those bling-blingin' trendy lollipops. I bought one with a box of refills ($40).Really disappointing.  Though it's difficult to live up to the hype Sugar Factory has built for itself, I expected more.  We had breakfast at the Sugar Factory.  Because they were OUT of their specialty french toast dish (at 10:30 am on a Sunday morning), I made a snap decision to go with NY Strip and eggs.  The eggs, toast, and potatoes that came with were fantastic!  Unfortunately, the steak was a flavorless, cheap cut.  As the anchor of the meal, it should have been much better. Other negatives: (1) slow service;(2) tables are too close together to have any type of private conversation.  Great place for eavesdroppers - not so great for those who want to enjoy a meal with a significant other.Yummy food and fantastic ice cream but waaaaaay too overpriced!$7 for ONE scoop of ice cream? I mean sure its good but it wasn't great.The atmosphere was nice and our server was very knowledgeable of the menu but it's nothing out of this world.Very good location for customers to walk in but after trying it, I can find the same quality elsewhere for cheaperThe success of this place is based primarily on the hype and celebrity endorsements and not on the actual product. I ordered a vanilla cupcake($6.50!) and it was stale. This place is a glorified Sweet Factory. Save your cash for Jean Philipe at the Bellagio.I could not believe the prices I guess they assume tourists will pay about anything if its located on the strip I mean $6 for a cupcake and $5 for a scoop of gelato? At least if you pay that much at a patisserie in one of the Hotels its actually worth it.My fist love is food...we decided to eat at the restaurant that's part of the Sugar Factory and were NOT impressed at all.  The food seemed very interesting on the menu, but once we had a taste it was bland and not satisfying. Sad to say it was most definitly a let down!As for the chocolate store we were most definetly impressed. It was huge, everyone was supper friendly, and the selections were endless. Although over priced for certain items (couture pops$25) it was a must do.It might have been a three star review if our waitress wasn't both terrible and rude.  We came for dessert which was average, disappointing for a place named the Sugar Factory.  They were out of nearly half their cakes and pastries, so I ordered a belgian waffle sundae.  The waffle was not crisp or terribly warm, so I was very disappointed.  To be fair, my friend had a strawberry shake that was awesome.Good idea, nice concept, probably not a bad business.Review on the restaurant part:

 They did say it was on the house.

Will not be back, too many other great choicesFood was ok here. The first round of food I got was really cold, literally cold. First time I have ever sent something back to get the same thing again. It kind of scares me getting food after complaining, but they have an open kitchen. So I really felt ok with doing it this time. The next plate of food was good and hot.  Service is good to average. I sat at the bar with my friend, noticed only female servers and bartenders at the place. It is full of dudes gawking at all of them while ordering breakfast... Almost  creepy. You can tell all the girls here are so used to it they just have these fake smiles and tiring looks on there faces. Anyway they did have baileys and coffee, outside seating, wheat toast.... Which for some reason is rare here in old town Scottsdale. Atmosphere was really nice and modern. They need to work on the food being cold situation, I guess you can't really do anything about all the creeps:) might not come back unless someone else wants to goAfter a walk to old town, we decided (based on the crowd) that morning squeeze had it goin on. The wait was only about 15 mins, and we got to sit on the open air patio in the beautiful AZ weather.  We actually got a table quicker by asking for a table outside. We started off with a classic bloody, and it was good. We also got an iced mango chai tea which was the winner of the day. Briana was really good, but the food took a long while to come out (not her fault). The presentation of the dishes was completely lacking. One soup of the day (clam chowder) and half BLT, and it tasted okay. The Crab Bennie was also ordered with country potatoes and it was also just okay. Nothing spectacular here. However, the biscuits and gravy were awful. There is a distinct taste to them, that may be for some,  but we could not even eat one half of a biscuit (and we LOVE biscuits and gravy). Briana was nice enough to take it off the bill for us. Overall, not worth the 40 dollars plus tip to eat breakfast for 2... Would consider ordering some different dishes, as we unfortunately struck out on all 3. Would also say, the atmosphere is great for brunch drinks!I think I have this place figured out.  It's the Hooters of the Scottsdale breakfast scene.  Except that at Hooters, the waitresses will at least pretend to like you and crack a smile now and again.  Except at Hooters, the hostess won't say no to you with an attitude.  The food was, while generous in portion, was served close to thirty minutes after our order and was a bit cool when it came out.  Oh whelps.After a great hike on Camelback on a windy Sunday, me and the roomie decided to grab brunch here.  First thing i ordered was a bloody mary because i saw someone with one (monkey see monkey do) and the bacon sticking out of it looked great!  So when i finally got mine, it had no bacon.. no celery either.. just an olive, a lime, and a lemon.. and it was super bright red.  The taste was not too bad, but definitely not what i had expected, i asked about it, and the server said i should have ordered a "bacon bloody mary" . oh well, my bad right?  So i did so for my second, and it was pretty good, except the bacon was old, like what you would find at the last 10 minutes of a bloody mary bar. To eat, i ordered the chicken fried steak/hashbrowns/something stack, it sounded EPIC! like something from Hash House A GO GO!! But.. when it came, it was lacking, well.. everything, it looked sloppily put together, and was near flavorless.  I am so glad that they had a couple different hot sauces at every table, they are gonna need it.I was taken here by a friend who lives in Scottsdale. He said it was one of the best breakfast places in town. His claim for Morning Squeeze's greatness was supported by how busy the place was and the amount of people waiting for a table. Unfortunately, Morning Squeeze did not come close to what I expected.Our group of four was put on the waiting list with a estimated wait time of 20 min. After close to the 30 min mark I asked the hostess what the status was on our wait and she said we STILL had two groups on front of us. What we didn't realize is we would of waltzed right in and sat at the bar to order. The hostess could of done a better job by either giving us a more realistic time table, giving us a heads up on how many groups of equal size were in front of us, and/or recommending to us to sit at the bar (provided there was space for four people). Ultimately, we found space for three at the end of the bar. I chose to stand because we did not want to wait any longer and I still had hope the place would redeem themselves via the food.The servers behind the bar were moderately attentive during our meal. We placed our order for food and drinks with no issue but the next problem was how long the food took to get to us, which was about 20-25 min. I'm a pretty patient person but the wait to sit combined with the wait for food was unacceptable. This is also considering the fact I saw people who came AFTER us get their food first (it looked like one of the workers who might of been the manager of the place knew these people personally). The lachs/lox (smoked salmon) omelette I ordered was good  and my friends seemed to think the food was average for the price ($7 yogurt and granola parfait? really?).In the end, the ambiance of the restaurant is what I feel attracts people. It seems trendy. You can sit outside and also bring your dog. The female servers are dressed like they just got done with a Crossfit workout session (low-cut workout tank top, yoga pants, and running shoes)...but all of that doesn't cover-up the poor service or average food.  If you are passing through this area, I would recommend looking else where to eat breakfast.We wanted this to be a good spot, because you can bring your "spot" on the patio. Service was slow and not so great, and it wasn't real busy. I had the Hall n Oats waffle and it wasn't awesome. The Mr. ordered the Chicken Fried Steak and it was less than awesome. We thought the food tasted like frozen food. Hash browns were not good, and they only served one piece of toast with the CFS, which isn't a deal breaker, but it wasn't a good tasting piece of toast. I want to give it another shot, but Mr. S says no. Bumskis, morning squeeze!Waited forever !!! We were so hungry for some great breakfast. We thought we would give this place a try. We walked in and asked for first available of course it was outside. It was fine , the weather was nice and we were hungry. Then we waited, waited, and waited. The next group of people came over and sat down. Not 5 mins later they got a service!!! Not to mention, the waitress was very friendly with them. Then the waitress finally came over to us. She was short and not friendly.  So we ordered our food. I ordered steak and eggs.  Medium rare for steak. After about, what seemed like, 30 mins the food came but instead of a medium rare,  my steak was well. She did offer to take it back but we didn't feel like waiting for , what seemed like, another half hour. We finished our food and left. Never going back again.For a place that specializes in breakfast, we would expect quite a bit more.  We've been here 6 times now, and there's some good, and a lot of mediocre.  We frequent a lot of the breakfast spots here in Scottsdale (Breakfast Club, Daily Dose, etc.), and this place doesn't stack up.  While the service (we had Sam recently, and she was awesome) and the ambience are very good, the food just lacks anything that wows you.  There are two things that we'd recommend.  First, the waffles with the seasonal berries and granola are good (the granola puts it over the top).  Second, the smoothies are pretty darn good.  This place is also great if you wanna bring your pooch(es), as they are very dog friendly, and everyone there seems to love dogs as much as we do. Beyond that, the omelets and other standard breakfast fare are okay at best.  We had a really bad experience with the Chorizo (steer clear!), which was gamey (my fiance validated), and presented very lackluster on a side plate (I'll post the picture right after the review).  We've also tried the Huevos Rancheros, various omelets, and breakfast sandwiches, and they've all been sub par.  I hope that this kitchen gets it together, as this place shows a lot of promise, but this place unfortunately just doesn't stack up to the local competition.Breakfast Gone Wrong

1- the pieces of duck had been carved too small and too thin both. It tasted of crispy duck but I never got a mouthful of flavor At $19 dollars w/tea included, deep in Matthews2- There was plenty of basil, they claim fresh basil but I could barely taste it. Either it wasn't fresh or the chef burned the flavor out of it.

Dinner;

The customer service here is terrible; they clearly give the vibe that you are lucky to be waited on. The nicest person there was the guy who gave me a crappy rental wedge that was a very old TaylorMade club, they charged me $2.00 for.

Ruben sandwich was good a little much on butter but the meat was done well. Do order the ruben sandwich over fish and chipsCon:

- Lower limit tables, slots, etc definitely attracts a certain "crowd" so to speak

  We finished our food. Bf's soup had almost been too spicy for him to handle even though he LOVES spicy food and had asked for medium spicy. We sat there. And sat there. And sat there... until finally we gave up on the idea that our waitress was ever going to come back to bring us our bill. We went up to the cash register where both our waitress and the guy who had brought out the food were standing hanging out laughing- instead of helping their customers, paid the bill, and left.

  ... Fun Dungeon is a huge arcade full of games (10am-10pm)

I walked into Old town, which is enjoyable. And did not have a hard time finding the place. The waiters were very kind and did not mind speaking 50/50 French and English with me. ( I am very rusty) I was seated promptly, and received bread, butter and my drink order pretty speedily.

- Besteck musste ich selbst holen

The chicken seemed to have been steamed or baked. It had no signs of being coated and sauted  to a rich golden brown. The chicken was just pale white.

Gorgeous! It's just a fun place to be. Sit back and enjoy the views.  Although minor, my biggest frustration was that they don't always show replays and when they do, it's often delayed (like AFTER an official review).  But I love how they display the pitch type information - very cool. CONCESSIONS: 1 STAR

I'll save my Sam Woo visits for Culver Drive.We ventured into Sam Woo, lured in by the sight of luscious Hong Kong style bbq meats hanging near the window, and the plethora of Asian families eating here on a weekend for dinner.  We walked in, and immediately saw the "Cash Only" sign.  Luckily, we had enough cash to cover our charges for 4 people.  Once seated, we placed our orders, and were struck by how expensive everything was, especially for an establishment that is cash only.  The meal itself, was adequate.  We ordered a 3 bbq meat combo (Approx. $14) and I was expecting to see 3 dishes filled with 3 separate meats.  But, instead we were served a small plate with thinly sliced, smallish pieces of meat.  We also had wintermelon soup, which hit the spot to warm us up on that chilly night.  We shared some snow pea tips and braised tofu as well, which were OK.  At the end of the meal we received our check, and did a double take when we saw that they added in tip automatically for our party of 4.  While we were somewhat annoyed that they had already added tip for a party that I wouldn't consider large, we were also amused that their additional tip was only 10%.  I guess they don't think much of their own service if they only give out 10% to the automatic tips!The food here isn't bad, it's just that there always a looooong waiting list and it's packed like a box of over stuffed matches.I remember coming to this location with my family every time we were in Vegas. I wanted something cheap and delicious. I found the latter! Ordered the:* 1/2 Roasted Duck - It was actually quite good here but my boyfriend commented on the small portions compared to Cali Sam Woos.* BBQ Pork & Chicken Rice - Ahh tasted just like home

#i'm not an expert on indian, but that rice is soggy for my taste.

Cool interior

Lastly, if you ask the owner any questions regarding service, he gets flustered and defencsive.  I asked why they charge a premium for a hair coloring technique they don't really do and he kept saying he doesn't know anything about hair, he just runs the place. Needless to say I won't be back.  And if you want a true Aveda Ritual experience don't go to Nu Image; there are plenty of other Aveda places where you won't pay the premium prices and will get more for your money.I've used Aveda salons many times in several different states as well as going to Concept Salon and School so I'm well versed and have before this time had good experiences. The don't do any of the "extras" all the other salons do. The hand massage or head massage which in my experience has always been done.I have always been a fan of Aveda salons. I love their products and the extra complimentary pampering they throw in for costumes. I stumbled across Nu Image from the groupon they were offering: $35 for a women's haircut, deep conditioning treatment, style, and Aveda rituals. The staff here is extremely friendly and welcoming, but maybe that was because I was the only one in the salon. Overall, I wasn't super impressed with my experience, and I definitely would not pay full price for the service I received. The aveda ritual was a hand massage. Every other aveda salon I have been to does a massage at minimum. Other salons typically throw in makeup touch up, aromatherapy, and many other things. My haircut was mediocre at best, and my "style" was putting my hair in bumper curlers after spraying 1/2 can of hairspray on. I walked out of there looking like I went through a wind tunnel.Overpriced, small portions. They need to increase the size to make it work or lower the price. The food is good, but not when you can get a nicer meal for a better price elsewhere.Salsa and dips are runny, look and taste bad.  Not sure how a place with mex food this bad can stay in business.  Go somewhere better, why eat crappy food?Way overrated! I had been to the previous location years ago and didn't care for it then. Decided to give it another go at it's new spot, and it's still ranks the same for me. The salsas are very runny, almost too runny, the bean dip was nearly tasteless. I ordered asada street tacos and wasn't impressed with them. The meat had no flavor. Overall I think this place is lacking that authentic Mexican flavor. I will not be going back. There are too many other Mexican food places on AZ that deliver much more.Went in today with great expectations per prior reveiws. Eh mediocre food. Chicken in taco was dry and bland. Service was so so. Won't be returning. sorry.I really didn't like the food here. I came here as people told me this was really good Mexican. Honestly, it's more like tex-mex. I thought food was bland, dry, boring. I've had way better elsewhere with bigger portions for the same price. If I wanted tex-mex I would rather go to Nando's.I was so excited to see that this restaurant re-opened... Unfortunately that was short lived :-(  Took our family of 5 there tonight for dinner. Service was very poor, I think we actually offended our waitress by asking for drink refills! Food was was too salty and we all left with stomach aches. The salsa's were good... But they charged 1.89 for about 2 tbsp of mango salsa :-O.  After they nickel and dimed us we left disappointed .. And will not returnLove all the beans and veggies.  The food type in general is healthy. It is delicious.  But it's not the highest quality.  The service is a little lower than average.  We ordered a meal and it came out to be significantly less than we expected.  When we asked them why it was so sub par they just said that was the price.  We were just surprised they weren't accommodating or at least embarrassed to serve something with only 2 ingredients.  So we sent it back.  The saving grace is the dips.  Best bean dip,  best salsa.  So definitely start the meal with the free chips and dip.Had my first experience with this popular spot today.  Unfortunately, our waitress was on her third day on the job so service was poor.  She and the manager even apologized for that.  But, everyone is new to a job at least once and, as a former restaurant worker, I tend to be quite forgiving.  Whenever I go to a new "ethnic" restaurant I usually order one of the "baseline dishes," because if these dishes are good the rest of the menu items are also usually good.   Here I did a taco and a cheese enchilada combo.  First, I couldn't get ground beef even though the waitress told me ground beef was an option, instead I got big chucks of shredded beef in the taco.  The pieces were dry and tough, so as I bit into the taco shell I ended up with a huge hunk of beef hanging out of my mouth with a little piece of shell.  Not at all good.  Most disappointing, though, was the complete lack of "zing" in any of the food I had.  Everything was bland, bland, bland, even the salsas served at the beginning of the meal were lackluster!  I could not taste any cilantro or jalapeno in anything!  Mexican food is supposed to have a little kick in it, but not here.  Even Taco Bell has more spice and flavor than Gecko Grill.  My wife ordered a Seafood Grande with the sauce on the side as she is extremely sensitive to any level of spicy food.  Turned out there was no sauce in this dish but the burro was covered with melted pepperjack cheese because that's too hot for her.  She sent it back and ordered a shredded beef chimi.  The staff did get that out fairly rapidly.  While my wife liked this dish, she did admit that the chucks of shredded beef were very dry and not until she poured some of the liquidy bean dip on the meat was she satisfied with it.  I tasted some of the beef and it was very dry, just as in my taco.  Also, she got a little cup of salsa fresca with her chimi but thought it was more like pico de gallo.  I tasted it and it was so oniony that I actually spit it out into my napkin.  YUK!  The onions tasted as if they had been soaking in the pico de gallo for several days.  I'm not able to recommend this place to anyone unless you want to pretend you are eating Mexican food and are satisfied with the "gringo" blandness that permeates their menu.We had been sitting here on this beautiful patio for at least 20 minutes when my boyfriend, who has a booming radio DJ voice, yelled across other diners to someone else's waitperson like a Wall Street trader doing a long shot purchase "EXCUSE ME, WE ARE READY TO ORDER!" The salsa could use some heat and waaaaay less salt. They didn't bring little plates for the chips and salsa and they have those wrought iron mesh tables that you can see through, so of course the salsa is falling through the table onto our legs! All they had were these tiny cheap napkins! We overheard the family next to us as they were eating their shrimp cocktails say "we don't have time to wait for our meals could you please cancel our order?" They had obviously been waiting to place their order as long or longer than we had.Our order finally came and while the food was good it was extremely bland.  I asked if they had a spicier hot sauce or salsa and she said yes and brought me something equally as bland as the first two. So if you're looking for a nice atmosphere bland food and the worst service ever this is the place for you!WARNING:  If using a buy one, get one 1/2 off entree coupon:  Don't expect to get your margaritas for the happy hour price.  Order water instead.  You cannot use a coupon and get your happy hour drink prices.  Not sure what one has to do with the other but there's a loophole you need to be aware of.  We won't be back.  Food is good so too bad.The food is good,  it's the service that is the problem. When you sit in an empty restaurant for over an hour waiting for your food to come out only to be told there's a "ticket problem" in the kitchen so your order didn't go in (with no apology), it's time to rethink your breakfast choices. This is the 3rd time I've tried this place and the 2nd time I've waited over an hour for my food. Won't be back. On a side note,  2 stars because the food is good. .maybe try take out.I'll be short and quick. This is our second time here the first time food was amazing customer service was ok we were please that we decided to go back with the thought of getting delicious meals, but nop.I order nachos I had the craving for them and my wife order a veggie burrito . I'm sorry to say but the nachos were super horrible greasy blunt nothing there , circle k has better nachos for half the price they were gross my wife veggie burrito was also bad just no flavor nothing to be amaze . Very disappointing. Our waiter said that food comes out differently sometimes because depends on the cook who's making the food . No consistency at all in meals. Our waiter could care less. We eat almost nothing of our food just plane gross !! I'm going to have think twice about giving them my business . That's what happens when you try to support local businesses.It's clean and the waitress was good and pleasant, the food  not so much. Fish tacos were just awful. I just don't like sweet fish or soggy corn tortillas. The fish was dark not nice and white. For the price they should use a better fish. Chips were good and so was the bean dip. I may go back and try something simpler. But only if I'm in the area     Won't go out of my way.My husband and I went on a friday night ...busy wait was 15 minutes not bad. We both already knew what we wanted reviewed the menu while waiting. The waitress was nice. Very busy place ...long wait for food. Ordered chimichangas and street tacos plate. My tacos were so salty one taco was cold wierd !  Although the food wasnt perfect i probably wont return due to not feeling well after eating here!Meh. It's ok. We wanted Mexican food and this popped up in the search. It's highly mediocre, and filled a hole in my tummy. Not very creative with the recipes, though. I can make what they served me at home. There are too many other places to try. I probably won't be back.Food was below par and service was below par. Had a chimichanga for my main course. Wasn't outright bad but not great. Chips and salsa were slow to refill and salsa containers were small and difficult to dip into unless it was right in front of you. Had a margarita which again was not bad but great.The outdoor courtyard was nice but in itself not enough to bring me back when there are much better options in the area.When we asked for more salsa and bean dip with our chips, we were told we would be charged extra? I ordered a cheese enchilada and asked if it came with onions. 'No, I would have to charge you extra for onions....'  Food was just average... Too many other great Mexican restaurants in the area... Would recommend you go to one of them!!We're craving some Mexican Food. Cantina Laredo was a lil far from where we were, so we opted for Gecko Grille.We ordered Nachos Supreme Asada. We love that the chips were thin and flavourful, and crunchy. However, the meat were overcooked, rubbery, and salty. For the price, it was not worth it.The place was a mess when we arrived. There were wet seats, tables were dirty, and music was a lil loud to carry a normal conversation.Our server was pleasant, a lil slow, but pleasant.Overall, It's just ok for us.Poor service from a completely un motivated waitress who insisted substitutions were not allowed though they menu states they are. Tried to build the requested combo a la cart but she misses parts of the order. Food was okay but below expectations based on other locations. I highly suggest you skip this restaurant and visit their Gilbert road sister location.Checked out Ahi even after reading reviews to see if the reviews were spot on.The service staff is slow at getting the water out. The wasabi is from a tube squeezed out and the portion was uneven to what I had gotten and my wife's.There was a promo running all plates were 2 dollars. The selection was decent but the quality was subpar,  the basic California rolls were gross. The rice seem very hard. They had some unusual rolls like banana tempura,  rolls with lettuce. Best roll there was their explosion and Ahi roll. The quality for the price is in consistent. Some rolls seem to be good value as other rolls were not. They had items like jello for 2 bucks which is a rip off. We also got dessert,  3 flavors of mochi. Ice cream for 2 bucks each too. Once again a rip off. It's 2 bucks for 1 ice cream with a little whip cream and chocolate syrup. And the place was insanely lit up I felt like I was dining inside a Walmart with there 100 fluorescent lights.We won't be returning to this establishment again. There are 2 other ones much better in this area.My fianc and I are sushi lovers and have been to revolving sushi places before so we thought we would try this one out. Price- The plates are color coded and the most common color is blue which is $2.00.  You get 3 very small pieces of room temperature sushi. Quality- This is very low quality sushi. I'll clarify by saying that I'm not afraid I'm going to get sick, but I wish I would have just picked up some from the grocery store because at least the fish is cold. Close Alternate Option: I would go to Orient Sudhi on McQueen and Elliot for $3.50 you get an entire roll prepared fresh. The Positive: This place is EXTREMELY clean and I couldn't have asked for a better wait staff. Just wish their food matched their service. We won't be back. :-/Let me start off by saying I wasn't really expecting much when we came here. It's revolving sushi after all. But I found a Groupon and thought it would be a good opportunity to try out a new place.Upon walking in the decor is just god awful. From the fiberoptic crystal chandeliers to the lime green walls and orange counters, tacky doesn't begin to describe the place. It was pretty busy too being a Friday night.As can happen at these places, for the first 40 minutes all we saw was crap rolls. The good stuff didn't come by until we were pretty full which left us very disappointed. We showed up around 7 pm, so maybe we missed the initial dinner rush where all the good stuff was snatched up, but I wasn't really happy to see that the caterpillar rolls and tamago and what not all came out after we had asked for our check.The rolls are TINY. If there was a Guinness Book of World Records entry for smallest commercial sushi rolls this place would surely win. You can also tell the people making the rolls are either very rushed, or very inexperienced. One of the shrimp roles I grabbed didn't even have shrimp in it. :( They are all very poorly put together with the meagerist of fillings. The larger rolls- on the purple plates- are far better, but you pay more for them. If they've been out for a while you are also greeted with room temperature sushi, which is disgusting. Biggest complaint, however, was the level of service. We sat for five minutes before a waiter came by. We waited another 10-15 minutes before our drinks arrived. By the time they came, we were on the verge of full and didn't really want them any more. I know it is a large restaurant, but it's not like you are taking orders or serving food! You have very few jobs as a server in this place- to get drinks, to count plates, to get the check and sure, to give the one off menu item. There is absolutely NO excuse for poor service! In short, we won't be returning. Masa Sushi up the street is ten times better.We got a Groupon to this place and were disappointed.  The rice in many rolls seemed stale/slightly chewy/old, and the portions were very small.  The shrimp tempura did not have actual tempura batter, but standard American breading, and the dipping sauce had an unusual taste.  Servers took a very long time to bring drinks, even though the restaurant was not crowded, and orders we placed from the menu took extremely long to arrive.  The wait staff seemed inexperienced or desultory, and some of the rolls did not seem very expertly made.  I've had better sushi elsewhere, and won't be back.We do not recommend this place.  While the look is fine, there are several problems that made it unpleasant.  The A.C. was not sufficient.  It was warm inside, and not because of overcrowding.  There was no seating for waiting patrons, except for the concrete benches outside, in the sun, in 100 deg.+ temps.  After 15-20 minutes we were seated and there was very little on the belt (6 ft -10 ft empty spaces) except for desserts.  Unlike other places like this we've been to, the bulk of the dishes were on blue ($2.00) plates and the portions were small.  The variety was limited and by the time anything got to us, it was gone.  We ordered a special dish and it took forever to arrive.  The service was bad, bad, bad.  We had to ask the waiter for wasabi!  It will be a LONG time before we try this place again, if at all.A couple things from my Friday night Experience1. Not much seating for waiting. 2 benches outside and 4 chairs on the inside. I only care because my out of town mother was with me. 2. The music was extremely loud.3. I sat directly 2 feet across from this older gentlemen on the other side of the belt who just stared at me. Awkward....4. I counted 12 minutes exactly before something other than cheesecake passed my way on the belt. I saw many signs for rolls but nothing behind them.5. The pieces were cut super thin and there were only 3 to a plate which makes the price too high for my taste.On the plus side, I tried some things I don't normally like (i.e. cream cheese in rolls) because I was super hungry and the options passing me by were coming  every 4 minutes (literally). I found out, yep, still don't like cream cheese in my rolls. I recommend going to Teharu Sushi in South Tempe if you want something on the East side. It's not the greatest sushi either but you get four larger pieces on cheaper plates, the belts are full, and there's more indoor seating for waiting. It's also smaller so the wait is long but I think Ahi might be too big (it's huge!) to keep belts full.Well, I wanted to like this place because its really close to home... But it just isn't great. The sushi pieces are super small and only 3 per plate, so the cost adds up really quickly! We had a groupon and still ended up paying more than it was worth. The sushi was ok, nothing outstanding but I guess it was good quality. We will be going to Teharu in Tempe for a more fulfilling and reasonably priced meal.New Revolving sushi in town and a Groupon for it. . . . SOLD! After buying this Groupon deal online we came here last night for dinner. The decor and style of the restaurant was very hip and colorful. The layout of the establishment was horrible. If you were sitting in the inner bar and wanted to use the restroom. You had to walk all the way around and over, Just to get to it. The service was awesome; friendly and helpful. Thank you, Carlos.  The food: Let's just say I enjoyed the coconut shrimp and fried rice more than the sushi. The sushi was very SMALL portioned and bland - I've been to many revolving sushi establishments around town and never seen/had such a small amount of sushi on a plate for the same price.PS if it hadn't been for the great service, this place would have gotten a one star.I'm alwayssssss up for trying new sushi! Especially if it's inexpensive and revolving! =)We had bought a Groupon for this place and it's actually right down the street from my house so we wanted to try it out. I guess I kind of went in with high expectations since my other favorite revolving sushi place is Teharu and I absolutely love them...I felt like the food portions were sooooo tiny... I felt like they did this on purpose so you keep getting more and more sushi. Not only that but the sushi just didn't taste fresh. I think it was just straight bland. There were a few rolls that had such a strange combination. For example, there was a roll that had peanuts with avocado. No bueno! Then you had your tempura mixed with bananas. lol. I see that they're trying to make their rolls creative but I can't see peanuts, rice and avocado being a good mix. The only good thing I would say is that the staff was extremely friendly. At the end though we didn't reach our limit on our Groupon and it took them what felt like forever to figure it out. I most likely won't be coming back here to get my sushi fix on. =/So I've been meaning to try this place and when I stopped by the first time they were still under construction so I waited for a couple of weeks and they were finally opened. I went here during lunch to get something quick and easy. I went in not expecting a whole lot from this place since I haven't really been too impressed with a lot of the revolving sushi restaurants here in AZ. It was really slow when I went during lunch, which I understand since sushi isn't really an ideal place to eat or have for lunch anyways...The outside and inside of this place is actually pretty big and they have 3 main tables where the revolving sushi rotates around. I sat down and just looked at all their sushi rolls that they had and I can immediately tell that they weren't really that fresh. It looked like they've been sitting out for awhile and the avocados on some of the rolls were just looking a little too dark. Their Las Vegas roll was super cold, some of their rolls were just kind of falling apart and didn't really look like rolls anymore. I was not impressed and I was not satisfied with my lunch that day either so after approximately 30 min. of being there we just paid and left and I ended up getting Chickfila nuggets after =/Service was ok, I can't really complain about our waitress really since we were the only ones in there but she was nice and she kept asking if we needed anything. There were also 3 young sushi chefs that were in the sushi bar area right across from us where we sat and when we walked in they just starred and didn't even acknowledge us and said hi or anything.I'm a big sushi person and I haven't really done much revolving sushi. However, this place gave me a "meh" feeling towards it. I hope there are better revolving sushi places out there because I don't want this to be a permanent feeling. I came here with some great friends and of course I was feeling sushi and was super ready to grub down plates on plates. The outcome however didn't lead that way. The sushi here was very small and the flavoring of each roll just didn't give me that satisfied taste. I had this peanut roll and that just gave me the worst aftertaste. I would no recommend it, maybe it's just me. The tempura roll, crab roll, and Caterpillar roll just wasn't hitting my taste bud as well. They just didn't have the kick of flavor and it felt like the sushi has been there for a while just rotating around collecting air. The staff was pretty slow at getting back to us at well. But I don't want to blame the staff, maybe he was new? I wouldn't really recommend this place to a friend, especially if they haven't experienced this yet. it would scar myself and make me not change  my thoughts on sushi.Even after reading all the bad reviews on here; I went ahead and tried it out because my cousins wanted to try it. Lets just say these reviewers know what they're talking about. Being a pretty big sushi fan I have to agree 100% this place is just not very good. Lets start off with the sushi. First impressions, while waiting for my party to arrive, I scanned through all the different selections of what was available. Like all the other reviewers, these portions are incredibly small. Not only is the quantity per plate is small but also the sushi itself; it is half the size of a regular sushi roll. I was pretty disappointed of the quantity of plates just sitting on the conveyer belt with so little customers in the restaurant. I literally saw the same plate that no one wants go by the entire time my party was there. The flavor of each sushi was ok; some did not taste as fresh as others but that's to be expected of a revolving sushi. The nigiri had just a bit too much rice.Next, lets talk about the service. Our waiter was good at best, he made sure our drinks were constantly refilled, and picked up our plate toppers in a timely fashion which is a plus. That is possibly the only thing good out of service; now to the bad, one of my cousin had asked for some paper napkins because she had spilled some of the soy sauce early on during our dinner. By the end we still did not see the napkins. Next, our table had a few orders of edamame and generally when bringing out edamame you are suppose to bring an extra bowl to discard the uneaten portion, but no we had to ask our waiter to bring us the extra bowls, and also little dishes to put soy sauce in to dip our sushi. This stuff is just common knowledge of a sushi restaurant; the customers should never have to ask for these things. Lastly, another cousin had ordered some fried calamari, but it took forever for it to come out; didn't see it come out till we were pretty much done with our dinner.Congrats you've made it this far!! Thanks for hanging in there, but please keep reading just a bit more. Now to the decor; I have to say this is probably the only thing I liked about the place. Everything looked very clean and modern. Place was very well lit. Table choice however were a bit small, maybe this place isn't very well set up for larger parties. That seems to sum up my thoughts on this place; could probably keep going on but you all seem to get the point. Thanks for reading!I will preface this by saying I just returned from living in Japan for two years. I love sushi and have been trying to find something to fill the void present since Japan. Sadly, this place did not fill that void. If you are looking for quality nigiri sushi (slices of fish on rice) or sashimi (fish slices without rice)  then you will be unfortunately disappointed. I was I would recommend RA sushi down the streetif you're looking for a first-time sushi experience or good quality sushi.The atmosphere was nice and would be very fun for those that have not experienced Kaiten or revolving sushi.Time to update the reviews on this place. Me and wife wanted some sushi again, we showed up..glad to see the place was packed and looks like its doing really well for itself.Something has somewhat changed here. The decor still rocks, but the atmosphere seems some what lacking. Customer Service: seemed to have slipped here, as with so many patrons that it looks disorganized with 3 people cleaning and resetting a table when there are customers who are waiting for orders or drink refills such as I was. We also ordered off the menu and it took nearly 15 minutes to bring out half and we never received an avocado roll that was ordered which we waited for 30 minutes for. Our waiter also disappeared for a little bit and none of the other waiters were able to fill his role or help out with the table. Also one last thing that the workers all seemed unhappy and gave a weird unwelcoming vibe.Food Quality Does not match pricing any more:

    It took our waiter an extremely long time in between each request  of, 'a fork, water, bread, wine, each course, etc.' and our dining experience continued for 3 hours - without dessert, and it was a birthday celebration.  Entirely too long and not enough attention for the mandatory gratuity at the end.

This is not about the returned money $2 only, c'mon! Its about service & BE HONEST TO YOUR GUEST!

Free wifi worked nicely.Negatives

Also after bringing my check something i was afraid was gonna happen was they were gonna stop servicing me.. i never got a refill and it took forever to flag him down to bring me a box but i just ended up leaving because i couldnt get a box for 20 min..

Then the attitude of only one of the younger female employees was pretty rude not only to myself but all the customers that were in line as well.Food was good but the service was not. No one took the time to acknowledge us. There was nothing left to drink in regards to the horchata, mint limeade, etc., and half the tables were all dirty. Meanwhile it was slow. ...at least the food was good. :)The food is good. The customer service is horrible. I asked 2 of the workers questions and they both ignored me.The food is good but the portion they give you is terrible. I counted 10 steaks in my entire burrito, I got more rice than anything and very little cheese. I can't even taste the cheese. The chips are stale and very salty! The salsa is pretty good. The service was okay... Seems like they all were trying to talk and it was confusing me. If their portion size was better I'd be more satisfied.I come to this Chipotle often, and it usually doesn't disappoint. Today, however, they were completely off. When I walked in, there were about 3 or 4 people in line in front of me, but only one guy on the line making their burritos/bowls/tacos etc., and the cashier walked away to wipe down tables. It wasn't until about 5 minutes later that another guy walked out and put on gloves to assist him.Then, when I got up to the counter, I ordered a steak bowl with guacamole to go. The portions this guy gave me were so small and when I mentioned possibly adding more rice, beans, meat, etc., he gave me a surprised look and scooped an extra edge of a spoonful into my bowl. I usually wouldn't mind getting a smaller portion, but for $9.15? Then when I got home, the steak was chewy and I ended up spitting out more than I consumed. Not too thrilled, I don't know what was up with them today.This review is not about the food... obviously Chipotle food is always damn good. All of the workers making the food were wearing gloves (A+) but it's left up to the cashier to place the food onto a tray. The cashier digs her unloved money touching thumb INTO my bowl of food. Says "oh shoot", smears the sour cream mess on her shirt/pants and continues to reach for payment like all is gravy. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to know money and debit cards are crawling in bacteria. She did not apologize, nor did she offer to have them remake my food. I doubt this why would fly with a health food inspector, but it certainly doesn't fly with me. I hope other things like this don't fly under the radar at this location.Went to pick up dinner to go for myself and husband- when I got home only 1 of the 2 burrito bowls I ordered made it into my bag. I love Chipotle, but how hard is it to put my COMPLETE order into the bag? I'm not driving all the way back. Now I have to order a pizza. So disappointed.What it really hurt their bottom line to use a little more meat in their portions? Especially for what they charge!The Ford Focus we rented was fine. Crappy mileage, bare bones, but we wanted economy and that's what we got. The experience of getting it was not so good. We didn't have to wait in long lines, but the guy helping us (name starts with P, but he didn't have a name tag because he's new, so let's just refer to him as "PainInTheAss" or "PITA" from this point), was totally rude, uninterested and obnoxious. He really pushed the hard sale on the insurance, "Did you know if you don't take our coverage and the car is wrecked for ANY reason you could end up paying for it for 30 days? YOUR credit card car rental insurance coverage doesn't cover that." I kept saying, calmly, "Ok, thanks," to each new calamity presented that could befall us, and he got more and more pushy. He shoved the contract at us, never told us about how to mark if there was damage on the car and told us to go to the garage. We go, get said ugly Ford Focus, and head to check out. We get to the check out kiosk, and who is there? PITA! I ask how to mark the dings and stuff, he gives a snotty answer about filling out the form on the dash (which he didn't bother telling us about before we headed out there). So I park the car in the exit lane, nobody else can get out, grab the form, get out, and mark the car damage. He meanwhile tells my husband the California and Nevada rules on using a portable GPS. He's wrong. I then tell him the gas is on 3/4 of a tank. He says, "Oh, it's full, it just doesn't show it." I want to ask if it's full of fairy gas, but instead just say, "Well, this is what it says, so mark it." He marks it at 7/8ths, not 3/4ths. I'm not arguing, it's not worth the 5 bucks of gas. We finally roll. It doesn't get 1 star because bringing the car back was just fine, and the car had satellite radio. Mr. PITA at Dollar, you weren't nice or helpful. I hope they don't give you a name tag, you don't deserve one.My job was suppose to provide me a company car from the Las Vegas government agency. But they ran out of their vehicles. So without making any reservations from one of many rental car companies by McCarran Airport, I picked one and chose Dollar Rent a Car. The only compact car that was available was the Toyota Prius. The fuel-efficient vehicle is only a week old with less than 300 miles. I paid $59.00 a day. Might cost a lot, but at least I don't need to drain much on gas. "Hey, I'm by myself in Vegas. You expect me to rent a Town Car or something nicer?""Nevermind, don't answer!"Like the rating "Meh. I've experienced better".  All the rental car companies are selling the same products but its the customer service that you receive that sets you apart.  My experience with Dollar was OK but not great.  The one REALLY annoying thing is that their customer service reps do at the air port spend a good 10 minutes of your valuable vacation time trying to up sell you.  So fricking annoying!  I booked my rental through Orbitz and I'm expecting to pay $100 for the week.  No I don't want to up grade for an additional $15 a day, no I don't need a navigation (the strip is literally 2.4 miles away), no I don't want to buy our full insurance package and NO I don't want to prepay my tank of gas for $54 when I know I'll only drive max 30 miles.BE FIRM with them because they'll do everything they can to up sell you and have you buy things you don't need.  Get me into my car and let me enjoy my vacation!!!!I've rented from Dollar at this location several times. It's busy, understaffed and disorganized. I tolerate it as they're often the least expensive rental car. Sometimes the line in the garage is long and the lone employee assigning car just sends you to an area of the garage to pick out a car. If left to my own to select a car, I'll wander into the premium area, even though my rental is for a full-size car. Left with a convertible once....no one said anything. Other times, I've ended up in a mini-van. One thing for certain, if you rent a "Dodge Charger or similar", you'll be driving "similar". I think that dollar must own three Chargers in the entire country! I'd prefer Hertz, but if I can't get a discount at Hertz, a weekly rental is in excess of $100. more than Dollar. Bottom line, I tolerate Dollar, and while I've suffered inconveniences, they've never been a horrible experience.I signed up for express.  They had a full tank of gas added to price which they said I requested in my profile.  Not a problem if the price was reasonable, but average Las Vegas per gallon was about $370 and they charged me $414 a gallon!  So, I had them take it off.  Then I went to drive out and there was a crack in the windshield, so they told me to get another car.  I turned around and was grilled by the guy at the express window about whether I had gone out to the street.  (I guess he was thinking I put the crack in the window.)Then there were two vans that would not start.  One without any windshield wiper fluid in it.  One with a broken seat in the back.  Finally the fifth one had some major scratches, but seemed to drive okay.  (Hopefully, they documented all the scratches as I have not returned the van yet.)  All vans clearly had been quickly hosed down as there was dirt streaks on all of them and lots of water spots.  The front passenger side in the van we took had not been vacuumed.The price charged after they took the gas off was the price I was quoted online.  They did not try to sell me any optional insurance or anything.Waiting in line took 2 hours. They only had 3 people working on a Friday afternoon which was frustrating as hell. (note: this was during EDC & the Paquiao fight weekend)We returned the rental and was never given a final receipt - For everyone returning their cars, please ALWAYS ask for a final receipt. A few days later, I checked my bank statement and was overcharged about $100. They charged us for a FULL tank of gas, when i filled up the car with full tank upon returning. I called their customer service line and asked for my final receipt. When i got it, i was surprised that my FUEL was leveled at 7/8 of the tank but yet was charged $102 for gas. Doesn't make sense. It was BOTH wrong.I sent them an email with my original quote when i picked up the car with my gas receipt for proof that i did pay for gas. Finally after a few days, someone replied to me and refunded me the $102 along with what I paid for gas. What is up with car rental companies that always like to mess things up?First,  I wish I read all the negative reviews before making my trip.To be fair, this place probably deserves more than 1 star, but not by much. The plus side is you can pick your own car and the return is speedy (at least at 5am).Now the nightmare part, like many others have said, there is a very long line when you pick up your car. What makes it worse is most people have to spend 10 minutes or more with the rental agent. You have to spend an hour or so just waiting in the line, wondering what's going on. When finally it is your turn, you will find out why. They will ask you irrelevant questions like where you stay then try to sell you everything possible based on your answers. I will definitely NOT going back to this place. Budget, AVIS and Hertz all have very competitive rates in Vegas. Maybe 10-15 dollars more for a weekend rental but it will save you 1 hour of your vacation time and all the hassles. For those of you who still want to choose Dollar, please firmly say no to their sales pitches and do a favor to those who are behind you in the line. I found it amazing that many customers are still in a good chatty mood after 1-hour waiting.Well I just reread my original post about Dollar, and little has changed.  About the cheapest car rental that I've found, but your visit to Las Vegas starts with a long wait, in a long line at the Dollar counter.  Too few employees moving too slowly will likely annoy the crap out of you.  It did me!  Then when you do get to the counter, you get the full-court-press for extras that you can buy, including overpriced, high-profit insurance, or the scare tactics if you dare to suggest that you don't need it. When you get to the garage, there are often too few cars to select.  We rented a "full Size Car", but the only cars available for us were Ford Crown Vic's.  Full size, yes, but I'm not my grandfather yet, so I jumped on the Toyota Camry that slipped into it's slot, fresh out of the car wash. The car was good, and the return experience also good.  I would rent here again, as long as I could prepare myself for the wait and sales speech.When we arrived at McCarren and went to get the rental car, I initially thought "hey, I made the right choice.  Look at these 5-6 people ahead of me in line while either one person or no one was at the other rental car sections all around".  Not the case.  Why?  Later in the weekend I needed a car again, and went with Budget that time.  Budget's price was just as good as Dollar's, and Budget had nicer cars available.  Meanwhile, in this first experience, Dollar only had two people behind the counter.  I don't think I've ever waited in a 5-6 person line for soooooooooooooooo long.  It became painfully frustrating to the point that I considered trying to cancel the reservation on my smartphone and schedule a whole new one at one of the other car rental agencies there.  Not cool Dollar!I think I should start with the positive.  The car we rented was great.  It was clean, new and got great mpg.

Service: 5

When he did come back he didnt offer more water just took the glasses away. Wasnt very enthused. Jk he just brought us drinks back so ill give 2 stars :].

When i got seated i was given a menu to look at. After that, i waited a long time for my server to come back and take my order. I tried looking directly at her as a signal to show i was ready to order and i did see her look back at me. Also, she walked by my table several times without stopping to take my order. I was pretty fed up and asked another worker if he could find my server but he went ahead and just took my order anyways, Right after that ANOTHER server came and introduced himself to us and said our server is switching sections and he will be taking over BUT i still see the server i had assisting tables that were right next to mine. I get having to switch sections but i'm offended she started off with us and left halfway without saying anything.Our second server was great and attentive unlike the first one i had.food was good ... service was terrible to say the least. bartender totally distracted and not interested out server talked way too much about his life story...we had sirancha tator tots...yummy but the poor service dominated the eveningSo, bring me new silverware when you take my appetizer plates away. Don't make me put my silverware back on your dirty placemats to use again. This isn't McDonald's.Our server didn't even look at us when talking to us or taking out order. He was watching something on the other side of the restaurant.  He was rude and condescending. The bartenders were very nice and made some good cocktails. I liked the players cup. Unfortunately our server made our visit to Public School an unpleasant experience.Food was ok.   Our server seemed very unsure of herself. I had 3 diet cokes and didn't learn until the bill came that they charge for each drink. My friend ordered her burger without a bun, and server came back 3 times with questions. The burger and fries were good but with my diet cokes, I spent $30 for lunch.  Server dropped off our credit card slips and no thank you or have a nice day. Poor customer service. Don't think I will be returning.I really wish I could give Public School a better review. Their menu and beer selection is good and there are some unique items but at the end of the day, it's just another Yardhouse, BJs, etc. Vegas has a million of these places already so it really didn't stand out in any significant way. The theme and decor are pretty cool though so that was a bit of a different spin on things. I had the shrimp and grits, were were tasty and a portion that was a decent size. My wife had the Chicken and Waffles were were a large portion and very good. Father-in-law had a jalapeno and pepperoni pizza that he liked and mom-in-law had fish and chips...they looked nice and she said they were OK. That's the good. Now time for the bad.Service was OK but not great. It was a busy Friday night but still...not the best. My meal really wasn't very hot considering it was being served in a skillet so my bet is that it was sitting under a heat lamp for a few minutes. It was just hot enough to eat and not cold enough tow warrant sending it back but it should have been hotter. While they do have a decent selection of brews, their prices were really high for what you were getting. Once you start charging $9+ for a pint, that's getting to be a bit obnoxious, regardless of what kind of micro-brew it came from. All of that is insignificant though by comparison to the noise. Let me make this as clear as possible. This place is SO FUCKING LOUD!!! I've been to Metallica concerts that weren't as loud as eating in this place. Seriously, if you are planning on having any form of conversation during your meal, you need to bring a bullhorn and set the volume on that sucker to 11. If you are not planning on having a conversation, ear-plugs should be mandatory. When we all left, it felt so pleasant to just hear a little silence for a few minutes. The noise alone is the reason none of us would ever return, so in case you missed it the first time, this place is FUCKING LOUD INSIDE!!!!!!!!!!!!!If you're going to claim that you service brunch, serve more than just a few items.   Disappointed to get here and see only a handful of items.   No omelette, no pancakes, no fruit, no granola.    Curry chicken and waffles is great I'm sure - but you've gotta offer some basic brunch items.  I may or may not try this spot again for lunch or dinner.   Seemed like a nice place...just don't go for brunch.Really cool concept for the whole restaurant. The decor, the white boards, and the menu made you feel like your were back in elementary school. I just wished the service and the food was better!FOOD

Don't go to any buffet for sushiDessert:

The service is great, all the staff are friendly. The movies they show are always top notch and such fun themes. You can grab a beer or two from the store next door and settle in to watch you favorite flick ONLY if you are a tiny person. The chairs are a horror show if you have any hips or are over a size 10. Now i admit the size and of my hips is my own responsibility, but come on... I'm not that big! Squeezing into those seats is super uncomfortable and my boyfriend who is taller had no leg room. I watched one poor big guy struggle and fail to fit in the seats and have to go sit on the futons down front with all the kids and the garaunteed neck strain. They chose to cram in as many of the smallest chairs possible. So nope, our trip to see Goonies was our last. I'll stay home where i can catch pretty much every movie they show on Netflix, I can drink whatever beer I want and I don't have to squeeze my ample Italian booty into a seat made for Kate moss.I love KFC's food.  I hate trying to buy it in this location's drive thru.  I don't know why I never learn, but this location either has the worst systems in place, or the worst manager of those systems in place.  I pretty much drive-thru almost every time but I'll bet it is 80% of the time that something is either wrong or I've asked for something and it's missing.  It doesn't matter what I order - something is missing and that could be a spoon for the mashed potatoes, it could be straws, butter, honey, napkins, a food item...etc. I will go a couple of months before I visit again because I know they're going to jack it up and then I'll get the urge and sure enough, they DO jack it up!  I have lived by this KFC for 14 years....I have a lot of experience to write this review from.  Some day I will learn not to drive away from the window until I have checked every item.The worst location as far as getting right of any fast food location I have ever frequented - and I'm 48.Good Food, very very very dirty place is sad, to see the employed just don't care for the place, i have to wait 20 min for chicken breast because they have nothing cook at 7pm :-/Was just fair enviorment could be better although the price was pretty fair paid about 45 for both nails and toes only lasted about a week and a half thoclean and big salon, but poor service. i went in asking for shellac color on my finger and toenails. the nail technician outright refused to do a simple color on my nails, and insisted i get a full manicure ($30 instead of $15). i deliberately cut and file my own nails before an appointment to avoid this. the only difference between the color and full manicure was that she soaked and cut my cuticles. they were not long to begin with, but she cut them so short that they bled on two of my fingers. no apologies, naturally. the shellac she applied was thick and lumpy, and just over a week later a few of them are already peeling and looking tacky. to top it all off, she tried to charge me $5 more than the advertised prices because "they've just changed". i won't be back.I was really excited to see this country themed bar come to Westgate. I have eaten there twice now and I actually do enjoy the food a lot. The drinks are delicious but a little pricey. They had a live band one of the nights that I went there and the band was pretty good and were very upbeat which was nice. The part that I have a really big problem with is the service. The first time I went there it was slow, our girl hardly ever checked on us to see if we needed more to drink or how our food tasted. The second time that I went there a few friends and I sat at a table by the bar and waited 15 minutes before finally my boyfriend got up and walked over to one of the waitresses and asked for some service. When she finally took our orders she seemed annoyed at us, like we were bothering her. I really hope that the staff starts giving better service or else this place will not do well. Also, the girls that work there look kind of trashy.. That makes women not want to go there. It's not hooters, so they shouldn't dress like they are working at hooters. One more thing, the staff should not be flirting in front of the customers. I think that should not be allowed at all. It made me and those at my table feel awkward to see girl and guy employees flirting with each other right in front of us..Service sucks so bad here. Food is alright and drinks are pretty tasty. But this time it took our server forever to get us any thing to drink and take our food order. She checked on us once-we had to go up to the bar to get new drinks. DisappointedWeak drinks, there I said it. Country music atmosphere. Plenty of T&A from the staff though. Overall average bar nothing specialWe stopped on a Sunday night, not many people, menu looked fairly good.. we were seated and served pretty quickly. After giving our drink order, another waitress stopped by and said she was sorry, she had not seen us and this was her area.. we told her we had already been served. So our original waitress brings back the drinks and takes our order.... after a while she brings our entrees, she had forgot the appetizer.. we asked another waitress for some water as we did not see ours for awhile, we did not get water from her.. the original came back, we asked again for water and she did get it promptly... then as we were eating I notice our watiress at a table somewhat behind ours, she was talking to the people at that table and seemed to know them, she was there a good 10 minutes.. checking her phone , texting etc.. There were 4 waitresses for about 18 guests, not tables of guests but guests total.. My wife said her steak salad was good, she had her dressing on the side.. my ceasar with salmon was ok, but way to much dressing on it..  They did not have draft beer which was surprising.. we decided on cocktails.. they were fairly weak..  Do yourself a favor and do not bother with this place..Me and my boyfriend went there last night for Whiskey Girl's Night... because it seemed promising in the advertisement. First off, I was one of 5 ladies in this bar... it was full of older gentlemen (which is fine...but I was expecting a more upbeat dancing kind of crowd and atmosphere).  The waitress was sweet but couldn't seem to hear us very well and wasn't very knowledgeable about shots/drinks.  This place is suffering from a serious identity crisis as well, the DJ was playing country, then rock, then footloose :P No one was dancing. If you are going to advertise a dance floor... play music that people can actually dance too... just saying.Guys also had to pay a $5 cover to get in, which is laughable once you experience what you just paid for. The only reason I am giving this place 2 stars instead of one is that the food was great. I got the Berry Salad with Salmon and it was pretty yummy.The food was delicious . The service was terrible. After waiting 20 minutes to put in a food order the server brought us the wrong food and even left out part of our order. When we paid our tab she took the money and never came back . My husband had to sit there for 15 minutes and ask her for our change. The tab was 40 dollars and we gave her a 50. Assuming a 10 dollar tip was pretentious considering the fact that she screwed up the order on a rather slow night. I can look past most things, but coming from someone who used to serve tables , you should always bring back someone's change.Holy amazing incompetence. Went to a blackhawks game and hit this up afterwards. Ordered four drinks. About twenty minutes later the wrong order came out. My favorite was the crystal clear jack and coke that the server said she would bring coke over right over right away to fix. Ummmm it's impossible to turn a vodka soda into a jack and coke. Thanks for trying.We moved to the valley 5 months ago and this is the first restaurant review I'm writing because we were pretty disappointed with our meal at Whiskey Rose.  First off, we sat on the patio and it was extremely loud.  We like looking at everything around Westgate but this restaurant is more like a bar setting even though their food menu is huge.  So it's a pretty irritating setting for a meal with friends when you have to YELL at each other to talk.  Second my glass of wine was served in a mason jar.  Trashy.  Third I had purchased a groupon when we decided to go there, and I couldn't use it because it was an 'event day' (aka there was a hockey game) even though we ate our meal while the game was going so we clearly weren't there for that. I didn't even know there was a game, so you're telling me before we go out to eat I need to check and make sure there isn't anything going on?  We ended up paying a lot of money for mediocre food (and small portions).  The worst part is I have to go back to use my groupon or just eat the money.  I don't like returning to the same place twice if the food is just 'ok'.  Whiskey Rose isn't a place I'd like to go back to.Came for the free appetizer. The brisket quesadilla lacked enough cheese and the brisket is bland. Liked the Mac and Cheese and he liked the links.First of all, I was there Sat. evening, 6/13 which was the evening of the Aerosmith concert.  All restaurants were packed & had wait times of an hour or more.  Whiskey Rose gave me a wait time of 40 mins, since I was alone.  I'm waiting outside & now when the wait time is pushing an hour, I'm starting to get annoyed as the arena will be opening the doors in 15 mins.  I went back to the desk, told the girls that you told me the wait time was going to be 40 mins, we're now at 1 hour.  Can you seat me or not?  I, also, said that if they can't seat me, please be up front about it, & I'll just go on to the arena, getting something to eat at one of the snack bars.  They told me they could seat me in a corner, I said fine that I simply want to get dinner at this point.Now, on to my meal.  I ordered the beef brisket with sides of beans & cole slaw.  I got the lean brisket which might have been the problem.  When my plate was brought out, the brisket was cold, had some cold BBQ sauce drizzled over it.  The meat was very tough.  The sides were ok.  I know I should have brought this to my server's attention, under normal conditions I would have.  At this point, I simply wanted to eat what I could stand, pay my check, & get to the concert.  Service was adequate.  Place terribly noisy.  I paid $16 for pretty bad BBQ which might have been worth $6.I live in Chandler, so seriously doubt that I will be going back here, again.  If I am in Glendale for a concert in the future, & want to get a meal, it most certainly will not be at WR.  I'll just get something to eat in my area before I start the drive to GlendaleI was out this weekend at Whiskey Rose and not only were the drinks weak (I ordered a double and watched as they barely pored more that a single) but the bartender Savannah looked at me repeatedly over the 5 minutes I stood at the bar without ever asking what I wanted, but then as soon as her friends walked up next to me she stopped what she was doing to say hi and served them immediately. Even after that, she still didn't ask what I wanted, one of the other girls finally took care of me. Bad service and poor drinks. There are better places in Westgate to spend your moneyFood took a very, very long time to come out! Long time waiting,  fried rice was good, curry hot pot was amazing and the squab was a huge disappointment.  Especially since we waited so very long for it. Skip this place, maybe the food in the cafe was better.I ordered pretty simple items, the food was okay; service was lagging, but not too bad. I ordered sweet potato fries and steamed pork buns. Not too bad. The buns were just okay. Sweet potato fries were good, but not sure how you could mess that up, honestly. Alright for a quick bite to eat, but I wouldn't come here looking for a substantial meal.Atlas as had pretty good selection including some harder to find beers.  It used to be a decent option to buy a bottle or two prior to going to Smoke (back when smoke was BYOB) and it is nice that they sell all bottles as singles.  The reason for only being two stars is the prohibitive pricing.  If you are only looking for a single 12 ounce bottle it's not that bad...actually similar to what you'd pay at a bar in the area, but if you're looking to buy a six pack or build your own six pack, even with the 10% discount on six packs, the total is about 1.5-2 times the price of say Market District or other similar retailers.I have been to Osheaga twice and while I can't say I regret going, I cannot see myself going again in the future. As someone who has had an amazing time attending smaller, creative-flow art type festivals, I find the vibe at Osheaga really weird. It kind of feels like the majority of attendees are the rich, snobby, and generally disrespectful teenagers that you made fun of in high school (who have aged 5 years)... it's a bit much to them all in the same park. So much littering and disrespectful vibes!"FUCK YEAH BRAH WE'RE AT OSHEAGA BRAH, LOOK AT THAT BITCHES ---"

Now it's not the $.50 I really care about it's the fact, this douche knuckle wanted to argue with me over it.Get games that work and get rid of your douchebag employees and maybe that 2 stars can go to 3. Right now you're nothing more than a hip idea, that's riding the media wave it's garnered.I've played my fair share of games, from retro to the modern.. this place seems to have em all; But coming on a Saturday night rendered everything unplayable due to the packed house. I could barely even walk through the joint with all the people inside.I could see this place being a decent hangout spot to kill time in the afternoon. But at night, this place turns into a sausage fest to which you can't even navigate to play a game in order to forget that you're in this bratwurst bash. It seems like the place is clashing two incompatible cultures: nerd-culture and nightlife. It's sad to see the obvious gamer (me) slouched down sadly because he can't get to his Galaga machine. There's no one playing it, but there's a group of bros trying to hit on the 1 of 5 girls in the entire building.Yeah, the music was bangin'. And yeah, the place did look pretty cool. However, I went here with a couple buddies to simply play games, grab a few drinks, and avoid the "clubbing" atmosphere. We were unable to play any games and the club was brought to us. We ended up walking out and sought something else to do.Great place, great idea, worst bartenders I've ever had.The vibe is so awesome when you walk in, the musics bumping, surrounded by games.  Surprisingly there was plenty of chicks both night I've went.  But seriously the bartenders kill the whole experience.  Slightly over priced drinks, but horrible barstaff.  Half of them look like this was the first time they ever made any kid of mixed drink, and they even take forever to get you a beer.  15 minutes + just to grab a beer.  25 minute wait just to cash out your bar tab.  I would really like to see this place succeed but if they don't improve their service they will not last, especially with Griffin's right across the street who has excellent service and cheap drinks.  (yes I know griffins doesn't have games but still, what happens to insert coins when people stop using their bar)Oh ya, and why the hell don't they have a wii??  Las Vegas has such a huge ssbb community and everyones a mario fan... wtf.Couldn't wait to check this place out.  I walked in today (Monday) at 7pm wanted to check it out, have a beer and watch the game (nba playoffs).

      - No Desk lamp but there are bed lampsUnacceptable conditions:

2. Panang Curry - Beef, 8.95

The restaurant wasn't full, but was so loud that it was hard to have a conversation. Our waiter wasn't very friendly or forthcoming with service (we had to ask for water and then leave the money on the table because he was busy talking to coworkers)

-Chorizo Sausage Pizza: Also had tomatoes, and I forgot what else. Taste was slightly above average, but again, very sparse toppings. I think there were probably 7 or 8 very small pieces of sausage on the entire pizza.Service was mediocre at best. The server was friendly but he was pretty absentminded...or maybe he just didn't care that much about doing a good job? He had to be flagged down to refill our water pitcher even though he had walked by our table and the restaurant was not busy, he poured water into my boyfriend's cup but not mines even though mines was empty, he brought us red pepper flakes for our pizza when we were halfway done w/ eating them, etc. Also, the cooks thanked another party for coming as they exited the door, but did not say one word to us...huge pet peeve of mines. We had still tipped 20%, but it was not deserved.I don't think we will be back, we will stick with Spoon next time we are looking for a nicer restaurant in the area.Yes the pizza is pretty good.  It has a nice crust, oven cooks to perfection and topping combos are unique.  But a good pizza and night out should not cost you $180 for 4.  No reservations is annoying and people mill about the bar staring at your table. Wine list is very average if not sub par and after some olives and salami, an average salad and regrettably average wine... Even a nice pizza could not save me.  Proper pizza is making a comeback and with il pizziolo and mercurio's on walnut... There are better options than dinette.Tried this place for the first time with my family today. Such a bummer. The food was great - so on food alone, I'd give it 4 stars. But holy crap - we thought we were being pranked or something by how crappy the service was!I mean - bad. I don't think our server said a word to us the entire time we were there. For the price - not worth it at all. There are plenty of places in Pgh where the food is as good and the experience is a hell of a lot better. Save your money.All of our group of 7 agreed we would not go back. Pizza was just OK, toppings sparse, and expensive for even really good pizza. The noise level was terrible. High industrial ceilings and crowded room with screaming kids = unpleasant dining experience.My experience with Dinette.....well, lets just say i was extremely unimpressed with both the food and the service.  The inside decorations left me feeling like i was dining at IKEA.  If you are going to charge an average of $16 for a small individual pizza it better be good!  This was not the case as toppings are odd and barely present, the dough was tasteless and chewy, and the presentation leaving much to be desired.  Appetizers were not good and overpriced, and the wine list makes no sense with the food being served.  BTW, $12 average price for a glass of wine that sells for $10 a bottle at the store...seriously?  Another urban hipster smoke and mirrors restaurant that a couple can go to and spend $100 for cheap pizza and bad wine.Food was ok but personally I'd say it's over hyped. Extremely unorganised business and critically understaffed, we were waiting for over a half hour for a simple coffee. Only two people working on a very busy Saturday morning, they had their work cut out for them!Truth in advertising would require their name to be Design Out Of Reach.A correct description of the collection would be "reproductions of modern and mid century modern classics", and yes you have to pay through the nose for a licensed copy, which these are.Charles Eames died 42 years ago, how much longer should his designs be copyrighted?Seriously, please pick up your dog's waste. When I go to get mine I inevitably find piles everywhere that dog owners have left. Stewardship is more than just feeding your animal and walking it. The main reason is not because it stinks or is unsightly, dog feces carries a host of communicable organisms. I know it's unpleasant but you made that commitment when you got a dog. ((Steps down from soapbox)).This will be a short review right to the point.  I bought two brownies to go and was charged 8.30 for the pleasure. Actually I was originally asked for 7.70 until the girl claimed the price has gone up a few days ago and she's forgotten. I was equally not impressed and shocked to silence at the cost of two brownies and with her rather rude attitude when I questioned the price. I've bought more intricate cupcakes from other bakeries around town and been charged half the price I was asked for these brownies so needless to say I was less than impressed.  The brownies were quite tasty, but for over 4 each they were not that tasty. This place is stupidly overpriced and I will not be heading back!It's such a shame really... I used to enjoy going to Howies Restaurant, enjoying there changing menu but I have to say that when I went last week I was quite disappointed with it all really.I should have known that it was going to be less then a great evening when we ended up seated next to the doors to the toilets, surely it would make sense to screen this off or have a whole other door to the them as the last thing either myself or my dinning companions wanted to see while we were eating was the loos, kinda puts you off of your meal a little bit.They also had everyone squeezed into the same side of the restaurant for some reason, so we were left having to scoot our table even closer to the loos when the table next to us was filled and there was little room left to maneuverer on one side of the table.Having received a bowl of bread with not quite enough in it to evenly share out and even less butter we all ordered from what looked like a rather good menu.I went for their tomato and crab soup which tasted mostly of pepper and was served so hot that my bowl was still steaming when the other people in my party had long finished their starters and i was left trying to conquer my molten soup alone. I have to say I was very disappointed by the soup as i love fresh crab but feel that it's sweet flavor was just lost.My hope was now resting on my main of pan fried tuna, but again I have to say I was already concerned as when i had ordered it i had asked if it came still pink in the middle, which I have to say is one of the best ways to have a lovely fresh piece of tuna, but the waitress looked at me like i was speaking another language. So when it arrived it was safe to say it was very much cooked all the way though, but to my surprise that wasn't what shocked me the most. What really got me was the fact that it had a huge piece of bone in it. Now I have eaten tuna, a lot, in various places and I have never ever been served a piece with a huge bit of bone hanging of one end of it, in fact it looked more like a pork chop. It's saving grace was that it actually tasted alright and wasn't as dried out as it looked.All my hope in a nice dish was gone by this stage and the pudding didn't fail to disappoint either as i was promised a chocolate and cherry fudge tart, but the cherries must have been misplaced some where as, while the chocolate was lovely and not too rich, there was not a hint of cherry in the dish at all. And strangely it was accompanied by a raspberry compote, is it too much to wonder why they didn't do a cherry one? Perhaps that would have helped to draw out the flavor of the cherries that where hiding somewhere in all that chocolate.I just feel that maybe Howies have become a little complacent, I do remember having fantastic meals there and the service was good enough to match. Maybe they need to do something to reinvent themselves, they certainly need to find themselves someone who can fillet fish properly.Howies is definitely somewhere that I will not be in any hurry to go back and visit, there are just so many other places that do what they try to do so much better.Holy southpark wives!Initally, the studio looks very modern, unique and cool. The receptionist kinda ruined the warm inviting feeling as she had a snarky attitude. At a YOGA studio? C'mon.

Us. cellular desperately needs to find some efficiencies in their customer serviceTHE BAD NEWS - 2 stars

No one went back for seconds, that pretty much sums it up.Yuck!

Unidentified soft white cheese - it has a bite to it - good.

Food quality? BlandIm asian so I know good chinese food. For some reason, everyone else thinks this kind of chinese food is delicious. Sure i eat panda a few times in vegas and only reason is i was starving or had no choice cause buddies choose this place. The food itself is so plain. Do they not know what salt is? They use the lightest soy sauce possible that doesnt even have a bit of taste. I'll eat again if im drunk or need a quick bite. You will feel hungry again after an hour or 2.I come to this store one to twice a month to purchase dog food. I have to be honest, I only come here because it's convenient and they carry the brand of dog food I need. I have read a lot of five star reviews below that all say how clean this store is, but maybe these people have never bothered to look down! Every time I come in, the aisles are always marked up with dog pee! I would never buy anything from off of a bottom shelf in this store, because chances are a dog has lifted his leg on it! They recently moved the dog food around the back of the store and moved all the aisles around too, when they did this the whole floor was pure yellow with pee! It was disgusting!!! The worst part about it was, the employees were just carrying on as if nothing were wrong, it was like they didn't even notice the floor was glowing yellow with dog pee. (More like they were in the mode of  " If I don't see it, I don't have to clean it" I guess there is nothing better than a good 'ol game of  "Not It" when your working with the public.)  If the dog food I purchase wasn't on the top shelf there is NO way I would shop here!Also, what is the point of have a "PetPerks Card"? It does none of the things that they say it does. It doesn't give you coupons for specific items. All it does is allow you to get the sale price in the store! Talk about a complete scam! If you don't have their goofy card and you don't say anything at the register you will pay full price for something that is advertised on sale! All of the stuff in there is way marked up and and ridiculously priced anyways! Again, I only go here because they carry the brand of dog food I need and it's close to my house. So I guess they win, because I still shop there :-/ Just be sure to watch where you step if you are ever in this store!I recently got a new puppy "Sola". That of course means I need supplys, as my other dog "Luna" has her own beds and kennel. While I was walking around an employee who we believe was a supervisor approached us and ask if we needed help. She then went on to explain about this puppy coupon book. It was 19.99 and it gave you a discount on a kennel mat, which she said even though it said Kong mats they could use it for any of them. Then there was a discount on food bowls, she again said any kind. Discount on treats and food. Lastly there were so great discounts on training. Classes, doggie daycare etc. So we're thinking great this will help a lot. The kennels were pretty expensive, they have one thats a camping kennel. It's great as the dog gets old as she's a small breed and will me sleeping in it next to my bed. It was 59.99 but the one I purchased for my other dog at another business was 25. The bowl selection was okay, they was a lot of glass and plastic ones. I preffer the stainless steel. I found a nice one for a fair price. Food is the reason I come here. They have a great selection and hills makes a food Luna loves so we grabbed there puppy food and I though it was a good price at 15.00.Treats a toys we had no issues finding.When we went to check out the line was backed up and only one cashier. I thought this was going to become a nightmare quick as the customer at the register was a "complicated order". But the cashier noticed the line and got some help.This is were out visit went down hill. The lady that came up started ringing us up. Telling us nearly every item we got wasn't covered but the coupons. We tried to explain that we picked items that an employee directed us to. She just said "well who told you that, what's there name what do the look like." Lucky enough the supervisor walked by and the cashier didn't bother to ask her what she told us.  So we were just not going to get the coupon book. Then the camping kennel rang up as .01 so the second cashier said they cannot sale it. I told her you have it on the shelf with a price and item I'd number on the shelf that matches the item, what do you mean I cannot buy it. She said they .01 means they don't carry the item anymore and cannot sale it. It means they used to carry it. It's a kong brand that they have a large selection of sizes. They had 12 or more of varying sizes. Her logic blew my mind, "we used to carry it" hello I have the item in my hand so you clearly still do. They did not bother to ask a manager. Also we were not asking for a discount. So petsmart would have made 200.00 but instead I left everything and went to a cheaper competitor and got the same bed for half. I am loyal to company's that treat me well and value my business as well as empower there people to keep the sale.Went there around 4am and received terrible service. The person working the drive thru seemed like he had no idea what he was doing. When I gave him my order I received no response after he read it back to me. I ask him do I move forward or what my total was and all he said was uhhh yeah. Once I moved forward he finally told me what my total was and I paid for the food. Then once he gave me my food he closed the window. I had to try to get his attention because he forgot to give me my drink. When I did get his attention he gave me attitude and then finally had to be my drink. To top it off the drink was watered downStopped in to grab a birthday card and gift card for an afternoon party and was in there way too long. There was a long line at the only open register when we walked in and it never got any shorter. Customers kept coming in, but they continued to operate with only one register.  They did, however, have a nice selection of gift cards and greeting cards.for some reason, i really do not like this place.

2) ServiceSimple but means so much.  I love how the owners of the original L&L Drive-Inn back in Honolulu came from humble beginnings to now being some of the richest people in all of Hawaii.  Hard work, perseverance, and the spirit of entrepreneurship paid off for them in spades.  For them they deserve great props.  But something just comes off as not inspiring when you branch out too much from your roots.  I wish there was more scrutiny when selecting new franchisees!  They can affect a brand name so much!  I get concerned because back in my island days of Maui I used to eat L&L quite a bit, it's like fast-food comfort for locals.  The food then was simple, uncomplicated, plentiful, affordable, and made with some form of integrity.  Most times you knew the cook, the cashier, the help staff.  Eating at L&L was one heck of a pleasure and a treat back home when I was younger.  Why?  Because livin' in Hawaii is HAHD.  Yes HAHD.  Most of us locals 'no can' eat out that often since food so expensive...restaurant dining was something you looked forward to.  So I care a lot when places like this become a bit 'bastardized' and start to lose the love.  Where is the love?  Sorry Black Eyed Peas, it ain't here.  I hate to say it, but the recent incarnations of L&L Hawaiian Barbecue are lacking authenticity.  Lacking punch.  NO MO' LOVE!  I am happy but at the same time I am sad.  While the original owners surely get lots of kickback for each L&L franchise started, a little piece of my childhood dies inside.  It cries, then dies.  Then dies again for dramatic effect.  We went here because this is the closest L&L by our house.  Tucked in a former diner, this L&L is just a faade of what lies inside.  A mess.I'll start with the service.  Seems this L&L (like many of them) is owned by yet another Chinese family.  All of the employees that day were Chinese, which I mean no disrespect (I myself am 1/8 Chinese), but many of them were just not very welcoming.  Our cashier wasn't rude, but she wasn't exactly inviting either.  The cooks were hastily shouting out orders in Chinese, and food was constantly just being slopped into containers.  I suppose since it was busy all of us were being hurried along so our cashier could get orders in.  Not even a real "Hello" or "Welcome to L&L" when we entered.  Where is the local girl with the flower in her hair at the register that was always happy to see us when I was little?  Nani?  Lani?  Puanani?  No where in sight I'm afraid.  Like a candle in the wind goes my fond memories.Even looking at the menu it's just not the same.  My nostalgia is kicking in but the prices for the food at L&L are kinda getting out of hand.  Really, like $8-$9 for a regular plate?  Even more if you like beef?  Whoa, brah!  Thought L&L was supposed to be a deal for families?  Expensive for what you get.Next we'll go with the food.  I ended up getting my staple of a Chicken Katsu regular plate.  The wifey got the L&L Hawaiian BBQ Mix with teri chicken, teri beef, and short ribs.  The kid got a cheeseburger and fries combo with a drink.  Overall?  Really below average.  Thankfully the rice was Calrose and it was made decently.  The macaroni salad was CRAP, too much on the watery side and not enough flavor.  I added extra shoyu, pepper, and Tabasco to liven it up.  The entrees?  Not so great.  Chicken katsu looked golden brown on the outside but was pretty flavorless.  Would it kill you guys to season the chicken before you fry it?  The katsu sauce was thumbs down, another mixture of ketchup with who knows what.  This is why I often carry a bottle of decent katsu sauce (like Bulldog) if I know I want katsu.  Wife's BBQ Mix plate?  She didn't like it.  Too little food, and not flavored correctly.  What is up with the SUPER thin slices of beef, chicken, and short rib?  Small serving that left her hungry.  The kid's cheeseburger?  MEH, just a cheeseburger.  Not even a hand made patty like we used to have back at L&L (or just about any Mom & Pop eatery) in Hawaii.  Bun wasn't even toasted!  Fries were just plain crinkle cut.I wasn't gonna even bother with authentic Hawaiian eats like a bowl of saimin or a Spam Musubi.This L&L is just all kinds of depressing for me.  Mr. Kam & Mr. Flores, if you guys are still around please visit your stores and bring back the Aloha Spirit!Service is HORRIBLE. They didn't even answer the phone & I called 4X. And its not the first time. I get here & it's not that busy. Im not sure what happened to the other young lady but she greeted everyone w a smile. I come here weekly but that is coming to an end and FAST. Im so disappointed. My fav place is now becoming a bad experience. Hope the owners are reading the reviews because the young lady here now is not cutting it & you are losing a faithful weekly customerWe have visited this location a few times as it is right next door and very convenient. When the franchise opened I was beyond ecstatic as I fell in love with LL when I lived in Hollywood. After discovering it there I must've eaten LL once a week for a year straight. My enthusiasm was soon shot down by this place as a whole.The inside of the diner is visually unappealing, the counter person is ALWAYS RUDE and the beef bbq is seemingly always, without fail, tough and/or chewy.My overall opinion is if I wanted bad Hawaiian bbq with a shitty attitude I'd make it myself. Needless to say, I shan't be a regular.We walked in, the place was empty at 7pm two weeks ago Friday.The lady employee who made eye contact did not greet us with a hello or even a nod of the head acknowledging our welcome.The entire restaurant smelled of strong cleaning supplies.The floors and tables and chairs all looked very worn out. We left, as we feared getting sick!I don't know if the L&L on Serene spoiled me or not but this location is definitely not up to par. After relocating to this side of town I was craving my half and half combo of BBQ chicken, short ribs w/ all rice. Order was made quickly, however one of my short ribs was really tough and chewy. As for the BBQ chicken it was so bland felt and tasted boiled more than BBQ. Unlikely to be coming back to this location.Not really impressed at all. My boyfriend and I decided to come here, we ordered spicy chicken plate, chicken Katsu, a spam musubi and a bbq chicken musubi. Nothing really has flavor. Very bland, Definitely won't be coming back.My family and I have loved l&l since we first found out about them a decade ago or so. Needless to say, we have been frequent customers since then; sometimes we will eat here three times or more in a week. Anyways, it seems as though the quality of their meat has been drastically reduced since we first found out about this chain... idk about the other locations, but as for this one, the beef is nearly all fat and the chicken is almost always bloody. I love this hawaiian food but have gotten sick many times from eating at this place... The service is great, but the food is not (anymore).Service going down hill.... I prefer going to Aloha BBQ on Craig Rd. You get more for your moneySo as a person w/o kids who generally focuses on healthy flavorful eating, this is not really the place for me.  The offer wings, chicken tenders (fried or grilled) and nuggets. They said that their crispy tenders are their most popular item so I gave them a try along with the Goat Island Delight salad they said was their best - a salad with craisins, almonds and champagne vinegarette. They seem to do a big business from the hospitals at lunch and their food comes out ultra quickly which is good if you're on the go. They seem to do a good job with training their employees. I just wasn't crazy about the breading/seasoning on the chicken- it tasted a little bland/sour and when you say crispy, I guess I expected more crispy batter ala KFC on the outside and the batter was quite thin. The accompanying sauces named after various South Carolina places were boring (buffalo, jerk, bourbon, honey mustard, etc.) The best was the Old Edisto sweet honey BBQ sauce.  The salad was bland without the dressing but the dressing itself didn't complement the salad at all. The saving grace of the meal was the delicious cornbread which was sweet and moist, and the  frozen banana pudding pop in a dixie cup with caramel and chocolate, which incidentally is not a good thing to eat while driving. Consider yourself warned. It is, of course, absolutely delicious but despite being small (in a Dixie cup) it is quite dense and filling and I couldn't finish one.Is this a great place for families with kids? Absolutely.  Will I be back? Probably not until I have a 4 year old I have to feed or I have a hankering for the cornbread or banana pudding pop.Wanted to eat some good wings for dinner so I decided to check out a new place.  Hubee D's doesn't fry their wings, they smoke em.  Compared to other fast casual, counter service places I thought the wing prices were high. I tried three different sauces and wasn't impressed with any of the them.  They weren't bad, but the dry rub blended with the sauce just didn't do it.  The wings were a bit tough, but with no crispiness.  If I'm not going to get the crispiness of the fryer, then the meat should be more tender.  Add on that they forgot to give me the blue cheese and we'll call it quits on this place.The world may never know why Van Buren is such a ghetto paradise, but you can rest assured that you are right in the thick of it at the Days inn!  Nice pool, and the palm trees are a plus.  Just roll with it.  It will all be over before you know it.Stay away from this place unless you are OK with a 1 - 2 star establishment. The rooms are musty. The air conditioners are below par for Phoenix and you will feel like it's too hot, even with the AC on full. Breakfast is lousy. I also had a hard time with their no pet policy. I did not realize that pets were not allowed. I was changed $100 dollars for a pet, but was not advised that I would be charged, so imagine my surprise a month later when I see an extra $100 charge on my credit card. Days Inn Inc. and their Sunburst rating system exaggerate the hotel's quality giving them four out of five Sunbursts. That's like four out of five stars. Orbitz, Yahoo and Trip Adviser average between 2 - 2.5 stars. There are better places to stay near the Airport.As a person from the hotel industry, I thoroughly understand the way to operate a hotel.  It is my understanding this hotel has just been purchased and new improvements are being made.  However, this was not told to me when booking the reservation.  It was only told to me after I checked in.  If I had knew what massive problems this would cause, which I will go into detail later, I would have looked elsewhere.   I was given a free voucher for a drink in the restaurant in exchange for the inconvenience.  I thought this was a good thing and start.The room and grounds were nice and fitting for the price paid (if not better).  My first problem was the wifi network was either always slow or limited connection.   The hotel should have put password protection on the signal, because I think everyone from the neighboring apartments signs on to this signal and bogs it down.  That was not good.However, I headed to the restaurant and used the voucher and was extremely happy with the service and drink.  The margarita was a good size and they brought chips and dip for me.  Good start!I returned to my room to find a note on the door that under no circumstance would they allow late checkouts in the morning due to work on the water system.  That was interesting- what if I had stayed for two nights?The wifi problems made me use my cell phone hotspot and rack up a $30 excessive usage bill.  I decided I would rather use this money to stay somewhere else in Scottsdale the following night with decent internet.The BIGGEST problem was being woken up at 7:20 am my time (8:20 am Phoenix time) to massively loud banging of construction and hammers,  I couldn't fall back alseep.  I didnt go to bed until 3 am so this was not cool!  Why couldn't they tell them not to do anything loud until after 10am?     At this point I definitely was checking out and wasnt staying another night. When checking out, I wasn't even asked, "How was your stay?"   ... I think  maybe had many people complain so they stopped asking?  I never complained to the office staff.   I probably should have, but frankly even a free second night at the resort, I would have to deny.  There is no free room that will help me sleep through early morning hotel construction noise., The drink coupon was nice, and I respect the business risk to remodel the hotel, but this was not the way to do it.Great location, but with run-down rooms.  Everything you'd expect in a basic room, bed, sitting chair, desk, dresser, side tables, flat TV, and bathroom area.  Place was very dated and needed some work, carpet stained, etc.  However, the bed was comfortable.  TV was okay with channels, but the aspect ratio was weird.  The entry door had some serious gaps at the side and bottom, allowing all sorts of cold air to enter at night.  The room rate was good for the location, so that was the only plus for this place.  I tried to get breakfast the first morning (with the 20% off coupon provided at check-in) but sat there with only one other table for more than 5 minutes with no one to be seen... I left and found Breakfast Club to the south.Went for high school reunion.  Front desk personnel very nice, all of them, although they did not seem able to resolve any problems.  Price was modest.  Room seemed clean.  They are upgrading the hotel and the rooms are partially done.  Beds comfortable.  Bathroom lighting nice but room lighting not adequate. They need overheads or more lamps. My phone was totally dead and they never did fix it (I was there 3 nights).  Towel rack missing in bathroom but one bracket was still in the wall - the other bracket was gone but the holes for it were still there.  No plug in bathtub.  "fridge worked and so did microwave.  Ice machines were odd - no tray on which to put your ice bucket - you had to put it down a hole.  Staircases rather dirty.  Restaurant was dark and personnel in restaurant not welcoming. I never did eat there.  Rooms have Keurig coffeemaker but they only give you 2 Keurig cups for it.  I would have bought more but wasn't sure of the particular size needed. The hotel is not within walking distance of anything - not even a coffee shop and, as noted, the restaurant was not appealing (and was also noisy).

There were no stand out dishes, it was thoroughly uninspired.

Let me be clear....it wasn't that the food was ugh..bad....it was just disappointing. Which would be fine at half the price...but this place isn't cheap...so only two stars...I can't recommend this restuarant.Good donuts, not so good prices. The donuts here are good and fresh but the prices are way to high. My family tried this place hoping for a new favorite donut shop and while the donuts were good, they were nothing to rave about because $10.00 for a dozen is a bit much. A good place for a one time outing but we won't be returning.The location is so convenient, and the interior is bright and cheery but super casual (think a fast food place).  The service was excellent, but the whole time I was eating my overpriced Greek Chicken Pita I was thinking there wasn't anything very Greek about it.  Very bland with no sauce (it needed tzatziki or tahini) and quite a small portion.  Big Fat Greek or Gyro Express serve far better fare!  I won't be going back to Zoe's!Food is decent. Might be back because I saw a few more vegan options on the menu. The staff is horrible. Terrible customer service. My food was ready but the front girls didn't notice because they were too busy eating cake and gossiping. Had to wait an extra 5-10 minutes because of them and all I ordered was hummus and pita.While everything is fresh, I am still not impressed.  I prefer the true Mediterranean restaurants, like Spices.  This place is just another trendy spin on Mediterranean food.  Examples:  the tzatziki had chunks of cucumber (weird) and the Greek salad didn't have olives.  Won't be back.The food wasn't as good today. Everything was so fresh last visit, but not today. I had the chicken wraps and veg for a side. The chicken was dry and it was accompanied by chopped tomato with a pinch of cheese. The vegetables were much too sour, vinegar? The side sauce for the chicken was a tomato salsa. I expected something more Mediterranean. Oh well. The two unhappy children who were also dining did not help my lunch experience. his was a less than stellar restaurant experience today. I'm going back to Niro's Gyros!Greek chicken pita consisted of bland chicken and lettuce.  Nothing else.  Disappointed.Zoe, why does your grilled cheese sandwich taste so bad? There aren't that many ingredients to mess up; It's only cheese and bread with tomato and lettuce! I liked the rye bread and the buttery toasted taste of it, but the cheese itself was less than pleasant. While I enjoyed the pimento which gave it a spicy kick, the actual cheese didn't taste that great. Adding to the cheese problem was the fact that they did not melt the shredded cheese fully, so when I received it, it looked like a pre-chewed, coagulated, half-melted mess. Since it was only half melted it was lukewarm temperature-wise. I don't know about you but I don't know anyone who likes eating less-than-hot grilled cheese sandwiches that look like the aftereffect of a toddler's bad stomach day. I actually scraped all the cheese off the bread and thought it was better eating bread, lettuce, and tomato rather than the original sandwich.The saving grace was the side and the friendly service. The braised white beans were nicely seasoned with a hint of smokiness and just the right amount of rosemary. The beans themselves were perfectly tender. I also had a hibiscus green iced tea with my order which was refreshing, caffeine free, and had good flavor.I was torn between giving them a 2 or a 3 star, but the more I think about it, the more I think this is the worst grilled cheese sandwich I've had (The ones I made in my dorm room years ago with Kraft Singles tasted better!). So, I'll have to downgrade.Edit: So I looked up pimento cheese sandwich online- people really enjoy eating chewed up looking bits of cheese in a sandwich? Regardless, the sandwich still didn't taste great to me even though the texture is supposed to be that way.I would not recommend this place. The only reason I gave them 2 stars instead of 1 is because they were at least minimally polite. Certainly not friendly or even pleasant, but fairly polite.They did a poor job on the wheels and the inside of my car. I realize they aren't going to do a deep/thorough wheel cleaning for the mid-range price but at least clean the visible parts. The inside still had crumbs in the cup holders, pet hair on the removable carpets and black smudges on the metal foot rest plate.The quality was similar to if I went through an automatic carwash and took 15 min of my own time to vacuum the inside. That would have only cost $5 though, not $25-35 with tip. I'll stick to Fabulous Freddy's or doing it myself from now on. $20-30 at Freddy's and your car is like brand new along with clean workers who are very nice and cordial.They are kind of hidden in Scottsdale Quarters upstairs next to Tanzy and iPic, so don't give up when looking for them!College football themed dive bar check-list...- Lots of TVs- Smokey smell in the air

The dining area looks nothing like a resort standard restaurant.

Coffee... not too tasty.The cakes were just okay, nothing exciting.

* The steak had a lot of gristle and was extremely chewy.  A little better knife work during prep time would go a long way.

2. No music until halfway through dinner - then The Cure, Violent Femmes and other 80s alternative - which I like, but not in a sit-down restaurant for dinner. And the bartender sang along occasionally - ugh.

As malls go, I guess its o.k. I'm not a mall person and they really don't build malls with "guy stores". This mall as with any other has mutiple stores of the same type just under another name. I mean really, how many Bath and Body Work's type stores does one mall need?

* Crawdads were tiny, and didn't have much flavor other than the sauce they were drowned in (which was good, but the fish should have flavor also.)

-The multiple reviews that mentioned long waits in the waiting rooms.I have been here 4 times and every wait exceeded an hour. On my arrival of this visit I was informed they don't allow any beverages in the waiting room. I threw my Starbucks away and sat for an hour! The only reason I continue to come here is for Dr. Roberts.  5/5. I think she is a great Doctor but wish she worked at a different facility. If you enjoy wasting your time, reading magazines, and sitting around then this is your place!!! Bring a phone charger!!I had the worst blood draw of my life here. She dragged the needle against my arm when she pulled it out--resulting in a 2 inch scratch. Lovely!Its clean, the doctor is ok. But hey don't know how to quote you here. I went for an annual routine physical covered by the  insurance. And than I get a bill. so I call the insurance company and they say that the doctor quoted it wrong she has to redo it.So I call there office and the lady is not too nice and said they have a lot of these cases and its like  mayor job to redo it. At the end I just payed the bill as it was too much of a headache but I will not go back, they lost me.I have been going here for the past 6 years for my annual and every year it seems like the whole staff are getting worse. Worse meaning unfriendly, rushed, unhelpful, and rude staff. Wait time can be long as up to 2 plus hours! Billing department is a nightmare when you need to have a procedure done. Insurance company said a procedure is covered but the office disagrees and charges me. Went in circles to try to clear it and I finally gave up.I'm looking to finding another doctor office that treats their patients as people and not a number.So I wish that I could write two reviews. One for the office and one from Dr. Wurm.I am pregnant and for the first 20 weeks of my pregnancy, I wanted to cry with how terrible this office was run and made me feel. I mysteriously have new balances even though I have an HMO insurance and pay SOMETHING every single time I am in office. I have stopped paying these balances until they could explain HOW they were coming up with them... They have yet to be willing to sit down and explain it. Awesome.Dr. Wurm, however, is my saving grace. When I finally got to see her, she made me feel instantly comfortable and at ease. I would travel anywhere to see her. Only two visits with her so far and I can already tell she is one of the best doctors I have ever had. I wish I could give her five stars and the office one. If it wasn't for Dr. Wurm, I would leave this practice. They really need to be thankful that they found such an amazing doctor. I know that I am.Popeye may need to feed his chickens some spinach.The tiniest pieces of chicken I've ever had (and ever seen, for that matter). Maybe this is what non-GMO chickens really look like?

p.s it is big inside..good for kids to be loud and run around..tvs and all that..but the food was just meh...I LOVE Barros... love the pizza, wings, food, etc... I ordered delivery from this location recently and the wings were the only thing that was correct on the order. SUPER disappointed that it took so long and that nothing was right. I have never had this problem with any other barros, but I will definitely think twice before ordering from this location again.I went with a couple girlfriends to watch the PAC-12 championship game. The food was good but the pizza wasn't crisp. The service was NOT good. They confused our order and then didn't believe we ordered garlic bread. Then they forgot our second pizza. We had to ask for silverware and parm cheese. There was clearly no manager on duty as the employees were loud and yelling in the dining room/flirting with each other. Then while we were eating, they brought two overflowing trash cans from the kitchen through the dining room and some of the trash fell on the floor. Gross! I will only get take out from this place from now on.I've had Barro's before and the choices are ok and the pizza decent, but not spectacular. This was my first time at this location and I came with a few others.The pizza tasted okay, but wasn't cooked perfectly and the rest of the food wasn't overly memorable. The service, however, was terrible and the main reason for the 2 stars. The dining room had clearly not been vacuumed lately. The girls taking orders seemed in another world and there was a distinct lack of communication between everyone. They had to go back multiple times to confirm an order when there were barely 10 people in the place. We had to ask for silverware and they seemed put out when we asked. As we were there, a guy from the back brought heaping garbage cans through the restaurant. As far as I know, that's not sanitary. Also, the kids working had friends come in and start to socialize. There was definitely no adult on hand to monitor the situation. I'll be sticking with Spinatos or Oreganos for my quick pizza fix from now on. Better pizza and better service.Food is good and our service was good. We had the pineapple, mushroom and pepperoni pizza. It was good  with lots of toppings they didnt skimp us on this. We also had wings and cheese sticks they were really good too. It cost .50 cents per dipping sauce if you want extra. I believe their prices is reasonable since the food is really good.Now here comes the bad part...When it was time to get our drinks, the drink fountain was dirty. It was very sticky around the area and a lemon was left on the fountain. When we sat down trying to find a table was a little difficult because 2 out of the 3 tables we tried to sit in was dirty and havent been cleaned up. After receiving our food I decided to go to the batroom and wash my hand and oh dang the bathroom was nasty! Im not going to go into details about that. We had spent about an hour and a half at this place when it was time for us to leave. We got up and headed to the fountain drinks and guess what....? The freaken lemon slice was still there and the guy infront of me getting a drink was an employee! What the heck...the employees here must be lazy cause I promise you there were only 5 tables occupied when we were there. Now it makes me question how they handle our food cause the place was dirty. Im not sure ill be coming to this location again. Theyll have to clean up the place before I place another order or visit this restaurant again. I hope you get a better experience when you dine at this location. Good luck!had the bulkogi mini plate. very cheap at $5, but it's not really bulkogi - more like a thin steak with very sweet barbecue sauce - and the rice was too sticky. the lone bright spot of the meal was probably the potato-mac salad.Ok.so first visual impression was a regular drop joint hopefully with a good underlining" food".I got there mix plate#2 with beef and chicken katsu w rice and macaroni salad.the chicken tasted like boneless fried chicken cutlets w a side of Louisiana style bbq sauce" instead of katsu sauce,not good,the beef was borderline beef jerky, thinly sliced over sauced beef,some of it was tender,alot of burnt ends and grisly bites,with a copious amount of marinate.left a coating in my mouth,the rice was sticky and clumped apart,the macaroni salad wasn't bad but wasn't good,had to add pepper and there were chunks of russet patotos in it,that was first,and I really wanted the lau lau,but only on Saturdays.as well as kalua beef.I will go back to try the lau lau but not anytime soon.stay classy yelpersWell, wish I could say this place was top notch, as the service was good. The Manapua was very tasty as was the Macaroni salad. The chicken katsu was unfortunately the worst I've had in the valley. The Bulkogi beef was okay but nothing special. One thing that should be mentioned is they only serve dark meat and white meat mixed chicken in their chicken dishes, and white meat only is not even an option. So if you are pretty much white meat only person like me this place is pretty much a no go.As an expat Hawaii guy, my family still loves "plate lunch" kind of foods.  So although Aloha Kitchen does not have great food, it normally is a relatively decent and passable place for us to pick up some plates when we are craving plate lunches and are too lazy to cook ourselves.  But in my opinion, this place is slowly getting worse.  The slight price increases are understandable and that is not the problem.  The problem is that they hire all these young kids who are sometimes more interested in farting around than paying attention to business.  So yesterday my wife and  daughter wanted plate lunch stuff so they called in the order and called me at work to go pick the food up.  My wife warned me that I should open each box to make absolutely sure that the order was correct, since the last three times they screwed something up.  So when I got there, the food was ready and already all packed up.  I wanted to check the boxes, but the girl said the order was all there and read the order back to me.  Since she said the order was all there, I took her word for it and took the boxes home.  Upon getting home, my wife opened up the boxes and two out of four of the boxes were wrong.  Yeah, the entrees were seemingly correct, but the salads and sides were all wrong.  Boy did my ass get chewed by my wife for being so stupid for trusting  those young dufess kids!!Further, my wife ordered the hot wings for her meal and the wings were not hot wings -- they were more like honey glazed wings and my wife said that they either changed the recipe or made a mistake.  My daughter ordered the bulgoghi, and that order was correct but apparently the meat was over-soaked in the soy marinade and it was super salty, super dark, and the meat was disintegrating due to being marinated for too long.  The order for teri-chicken was OK, but the order for fried saimin was disappointing.  The menu and the history of this dish at this place (like 25+ years) says that one of the condiments on the noodles is slivered char siu (sweet red roast pork).  But there was no char siu in the dish, only slivered, old, left-over, over-marinated bulgoghi....maybe that is why our bulgoghi meal was not very good -- they had a lot of old, leftover, over-marinated meat so they gave it to us and used some of it on the fried saimin.There have been many competitors to Aloha Kitchen open Hawaiian style plate lunch places but most, if not all of them have gone under.  But as a plate lunch expert and aficionado, I can tell you that a good plate lunch place will be a gold mine here.  Not only expat Hawaiians and lovers of plate lunch foods, but even the other people will love those kind of menu items.  The problem with the other places and Aloha Kitchen as well, is that the food is not that good, and the menu choices are not typical of authentic plate lunch choices.  I understand the issue of cost control and menu standardization, but menu choices can be increased by  changing the menu for different days of the week, or, having a new special of the day each day.Oh well, what do I know?  I have only run about 30 large corporations and small businesses successfully, so my ideas and opinions must be worthless!Ordered the Laulau plate and my wife had the katsu.  We left there disappointed.  The food was so-so at best and for the price, felt the portion size could have been a little bit bigger.  Another red flag(for me personally) was seeing high school aged kids running the kitchen and the counter.  So with that being said, 2 stars.Sorry AK, maybe I was just grumpy that day since I hadn't eaten for a gazillion hours....c'mon, I'm not the only one who goes all Beast Mode when hungry, right?...but the food here just did not hit the spot for our Hawaiian food craving. Let me start by saying the place itself looks like a legit Hawaiian restaurant with it's low key vibe and simple style. The menu has a lot of choices which is great. I, for one, have a go to meal plan when I nom Hawaiian style which includes chicken katsu and mac salad, of course. The food did not taste bad in any way...it just wasn't my style. The Katsu was thin, dry and chewy and the sauce was the tangier kind vs. the sweeter kind that I like. The mac salad was okay but the more I ate the less I liked it...when normally I order an extra side of mac salad to devour with my meal. Again, I may have just been grumpy gal that day but I still find myself craving my Hawaiian spot in the OC.Not Good. Lived in Hawaii for 3 yrs. Ate my fair share of plate lunches. Not at all what I expected. First of all, a plate lunch needs good mac salad. This mac tasted like KFC potato salad, (yes.it had potatoes in it). I had the teriyaki chicken. It was a bunch of dried out, day old, chopped up chicken, soaked in some bad costco teriyaki sauce. I can't believe I drove all the way out there for that. Love Ono's and L&L. Don't think I'll be taking another chance on Aloha.I grew up in Hawaii, but I've lived in the Phoenix area for over 10 years. I had heard of Aloha Kitchen's existence and it was on my to-do list for a long time. I went today and was disappointed. Beef was mediocre at best- very salty and swimming in a syrupy teriyaki goop. Wife wouldn't eat the rice as it, too, was slimed by the awful goop. Chicken katsu and katsu sauce was OK. Aloha Kitchen is what I'd call a zombie restaurant: the living dead. The "blech" food and the dated, worn decor tells me that the owner(s) stopped caring a long time ago. I won't be returning to Aloha Kitchen. Maybe it's time for them to say "aloha", as in "goodbye". Thankfully, we have Ono Hawaiian BBQ in town. Tasty and consistent.Drab location in an unassuming strip mall. Bathroom was so dirty. Service was mediocre at best! We had teriyaki chicken, katsu, and fish. The fish tasted like egg. The chicken was really good. The salad was a store bought bagged salad with thousand island dressing. Katsu was decent.I gave this place 2.5 stars. Being a fan of Hawaiian BBQ, I was excited to check out this place after reading all these great reviews. However, I was quite disappointed with my visit. First off, the ambient looks old and tacky. The servers' straight faces while interacting with customers didn't help. I felt like they could care less about what they're doing there. Regarding the food, I wanted to try the manupua but they don't offer it on Sundays. Additionally, when I put in an order for fried saimin, they didn't have the charsiu originally (or spam to substitute either). So I ended up with a mini order of chicken katsu to go. The food came out really fast. The potato - mac salad is indeed flavorful and addicting. Chicken was crispy from the outside and juicy inside. Although it's a mini order, the portion is really good for the money you spent. I also like how they have two self-serve stations of water, one regular and one is cucumber infused. Overall, great food and portion! Not so impressed with the ambient or service though.i don't get what people see in this place. dreary ambiance, stifling and muggy air (no airflow and circulation), inefficient staff (but nice) , average to below average food, weird and strange customers, blah, blah, blah.....katsu chicken was a greasy cutlet of breading with very little chicken served with cocktail sauce. i thought i was at pete's fish and chips. rather than the "eat at pete's" bumper sticker i'm going with the "aloha aloha kitchen" sticker. as in hello goodbye kitchen. never againTwo stars for the chicken... I am glad I read the reviews to prepare me for my experience. We walked in and the cashier is standing behind the counter with her hands on her hips, just staring. So I said, "Hello, were you waiting for us?" She just continued to stare with no reaction.We ask, "What's good?"  She says, "I don't know."  A long pause then says, "Do you have any questions?"  We replied, " We just asked you a question."Oh boy.... So we decided to share a meal.The fried chicken strip things were good and thats about it. And she brought us our food and said if you want an extra plate they're over there. Oh you mean over where you just walked past the extra plates. Don't think, pretty sure we wont be back. Mostly positive I will not be craving anything on the menu.....ever. Just being honest. When service is this bad personally I don't think it is worth the experience.Look for the Nello's Pizza sign when you go here. Otherwise, you won't see it from the road. Now, I love good Asian food and I've had all kinds. Except I'd never had Hawaiian food, so I thought I'd give it a try. Sadly, the only good food I had was the spicy Korean BBQ wings, which came out still hot, and the guava drink from a can. Don't get the saimin bowl. It is tasteless. 0/10 on the flavor scale. I was looking at the plate lunches of others and they look pretty bland. Maybe only come here if you enjoy a big lump of pork on your plate. It's just not for me. The guava cake and the coconut cream cake in the fridge look really good. Didn't get to try it because I'm such a tiny person.Poor service, mediocre food, disorganized setup, not very clean. Won't go there again. We really didn't find this place appealing. When we walked in, it was not overly clear whether we were supposed to order and then sit or sit and have the waitress come to take our order... There was no menu actually posted - just a white board with some specials. It's not a very good place for people unfamiliar with Hawaiian food - and the staff wasn't particularly friendly to ask questions to. They were middling-busy when we went - there were a good number of tables filled but it wasn't slammed. We ended up standing at the counter while the cashier/order taker/whatever ignored us for a few minutes. There was confusion about their menu. The online menu in Yelp isn't overly accurate, by the way. Neither, apparently, is their printed menu. The food came out pretty quickly. The rice and the macaroni potato salad was pretty good. The chicken katsu was decent. Difficult to screw up steamed rice and breaded chicken, but I've seen it done before so props to them. The J.R. plate was tasty enough, according to my husband, but it left him with an upset stomach later. The cleanliness was the biggest concern. The table we sat at was dirty. The floor was smeared and filthy. The chair I sat in was sticky, and so was the counter where we ordered our food. I couldn't see into the kitchen but I was kind of wary about eating the food. I'm really not interested in going back, and neither are my husband or our friends that were with us. Find somewhere else to eat, save yourself the disappointment.Unfortunately this restaurant is closest to our office so am often dragged here by fellow workers and visitors.Atmosphere is good, its generally always busy and service is very friendly and quick. patio is fun to eat out on when weather is cooler.

Let me begin that our man who was our Server was Excellent. Very attentive.

We like Barnes and Noble and go here quite a bit but it could be a lot better.  Good location and plenty of parking space.

i also decided to try enchiladas suizas, my husband had the pozole and my mother the chile en nogada

Simple changes would result in many more covers,  better reviews, and happier customers.OK, not thrilled average at best. Somewhat small portions and small premises. Good but faked service.  Would have preferred DennysUsually this place is pretty awesome. Forgot the bacon on my sandwich (cost extra money) and forgot my chips. Seriously??? But overall usually a pretty good place. Fast delivery, good subs.I would like to start off that the two stars does not reflect their food .... their food is actually 4 stars. However (and it's a big however), out of the last 10 times my husband and I have tried to order from Sidewinders, we had to cancel our order or leave it incomplete online.  Why you ask?  Somehow, a sandwich place is consistently out of white bread.  I literally can't understand it.  That's like going into Subway and they are out of their Italian bread.  It just doesn't make sense.  It's not just their white bread (although that's the most frustrating because that has caused 100% of our canceled orders since my husband won't eat wheat) but 2 of the 4 times we actually have placed orders, they were out of something else.  Once, they were out of the corn nuggets... I accepted and understood that.  The second time, they were out of croissants.  Once again, I accepted and slightly understood that.  That last 6 times we went to order and they're out of white bread?  I can't accept that. It's gotten to the point where I will give my husband two options for delivery (usually between Sidewinders and Chinese food) and while we want to order from Sidewinders, it's not worth calling for the high likelihood they are out of the most popular bread order.Just okthis was some of the worst chinese food i've ever had. everything i ordered was incredibly salty. the tofu was not cooked very well and the fried rice, aside from being too salty, was rather bland. plus they didn't throw in any spicy mustard.on the plus side, the food was pretty cheap, and the delivery was free and quick.this place might be good in a pinch, but otherwise seek out better chinese options.Extremely inconsistent to say the least.

Huge portions (hopefully to take home)

The chicken was just so, blah. It was the kind of battered chicken you could pick up from Walmart in the value bags and just re-heat in the fryer, which is my exact guess as to the preperation of these dishes. Was not good quality at all and I ended up throwing most of mine away. The sauces that they used however were really good and it left me wishing that they would have had better quality chicken and I probably would have finished it.

5) Shows off Vegas landmarks... strip hotels, wedding chapels, Fremont Street.

Here for breakfast so When you first walk in I asked myself am I in the right place, I was .... Starters food is nothing outta the ordinary,,one funny thing that stood out was when we asked our server if they served any other meats aside from pork based meats she responded BACON! And no not turkey bacon... So clearly lil off there...  Other then that we order common breakfast .. Which was ok... I had the western omelette with turkey sausage ... The peppers and the onions were not sliced small enough and were overpoweringly huge ... Lil less On that lil more on the egg,,.. Which I wonder if the eggs were made from liquid base out of a carton ... Yeah so place was ok if u wanna eat in desperation ...In my opinion, the is a prime example of a bad Shadyside bar. It's right on Walnut, too small, always too crowded, and I feel like I'm a 21-yr old college student when I go out there. It's miserable to be there on the weekend when it's so crowded because it's such a small space. The only reason I'm giving this bar 2 instead of 1 star is because the karaoke on Fridays (if you can handle the people and the crowd) is pretty good- although there are half a dozen better places to karaoke in Pittsburgh. Furthermore, I have sat on the patio table for a nice chill happy hour once watching the craziness of Walnut Street happen in front of me- which was oddly relaxing.Should be called crappys. So disappointed in food and its cost. The area and patio earned these 2 stars..You get what you pay for. Went for brunch and spent $6. Wasn't great. Was there for over 2 hours because service was so incredibly slow. It wasn't even super busy. We had to get up from our seats to find someone to ask if we could have our check and then it took 18 min for them to bring the check to us. For 4 girlfriends, they brought 1 joint check. We weren't about to ask them to separate it because we would have been there for another hour. Inconvenient. Definitely not my favorite place and I doubt I'll return.Meh is right. My whole family is in love with Prantl's enough so that they convinced me to get my birthday cupcakes from there... First of all. They don't have cupcakes they have these little mini cakes that cost an arm and a leg, and are mostly fluffed up icing...bleh.Then, they aren't even that nice! My mom ordered the cakes, and I didn't know what name they were under... I understand that you have a line, but there is no reason to tell me i am wasting your time, when I am obviously buying something. MAYBE they could have know which order was mine by my telling them what was in it, but nope they needed the name. So I had to guess through a few before I got it BFD! Rude, crowded, and most importantly not that great!Nothing stood out, including the famous burnt almond torte.Honestly I just don't get the how everyone is so in love with this place?  I'm not a native so when I moved to the area many years ago everyone advised my family that we absolutely had to try a burnt almond torte from Prantl's.  We did, and to be fair that is a great dessert.  However, I have worked across the street from them for a decade now, and the office ladies I work with have brought in nearly everything they sell at Prantl's over the last decade.  The cookies, the cupcakes, the junior pastries, danishes, donuts, etc... have all made there way into our office, and I have never been wowed by any of them.  In fact I find most items to be pretty sub par.  I think if Prantl's wasn't a true bakery and merely a shop that produced one signature cake it would probably deserve five stars, but that's not the case, and since I have to judge on the totality of their products as a bakery, not only the burnt almond torte which is their claim to fame and recognition, I find them to be quite lackluster overall.  If you want a true bakery treat I would suggest  La Gourmandine for anything, Vanilla for cupcakes, Jean Marc Chatellier, even the somewhat overrated Oakmont Bakery, as other than the burnt almond torte, you are paying specialty bakery prices but getting Giant Eagle quality, which is fine, but at that point you might as well go to Giant Eagle and pay accordingly.Nope. Sorry, I grew up in pgh. Heart of a true pittsburgher. But my gosh. One word for prantl's: crisco. Seriously, my arteries hurt after eating a desert from this place. Not half as good as a few of the French etc bakeries around. Why waste your cardiovascular health on this place--go get gelato next door and you'll be better off!Almond torte cake is way too overhyped.  I ordered one after seeing an article on Huffington Post so with a description like that who wouldn't want to try it!?  It's a diabetics worst nightmare, sugar overload. The filling in the middle had a bland taste, nothing special about it. Maybe it's because I ordered the cake and had it shipped to MD that it tasted bad.  People raving about this cake should try middle eastern or Greek bakeries! I gave a two because they have great customer service when emailing back.Like many others,  I saw the Huffpost article calling Prantl's burnt almond torte the best cake in America.   Being a pastry chef myself,  I had to try it.   I was not impressed.   The cake itself is light, fluffy,  and pleasant enough (which is the only reason I didn't go for one star),  but the filling was,  well,  if I didn't know it had filling I wouldn't have been able to detect any from the taste.   The frosting was average bakery fare (which,  to me,  is a below average taste).   I did like that the almonds stayed crispy even through shipping.   I ate one slice,  and gave the rest away.   Might be fine to serve with coffee,  etc if you are a local,  but definitely not worth the price and shipping.  I doubt this is even the best cake in Pittsburgh,  much less the entire USA.   I wonder which Prantl's family member has a friend at Huffpost?While I still like the almond torte, I just can't justify my original rating when the overall selections are just subpar. After trying a larger selection of their baked goods, especially the mini cake cups, I realized they all look delicious but when you bite into them, they're really dry and full of generic cake frosting.If you're still tempted to get one,  go with the tiramisu since it has the redeeming factor of having a strong coffee flavor.I really wanted to like this bakery! I came in with high expectations, I'll admit, because I thought I had heard good things about it. I bought about four different pastries to sample with a friend so we could eat them with our coffee across the street. Though the presentation of the treats were lovely, every single one I picked out was sickeningly sweet and tasted the same as the next. Far too much frosting on each pastry and we only could finish one small pastry between the two of us. Overall, unimpressed. However, it probably doesn't help that I had just come back from Austria which arguably has the best pastries in the world!The almond torte used to be the best, hands down.  But, something happened sadly.  The cake part is now dry???  Was there a change in recipe, ownership, something?  Go back to the way it was done before.  Maybe I just got an old cake, I don't know.  But I'm really disappointed.  The other stuff is good... this is just an almond torte review.Dirty and old looking bakery. Awful service. They did not cut our cake and did not give even a plastic knife or fork. Burnt almond torte is not as good as I expected. Not recommended.NOT best cake in America by a long shot. Not even best cake in Pittsburgh.I'm giving Prantl's 2 stars ("meh. I've experienced better") because I have. Their burnt almond torte is "America's best cake" the same way my Mom is the "best Mom in the whole universe". That is, if your experience is limited, if all that exists is your neighborhood, if "America" means Shadyside and "universe" means "my house", then perhaps those are accurate.For better pastries, try the almond croissants at La Gourmandine bakery in Lawrenceville. For better cakes, try the Opera cake from Jean Marc Chatellier in Millvale.Made a special trip out of our way to get a burnt almond torte bar.  They were sold out at 2:00 pm on a Thursday.  What's up with that?  The pecan roll bite I had instead  had no flavor--you might as well buy industrially-produced pastry.  The guy did give us two bites for the price of one.  Twice the blandness for the same price!  No thanks.Very american dessert. Everything is extremely sweet. I got the famed "burnt almond torte" and was not impressed. In fact, I could not finish it because of how sweet it is and dry the cake portion was. I can see how it is beloved by pittsburgers. If you like traditional American dessert, this place is great. If you like more european/asian style, probably not.After a meeting, 3 emails and a confirmation of what we wanted, the cake we received was not what we ordered. When asked to remake the cake, we where told that they where to busy and that human errors happen.  I was given a 25 dollar gift card. I would look elsewhere if you are doing a custom cake.I love me some burnt almond torte, but today I was just not that impressed with Prantl's.  Though we made our wedding cake consult appointment online as requested, it apparently didn't get processed and it left us anything but impressed.I get it, the system screwed up and you're scrambling to get a cake consult together, but that's just it - it wasn't just the consultant or the cake, it was the whole experience.  It was just... unprofessional? Maybe that's the word I'm looking for...The stools they propped up beside the counter were falling apart... literally.  Tighten up the screws...  the cake was a sample of burnt almond torte, raspberry torte, and chocolate cake with chocolate crunchies.  The chocolate was too sweet.  The raspberry was decent, and the burnt almond torte didn't taste that great.  It wasn't the Prantl's we knew... it was just meh.The girl was scrambling to save the appointment.  We presented our numbers and basic ideas... no real discussion or feeling like they wanted our business.  It felt more like, "Yeah you know our name and reputation ... So you'll order with us regardless."  Ah ha!  Well my friend, the joke is on you.  We'll take our business elsewhere.The burnt almond torte may be great, but if you're looking for a wedding cake, there are better bakeries.Pitiful service. Worst baristas I've ever come across that were pretty rude in their interactions with me and even so far as making me feel like I should 'butt out' of their conversation when making passing joke trying to interject into their chat. No sense even trying to be playful when you'll be met with blank stares since they don't seem to give a shit about who's giving them their tips. It felt like it took fucking forever to make a simplistic iced mocha. Get over yourselves, Jitters... your employees probably should drink more espresso to keep up.This is the slowest Brueggers ever. It doesn't matter if I am the only one in the store or in a like out the door, the staff is slow and does not care that they are slow. They frequently mess up my friends orders when we go there. The food is okay/typical Brueggers quality usually which is the only reason I am giving it 2 stars instead of the 1.The toppings on my salad were barely there.

- Vodkas: have level as well as Ciroc, Effen, and some flavored options

We started with salads. The chopped salad was just that: chopped lettuce, chopped cabbage, shredded cheese, tossed in a bland dressing with light consistency. I had four bites and was done. I would have had more but it was so dark in there I couldn't see well enough to pick out the cheese. The Caesar salad didn't have any actual anchovies on it but had a very strong fishy flavor. Almost too strong.

2.  Only two drinking glasses in the entire room.  Which we used for cocktails.  Had to drink water out of wineglasses. 3.  Paid for the prestige level, wasn't really worth it.  Free open bar at night was nice.  Breakfast had a huge spread, but not much in the way of savory items like eggs or cheese.

3. I observed one jewelry counter associate being so incredibly rude to a customers it almost brought tears to my eyes and I had the complain (the customers themselves seemed a bit intimidated, they were not "native" English speakers)

I reserved via Expedia and pre-paid, i was asked upon checking in if i wanted to upgrade to a junior suite for an extra $25 a night.  I thought it was a fantastic deal so did it.  I just got home and checked my credit card statement and found out it wasn't a great deal, the Palms charged me the base cost (which i already paid) plus the upgrade fee.  They are in the process of refunding the $200.

  About 10 minutes later, she finally came back out. She had forgotten the waters, and my Thai tea did not have boba or extra milk in it. We asked for our waters, and it took her several more minutes to bring them out.  Perhaps I should mention here- there were 2 other customers sitting at another table who were halfway through their meal and no one else. And there were 3 or 4 employees (we saw a male and female at the cash register and a male in the kitchen, and we were pretty sure we also saw a female in the kitchen).  So they brought out my bf's soup decently quickly, and when they did I reminded them that I had ordered the mango with sticky rice for my meal. The guy nodded his head and left. 15 minutes passed by while I watched my bf eat his meal before they finally brought me mine. When they did, they asked bf if he wanted his too. Thankfully, he said yes because within 2 minutes they had brought it to the table- translation, it was already done. If he had said no, it would have sat there on their counter getting cold and rubbery until they finally brought it out to him.

We ordered grilled mahi mahi tacos and a Chinese chicken salad.

Now here is where the disappointment gets a little deeper. We went to pay for our bill and was told that we could NOT use our gift certificate on Special Events. Special Event? It's just a pre-season Cardinal game and being walking distance to the stadium (0.3 miles) should not be deemed a special event. I love the Cardinals, but it's no New Years celebration. Now we had to pay around $75.00 for a below standard meal when we could have gladly paid that and more at the Yard House which was nearby. Being irritated by this, my wife asked to speak to the manager to show us where it stated this on our gift certificate (really couldn't/didn't explain it well), but told us that on game days it's considered a special event, and that the menu it scaled back to items that can be cooked/prepared quickly, and that their corporate office decides when the special events are. So basically they are being lazy and greedy to quickly turn over tables.We said when we came in to the establishment, there wasn't that many people in the restaurant. We also mentioned that the food was not at all that good and he said he couldn't control what came out of the kitchen.Is it fair or right for them to claim around 125 events from steps away Jobing .com Arena and over 110 events at University of Phoenix Stadium as special events? Needless to say, I will not be returning to this place even if it were free. If you do, just go for the drinks, because those were very good, well made, and not watered down. Our waitress was very good and pleasant as well as all the other table staff.Ok, this was our 2nd time coming here ever. The 1st was last year before the last Lions/Cards game. At that time, the place was rocking, the food was flowing and the bartenders were very attentive. They even had a Bacon Bloody Mary that my girlfriend loved!! So on that note, we came back, why did we do that?We get there about 10:15(NFL Sunday) and we were told that the kitchen didn't open till 11am, makes very little sense because the games start at 10am. Whatever, hit us with some chips and salsa for the time being.....Server comes to us and lets us know that the kitchen is open and that we can place an order....7mins later, sorry, I was wrong kitchen is closed and you get even put in a order till 11am.....Okay.My friend had the Chicken Quesadilla, didn't like it too much, something with off with the chicken. She ordered another one with just cheese and pico, that took about 45mins.I have never looked at the reviews for this place and couldn't believe I didn't see these before, only because we were so hung-up on the Bacon Bloody, we didn't even think twice about it, oh yeah about that Bacon Bloody, the server told us that it didn't sell, to the point where they just gave it away for free...That's smart.

I don't blame the server for the food. The kitchen needs an overhaul of staff that would make sure the food comes out hot and at the right time.Great location. They should do more with it. Food is standard Mexi-American, nothing notable, really. Asked for hot salsa, got something passably decent. Margarita was most, if not all, syrup. No tang or booze. Too sweet to even finish. Ordered a cheese crispy, expecting sizzling hot cheese and, well, crispy. Nope. Plenty of cheese, but soggy tortilla and the middle wasn't even melted. Service, ok, not great. If you've ordered, you'll never see the waiter again. Overall: meh.Willy and Jose's only gets two stars and that is because the food was good.  The prices where to high for a Mexican Restaurant in Las Vegas.  The service was terrible.  I ordered a Cadillac Margarita that is supposed to come with a float of Grand Marnier.  The Margarita showed up and it was over flowing because it was watered down.  I like mine on the rocks, so I am guessing it just sat at the bar while the waitress (we were one of two tables she had) did something else with her time.  I drank a few drinks out of it and my wife reminded me of the float.  So the margarita sat there getting more watered down while I waited for the waitress to come back to the area of her only two tables.  Finally she showed up and I reminded her of the float so she took it back to the bar.  I figured they would remake it.  Nope all the did was add a half shot of Grand Marnier and send it back.  It was 80% water by this time and terrible.  My wife had iced tea,  the waiter who had the section next to us kept his tables well watered and well taken care of on iced tea and soda.  Do you think that he could come to any other section other than his?  Nope not at all.  He by passed us every time.  I asked the busser for some more tea for my wife and she went to go and get the server.  It was terrible service, then I was charged for a soda and I only had water.  Then it was a huge production to get the $2.75 taken off that they charge for soda.  Like I said the only redeeming quality was that the food was cooked properly and tasted good.  There are to many good places to go for Mexican food in Las Vegas to waist my time with Willie and Jose's.Have you ever had authentic Mexican food that makes you smile just thinking about it? Yeah-me too. Unfortunately, this pretender is the exact opposite of authentic! Shame on you Willy and Jose for serving this crap.Here is what I did like......The available seating in the courtyard of Sam's Town is pretty cool- it felt like I was on vacation. Within minutes, chips and a mild salsa were brought to our table. I enjoyed the salsa, but didn't care much for the bean dip that came along with it. Ok-that's all the positive things I can say about this place.For dinner, I selected the green burrito. The menu described it as chile verde (slow roasted pork) with beans inside of a large flour tortilla topped with melted cheese and green sauce. Here is the problem, the chile verde was lacking any flavor at all. Most versions of this dish have onions, peppers, and spices infused throughout. All I could taste here was meat, cheese, and a soggy tortilla. Perhaps the soaking wet lettuce and over ripe tomatoes that accompanied my dish had something to do with this watered down entree. I am so sick of Mexican restaurants trying to pass this off as some delicious salad. All this does is create a puddle in the middle of my plate and turn the cheese into a curdled mess. The rice and beans were atrocious. The rice tasted like that boxed crap from rice a roni, and the beans were boring and chalky.The service at this restaurant was OK. Three different people brought things out, so I couldn't really tell who our server was. I did ask one of the employees if they made their own tortillas and her response was " I don't know". Hah? Our bill came out to a little more than $ 30.00 for two entrees and two sodas. Overpriced for mediocre food! I'd rather have my dog pass gas in my face than eat at this place again.....The two stars are for our bus boy and the one attempt our server made to help us. FOOD- was horrible. The chips were ok. Salsa was ok, beans were bland.  I ordered a combo plate, a pork tamale, and a chille rellano. The pork tamale had next to no meat.. I scraped most of it out and it was one bite. The chile rellano was slimy and salty. The beans and rice were bland.  I didn't eat much of it. My fiance ordered a shrimp burrito. It was not as described to us when we asked and it smelled. Like rotten fish. Not only that but it was full of "scallops". Which turned out to be bat ray wing, not even real scallops, those were chewy. He sent the whole thing back because of the smell and the tortilla was soggy/mushy it had the consistency of mashed potatoes.  15 bucks for THAT? C'mon now. Our friends had a burrito and combo plate, they were not impressed either. SERVICE- We had to wait 20 minutes for a table when over half the restaurant was empty. We ended up with a crappy table.   The bus boy should have been our waiter. He was pleasant and came back promptly and frequently to ask if we needed anything and to refill our drinks.  Our waitress wasn't awful, but she was short, and acted like we were a huge inconvenience the second she walked up.  She did however look worn out and made an attempt to be pleasant about the burrito we sent back. It took a while to have our order taken, which would have been fine had they been even slightly busy. I tried to get a group of employees attention to take the check, I held it up and they just looked at me and went back to talking. Our friends and I were leaving when my fiance was stopped by the manager and asked how everything was. He told her he felt it was over priced for the quality, and some issues with the food. Like his mushy, smelly, burrito,  and my tamale having no meat. She got snotty and said "you're wrong , I watched them make the tamales". She then said "well if you had a problem you should have said something before" ( um hello, genius, we sent food back and told our waitress!)  This is what angered us the most. Don't ask people what they thought and be rude if you don't like the answer! Very unprofessional. We still paid our full bill so it's not like we don't have a right to complain when asked.  Change the garbage you serve and you won't have as many problems!  We won't be back, over priced,  bad food, and so-so service.Dined here on 5/17...average at best...food ok, margaritas eh...service ok...ambience eh...there's two other similar restaurants that I can think of in Las Vegas that offer more authenticity, tastier cuisine and much better margaritas. Try Viva Zapatas on E. Craig Rd. if you're in North Las Vegas or Lindo Mihoacan on Flamingo Rd. in East Las Vegas. You'll get more bang for your $$.The carnitas was tasteless except for a red sauce that ... Was so-so at best. The carnitas was also over cooked and tough, and way over priced at $14 for what they served. My husband said the tamale wasn't very good . But the most questionable item was the tortilla chips . We luv fresh warm tortilla chips and salsa... These chips were cold and frankly reminded me of the cheap chips you get at a bowling alley ... Straight out of some bag bought from a restaurant supply...The service was good and staff friendly... That's why I am posting it as 2 stars instead of one.  Skip this place.Allow plenty of time

Ith details about the travel club. They wanted $7k membership sign up on the spot without giving people a chance to think. The free dinner was average, not the best (one piece of chicken breast drowned in tomatoe sauce, not even with pasta). Overall, I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone.From the parking lot alone. It does not lead or link to casino like many hotels on the strip do. Place looks classy as you walk in until you get a herd of staff coming up to you hungry to make you purchase their timeshare. So annoying. Look, I know your trying to do your job but when you see a guest carrying heavy luggage and sweating from walking so far away from your far far away parking lot in 104F heat, DO NOT stop them asking how's your day and if you want a free show. Really?! Now?!

-Small dance floor. IF you even call it a dance floor. I would say more like a "dance space." But like I said, it was a sloooowwww night so my crew and I seemed like we had the space to ourselves.Would I be back here again? Eh...definitely not my first or last choice in nightlife.I don't get what is so great about this place. The food is good, but the service is so poor that it takes away from the food. I've gone twice now and both times, once on a Saturday night and again last night, the servers acted like I was doing them a favor by being there. I mean I understand people make mistakes, and sometimes the wrong dish gets prepared. But fix the mistake quickly. We waited almost 20 minutes for them to bring out our crab dip, by that point we didn't even want it anymore. I was going to ask to speak to the manager, but caught sight of here taking shots with a server. Great environment right. Definitely not coming back anytime soon.You feel like your in downtown Detroit when you come here nowadays. It used to be classy place with good martini drinks. Now its a trashy place that serves watered down ones..Overpriced and slightly biased. Didn't allow certain people to go in because of their no jeans dress code, yet allowed others. Makes no sense to me.I'm not really sure how to classify Blue Martini. Depending on the time you go it can either be a restaurant, club, bar, or even a hookah lounge. Whatever you want to call it Blue has never delivered anything but a mediocre experience for me.First off the drinks are very overpriced for what you get. Each martini is about $14, at this price point you are approaching what high end night clubs on the strip charge and this place is no Marquee. However, what bothers me the most about Blue Martini is their half-assed attempt at being a 'club' at town square. On any weekend you will see a group of the sleaziest bouncers this town has to offer enforcing dress code and holding up the line for no reason. Once they make you pay cover and get in, you come to realize that place is full of people old enough to be your parents trying to dance to some no-name DJ playing songs off his ipod.While Blue Martini is not a small venue, it is by no means comparable to any of the nightclubs it aspires to emulate. Low ceilings, cramped seating, and a tiny impromptu dance floor created by shoving dining tables and chairs off to the side. Personally, I prefer not to get down in some chain restaurant. No matter how you look at it, you can have a better experience for the same price on the Strip. Unless you have a hook up for free drinks or a bottle, avoid this place like the plague.Blue Martini is an okay option.  I am not always the biggest fan of this place, I have only been at the choice of a group of friends or for work social events.  They do have a good selection of cocktails. The food is decent, nothing that I can recommend as a must try.   The prices are pretty much comparable to being on the strip.They have live music occasionally and some dancing, the music varies between bands and DJs, depending on the night/time. Happy Hour is a good option here (drinks are 50% off), and some of the food is discounted. It can get really crowded, and all seating is on a first come, first serve basis.I just recently moved back into town and Blue Martini used to be one of my Go To places, whether just for a quick bite at lunchtime or with my girlfriends at night.  I will only go if other people insist on going now, in 5 syllables un-pro-fes-sion-al.I love this place, they have a great happy hour but I am sorry our service tonight sucked.  Our server whose name I will give to management if they desire was the worst I have ever experienced here.  When we first came in a girl came over asked us for drinks and then sent our server over.  We ordered drinks, got the drinks and then she disappeared.Once our drinks were empty we had to ask some people from HR to get us someone.  A girl came over and said she had no idea where our server disappeared to.  She helped us and finally after our drinks came our original server showed up but the service did not get better.  We asked for more drink she forgot.  We asked for the bill, she forgot.  I had to track her down several times by physically looking for her and finally after we got our check and gave her our card, it literally took her 15 minutes to get us our check back after asking her twice.We will go back but if she is our server we will move to another seat.  She should NOT be working there and that is sad to say but she does not represent this place well at all.'Twas the night before Christmas, when all through the house

We thought dinner would be better, a lot of sushi places don't exactly shine for lunch.  We judge a place based on the nigiri.  It just wasn't that... great... it wasn't that fresh, wasn't that flavorful.. just not up to par at all.  We took people there for a business meeting and the people that are just used to tempura and California rolls seemed happy. Basically.. cheap rolls and tempura.. okay for lunch.

My boyfriend and I went to the lunch buffet, 2/5/13 as one of his events for his bday. He had been to the dinner one about 6 years ago. He absolutely loved which is why we decided to go.

3 stars for amenities.

Ordered blackened wings, got buffalo instead but server insisted they were blackened.Carolina dip is excellentThis place is incredibly loud and full of little kids.  If you aren't up for that, then don't go here.  The food is "good" not great.I have children too, by the way and this was outta control both times I was there.I'm at a loss to attempt to stay positive about our dining experience at Leroy Fox.  We spent the better part of a half of a ball game waiting for our order with little apparent concern for the delay. They either are suffering from now enough kitchen help or waiters.the best I would rate the overall quality as a two.My family and I have been to here numerous times since we lived so close by. Food and service were excellent for the first two years.  We have shared meals with friends here and referred people to eat there more times then I could count. We recently moved further away and don't get to frequent them as often. The times that we do, we have noticed there has been a considerable decline in their food and service, with it getting worse with every visit. The most recent visit which will be our last, was horrible. We have allergies in our family so there was some items that needed to be returned because they would cause an allergic reaction.  This is understandable, but apparently our server decided to write us off, and we went almost 20 minutes without seeing him again. I played around with the idea of talking with a manager, but he walked by our table 3 times, and never stopped to ask how our meal was.  Considering we had a few problems with our meal, we found it very unusual that the manager didn't do a table visit.  To me that would seem like management doesn't care either. The restaurant hardly had anyone in it at the time we came in, so being busy or in the weeds wasn't an issue.   Because we have piculuaritis with our families meals when we eat out, we often tip well. He should be glad my wife was there to leave a tip, because for the first time in my life, eating out, I wasn't going to leave one.  Considering that the fried chicken meal starts at $14, this is not a cheap place to eat.  Go here if you would like to be disappointed.The building certainly looks fresher than the others around it, so it makes it stand out a bit.  It has a large covered dog friendly patio that looks very appealing.  The interior is also nicely done with that relaxed industrial modern feel.  There is ample seating and a very large bar.  While it's great to have a TV or two for the single bar patrons who need to zone out while eating alone - the size and number of the ones here was a bit distracting - giving it more of a bar hang out feel than casual restaurant.The bartender I had was a bit leisurely.  She was nice and all, but seemed as if I waited around a while to order a drink, then even longer to order my food.  After my food arrived she only checked on me once and she just seemed weary.  Guess the lunch rush had worn her out before I got there.The menu seems as if it wants to be a little more upscale southern food.  Now being a vegetarian in a place known for fried chicken can be a test, but they had several options on the menu for me.  I opted to try the zucchini fries so many speak of, the fried green tomatoes and the mac n cheese.  Being a southern girl the last two were going to have to be spot on to get my approval.  Regrettably they failed.  The zucchini fries were large spear cut sections with a nice batter, but where was this spice that so many talked about?  The batter just seemed salty to me.  The boom boom sauce was too much like a zesty mayonnaise to me, so when I did opt to dip I went with the ranch which was decent.  As for the FGT - well for starters if you are going to call them green - then that's what they should be.  These however were just tomatoes - fully ripe, soft, red tomatoes.  No green, crisp un-ripeness to them.  The pimento cheese was good, but it was all too rich with the boom boom sauce all around it.  The batter was also the same as the zucchini.  I prefer the lightness of a customary cornmeal batter on my FGT.  It really needed something to lighten it up.  As for the mac n cheese - my grandma would roll over in her grave if I even pretended it was good.  It didn't taste any better than the Velveeta stuff in a box.  Guess it did have fancier noodles than elbow, but it was a letdown.  The sangria was good however, spicy and tart!I could see this place doing well as the after work hang out in the area, but not sure this is the place in Charlotte I'd suggest for visitors to go or if you're wanting to have that foodgasm experience.Great atmosphere. Awesome outdoor patio. Good beer selection. But the food falls way short. Had the southern fried chicken and had to send it back because it was extremely dry and that's an understatement. I was expecting the food to match the restaurant's vibe but was extremely disappointed. Then ordered the catfish instead. I will say the catfish was cooked perfectly but had no taste. Very bland :/. Not happy with their food. If you want a cool place to drink and hang out then this is perfect but make sure you eat somewhere else before hand!As a charlotte native, I have seen the few restaurants that have occupied this location evolve and either succeed, or close. Leroy Fox is a place that I have eaten at now four times, including today, and each time... The wait for food gets worse and worse. The quality of the food has been delicious, but the wait is ridiculous, and the taste of food does not make up for waiting over 40 minutes at lunch for a sandwich and salad. Keep in mind, the restaurant is barely full... Highly disappointed in a restaurant with a prime location.This place is a little boring.  Not ever really busy, when I've been there.  The food is very average and a little pricey for what you get.  Probably won't come back again.Me and my girls went there on Sunday after church. We order salads and the zucchini fries as appetizer. I have never tasted season less food like I had there. This wasn't a great place for me. The service saved the food.The zucchini fries were excellent which was good because Our entrees were served icy cold, they got my order wrong, and the risotto was crunchy.My husband and I use to be regulars. Excellent food and a great bar. But...we started having to eat late. If you go before 9 pm you might as well eat at Chuckie Cheese. The place is full of little kids running around while their parents drink.  So we stopped going for awhile. Months.Tonight we decided to go back. Now I am disappointed because the quality of the food seems to have diminished. It is still good but not near as good as it was. Now this will be just be a late night neighborhood bar.We were seated at Leroy Fox and was immediately greeted by our server - so far so good.  She asked us what we would like to drink and the following ensued: Server:  What can I get you two to drink?

The building is very old and run down. The pool is tiny tiny...

My cup of  "clam chowder" tasted like Progresso's canned version. Not even Campbell's Chunky!Con:

chicken, shrimp, rice, veggies, potatoes... I mean honestly who could eat all this??So of course half of my meal goes back because Im just loaded and my parents did the same thing. Waiter came over and asked how everything was and we laughed saying "it was good but way too much food"

Anyway she asked who I ordered from at the bar, a male or female & that she would go talk to them about it.

5)  My mashed potato:  offered an option, served the option I didn't pick, then told by the manager that i shouldn't have had the option in the first place.  (JEESH!) By the way, the table next to us also had terrible service.  We overheard the waitress ask the patrons when they were asking for their check, "Did you ever get the beer you ordered?"  (DOESN'T SHE EVEN KNOW??)  As stated before, I have experienced much better at Richardsons previously.  They should be embarrassed!!!!I had lunch here one afternoon when it was surprisingly not crowded. I am giving four stars for an always cozy atmosphere and a nice patio.I had the enchiladas which had a nice kick, especially the pork. But the quality if the food in relation to the price is what gets me. Everything is good but not great enough to warrant the prices. And the service is almost always lacking.This particular time, we seemed to be the victim of our server going on break and their being a breakdown in communication or coordination. In any case, we had to  wait a while before our drinks were refilled and my salad was forgotten. Our server was nice and apologetic so no worries. Not always the case as some servers make it clear that they are way above looking after the likes of us.So overall, not a bad place, the prices, quality and atttiude serve as enough of a deterrent to patronize again in the future.The ambiance and location saves this place from zero stars.Food wasn't good at all, specially for the price. Guac was boring and chunky with unexpected (and unpleasant) textures.The chips were oily although the salsas were good.I had the angel hair chilly pasta with shrimp. The shrimp were good but the pasta was packed with alfredo sauce and no hint of spiciness at all.I tried my friend's lamb rack and it was boring and flavorless. Besides the great company and great place ambiance wise, the food doesn't worth the visit.I'll give this place a try someday soon with hopes that it was just a bad day because the setting and ambiance are really nice. Public service: servings are humongous, so don't over order.I think after tonight, this will be the last time I go to Richardson's. My husband likes the place, but I find it overpriced for the quality of food. However, I thought it would be nice to take him there tonight for his birthday. First, you can't make a reservation unless you have a party of four and as I discovered, there are no tables for two people. So when we got to the restaurant, there were no tables available and the bar was full, so we were offered a side bar area or outside sitting at a coffee table type area. Less than stellar choices for a birthday dinner. Finally, we got a couple seats at the bar. I ordered the Grouper with caper lemon butter sauce. Imagine my surprise when I received my dish and there were no capers. Everytime that I have had a caper sauce it has had capers in it. When I asked about it, they looked at me like I was crazy. Plus, all the sauce was absorbed by the tortilla on the plate. So I basically I paid $27 bucks for a dry Grouper with asparagus. My husband kind of liked his dish, but he was not overwhelmed. Yeah, the last time we will go there.Food is alright. Service is garbage. You would expect a lot more from a place with the kind of prices they have. If anything, the food is what gave it the 2 stars...As a long time (15+ years) patron, it's hard to write this. I'm not sure what's happened, but Richardson's is not what it used to be. After several not-great-not-terrible dinners, this last one was unfortunately worthy of review. From a server who pushed us 3x in the first 10 minutes to order when we'd already ordered appetizers and were enjoying wine and conversation, to tilapia swimming in a soupy, tasteless "sauce", to salads that arrived AFTER the main course, to an unopened bottle of wine left at the table with a broken cork, this was a sad and disappointing experience. The server eventually apologized for the wine, but not before pushing the broken, crumbly cork into the wine, capping it with the cork from the first bottle and offering it to us to take home. Almost $300 for a party of 4 to have this kind of experience? Unfortunately, we probably won't return unless we hear from many, many people that things have improved. Sniff.Unfortunately, the drastically mixed reviews are are accurate- although unless the really good ones are purely nostalgic, I'm not sure where they are coming from.  I hadn't been t Richardson's since they'd rebuilt...remember when this spot was Timothy's??  Now, that...I miss!Anyhow, our dinner for 8 went from bad- a bartender who had very good wine knowledge but then just poured my drink into a new glass after I discovered a crack in it and gave us serious attitude when questioned about the need to remake the drink....to worse- spoiled seafood with major ammonia smell.2 stars- one for the Manager who when we finally complained took care of us properly and one for the cozy patio.  Just not sure if I can bring myself to give them another try... Sad.Bad service.  Bad breakfast.  Eggs were runny.  Bacon was over cooked.  Server had pissy attitude.  They always pretend it is busier than it really is.  Going down hill.  Go to good egg for a great breakfast.We were here years ago (actually Dicks Hideway) and loved the tamales so dropped in when we drove by. We had our kid with us and didn't think that would be an issue, but felt the cold shoulder when we walked in. We felt unwelcome, and the hostess seemed to have an attitude. No one smiled, once. At all. When we were taken to the table, the hostess just stared at the server and we stood there uncomfortably in silence for an oddly long period of time. We weren't offered the specials and had to ask about tamales, which were a special.We were talking about how we felt like our presence was an inconvenience and I think someone overheard, because then the waitress started being nicer. The food wasn't as good as we remembered and the experience was miserable and we won't be coming back.I liked the two bar and cove areas for space and ambiance.  Our waitress was really nice but the kitchen was in deep trouble.  We waited over an hour for 3 happy hour small plates - chips and dip, sliders and tostadas.    Easy to create.  We asked the waitress twice and she apologized both times.  Finally I asked if I could order a second glass of wine at happy hour prices since happy hour was long over and I didn't get to eat my food while I drank my wine.  She managed to get a comp glass of wine for me which helped.  I made sure to tip her well because the food delay was not her fault.  Everyone was experiencing the same slowness.  When one table has a problem getting their food it's a mistake.  When none of the tables get their food in a timely manner - is time to fire the expediter.  Once the food came it was a terrible disappointment.  The same bland dry meat with no flavor just hot spice was on the sliders and the tostada and the dip was horrible.  The best part of the meal were the corn chips that clearly came out of a bag.  To make matters worse, I originally stopped in at Rockerij and decided not to stay because it was too hot and too crowded.  Next time we will mosey down 16th street to all the other restaurants/bars that deserve our business.Unfortunately, I had a sad, sad experience at Richardson's a few weeks back. I was tasked with planning a dinner for about 50 of my colleagues who would be traveling to AZ from various parts of the country. Because we have been having the most incredible weather and because Richardson's is known for authentic New Mexican cuisine (which I thought many would not have experienced before) I decided on this restaurant's patio for our setting. Working with the events manager was great, she was very responsive and easy to work with, I had great expectations! Sadly, it all went to sh*t on the night of the dinner. First of all, they had two servers on a 50+ person party. Whaaa? I felt bad for the servers as they were completely set up to fail. Second, when one of my colleagues asked if some of our tables could get water, after waiting 45 minutes, the manager got in her face. Inappropriate! The manager later apologized and our colleagues who had not yet been greeted or helped were quickly taken care of. I appreciate them stepping up but these thing should have never happened in the first place. As great as the food was, and that is the only reason for my two stars, I will not be heading back to Richardson's anytime soon.Had family in town and wanted to take them to one of my favorite places in The Valley. I should have gone with my gut and not taken the 9:15 reservation but they really wanted to eat here. We were seated at about 9:30 and they were definitely not ready for us. We received water right away and then were assured by the manager that we would be well taken care of. We didn't see our waitress for 15 minutes after that. She was good and very nice considering she was our bartender for an hour and a half while we were waiting for our table drinking. We wanted a pizza and they said they weren't serving them anymore?  Ordered our apps. and they were good. Ordered our dinners and the Caesar salads came out without dressing. Ouch. Dinners were OK. Just not as good as every time else I have been there. Oh well. Maybe it was too late in the evening.The food is very good and I liked the atmosphere.  If you go for happy hour be very careful where you sit and then still ask the server.  We had a group of people on Wednesday and sat at a patio table only to find our table did not get happy hour prices.  Had we sat to the right of us at the bar or to the left of us at a different table, we would have saved about 50% on our bill.  Even the manager would not override it.  They said that we sat at a private table, this table was sandwiched between the front entrance gate and the front door of the restaurant, nothing private about it.  The waitress never mentioned it or suggested that we sit at the other table.I was in town for a conference and tried this place after reading the reviews.  We were greeted by the hostess quickly and waited at the bar for our table.  The bartender was attentive and served us a couple of drinks.  The ambiance is actually quite nice and cozy as folks have mentioned.  Our wait time to be seated was also about 40 minutes, so i would recommend coming when less busy or for happy hour and grabbing a seat at the bar.  The waitress seemed rather rushed and not attentive, as we had to ask for water.  Additionally, it was odd that the waitress did not even go over any of the daily specials noted on the chalkboards.  We ordered a fish taco special noted on the chalkboard and a relleno platter as well.  Both dishes were served rather late, after about 20 minutes of waiting.  The place was not really packed by the time we were seated.  The main courses were fair, but nothing really to write home about.  I was definitely expecting more.  We did try the flan, which was quite good.  The overall rating would have been three starts if our service was improved and the waitress took time to be more attentive and explain the menu items.My first time here and I have to say, it did not live up to its expectations. From the moment we got there, the hostess was rude and when I asked if they could turn the air up before my friend turned into a popsicle, we were declined. I then asked if we could turn the fan off right above us and she still said no without any explanation. I ordered the shrimp enchiladas and I would say there was MAYBE three pieces of shrimp in the entire dish. Splitting up the check was a nightmare since we were told they dont do seprate checks , she came over probably every two minutes to make sure we were moving along in the bill splitting process. It was not relaxing, enjoyable or worthwhile. It was a going away dinner for one of my friends and I was sad to say that upon leaving, I knew she wasn't thrilled with the service or the food.Good food, terrible service. Maybe nice for a bar dinner for two, but definitely not kid-friendly.We went today to catch a celebratory brunch for a few family achievements. My wife and I tow along a toddler and an infant, and we wanted to get a table for 6, for the other family coming in. The hostess looked at us like we were blood-stained hobos or something, and seemed oh-so-upset that she had to take us to our table. When we asked if there were high chairs or accommodations for the infant in the car seat, she flatly replied no and suggested we could put our infant on the floor. You know, totally normal restaurant practice.The staff, from bus boy to waiters, seemed to do just the bare minimum. No smiles or friendly talk, and it was almost like they didn't want to make eye contact. I'm Asian so with my squinty eyes I can understand if people have a hard time making eye contact. But my in-laws have perfectly normal eyes. One waitress, who was also attending at the bar, was nice enough to talk to us a bit, but was too busy and eventually had to ask another grumpy person to take care of us. Anytime we had questions, like whether we could sit outside, or where the restroom is, or, oh I don't know, if we could I have a water refill, we'd be met with what looked like eye-rolling. We all felt uncomfortable. I actually felt relieved to leave, eventually. Food was nice, but not good enough to warrant coming back for.I was really looking forward to eating at Richardsons but was unfortunately let down. My wife and I ordered 3 dishes and only one was worth eating.  The ceviche comes in a bowl of salsa with little fish. The garlic plate was okay but nothing to write home about.  Our final dish was the carne adobada. I loved this dish but it was a little too spicy for my wife.  The service was great however our first round of drinks tasted watered down and at $13 per drink, I would like it to taste like it contained alcohol.After years of being Richardson's customers we have sworn not to return.

I think I would be the extra money and try a spa at another hotel on the strip.I had a deep tissue massage, which was incredibly painful around my neck and absolutely not deep on my back. I brought that up, but that didn't change the strength.The Spa, similar to the rest of the hotel, is aging and would benefit renovation. 18% gratuity was added without checking with me :/Had my nails done for my wedding. VERY overpriced and quality not the greatest either. Just went because we were staying at the Monte Carlo. Would not go back.I got a gel manicure here. It was by far the worst manicure I have ever received. Not only was it $85.00!!! It was a total of 25 min. No massage after. She barely cut my cuticles, the gel is lumpy and it's been 5 days since I've received the mani. I expected sooo much more from a resort on the strip. I would never recommend this place to anyone!!! Go to one of the Asian spots up the street for 30.00 and it'll be way better!!!So, I really want to give them a 1-star, but I don't think their work is bad. I went in today with hopes of getting a tattoo -- that is, my fourth tattoo -- but was completely turned off by their lack of customer service.I appreciated it when they told me not to go with something too small since it can get blotchy in the future. I appreciated it when they told me that they would fit me in as a walk-in at some point today. However, I did NOT appreciate being spoken to like a naive person, nor taken for a complete idiot when they wanted to overcharge me for a SMALL tattoo that shouldn't and wouldn't cost more than $100-120 anywhere else. I am a million percent sure that my budget was realistic for what my idea was, and I would've appreciated it if they were willing to work WITHIN that budget rather than blatantly tell me to "save up" instead. Otherwise, he said, it would be something far more simple -- AKA a shittier job.Thanks, but no thanks. I left the shop disappointed, and mostly annoyed with them taking me for a complete idiot, and walked up the street to Adrenaline, where not only were they accommodating, but they fit me in for an appointment tomorrow AND they're willing to work within my budget while still doing a good job.Instead of working with me, you lost a good and loyal customer today. Good job, Slicks.I felt very disrespected after getting a tattoo here. I'm new to yelp so this review is about 3 years old but I would never get work done here again. Got a foot tattoo here which involved my foot just twitching towards the end so the artist said that since if have to come back for touch ups, that we would finish the tattoo next time. I'm not even mad that there are 2-3 obvious f*** ups because they'd probably from my foot twitched, but when I came back, the artist blatantly denied having tattooed me to begin with. My receipt wasn't clear enough and apparently they were "unable" to verifying he work in the appt book because I was a walk-in. To this day I have an unfinished foot tattoo. The staff refused to look on the shop camera for the photo they took with me for a vitamin water promo while getting tattooed.  Complete slap in the face.I give them 2 stars just because their location in St-Anne's is great.Reading all the good reviews and went there with hope this morning, as I am a big tiramisu fan. But it turned out that the tiramisu didn't taste what I expect. Or say, not like a traditional tiramisu. It was just a cake with coffee flavor cream.The crossants look good, but i am not sure whether I will want to return to try.The sydney salad...tuna salad, was very blasse.....open a can of tuna and dump it on top...I can do that at home...had to wait 20 minutes for it as well...Shortly after learning of its existence, we decided to try out the Scottsdale Salad Company. Unfortunately, the day we decided to go, we were in a bit of a rush. We thought getting a quick wrap or salad to go would be quick. Unfortunately, it took over 30 minutes to get three wraps to go.The menu is a bit difficult to navigate as it is so wordy. Whoever wrote it felt an entire narrative on the execution of their dishes was necessary rather than just a breakdown of what was in it.I got their Teriyaki Wrap. It was OK, but definitely not worth the wait. The sauce it came with was advertised simply as a teriyaki sauce. They failed to mention the inclusion of a wasabi cream mixture placed in it, an unfortunate combination for those like me who do not enjoy the taste of wasabi or those who do not like spicy foods, especially if they are not warned of its existence. That was the worst error of all for me. This lost my trust in their menu and i will not be coming back.*Edit* After an owner/worker posted a comment, I realized I missed an important point. Had the restraunt been busy with lots of people in front of us, I could have understood the wait. I must clarify that we were the only people there, no line was present, and I saw no tickets piled up for the cooks to be working on and no sense of urgency or rush.This restaurant was ok, but I don't think we'll go back. The "tortilla" soup not only didn't have tortillas on or in it, but didn't contain Mexican spices, beans, corn, or come with any cheese or sour cream as toppings. You would think at the bare minimum it would have some tortilla strips on top? We even had to double check that we had gotten the right kind of soup because it was unrecognizeable. The wrap came with a side of green sauce that was not listed in the menu description. My sister thought it was cucumber sauce and used it on half of her wrap before she realized that the major kick she was tasting was wasabi! It would've been good to know beforehand what and how spicy this was, as not everyone enjoys wasabi. This combined with the minor annoyance that the salad had such large vegetables but doesn't come with a knife (you have to get up and get it yourself) left us unimpressed. To each their own, this one just was not for us.Wasn't impressed. Dressing tasted like a store bought bottle dressing and tomatoes very very mushy.When I saw this place pop up along the everyday path home, I had such great hopes.  I was counting the days until I was able to hit this place for a nice weekday lunch.With an such and ostentatious name as "The Scottsdale Salad Company", I was oh so stoked about a genuine alternative...  I envisioned crazy vegan vigilance, staunch environmental activism and a ridiculous gargantuan AYCE salad buffet teaming with fresh usuals and exotic fare.  I would stuff myself into lunch coma with all manner of crazy nosh all while maintaining some personal self-image of "health" under the guise of a "salad bar".  Glorious.Alas, I was so, so disappointed.It's basically a shell of a quick-serve Chinese restaurant very slightly skinned to be a basic eatery.  The place was virtually empty at high-noon on a Tuesday.  I ordered the large Parisian Salad and a soda.  I was expecting a freshly tossed salad piled high on a plate with a flourish deserving of the name "The Scottsdale Salad Co."!!  Rather, I got a pre-packed romaine lettuce and cabbage bomb in a plastic clamshell.  Oh, my soda was a nice styrofoam cup I filled on the fountain machine.  All for about $10.  Food cost couldn't have been more than $2 even if purchased from Costco next door.  I certainly wasn't paying for the ambiance.  Lame.A couple people there got a wrap, which appeared to be emaciated and a general poor excuse for a wrap which I'd like to pay money for at a restaurant.  I could make the same lame roll at home for about $1.As is, this place is simply another ticking timebomb of another indy resturant failure.  If the owners take a risk and venture to be more than service station food, they might have a prayer...We ordered a sicilian pizza because we like our pizza thick, however, our pizza was no thicker than a standard round pizza -- very disappointing.  There was hardly any crust also.  I will say the roasted red peppers as a topping were good.  The other thing we didn't like was that it was pretty salty.Had the gyro and the meat was just awful. Super dry, tough, and lacked flavor. The sauce was mediocre. Wouldn't get it again.(Writing this as I order here for the first time. Ordered at 1:02pm & it's now 1:15pm. I want a fresh review. Ordered a catfish 3 piece dinner that comes on bread with fries & coleslaw. Also ordered a slice of Raspberry cheesecake.)Delivery came at 1:51pm.Everything I ordered was there. Visual inspection:Comes with pita not bread! Definitely a plus for me.

 Good for: Wealthy small people who like sweat.

Despite the lack of shops, this place still has a lot of things to do. You can go clothes/item shopping, just like any other mall. You can go grocery shopping at Costco. You can even go see a movie at the seemingly like-new Harkins they put up here a decade or so ago.~The Good~

But, the food isn't the reason for the meh rating. It's that there's some weirdness about this place. 1. There's a sign on the door which leads out to their beautiful, shaded patio with ceiling fans that says "Please do not sit on patio". No explanation as to why. Why can't I enjoy the beautiful weather outside? Especially since you are running a ceiling fan out there.

Let's start by mentioning the front desk:

-the  bus was nothing great small and no stripper pole or much room

Value...? Not.I don't understand why all these restaurants on Gilbert Rd. have become so full of fluff and high prices. What happened?Less than impressed for the price. I dont really understand the hype. Honestly the best part was the milkshake. Whats that tell ya?Good place if you like under-cooked (not-cooked) raw burgers - dangerous combination with drunk hungry people. Aside from that OK place with ping pong and foosball table. Nice service and music as well.Un peu due par ce bar, au concept pourtant prometteur. J'ai bien sr t emballe par les tables de jeu, qui rencontrent souvent un trs gros succs. Je mets un bmol quant  la configuration de l'espace. Ok le bar est dj petit mais il aussi tres frquent et les 3 fois o j'y suis all il n'y avait ni de quoi s'asseoir  (ce que je peux concevoir pour un bar couru) ni de quoi tre  l'aise debout...c'est  dire que o que vous soyez debout vous serez toujours dans le chemin de quelqu'un OU au mieux, de la balle de ping pong. Le choix des boissons et leur prix ne me donnent pas tant envie d'y retourner non plus. Cependant je retenterai bien  un moment plus tranquille de la semaine pour avoir une autre exprience.I don't work for the Angry Crab so my review will be more honest.  I arrived at 3:10 pm, thinking they just opened.  The place was already very busy.  The staff is trained to be high energy, so when I entered the employees began  screaming at me, "hootin and hollerin" if you will.  I thought I was doing a curtain call.  Remember, this is the first day.  I ordered a drink and there was much confusion as glassware is limited to mason jars' I ordered fried oysters and bbq baked beans.  The beans were immediately served, (I make much better).  I played with the beans but did not eat them.  Five to ten minutes later my drink and oysters arrived.  The drink was OK and the oysters need future attention. The acoustics are terrible!  With all of the noise, I had to leave.  I'll try the bbg next time, but the portions were not as large as the first review stated.  I'm glad there is finally a  restaurant in the vacant slot.  I hope they get the bugs worked out.  I also be glad when  there's less help asking me if everything is OK.This is my honest opinion of this business after my first visit.There is a weird atmosphere inside this restaurant.  The first thing you will notice is the dozen or so televisions hanging on the walls.  As I parked, it almost gave this place the look of a sports bar (yes, you can see them from outside, very clearly).  As I entered, I noticed the walls are covered in graffiti from customers.  This is a neat idea, however, as the restaurant has only been open a week or two, it was kind of overwhelming to see so much of it already.  I foresee the walls causing issues in the future for them.  This restaurant is also very bright inside.  So bright that it does not make for an intimate dining atmosphere.  Then again, the noise level in there doesn't either.  I had to raise my voice to be heard across the table a few times.The menu is not well designed.  It's weird that the seafood and meats have separate side dishes.  The waiter was very hesitant to sub out my side for what I really wanted.  Before ordering we were warned that all of their spice levels were off.  The "no spice" sauces were equal to a mild, the mild sauces were equal to medium and so on.  Service was very strange.  After ordering, one of my side dishes was brought to me right away by a random staff member.  Several minutes later another staff member brought out the entire meal of the person with whom I visited this restaurant.  I had to wait 7 or 8 minutes for the rest of my food arrived.  We ordered fish n chips with bbq beans and cajun fries, and pulled pork with ACQ sauce, bbq beans, and corn on the cob with melted butter.  I have to say, I loved the cajun fries and the ACQ sauce.  The pulled pork was bland without sauce.  The bbq beans weren't that good.  The corn was served in a bag with more melted butter in it than corn.  The fish n chips were very spicy (and I don't think they were supposed to be).  I emptied my drink on the first of the pieces of fish.  My waiter attended the tables flanking mine, and refilled my guest's drink, but never offered to refill mine.  My mouth was so on-fire after the second piece of fish that I had to stop another member of the waitstaff and ask them to refill my drink.I also found it strange that there was a kids menu when in the middle of the restaurant is a huge bar area, and several of the female waitstaff walk around in tank-tops with their cleavage exposed.  Not very family-friendly for kids.  I get that this place is supposed to be relaxed and laid back, but professionalism is still important.I would probably order bbq to-go from here, but I don't think this would be a place I would stop to eat in the future.First of all, I really wish I could rate this place higher; our neighborhood really could use some good bbq and seafood. Here's our experience:

On the plus side the space is great with a good vibe.  If you go for vibe and space go, if you go for good food go somewhere else.  A generous 2 stars.

I ordered pancakes,  philly cheesesteak omelette and home fries.Pancakes-Nothing specialOmelette- Pretty good no complaintsHome fries- Bland and mushyThis will be the last time we visit.   The service was slow and not welcoming.  It took too long for us to order and even refill our coffee.  Waitresses had attitudes that you can see with each other just sitting at the bench area. Totally dis functional.   Once the food finally came, we had burnt but yet undercooked potatoes and burnt with undercooked bacon.   How is that possible ? Not evenly cooked at all!!!  While watching the waitresses, they would take orders touch everything then go and put bread on the toaster!! No hand washing!!!!  Needless to say we didn't eat our toast once arrived.  Once we are done it took 5 mins standings at the register for someone to check us out since they seem to not help each other.   Sorry delucas but we will not be back. For 30 dollar breakfast I expected a lot more.While on a red bus tour, we heard about this breakfast place. We went in with high hopes.  There were three of us, and the line had about 15 people in front of us.  It didn't take long for us to get a table, maybe 15 minutes.  Our waitress came over shortly afterwards and took our order.  It then took about 15-20 minutes for her to bring our drinks.  The food was just mediocre.  I had a waffle that was undercooked.  Someone else had the oatmeal that was not very hot. The last person got eggs, bacon and hotcakes which was maybe the best choice.  The food came out pretty quick, considering how long it took for drinks.It was just so-so, possibly even less than so-so.  I'd recommend Pamelas's over Delucas.I went to this restaurant because my Dad and stepmom had previously dined there a few years ago and said it was really good.  Well, either I hit this place on an off night or the food quality has done downhill over the last few years.  I sat at the bar and ordered a glass of Pinot Noir and the chicken parmigiana.  It came with a mixed green salad with balsamic vinaigrette that was pretty tasteless.  The chicken parmigiana was just okay.  Nothing standout, and dare I say, Olive Garden has a better chicken parmigiana.  The entree came with a side of ziti that was decent, but nothing special.  I was shocked when the bill came...$34 before tip.  The wine was $8 so the chicken parm cost $26?  Never again.  The food is drastically over-priced for the quality you get.  I won't go back.Went to Bravo Franco this evening for Valentine's dinner before a concert at Heinz Hall.  I'm very happy that the person I made the reservation with suggested 6pm for an 8pm show, becuause we didn't get out of the restaurant until 7:45pm.  In summary, based on my one experience, I strongly discourage anyone from trying Bravo Franco.  The food was bland and our service was terrible.  We started with the Fried Zucchini (I had heard that it is a specialty of the Pittsburgh Theater District, so we had to try it).  It was good, it came out quickly, and was way too much food for two people.  After the appetizer, we should have received our salads pretty quickly, however we sat there for 15 minutes, waiting for a busboy or our waiter to clear the appetizer and bring us our salads.  When they finally did arrive, they became a highlight of the night.  I had a caesar, my wife the house.  I really enjoyed the caesar dressing, although the croutons were burnt.  The wait in-between the salads and entrees wasn't too long, my guess is that was because of the extra long wait earlier.    My osso-buco was very tender, but had very little flavor.  My wife's lobster ravioli on the other hand had plenty of flavor, unfortunately the flavor was "too-fishy".At this point we were both very disappointed.  However, I was resolved to try dessert, as I had read that their Tiramis was excellent.  It was 6:50pm, and I thought that was more than enough time.  This was another big mistake.  It took over 15 minutes for them to clear our entree plates and bring us dessert menus, and almost 15 more minutes for the desserts to come out.  Luckily we asked for our check when dessert arrived, and had paid by the time we were finished eating.My wife ordered the Tiramis, and I ordered the Creme Caramel.  I enjoyed mine a lot, but the Tiramis was awful.  I swear, it was covered in HERSHEY'S SYRUP.  Unless they changed their recipe, I'm not sure what the other reviewers were thinking.Total bill for the above, and two glasses of wine, was ~$110 before tip.Excellent Service, Horrible Food! Plus to many "Hidden Add-on" to the check! Sauce for my Calamari, extra without informing! Parents Zucchini Strips sauce, extra! Blue Cheese for Salad, extra, etc!!! I ordered Lobster Ravioli, and it looked and tasted like plan cheese Ravioli. I forget to check the check to see if it was a mistake in the waiter placing the Order or they sent the wrong dish!!!Ate at Bravo Franco before seeing a play at the Public theater.When I go to a restaurant I want the food to be better than what we can make at home. That's not what happened.  Watery salad, dry mashed potatoes, disappointing pasta, et cetera.  The service was fair, not engaging or happy.  I wish we would have looked at yelp before we went to this restaurant.The blackened shrimp appetizer was pretty tasty. The shrimp bisque was delicious. The fettuccine alfredo was a bit bland, and the chicken on top was bone dry. The filet mignon came out well done instead of medium, but the server was very gracious about having it redone. However, the replacement filet was absolutely rare (although it was very flavorful).The decor and atmosphere is a bit dated (muzak and all), but it's not totally unpleasant. The service is generally pretty nice. There's a bit of a summer fruit fly problem.Altogether, although the service is nice, the food quality varies too much for what you have to pay. Wouldn't recommend it.Food was average.  Service was average.  I did not trust them to be careful about my food sensitivities (gluten and dairy).  Bread was cold.  Wine was forgotten.  When we arrived, a waitress seated us.  About fifteen minutes later, a haughty maitre d' came to our table and in a tone of "I can't *believe* that they let you in here!", said, "Ladies, I will have to take your coats or you can put them on.  We do not allow coats hung over chairs in the dining room."  Would certainly have been been more graceful if they had told us when they seated us....Just ok.Six of us dined prior to seeing Celtic Women last night.  Very disappointing, very!  Made our reservation 2 weeks prior to going to Bravo Franco.  Hostess wanted to seat 6 of us at a bar window!  Portions were ridiculously small on the Virginia Spots, three meals should have equaled one.  Mentioned this to the waitress and she did nothing to rectify.  Bread pudding dessert was not good.  Taste was bland and service mediocre.  Will not be going back, ever!Good food poor service and attitude from the staff. Came here with a group at 9 pm on a night of shows and the restaurant closed at 11. The owner kindly welcomed us on and sat us, we were coming from an alumni event for our college and had some friends straggling behind. The waitress started off kind and took our drink orders. She then proceeded to tell us at 915 that our friends needed to hurry up because the owner needed them to place the order. I told her they were on their way and would be here shortly. I kept seeing her from the register looking over at us with a scowl and then screamed across the dining room to me that they needed to hurry up and get here. I explained to her I had placed the food order with another waitress. When she came back over with our salads, my friend asked her if we were a burden to her and she said no but the owner wanted to shut the burners off. I said I work at a bank in customer service and even if a person comes in before closing time we accommodate their needs and I questioned as to why they were turning the burners off at 930 when they closed at 11. After that discussion with the waitress she became evil, her responses were short and nasty, then she sent another waitress over to finish off our table. Our food was basically dropped in front of us, no one ever asked throughout our meal if everything was ok or if we needs anything else. The food came out so quickly as well that I questioned whether or not it was freshly made to order. The owner came over to apologize and said she would accommodate us. Our waitress then was telling all the restaurant staff members about our table and said some pretty nasty things which I could hear and see her doing from my seat. So unprofessional. This is the type of place that has staff members who would spit in your food and don't have a solid management structure to guide them. Disappointing experienceHave gone here multiple times, good food, great location for the Benedum and Heinz Hall. However, always, there is a grumpy, short tempered woman at the door--forced us to hang our coats, even though we were freezing.  I wouldn't honestly complain, but this lady is just rude.The food is overpriced for what they give you- one chicken breast and a spear of broccoli was $22.50. Talk about making a come up!! Not to mention it wasn't seasoned very well.  The interior of the restaurant looks very dated. The only positive was that we were pressed for time and our waiter was able to accommodate. Not worth it. I would rather wait for a table next door at Meat and Potatoes than return here even if they are the only place with open tables which was the case tonight.Stopped here never reading reviews or anything about the place... It looked nice and classy so I figured it would be awesome. Our waitress, Sharon just wasn't pleasant at all... She slammed our drinks and plates down. Then we asked for more bread and she said "well I'll have to charge you" so that is fine but when she gave us the basket it only had two small pieces in it, which before each basket had about 4, so that was kinda crappy. Then one of us ordered another beer and she poured it and just let it over flow all onto the table and didn't even say a word.  The crab in the stuffed mushroom app and the stuffed shrimp dinner has mostly imitation crab in it, which for the price is just unacceptable. I had just plain fettuccine Alfredo and it was great I ate the whole thing....  The lighting is just so bright and it's around dinner so I don't want to be under a heat lamp during dinner... I'm not sure if I'd go back ....We went to Bravo Franco for a holiday lunch recently and I left a bit disappointed with the experience for the price point.The group had attempted to make reservations at several other places, but all were booked solid.  Bravo Franco was one of the only places left that seemed to have availability.  When we arrived, the place was a ghost town.  There may have been one other table seated, and this was during peak lunch hour!  Not a good sign.The decor in here is a bit dated and was probably very nice in the late nineties or early 2000's, but now it just feels a bit stuffy and out of touch.We were promptly seated and presented with menus.  The lunch selection was reasonable and I was happy to find a variety of items for different tastes and palates available.   A quick rundown of what I saw and what I tried:1 ) Sauteed Calamari appetizer - The sauce on this was great.  It had a nice, fresh tomato taste with just the right amount of kick.  Sadly, the calamari was way over cooked.  The pasta sauce flavor dissipated long before mastication had completed, leaving me chewing fishy rubber bands for an extra 30 seconds.  Yikes.2) Franco salad - I might not be spot on with the name here, but it was a gargantuan combo that looked like a strange antipasto platter/shrimp cocktail/lettuce/caprese frankenstein.  It looked good and there was quite a bit of food on there, but the presentation was a bit odd and didn't really strike me as being a "salad". 3) Chicken Romano - I didn't eat this, but the presentation was so sparse!  Two pieces of chicken on a plate.  That's it.  Garnish?  Side veggie?  Something!? Anything.  I don't care how good the chicken was, the plate was just boring, even if it did come with a side soup or salad.4) Sirloin Burger - This was actually pretty good.  Hand-formed patty? Check.  Cooked to specified level of done-ness?  Check?  Onions and mushrooms?  Yep.  But you forgot the cheese I asked for on top.  Oh well, it was still good.  Maybe a lil' salt and pepper though.Last but not least, the service was not good.  Our waitress was prompt enough, but her clear lack of menu knowledge was a definite deal breaker.  I've had plenty of potentially mediocre experiences turned around by waitstaff that knows the killer entree recommendation that saves the day.  No such luck today.In summary, this place may appeal to the elder theatre-going crowd, but needs some work to stay relevant and broadly-appealing in the competitive downtown dining area.My wife and I had a reservation here before an event across the street at Heinz Hall. The temperature outside was only around zero, so it was nice to be able to have dinner and then only have to walk across the street afterwards.The restaurant was cramped. We were seated at a table for two which was lined up with four other similar tables along one wall. A little too cozy. Our waitress was efficient, but she had a lot of tables and was woodenly business-like.My wife's salmon was good, but the beef tips in my pasta special were barely edible (fatty & gristly). Our bill was a whopping $125 before the tip.We will not go back to Bravo Franco (but we'll be back to Heinz Hall - we saw a remastered "Casablanca" while the Pittsburgh Symphony played the musical score -- a real "Wow"!)I have always heard good things about this restaurant.  Some friends and I hit prior to the theater for a drink and appetizers. The bartender had a personality of a doorknob. The calamari was like rubber.  I would think for an Italian restaurant with a good reputation (I thought) this would at least be good.  It was awful.  We sent it back and drank a glass of wine!2 stars seems mean, but had we paid a bit less, I would have given 3.  I went with two friends and has a reservation on a Saturday night.  We waited 20 minutes (beyond reservation time) for a table. The service was fair.  My only specific complaint is that she brought the bill while I was eating (I'm slow).  The food was pretty good, overpriced, and definitely under-presented.  My friend had the ravioli... which was a plain bowl of pasta with sauce.  Another friend had the Franco salad, which seemed kinda busy.  I had the stuffed trout, which was very tasty, but (again) under presented.  Cafeteria plate.  No garnish.  Fish+stuffing.  The green beans were tasty because of the tbs of butter they were placed in.  All in all, it was ok, but over billed.  The restaurant is dated (70's chic?), the service was meh.  I didn't hate it, but everything was kinda 5/10- except the boss lady, who seemed to work her butt off.Sigh. I want to like this place because I had a lovely dining experience there with my family before a show at Heinz Hall when I was a kid, but I've been back a few times in the last two years and I don't think I'll be returning.Our waiter was fantastic, but you get the feeling that he knows he needs to make up for the fact that the hostess is such a scary individual. He also offered to have the kitchen make chicken fingers and fries for our young dining companion, which was a nice gesture. Honestly though, the unwelcoming nature of the hostess makes the diner feel uncomfortable from the get-go and it is difficult to enjoy yourself afterwards.We started out with a few drinks and the fried zucchini. The drinks were pretty average cocktails, which is ok by me. The fried zucchini were good - light and crispy breading. The breading lacked flavor, but they came with a yummy horseradish sauce and marinara sauce that made up for it. (Unfortunately, they charge you extra to have both dipping sauces, which is silly).The soups and salad that accompanied our meals were, unfortunately, better than the meals themselves. I like their wedding soup, but there's really nothing special about it. The problem with our entrees was that the pasta was just tremendously over cooked. One of my dining companions couldn't even eat theirs, but said the chicken Marsala that accompanied it was ok. I was really bummed out that the pasta was so darn mushy because the garlic, anchovy, and hot pepper sauce that accompanied it had potential. This is the second time that the pasta has been over cooked when I dined there, so I don't think it's just coincidence. There are so many other good restaurants downtown that I would not recommend this one.Very unfriendly hostess.  Tables are placed too close together.  They really cram people in like sardines before shows.  Food isn't memorable, in fact downright horrible at times.  I've had to endure this place on several occasions for work lunches and friends who've wanted to try it before seeing a show.  From the outside it looks like a great, bustling place, but once you're in and seated you quickly regret it.I had eaten here two years ago, and remember it being really good.  I sat at the bar, the bartender was spot-on, and the food was excellent.Went back this last weekend, and was underwhelmed.  The staff was friendly, helpful, and on-point, which was very much noticed and appreciated.  But the food itself seemed to really lack.I had the Jamaican Curry bowl, which is the last item on the vegetarian menu.  It tasted overspiced; not too spicy, but just as if someone had put in three times the spices the dish called for.  I can't imagine the chef who made this tasted it and liked it.My girlfriend got the salmon, which was a really good-sized portion, but it could probably have been fresher.  We split an appetizer that was pretty good, and each had one drink.The music was great, actually.  There's a wall of speakers above the front row of tables, but it's turned to a background volume, which led to the music being clear, well balanced, and unobtrusive.  The decor was good, and I especially liked the custom trussing of lights over the bar.  Anyways, after tax and tip, the entrees should have wowed the hell out of me, and they really failed to do so.  I had wanted to go try the vegetarian prix fixe, but I'll probably hold off on that for awhile.  I'll eventually head back, as I do remember having a great meal there, but at $85 for the two entrees, two drinks, and an appetizer, I'm not in a hurry to check it out again.I'll begin with a disclaimer.  This review is based solely on brunch.  Maybe we didn't order their best menu items, I don't know.  We did order the specialty drinks...which I expected to be special.  Not so much.  I expected more, better.Everything was bland.  The roasted pork, black beans, anaheim pepper and cotija cheese omelette should have had a nice kick and big flavor...nope.  Bland.  It took lots of hot sauce to pick it up.  The egg part of the omelette itself was overcooked and dry.  The hubby had the jerk wings which he said were "fine."  And our daughter had the huevos rancheros....again, nothing to write home about.  Very disappointed.  The "specialty" drinks were disappointing, too.  The bloody Mary was, what else, bland.  No kick, no spice, no zip.  This from the same group that has a great bloody at Mad Mex.  Kaya's bartender could use some lessons from the bartender at Mad Mex!  Also, the blood orange mimosa was disappointing, too.  Just didn't taste fresh.  Was it frozen blood orange juice or just ones that had been sitting around too long?  From the reviews I've read, dinner must be MUCH better than Sunday's brunch.  I sure hope so.  I LOVE Big Burrito!  I love Eleven and Mad Mex!  Maybe we were just there on an off Sunday.Update time!  Unfortunately, my previous rating was only updated, not upgraded.  A friend and I had intended to hit Bon Giorno for a quick bite before our Knife Skills class at In the Kitchen.  The sign on the Bon Giorno door said "Open for Dinner!"  The door was locked.  Hmmm.  We knocked, a guy came out and told us they're not open on Monday nights.  Hmmm....perhaps there should have been an asterisk with a notation to that effect?  I digress.Anyhoo....Kaya was our fallback dinner spot.  It was pretty empty, but then it was a Monday and it was only 4:30 so that wasn't a bad sign.  Or was it?  Our movie-star-handsome-waiter highly recommended the Jamaican green curry.  I LOVE curry!  It came with saffron rice.  I LOVE saffron rice!  They could make it with shrimp.  I...well, you get the picture.  Both my dining companion and I ordered the curry - how could we go wrong?  Fail.  It was acceptable.  Period.  No punch of heat, although I'd ordered it hot.  The veggies were cut oddly with huge chunks of carrots and tiny pieces of green beans and cauliflower among other veggies making for hard carrots and the rest of the veggies overcooked and soft.  So disappointing.  My dining partner tried hers, but didn't even eat it.  Not wanting to hurt the waiter's feelings, she had him pack it up and then tossed it in the trash outside.  I guess Fried Chicken Thursday is the night to go.  It sure wasn't Monday.  Hard to believe this is a Big Burrito restaurant.The service was excellent. The restaurant was not exactly quiet and appropriate for a romantic dinner. Most food was quite good.  Unfortunately for this vegetarian couple it was disconcerting to receive the Tofu Cracklins to find out that they're deep fried in the same oil as the fish dinners. Thus our tofu tasted like fish. We also thought that there was way too much dressing on the Field Greens.The drinks and atmosphere: awesome! Those plantain chips: amazing! I love the vibe of this place and they had some of the best sangria I have ever tasted, but came short when it comes to food. If I had even a slightly better meal, I would have bumped the rating up, but unfortunately it wasn't good at all. I went for lunch with co-workers and ordered the Green Vegetable Curry. It was seasoned oddly, and the rice was super salty. The sauce was not really there, leaving dried, weird seasoned vegetables in a heap. I tried working around it but it was such a big pile of food, it was unappetizing. Maybe it's just this dish that's not up to par? Everyone else really loved their food! I also see another review about the curry dish... I am definitely coming back here, hopefully for a better experience!Oh Kaya.  Your drinks are good, the food looks ok, but the atmosphere just doesn't quite feel right.  We were there for Happy Hour and you could tell something wasn't quite right.  The place felt overstaffed and to a certain point you could cut the tension between the employees with a spoon.I had the Atwater Java Vanilla Porter and it was rather delicious, maybe if anything there was almost too much smoothness.  I then tried the Rum Runner which didn't really have all the flavors listed on the menu.  Their Dark & Stormy was the best drink out of the three.I plan on returning, I want to sit down at a table and try the food.  But for Happy Hour ... I'll check out a different locale.I went to Kaya hoping to have a nice relaxed evening. The blue mussels were bland, the black bean dip was tasteless (until our efforts, see below), and the tofu cracklins were soft and soggy.Ah, but I must say that the waitstaff did their best. Unfortunately they can't make up for the failings of the kitchen.  After getting the tasteless black bean dip, we were determined to have something edible, as it was too late to head elsewhere. So we gave the waitress our requests, and she soon returned with chopped cilantro, chopped onion, salt, pepper, and chopped hot pepper. After mixing those in the appropriate amounts, we finally had something edible.... though I'm giving the restaurant no points for the work we did.... a shame too, because we've visited before and the food was quite enjoyable.I went here based on Pittsburgh Magazine's Top 25 Restaurants.  Guess what?  Kaya is not in the top 25.  They are a bar with decent bar food.  Like Mad Mex.  Their "specialty dish" the Conch Fritters is battered conch fried to hell in trans fat.  Yummie!!!  I think I gained 5 pounds from that alone.  A better version of their fish tacos can be purchased for 50% less at the Penn Avenue Fish Company a few blocks away.Did you ever notice that all of Big Burrito's restaurants (aside from the Mad Mex chain) get in the Top 25 every year.  With Kaya being in it that makes me question the "purity" of the list.Im sorry to say that I did not have a great experience here.  I really wanted to like this place, I really did.  Perhaps it was what I ordered but all the plates around me looked amazing, mine well.... not so much.  I had fish tacos and asked them to be grilled instead of fried, perhaps that was the issue.  They were awful and the portion was paltry. I was NOT impressed and the cost was high for what I got.  However; I must say again that all the food around me looked really good.  I will try this place again and order something different and Re-Yelp.  Also the beautiful sunny day I was there, I sat outside and the service was horrible.  The tables were not cleaned off and I sat unnoticed for about 10 minutes.  With all the great reviews I am going to chalk my experience up to Kaya having a bad day or short staffed.  I am hoping my next visit garners 4 stars.Planned on lunch there after reading the great reviews.  We started with the black bean dip.  When I noticed it was microwaved, we quickly paid our tab and went elsewhere to eat.  This is a neat little place with a cool Jamaican atmosphere, but the really have to lose the microwave.  I can make microwave dinners at home.I have long heard about this place and when the opportunity to go there presented itself I was eager to go.First impression of the restaurant was the host (or manager even) who hurriedly told us it would be an hour and half wait for a table inside since we didn't have a reservation...  I was confused though because as I looked around the dining room it looked to be only about 40% occupied.We opted to be seated outside and our table was basically on top of Smallman St ...The menu looked exciting and we ordered sangria, so things looked on the up and up. But... when we started eating all of our food was sort of just "alright" and very one note.Don't know if I'll go back.Disappointing - service was very slow, the food was unexceptional.  I think we got the "B" team on Sunday.Carribean food... well if you say so.  Came here for lunch.  Decor looked like they tried really hard to make seem as if they didn't try hard on it.  Imagine Rainforest Cafe as a pre-teen who just realized his parents dressed him funny, so he goes to some random crap store and buys a pair of JNCO jeans to wear with his hawaiian print.  This is sort of what the inside of Kaya feels like.  It wants to be fancy and cool at the same time, but c'mon now... your bar stools look like they're wearing palm tree skirts.Food: Not good, but edible (lunch).  The paella was dry and looked more like fried rice.  Paella is supposed to be moist, absorbing all the juices of the seafood, white wine, spices that go into making it.  This was more akin to wok-fried rice with mussels and mexican rice mixed in.  The burger was also lacking, with a dried out (although sizable) patty with formless bread to hold the contents together.  For the lunch price point, not bad.  $20 got me a beer and an attempt at what could have been a good dish, tip included.  Would have paid more for a better dish, but won't be coming back for lunch again.I had high hopes for Kaya, as people seem to really like this place. On top of that, I've had some great Caribbean food in the past. Not here, however. If there are ever fish tacos on a menu, I order them. So I've had my fair share of tacos. The wait was long, and we began to wonder if they had forgotten about our orders. We were finally served. Even on a hungry stomach, I found the tacos to be tasteless. At $17, I was a bit shocked.None of us were very impressed with our dishes, or the waiter, who was neglectful and curt.There are some great restaurants in Pittsburgh, but Kaya isn't one of them.I hate to say this, I just can not recommend this place.  It's nothing wonderful and it is pricey.  Service is great but, for the price of food and drinks, there are SOOOOO many better places to try. The Jerk Chicken salad was OK, and the Paella was bland.   However; the bowl of strawberry/red pepper gazpacho was the best thing we ate today. Maybe its hit or miss here but, for me... it's been more MISS.

Had a very bad experience there took over an hour for my food and it was not busy

Food takes  too long to get to our table

The braids on the crown are awkwardly placed

Also, machines are always broken and take a while to get fixed.This place is a fast foodish style Greek spot where you order at the counter and they bring you your food.The restaurant itself is located on the very west end corner of the complex that houses the AMC Deer Valley 30 Movie Theater and was formerly a Souper Salad. Upon arrival, we immediately encountered a problem while walking up to the restaurant. Something outside smelled like sewer & it was very gross. This seemed to carry into the restaurant a little bit too. Despite this problem, we proceeded to order and try out the place.I ordered up the Vegetarian combo that comes with a greek salad, hummus, tiropita (cheese pie), falalfel and pita bread. My girlfriend ordered a chicken plate that came with thinly sliced chicken pieces, "greek" fries, rice and a salad. My meal was pretty decent, everything was just "ok". Nothing extraordinary or outstanding. My girlfriend didn't like the greek salad dressing, claiming that it tasted too "olivey". She also didn't like the rice, which was pretty plain and didn't taste like lemon whatsoever. The "greek" fries didn't seem very greek at all. They appeared to be non-house made fresh fries with a bit of seasoning on them. She said the chicken was OK.Mid-way through our meal, the Greek music CD that they were playing in the restaurant started skipping. Now we all know how annoying a skipping CD is. It's basically an ear-wrenching, headache inducing nightmare. Not a big problem if they would've fixed it right away, but they let this POS audio-bomb go for at least 10 minutes before fixing it. C'mon guys, get your act together.Sorry  Kids it's closed!!  Its soooo sad they were barely open ..In the Southpark Mall food court, Bistro 7 is one of a half-dozen vendors, which range from Showmars to Subway to Chik-Fil-A and a pizza place. Four of them offer the same exact thing - chopped up grilled chicken in sauce (usually Bourbon sauce) with vegetables and rice or lo-mein noodles, all for the low low price of $5.99 or so.Rather than one of these usuals, the Bistro 7 sandwich and side called to me to have something different. There are three or four different pre-made sandwiches in the display case as well as three or four different salads. Their "#1 special" is a sandwich and a salad. I chose the club sandwich (ham, turkey, cheese with lettuce and tomato), which was then grilled on a panini press and presented to me warmed up enough to melt the cheese, but not "hot" which probably would have wilted the lettice. I selected the fruit salad (over a chef salad and a greek-style salad and something mayo-heavy with pasta), which was a nice sized portion of watermelon, cantaloupe and honeydew, with an unfortunate amount of rind still attached. Aside from that complaint, it was fresh, cool and delicious.Would I have the same again? Sure. Would I go out of my way to stop here if I wasn't already near the mall? No.review on the pho dac biet - the broth was way too oily for me, other than that it was decent, they do put a lot of meat in the bowl which is a plus.Came out for the Pho challenge, props to everyone that tried to eat that BIG bowl of Pho. Dean and I had the lobster fried rice and oxtail pho. The fried rice was good and there was lobster... wasn't a lot of lobster and it didn't have lobster flavor. Maybe I was expecting more for a $20 fried rice. The oxtail pho came with plenty of oxtail which was cool, but I was really wanting the braised oxtail soup base. It came out with the regular pho broth. I asked the owner and she said that was the Vietnamese style of oxtail soup. I will need to come back and try something else one day and maybe it will be better. I know now, it's not going to be anytime soon, I am scared to see that big bowl again even if it wasn't me doing the challenge.During a trip to Sin City, the BF and I decided to try this place after reading the reviews on yelp about their pho challenge and all I have to say is that I give props to whoever finish that beast! We both ordered the large pho combination special thinking we would finish it b/c we were straving when we got there but sadly I didn't even finish 1/4 of my bowl; however, my BF did! Oh man the large bowl was HUGE! The broth was oily and fatty and at frist it's okay and went well with the meat and noodles but after eating it for awhile you kind of get tired and sick of it b/c it started to get heavy.  We also shared an order of their egg rolls and they're thinner than usually and wasn't all that great. Don't know if I'll go back to this place.Pho soup naziUsusally the more I go to a palce the more I like it. Not the case for this place. When I first came the veggies for your pho were always fresh and clean, went recently and both times the veggies were old. The soup: was clean and crisp in the past but had 2 seperate occasions were the soup tatse old or unbalanced flavors. The service: I know I said service doesnt matter for asian places but here is one of the few exceptions. The lady is annoying, first I just tried to just not talk to her since her comments are not funny or entertaining. Now I try not to make eye contact so she doesn't talk to me... lol Now I just dont go.thanks a lot cousin....tried this place cause cousin said it was good..like REALLY good and they had a segement on a food show (forgot which one)place is in a plaza and the restaurant is pretty cute, had all these lil notes on the wallOrdered tripe and steak pho and the soup is pretty good...NOT super bomb but it was definitely good for the moment since i havent had an asian meal for couple of days...the beef was a lil tough? tripe was good....the portion was a lil smaller than im used to, i had to eat some from the large bowl's order....This is the part that got me and makes me never wanna come back....there was a SMALL ass cockroach in one of the orders....and it wasnt there on top waiting to get noticed! it was drowned IN the noodle for quite some time....and i was eating from that bowl...i almost gagged!  Hey, im from chinatown and i know im used to seeing that but still!so we told the hostess/owner/whoever she was, and she looked like WOW...and she didnt apologized! she just looked at it and was like no and took our chopsticks to the kitchen....comes back! and said she doesnt know how it got there and that they were cleaned....lady, its fine....shit happens ok...but damn....dont give me this whole speech about its not impossible and blah blah....its ok! but the fact is i asked her if she could just comp the order or something, she didnt seem like she wanted to budge and she offers us $5 off....no offense,....$5 off? lady...there was a cockroach in the bowl for quite some time and you think $5 will suffice?! i seen better deals from 5 stars restaurant...and i know this restaurant has a reputation to uphold since it was on tv...never again...The Food Network sign fooled me too. $9 for 6 egg rolls. $7 the small sized bowl of pho. Am I at a Vietnamese place? The owner had a wry sense of humor, as evidenced by the signs on the wall. I appreciate her trying to joke around with us. That didn't make the pho taste any better. I couldn't smell any of the spices in the pho. It tasted like canned beef broth with meat and noodles. It wasn't mediocre pho; it was outright bland, tasteless pho. We were also overcharged by $10. The owner said she made a mistake and made some joke about being the only Asian to ever fail math. It seemed a little suspicious to me that she was able to write the correct sum of our charges, but when she added the $4 tax, it somehow became a $14 tax. I'll give her the benefit of doubt, but I'd scrutinize my receipt if I were you.Won't be returning.So so Pho and super unfriendly service.  Definitely better places to go in Vegas.WHAT THE PHO!I tried this place out months ago and I didnt think it deserved a review. The only reason why im doing this now is because I had a what I thought was a weird dream until I woke up and realized it was a nightmare!Bare with me. So here's my my Nightmare on Pho Street. Me and my wife just happen to be driving down Jones Blvd wondering what to eat for dinner. We see the sign that they were on the food network. Can't go wrong with that right? So we mosy on in and see that it is a nice sized restaurant. I see plenty of tables but only see one person eating soup by herself. Weird because it was around 6:30 dinner time. Out of nowhere this old crazy lookin lady sits us down. I look at the menu and wonder if the prices were in Vietnamese knowing that the US dollar has slipped a little bit. So im thinkin a small bowl of pho and a small bowl of oxtail soup wasnt gonna max out my credit card. All the while the old asian lady was throwing out suggestions like an announcer at a horse track only with a heavy asian accent. "You want try eggrolls?" No thanks. "How bout spring rolls?" No thanks. "You want order drink?" No thanks just water. "You wanna no soda?" Just water.So off she went to go submit our order. I don't know if she was mad or if it was normal because it sounded like she was having some sort of argument with what I assume was the cook. After about 8 minutes she brought out our food. My wife was in the bathroom at the time so I decided to to take the opportunity to photograph our food. All of a sudden the asian lady comes out of nowhere and says "What you doing? You should eat the soup right away. It's good hot!" I explained to her that I was about to take a picture and that I was waiting for my wife to come back. She just gave a "I don't understand confused look." The two stars are for the pho and oxtail soup. I thought it was tasty BUT that's the only positive thing. Since we both ordered small bowls, we weren't hungry any more but at the same time we could have eaten more. Kinda pricey for small bowls too. That and the "Hurry up and buy!" attitude of the old asian lady did not help either. Im not makin fun of her. All that I described was what actually happened.So I guess you can say she was Freddy Krueger and we were the hapless sleeping victims. I don't think I will be coming back. If you want good Pho place at decent prices and better service, I recommend Pho So 1. That's my go to Pho place.Since we had no other Vietnamese options to choose from close to us, we tried Pho87. Bad idea. I'll keep it short and simple.This place is filthy. It has taped down plastic over areas that were obviously used for buffets. The bathrooms aren't clean, and by looking at my general surroundings I could tell that this establishment needs some serious renovating.For a small bowl of Pho it's pretty expensive and the service was non-existent. We were really the only ones there and it didn't surprise me either. One good thing about this place is the broth is pretty flavorful on its own. You are better off going to Pho Saigon up the street.We went there for che before heading back to SoCal & it was a terrible mistake.  We got served days old che that had been sitting in the glass cabinet.  We gracefully paid for our orders and left the almost untouched che's on the table.Eat here once in your lifetime type of place.

The Owner could take a lesson from Teakwood on Ray in  Chandler for how service should be, Because Your food is pretty good.Hard to get someone to wait on you, sat at a table possibly 15, then finally asked someone waking past,do I go to the bar or how do I get service? The reply, yeah you can go to the bar,so as I am at the bar, they say, or I can take your order. No clear stations. No-one in a rush to serve you a drinks or food. The food was good. Not worth the money. Just unimpressed. I had to ask for the bill twice. So basically, not thinking I'd go back. The bar was not full enough to not be served or to have to wait 15 to 30 min per each request. The only selling point was a sweet man very friendly doing karaoke. He wanted me to stay more than the bar.My coworker and I been to this place before for lunch and the service wasn't that great but we decided to give it another try. Unfortunately, we made the wrong choice. When we walked in we were greeted right away by the staff and was told we could sit anywhere. We found a spot to sit near the bar and waited to be helped. The place was pretty empty and not that busy. We waited for someone to come and take our order but no one came to our table. After waiting 5 mins or so we notice all of the waitress standing at the end of the bar eating and talking. WTH!!!Since we only had a hour for our lunch and the staff didn't seem to concern in helping us we decided to leave and go somewhere else. As we were leaving they all said good bye and thanked us for coming in. We said nothing and walked out.

DO NOT stay here if you are planning any time in the hotel from 10am-5pm. Imagine my surprise when 10am rolls around and it sounds like there is a jackhammer drilling into my room and my walls are vibrating!!!!! There is construction going on right NEXT to Nobu hotel and it has an echo effect (aka amplification) throughout the entire Nobu hotel!!!! I don't know how long this is going to go on for, but take that into consideration before booking. I'm upset that 1. I called BEFORE booking online to inquire ab the hotel to see if it would be appropriate for a newborn and no one mentioned the construction. 2. There is no notice anywhere online that there is ongoing construction. 3. None of the staff mentioned the construction at check in.  --so yes, they were dishonest by omission. But what I'm most upset about is the covering up/lying that is going on at this hotel regarding the issue. At 10am (as I'm trying to put my newborn to sleep), I was shocked at the jackhammer noise. I called TWICE to guest services. I was LIED to TWICE. I asked specifically if there could possibly be construction going on. I was told "no." To which I replied, "something is going on bc it sounds like there is drilling, is there possibly ANY construction going on in any of ceasers? To which she replied, "yes, in the Juliet tower, but that's no where near Nobu hotel."  She sent security up, then engineering to "check out the noise issue"--all I have to say is WTF?!?!?!?  I called back after figuring out what was going on and the guest services manager confirmed that every employee should know that there is construction going on next to Nobu and that she would discuss the matter with her staff member who lied to me.  THEN I went downstairs and mentioned it to the nobu front desk who tried to convince me that I wasn't told bc I booked the stay before they knew about it (aka covering up) which was ANOTHER lie as I booked this the same night I stayed AND after commiserating with another guest, found out this was a daily occurrence. Nobu front desk also tried to tell me that the person I called may not have known, which is again untrue. No need to speculate when there's an elephant in the room. This employee wanted to comp me my resort fee and offer me comped late checkout. I kinda laughed at that and said, so my newborn and I can listen to the jackhammer all day and afternoon???? He then had to mention that they take a short "lunch break"--um, wtf!!?!? Finally when I complained at checkout, I guess I was so irate by that time trying to hightail it out with my newborn in tow that I was raising my voice as I complained at the desk, that the poor morning employee offered to get the manager. The manager then tried to compare this to his office also receiving said noise (um, sorry, but not the same thing) and then explained away that this was Caesars doing. I said, yes, but this is YOUR hotel and YOUR guests that are being affected!!! And you should consider that not only your guests but esp your employees (and yourself) could lose their hearing!  Are they training all employees to LIE/beat around the bush to try to mitigate the problem!?!?  The manager at least apologized and comped part of our stay. Sorry this is long. I am an irate momma bear!!!!Second time not a charm. They put us in a room right above the club and you can feel the music through the floors. Worst hotel planning ever! Why not put the gym in this location instead of rooms. They moved us but it was a smaller room with an odor. Think we're gonna be moving back to the Mandarin Oriental.This is my second stay in the Nobu tower. My first stay here was good. This time, however, it was, and still is a nightmare. I was booked under a diamond folio credit and a spa/dining credit. Upon arrival I asked if all of my offers appeared on my account. After going to the total rewards desk to ask where I can use my spa/dining credit, I was told that I did not have that offer on my registration. I waited in the line for 30 minutes only to have to go back to the front desk. The front desk said that there wasn't a spa/dining offer on my room. Finally, an onsite host contacted me to resolve the issue. He told me it would be taken care of and I would receive a confirmation call from him, which I did. I returned to the front desk to confirm and then waited in the total rewards line for another 30 minutes. The TR desk said they still didn't see it so I went to see the onsite host. He told me that I should just charge the bill to the room and it would be taken care of upon checkout. When I checked out this morning there was still an outstanding balance on my account. The front desk said that they would contact the host to get it resolved. Here it is 12 hours and 3 phone calls after checking out and I still have not received an email of my folio showing a $0 balance. On top of this, when I went to Ruth's Chris to use my dining credit, the restaurant told me I didn't have a CC on file on my hotel. First of all, I have a CC on file on my TR account for making reservations. Second of all, when you check into a hotel you ALWAYS have to swipe a CC to keep on file for any room charged, incidentals, etc. Very disappointed with this experience and even contemplating switching rewards program to a new hotel.We thought we had found the company to service our pool but unfortunately we haven't.  I called New Living Pools to look at a few issues with our pool (a leak/problem with pump not shutting off with timer/pool cleaning system).  Chris came out on 28 Apr 2016 and was able to fix the cleaning system (pop ups) problem on the spot.  He identified the other issues but needed to return to fix those because he did not have parts with him.  He said he wouldn't be able to get to it until the following Monday (2 May). I agreed.  It is now 9 May 2016 and I have not heard one word from New Living Pools since 28 Apr. I don't know if I was forgotten or if he just doesn't need my business. Either way this is not the way to operate a professional business.If you're buying, you can find plenty of decent deals. However, I wouldn't bother with trying to sell in any children's consignment store. I can bring in boxes of like-new items, and they will consistently only purchase five or six items. You spend an hour organizing and getting the stuff in the car, driving it down there, and then waiting two hours for them to decide what to buy before you drive back again. Not worth the hassle, folks. Put it all on Craigslist and be done with it.This place seems to be a chain restaurant masquerading as fine dining. Upon entering I was faced with five Maitre d's. At first I was not sure if they were a group of young ladies waiting for the remainder of their party or what. They were all dressed differently and none were wearing name tags. As I was seated, I passed a podium with two more ladies who were assigning tables, so I'm thinking "how many people work here?" The table, chairs, flatwear, etc were clean, but I was again faced with butcher paper on the tables. This just screams laziness. There is an open window divding the bar and dining room, which gives the place a very open large feeling. The downfall in their decor is the fake plants. Dusty dirty and cheap looking.There do have a brigaide style kitchen, but its recessed into somewhat of a nook in the back.Service was fast and pleasant. I was excited to see that the chef was in the dining room speaking with guests, until I realized that the entire wait staff were wearing chefs jackets. This may be their theme, but its offensive to real chefs, and suffice to say, quite silly. I also noticed the wait staff hanging out by the POS (cash register) towards the back of the restaurant, chatting when they should be attending to guests.THE FOOD: I ordered an appetizer which was written as tuna sashimi. What I received was seared tuna crusted in sesame seeds. That dish was decently executed and tasted great, but it was not what I planned on.Main course was Chilean sea bass. It was a bit soggy and really nothing interesting. The only saving grace was the chimichurri, which could have been served just as well on toast.I would give this place two stars at most.Service was horrible. We were not ready to order the first time we were asked, but about 25 minutes later we sure were. Appetizers were good. I should have known better than to order steak from a fish place, but I did it anyway. Medium rare at this place has almost no pink left in the center. My buddy sent his back, I won't do that. My second beer didn't look or taste anything like the first one. If you don't remember just ask me. I'll tell you what kind of beer I ordered. I might try again, but if I got the same waitress I'd run.The real downside to the restaurant was the atmosphere, we joked that it was like eating in the middle of the freeway, we were seated close to the restroom, there were service people running up and down the aisles and one of them dropped a pitcher of water that splashed everywhere then they cleaned it with bar towels (I guess they did not have a mop). The food was okay, I loved the Bang Bang Shrimp but the crab cakes were almost too salty to eat. The bread was good but the seasoning mixture for the dipping oil was not to my liking. I will not return. The folks at the next table ordered a tilapia and were served trout and it seemed like the server was trying to convince them that they were mistaken. We were aware of all of this because the server was an inch from our table while the conversation was going on. It was loud, cramped and the food was not worth trying again.I have been here twice now with two very different experiences. The first.. Amazing - 5 stars

The space is small. They have cheap drinks. The bartenders are a little slow and seem frazzled.So I bought a beer one night and there's a 10 dollar minimum, so he said I have to open you a tab. I said "okay", not knowing what was to come. I should've just closed out, but my boyfriend was in the loo and he was going to get another beer more than likely so I went with it.Come to find out, the next day I noticed a large charge on my account that I didn't purchase. I call FreeZone to see what's going on and they explain that it's standard procedure to put a hold on each tab.  No one told me this and I find it odd to do this without sharing it with the patrons first.I'm waiting for the charge to fall off. This was on Saturday night and Tuesday and Wednesday pass and it's still there. I call again and make a claim with my bank. Nothing .... then Thursday and now Friday. It fell off this morning. Lol. 5 business days later. I have never experienced that. So needless to say I won't be EVER opening a tab here again. I'll make it very inconvenient and make the bartenders close out each time I buy one beer. So silly. Or do the beer bust and save yourself the headache. Until the next morning that is.And the patrons that sit there and watch the drag queens .perform... Tip them a dollar you cheap asses. If you're broke stay home. They don't charge a cover at the door. So what's the deal??  It's a dollar. Most of you spend more than that daily on coffee at Starbucks. It's rude and inconsiderate. That take hours and hours picking out clothes from goodwill, then 2-3 hours putting their makeup on, then about a minute pulling their dusty wig out of a bag to put it on to complete the look. Then they haphazardly dance around on their 2-3 inch heels like a monkey trying to entertain you. Put yourself in their biscuits ... Would you work that hard and be okay with not getting paid?  They want to make it rain hunty!!!! So get with the program so they can save that and buy better wigs and shoes!  Seriously!!!  Tip!!!The bar is cool but the bouncer needs to chill out. Being confrontational about parking only scares paying customers away, this is called the fruit loop so people can bar hop the loop. Don't chase away people who are gonna check out the other bars before coming to yours.The liquor bust is a great deal but the deal breaker is there bartender JASON.  He is very rude, not friendly and an asshole.  I will not spend another penny in this establishment until that guy is no longer working there.I've been here twice. Bartenders are friendly although there wasn't much interaction other than just ordering drinks. I had odd hours at work so came in the early afternoons when I was off and It was dead, so I at least expected some type of conversation. The second time the owner was around and didn't even acknowledge me, say hi or anything. He actually had the bartender doing other things and was quizzing him on the prices of various drinks and shots instead of letting the bartender do his job. Bad move on the owner.My wife and I came in around midnight 1am. It started off fine. Her and I had a few drinks (I was drinking wine and she was drinking beer) after we had sat down the shot girl sat with us asking if we wanted a shot. So we had 3 (we bought her 1) we were having a good time enjoying the bar. it got to a point where the shot girl knew I was drunk and my wife told her no more for me, and told me to not start a tab where the girl could hear her. and she went to the rest room. The shot girl kept hustling me out of shots knowing I was overly intoxicated, and took my card to start a tab. Then her and some bartender girl came over to hit on my wife with me sitting right there. And told my wife I didn't care when in reality I was to drunk to know what was going on. The only helpful person was the bouncer at the door when my wife was carrying me out because the guys in there were taking badly about us. This is not a place I will come back to. The people who work there need to re take their alcohol awareness classes. They don't cut people off like they should. They keep handing them shots.After reading all the great reviews, I was disappointed by FreeZone. I went on a Thursday night around midnight. The place was dead (no more than 30 people) total. The DJ was mostly playing little known hip hop. The place was too divey for my taste. We left after about 45 minutes and headed over to Piranha.On the bright side, there's no cover (i would have been annoyed if i had had to pay a cover for the experience we got), the bartender was nice enough, easy to get a drink ($10 liquor bust), and there was a nice shot boy. Unfortunately, I won't be back. We had a blast at Piranha across the street though.Discount Tire on Maryland Pkwy. have a good product idea but horrible service.  I visited this store on Sept. 15, 2012 and they told me they don't have my tire in stock but if I wanted to go pick it up from the warehouse they would do change it for me. I found this to be unreliable and horrible service.  Who would say that to a customer that has bought over $1,000 in product from them.  They said "If I want to wait till Sept. 17, 2012 they will do it for me and it would take about 10 minutes."  So I agreed because I didn't mind waiting two more days of riding around with my spare tire. I came back for my reservation at 8 a.m and they still didnt get my tire from the warehouse.  I rescheduled for the last time and they finally got my tire and attempted to charge me for renewing my tire warranty.  This time I told them I don't want one because I will just buy my tires from someone who actually will provide quality customer service.I'm a fan of the 99 Cents Only chain. This location is not necessarily one that I'd return to.Pros: the entire parking lot slopes into the entrance so you can wheel the cart to and from the store at any angle. They had 3 or 4 cashiers going, so lines went quickly. Also found some damn large Rubbermaid containers in sets of 2. They were 5.2 cups each I believe.Cons: no bathrooms. Only store I've ever seen that has "permanently closed" the bathrooms to customers. Also was lacking in inventory, specifically the Brown and Serve sausages and the roach poison pellets that we were expressly searching for. We had to go to the store on Tropicana to get these items.Shape up, guys.Long lines no restroom. Poor service. Decent selection of goods.  Hard access to get back to strip2 1/2 stars. This was my first time staying at Embassy Suites, visiting Vegas spontaneously & on the budget...

Now, if you order salad with your meal, you get a saucer-sized plate with a handful of lettuce, a bit of red cabbage, some shaved carrot and a couple of tomato wedges.  There isn't even any dressing on it.  That excellent salad bar was, for me, what set Rania's apart from every other kabob house in the area.

-environment was okay.. a lot of advertising/hectic (3 stars)

The chips and salsa were good. The softdrinks are big and you get refills which is good since they are $2.35 each!But looking at the other plates with mexican food it looked good and smelled wonderful! The staff was reasonaly nice.  They have a small bar but the special drinks are HIGH at $7 & $8!It was a pricey lunch with tip I spent $14. Still I might try a mexican meal one day because it smells so good!I have been to this place a few times because friends were already there and talked me into meeting them there. I have never really thought much of the food but it was not bad enough to write a review about. How bad can you mess up mexican food? But recently I dined at Julio G's and the experience was enough to inspire me to share.  First of all the decor has always bothered me there.  Pink Neon reminds me of some 50's diner.   I always expect to see a Milk Shake on the Menu when I sit down.  Also on this must recent visit I had really poor service. It was only slightly busy but it took an inordinate about of time to get a simple combo dish out.  They thing that stuck me most about Julio G's was how expensive it was.  Nothing on the menu was less then $11 for a combo dish.  Actually I think a 2 item combo was like $10.95 and a 3 Item was like $11.95.  Man, $12 bucks for some marginal Mexican Food? I realize prices have gone up on food and produce.  I am sort of expecting to see some price increases across the board at some of my favorite spots.  But this was what I consider to be way out of line with the quality of food, service and overall dining experience.As others have pointed out, the salsa is terrible.  I got creative and utilized my inner chef using ingredients available at the table, such as salt, lime wedges, and different types of salsa they brought me.  Despite my trying to "improve" the salsa, I failed.  I don't think there was anything that could make that quasi pizza sauce better.Because I was then so desperate for decent salsa, I was conned into thinking I could order the "diablo" salsa which would be an upgrade, and it wasn't.  I felt disgusted with myself for eating over 1,500 calories, especially on such bad mexican food.  For what it's worth though, my girlfriend's tijuana tacos were decent, but not great.It's also expensive for the crummy food (think Chevy's), and like others have pointed out, you feel like you're at Cafe 50's minus the blue plate special.  The lighting was tres obnoxious.  One flauta for over $5?  C'mon.Never again.  You'll be more satsified at Filibertos.This must be the place that seasonings forgot...

Second visit:

- No table/chairs, just two (hard, uncomfortable) beds covered in dated, cheap bedspreads.- No touted "Las Vegas guide" anywhere to be found.

Kids menu - Mac & Cheese - great dish for kids, cheese was nice and creamy

From the way she put the toppings on my nachos to the way she wrapped my husbands burrito, all was very sloppy.

-walk your crepe over to a table and enjoy, or not...just like arwen, i LOVE crepes. my friend and i used to take late night trips to Q-Cup in Milpitas for a delectable crepe and boba. my most favorite crepe is a strawberry and banana crepe. i LOVE fruit and i LOVE it in a nice flat pancake! at La Creperie the fruit is either frozen or canned. whatever it is, it's not fresh and overly sweetened, you can taste the preservative...i will say they give a generous serving of fruit, but i ended up throwing half of it away. it is not worth $10 and i have enjoyed yummier crepes at chain tapioca places?!?! come on paris hotel! i will not be going back...When you dine at a crepe place in a hotel that puts "Le" in front of everything in order to seem more Parisian, you don't expect much for a reason. (if you can't tell, I'm not a huge fan of the Paris Hotel. In a city full of cheesy theme-park hotels and casinos, this is probably one of the cheesiest)Needless to say, Le Creperie met my expectations: overpriced food for sub-par quality.Not impressed.  My out-of-town friend and I were strolling in the Paris hotel when we got an urge for crpes....saw La Creperie and decided to check it out.  First, we were the only ones ordering crpes.  No excuses for poor or slow service, right?  Second, le monsieur at the window must have been having an off day because he didn't smile at all.  I have heard from reputable sources that French ppl are not the most gregarious of folk, but sheesh.  Would it kill ya to smile?  Third, our Napolean (lemon curd/berry) crpes needed more curd.  There was only a teaspoon or so of the curd which translates to too many naked, dry crpe bites.  Perhaps I should try the savoury crpes to compare? Our crpes took longer than I thought to make, given the fact that there was no one else ordering anything.  Will I return?  Probably not.  Hlas.  Le sigh.I used to LOVE this place a couple years ago. My friend wanted to try it & I was down, considering I really enjoyed their crepes. Ordered the Nutella crepe w/ banana (extra $2.00). It was good, but not as good as I remembered. Maybe not worth my $10 anymore, which totally sucks. It didn't seem like there was a whole banana in there either, ugh. Not sure if I'll be back here again. It kinda lost its edge in my book. I'd rather use my $10 somewhere else.I'm sorry to say I dont like anything about La Creperie. Sadly, it la sucks.The Soleil crepe in particular sucks, the ratatouille was disgusting. I dont use disgusting lightly (not about food anyway) but it was really really bad. It tasted like old tomatoes that had been marinated overnight in a weird sauce that I dont understand. Once I got all that off my crepe, it was edible but certainly not enjoyable.The Forestiere  crepe was good, but not amazing. I've had much better crepes in Seattle... Disappointed.I dont like the counter you order at, nor the way the people behind the counter wont make eye contact. I got coffee there once too and it was burned. I like the Paris, but this wasnt a good representation of their quality.Ew. I am just judging one crepe (the vegetarian mushroom one with bchamel) but it was really, really bad. Not worth the line!I'm a fan of crepes, so my husband and I tried La Creperie in the Paris hotel. We arrived mid-morning on a weekday, so the line was short and sufficient seating was available. However, I can see how the seating area would fill up quickly on a weekend.La Creperie has both sweet and savory crepes, though not a large selection of either type. All crepes are $9.99 each plus tax. We ordered the "Favorite Crepe", which has blueberries, strawberries and raspberries in a raspberry coulis, and the "Bananas Foster Crepe", which has bananas sauteed in dark rum. The crepes were served on a fairly flimsy plate, which was okay, but the plastic knife and forks were ridiculously small (the cheapest you can find, you know the ones I'm talking about). I'm okay with disposable utensils, but the ones at almost any fast food restaurant are better. Each crepe came with a generous scoop of whipped cream. I tasted both flavors, and they were both okay, but not great. Also, the crepes got cold rather quickly.I might try this place again if someone recommended a better flavor and I brought my own fork.My second worst crepe experience ever!I ordered a cheese and prosciutto crepe. The crepe was almost thick as a pancake and really doughy. I like doughy crepes but they should be much thinner. It was also not very hot. The prosciutto was too thick and it was kind of too strong in flavor. Worst of all are the flimsy forks they give you. I had a hell of a time trying to cut the prosciutto.My BF ordered a decent veggie crepe. Mushroom and spinach I think. This crepe was also doughy and thick. If it were not for this decent crepe I would give this place one star.The coffee here is awful. I will never return.Parking is a breeze usually and it's free. It's in the Paris parking structure.When we got here it was not too busy but when we passed by later on it was really packed. I really wonder why....The only cool thing here is checking out the stereotypical Parisian outfits the employees have to wear haha!I ordered the St. Louis (ham, cheese, and basil) savory crepe.  Unfortunately, I wasn't impressed.  My crepe was too thick and the ham was all where the fold of the crepe was.  There wasn't a lot of ham either, and it tasted like supermarket deli ham.  Maybe their sweet crepes are better.They say it's the same, but it's not the same.Maybe because it was my first time and you always remember your first, but this was only passable. I mean, it was still a okay crepe, but not how I remember it. I obviously got the D'Anjou again. The time before, it was filled with an almond cream that was like marzipan. This time, I think it was a runny vanilla sauce without any hint of almond. The pears were the same, the chantilly cream was the same, the caramel was the same... but where is my marzipan??? Sigh. I say "Meh. I've experienced better" but it was them... I swear they gave me better before.I bought the Toulouse crepe, which reminded of a pizza before eating. The crepe looked delicious and was freshly made. The Fresh basil on top was a nice touch  The mariana sauce was cold when they put it on top of the crepe so it ruined the entire dish. :( This also made the cheese clump together faster, making it more dissatisfying by the bite. It had so much potential!!! I'm disappointed.The crepe is thick and doughy and there is not much content inside. My chicken was cold. Prices are raised from what used to be $9.99 to ~$14. This is not a sit down restaurant but more like a cafeteria of tables, and you order and pick up your food at the counter.From what I remember, the dessert crepes are more edible than the savory ones.Makes me so sad because nothing makes me happier than some perfect, delicious crepes...this place does not cut it :-(Still it's one of the more fast and affordable eats in Vegas, and is easy to find inside of Paris.This used to be one of my go-to places when I came to Vegas. I had been eating crepes here as far back as 2003.I would have definitely given 5 Stars. Unfortunately they changed their menu within the last year or two. (Last time I was here was 05/2013) They no longer have the Fruits de Mer (savoury seafood,mozzarella/ mushroom crepe w/ bechamel sauce). It has been replaced with a subpar shrimp scampi crepe. They also replaced their pear/walnut/almond/Chantilly cream crepe with a pear/hazlenut/maple syrup/golden raisin crepe. Also subpar....the flavors just don't go together as well as the former. The raisins are very overpowering. Not to mention the size of the crepes has shrank significantly as well, while the price has increased. :( I guess the consolation is that it is still entertaining to watch the crepe being made. :/There used to always be a super long line, no matter what time of day. Last couple times I came during lunch (11-2ish), and there was only me and one or two other people. I sadly will probably never come back....unless they bring back the Fruits de Mer! That was the best crepe I have ever eaten! ^__^Always the optimist, I will pass by next time and glance at the menu, fingers crossed hoping that they bring back the old menu...When we came the first time we were told we would have to wait 30 min so we left. However, when we passed by 10 min later the place seemed to be working again.We ordered 2 crepes. One was barely warm, the other was cold inside so we had to ask to make it again. To make things worse, the supposedly vegetarian tomato mozzarella crepe had pieces of ham in it!If you want a crepe, do yourself a favor and go to Jean Philippe Patisserie in Bellagio just across the road - it's INFINITELY better!Was not super impressed. My favorite thing in the whole world is a delicious crpe. I just love them. My husband and I made it a point to stop in and have a delicious crpe while visiting in Las Vegas. I don't know if that was this particular day or what it was but they were very expensive and definitely not worth the trouble we had to go through to have a HARD yet enormously chewy gummy unsatisfying crpe with berries and whipped cream. I have to say the berries were better than the crpe for sure. So if you want a handful of delicious berries you can find them here just exclude the crpe :(Mmm 2.5 to 3 stars.Had rhubarb mascarpone crepe - nothing was terribly wrong but nothing was better than average either.Not great. Long lines, slow service and crpes that essentially all have the same lemon filling (unless they got our orders completely wrong). Cheap by Vegas standards, but you get what you pay for.Crepes are delicious, but a little pricey - what you would expect on the Strip.However, the dining room is poorly maintained.  It is usually not clean, and most of the chairs are broken - many are mismatched extra banquet chairs.Both times I have dined here recently, they have gotten my order wrong.  One time, they forgot one of the crepes, and were rather rude when we brought this to their attention.  The next time, they tried to charge us for two crepes even though we only ordered one.  Not sure why the staff here has such a difficult time taking orders properly.My biggest complaint is that they charge for water.  I find it to be unacceptable service when I pay for food and tap water is not available free of charge.  Furthermore, if you are going to charge me for a cup, it would have been nice to give me a full size cup, rather than a very small one, which I had to refill multiple times.  I asked if I could have the larger cup instead, and the answer was a firm no.  I understand that they want it to be plastic, so that it is see-through, and more difficult to steal a drink other than water, but make it a bigger size.  This kind of nickel and diming is no way to treat paying customers and says a lot about why Caesars, which owns the Paris, is $25B in debt and nearing bankruptcy.Crepes.... What's not to like / love about em?? The GOOD : The Nutella crepe was yummy & worthy of 4-4.5 stars. Only reason why this review is getting 2 stars overall.The BAD : The Ham n Cheese & Roasted Chicken crepe were nothing great & simply in the edible category. The UGLY : They want $1 for 2 empty water glasses. WTF ? I didn't ask for bottled water. Just a couple of glasses to drink your tap water. Sorry sir - glass you pay for but water is free.The END : I was carrying an empty tall glass which was once filled with Margarita. I went to the soda machine - stuffed my glass in there & drank a tall glass of FREE WATER.If you own this place & are reading my review - STOP being cheapskates. You are virtually violating us with the prices - atleast give us a glass for water.The crepes are open late which is nice for a midnight snack... but they were not as good as I was anticipating. We walked quite a bit for these little treats. My baby mama can make them better (and she uses the pre-made crepes)The crepes are served luke warm at best. They make the crepes "fresh" but they are not hot cooked to order. Instead they batch cook the crepes...stack them so they are cooling off. You order your special crepe and they assemble it. All ingredants are cold or precooked. They throw them in the premade cold crepe and kinda warm it on the griddle but not reallllly.The food quality was pretty poor. Prime rib was under-cooked, pork was hard as a rock, all potatoes except the mashed kind were not enjoyable. Service was good, that's the only bright spot. Won't be coming here again. There are better options for $33 per person.We were disappointed with our crepes. The crepes came out like super soft pancakes. They did not have the texture of a crepe at all. The service was super slow. Tables we dirty.If you just want to been seen and not really have any fun then this is the club for you. The setting is novel for a few minutes, till you realize to enjoy it you have to be outside in the Vegas weather, and inside the music is too loud to function for a spot without any real dancing. The wait is extensive (if you aren't on the VIP list) and once you're inside the drinks are overpriced and the posers are annoying. PS even though the store says forever 21, there really is a limit to how old you can be to pull off those clothes.If it weren't in the Palms, it might be better.  As it stands, it's quite a trek for a bar with a view of Vegas.But hey, if you feel like waiting in a 2-hour line before you drink, the Ghost Bar is a good place to start.Like dancing in a closet.  If you have a damaged ear drum it might be a good idea, but for the rest of us it is just absurd.  Go to Voo Doo. Better drinks, better atmosphere and better view.  Plus you can move your arms without hitting 6 people.So the bouncers were giving one of the guys a hard time about his shoes. I know it's Vegas and I know that dress code is subjective, but give me a break. The Ghostbar may have reached its prime and may very well be on its way downhill... so if I were them, I wouldn't be so quick to turn away paying customers. By the way, no one else was lined up to get in there on a Friday night. Eh, in hindsight, I'm glad we went somewhere else.Put this Ultra Lounge on a main floor anywhere else and it's just another Ultra Lounge. What is has going for it, what gives it its cachet, are the floor to ceiling glass windows and patio which give spectacular views of Las Vegas inside and out. I am pissed about this place (and gave only two instead of three stars) because the bartender shorted me on my drink at those prices! One reason a line forms is because it's a small space.Go to the Playboy Club or Moon for the same views (Moon's upper balcony is unobstructed by glass) and more tastier, more potent drinks! On the happening scale the Playboy Club has taken over. We left Ghost Bar at 9:30pm on a Sunday where there were probably 15 people and went to Playboy where there were three times as many people. Clearly Playboy is now the place to be. An hour later the place filled up and we went upstairs to Moon.2 stars for the view and that's about all I liked of The Ghost Bar. My sis, dtr., and I went here having heard so much about it. Overpriced drinks that weren't very good (2 limes out of 10 for the margarita),the bartendress was like a stepford wife with no personality, and the bouncers were like cloned robots. Pretentious? Yes. We went in April and it was still chilly up there all those stories up but the view is really great. It's just not a fun bar. It's a bar to say you've been to and that's that. We had more fun at one of the bars inside the Palms Casino than we did in the Ghostbar. It's not a bar I'd ever return to.The booze is too expensive.It gets waay too cramped and old too quickThe funny part of the ghost bar is drunk people trying to break the glass floor..the view from this lounge is the only thing that really makes it stand out against all the rest. i've only been there once, and that was enough for me. i wasn't hip enough to get on the guest list, nor was i hip enough to get bottle service back then. so we ended up waiting in line forever just to get in. then the music in my opinion was just ok; but i was even more disappointed because no one was really dancing. i go to vegas clubs and lounges to shake my ass, and that certainly didn't happen that night. i can say i've been to the ghost bar, and easily say i won't go back.I know Ghostbar was hotter than a fire poker back in the day when the Maloof clan first opened The Palms. I also knew it had cooled off a bit in recent years; but when a bunch of Vegas kids reassured me that a Ghostbar resurgence was in full effect, I figured it needed to be my first stop on the Vegas train. I happen to disagree... this place was a mess. I think we must have been there on Rockabilly Transvestite night. It was half empty and the other half was definitely just not my type of crowd. The music was sucky and the place just reeked of glory days past... The view is phenomenal, the 2 x 2 glass bottom floor is over-rated, and you can get your panorama on next door at Moon in the Fantasy Tower where you'll bump and grind the night away actually looking as cool as you feel.I'm thinking the Palms club scene isn't what it used to be.  Ghost Bar was kind of tragic.  1/2 empty, tiny and depressing.  Maybe it was because it was Sunday, but still...+1 star for the absolutely amazing view!UGH. snore. i felt like i was in someone's poorly post-modern decorated living room. really nothing to see here. crowd is blah and there was NO LINE at all, not even guys. bad sign. the palms needs to reevaluate their clubs/lounges/bars because at this point the competition has way too much on them.Not that good, too many packs of girls running around being silly. No way to really enjoy. The view of Moon was cool, LOLWhats the hype all about?! I can find you a loungey modern club like this in any North American city with a population over 100K. Ooohhh what a view....if you want a great view pay for the small upgrade to a higher floor in your hotel. Great club if it were in any other city but I expect more in Vegas.Maybe it was because the Pacman/Cotto fight was in town, but the night I visited the Ghost Bar I was half expecting a rap star to get shot in here with the questionable clientle that seemed to be attracted to this place - or maybe MS-13 decided to throw a baby shower for one of their vatos' baby mamas, who knows. Or that every white trash broad that had run out of veins to shoot up in decided to put on her Sunday best and go out with a real bang.  Or the dudes that think they are Kanye West - what's up w/the sunglasses?  - out on the prowl. Or was it that a very BAD prom was having their after party here - the colors, children, the colors!The only thing worth reporting about this place is the spectacular view, but even with that, I wouldn't recommend coming here.  Too many hookers - different from the hookers at Caesar's and Mandalay Bay that look like Tube8 superstars, but more like sleazy, Crack Whore magazine types, one step away from OD'ing in the gutter by the In-N-Out on Tropicana after dark.  We had a million laughs in here, sitting at the bar, looking at all the "talent" come stumbling through - the dudes in here looked like typical Jersey/Staten Island douchebags, pouted lips, blowouts, etc.  Pimps galore, and drug pushers, so obvious, they should have set up information booths (you can spot them a mile away).  I never saw so many drunk girls in my life, and I mean drunk as in begging to be gang raped and appearing on Oprah w/their church-going mama from Nebaska saying, " I didn't deserve this! I can't believe this happened to ME!"  This is NOT the uber-fabulous place the REAL WORLD tried making this into - maybe it was, but for like five minutes.  It's definitely OVER now, kids.I stayed at the palms for my birthday and as part of a package got all access line passes to all of the palms clubs... Of all the clubs in the palms this one was not memorable at all. I recall walking in and pretty much walking out. The crowd was decent sized and the music seemed pretty cool but it just seemed like a freshly 21 scene (which is fine if that's what your looking for)...only I was not.Probably will not go back...What... this is Ghost Bar?  Cmon.... from all the things I've heard about Ghost Bar (sexy, large, great music, awesome-ly decorated) I was expecting something really sexy and awesome... stayed for less than 10 minutes and got bored.  Great view, though...I blame XS... nothing can compare anymore.. !!Okay, so we probably experienced this club on the WRONG night, but I'm reviewing my experience, K?  My and my man went here on a Thursday night, simply cuz we had an all access pass to the clubs at Palms and wanted to see what it was about.  We had already been to Playboy and Moon.  Well, we didn't stay long. I guess we went there on "rock" night or something, cuz that was all that was playing. ZERO dancable music. The crowd was just standing around, and the poor gogo dancers looked like they weren't sure what to do. Anyway, the crowd was not mixed at all, and my man felt a little uncomfortable so we got out fast.  Sure the view is great, but we got the same at Moon. Yes, the decor is futuristic, but really....I go to a club for a good time. All that really matters is the music and the crowd. It sure wasn't here.The cowd was ehh. The outside area was nice. Only one square that will let you see the bottom. They really hyped up this bar on The Real World. I expected more but it was cool.I think im done with Ghost Bar. This use to be my chill spot to take out of town visitors to impress them with the view, atmosphere and the mild party vibe. This last Friday i made list arrangements with a NEW promoter with the N9NE Group which i think is what F'ed me. My regular girl has been MIA for a while and so i needed to act fast and find somebody so i settled for this. Just myself with 3 girls on the list should not have been a problem. Had to do something new this time and check in at LA Tan in the palms (that was weird #1) as i never did this and was given a ticket that looked like i was going to see Shrek at the movies. Did the usual and got to the rope to find the Clipboard Master to drop a name and was told that these dumb ass tickets i got from La Tan still made me wait in line (weird #2) as why make previous arrangements to stand in line? So since im anti Disneyland lines i gave security a $50 shake and got passed that hurdle. Then when i got to the register... guess what i had to pay $25 to get in (weird #3). Im sorry but this has never happened in the past when dealing with the promoters ahead of time and making sure i kept their guy girl ratios in mind and favorable toward the girls obviously. So $75 bucks later im in Ghost Bar...and a little annoyed.First round of drinks i worked toward the outside bar to the left only to find out that they dont have Seagram's 7 for my 7&7... say WUT! Really? Your gonna charge me $15 for a drink and you cant even carry the basic essentials behind your bar... fine ill take a Maker's Mark and coke which was made horribly as i like to enjoy my drinks and this was WAY too strong. The second round was bought at the main bar where they had everything and made alright but the wait was retarded, as it would be way more efficient if they stocked the outdoor bars properly.Beside the negatives Ghost Bar still obviously remains to be a great view of the city with a decent DJ at times and an overall decent feel. But could be improved upon quite a bit to make the place worth spending the $15/ drink prices a more enjoyable experience. This was my last run to Ghost Bar since the issues at the door were slightly embarrassing and honestly ridiculous, i dont know if i have N9NE Group to thank for that or the actual bar/club but either way ill spend my money elsewhere where the service is more appreciative. I think Ghost Bar needs to take a step back and improve upon a few things but doubtful that will happen.There are signs up that say something to the effect of "This is a lounge, no dancing allowed". I don't even like dancing but this rubs me the wrong way. If you don't buy a table you're stuck standing in this cramped loud small "club" where you can't dance. Drinks are pricey and not well made. The view does rock, but try Voodoo lounge or Mix instead for awesome views and less B/S.Only thing they got is the view and you are paying $40 to see it. lol* NOT recommendedWe went to the Ghost Bar the Saturday before Halloween.  Like many clubs that night it was $50 at the door and the line was 2 hours long but that does raise one's expectations.  Around 1AM we finally got in to find it wasn't really that crowded inside although it was definitely not dead.The only way you would know it was Halloween was one hanging ghoul figure, there was no other decor or excessive Thriller plays be the DJ.  About half the people were in costume with some being pretty impressive.  The club space was not very large but did have a large deck with a decent view, not stellar.  Bartenders were attentive and plentiful but at $8/beer I made few trips to the bar.Overall I was underwhelmed.We went for their Halloween party on Saturday 10/30.  Like many clubs it was $50 each, the line was 2 hours long and beers were $8. Inside there was one ghost hung up and no further decorations. The men's room had one broken toilet all night but drunks continued to use it flooding the floor with peepee.  The music was average, crowd was fun but only about half were in costumes and one fight did break out.  The club itself is not memorable.i went on 12/30/2010

Food is all "a la carte".

-The wait staff just kind of ran around like (well-intentioned) chickens with their heads cut off. Lots of panic, not much action.

Also the pricing is outrageous...this was not a good experienceI have waited two weeks after eating at Martorano's to write this review, in order to take some of the emotion out of my review.  I left there disappointed, because I like Paris Las Vegas so much.  But if you're looking for Italian in Las Vegas, you can do so much better.It was fairly simple to get a reservation the same day.  People on walk-up at 8PM were told about a 45-minute wait which, on a holiday weekend in Vegas, still seemed reasonable.  Greeter staff was nice.  Our server was polite, but was very busy in another part of the restaurant.  We waited almost 10 minutes after ordering drinks to get them, and it was only because our assistant waiter (the busboy) saw us looking around, and was alert enough to ask if there was a problem.Martorano's boasts about their meatballs.  The meatballs get lots of hype.  And the meatball appetizer is OK, but not life-changing.  If you've ever eaten in Little Italy in any city, or at a decent Italian restaurant anywhere that makes its own meatballs as opposed to using those from their foodservice, you'll think the same.  The presentation is nice, but for $20, I expected more from a meatball.  The food was very good.  Please don't mistake the tone of my review, accentuated by what happened when ordering, for putting down their food.  It's pricey, but it's The Strip.  I had Veal Parmigiana which came with NOTHING for $42. My problem came when I tried to order a side dish.  I wanted a side of pasta, but too much tomato is a very bad thing for me, and I was already having it in the veal. The waiter knew this, because I asked for very light sauce with the veal.    I asked if they could do the pasta with just butter or oil and garlic - very simple, staple ingredients in any restaurant kitchen, let alone an Italian kitchen.  I was told NO, right away.  No discussion.  The restaurant has a firm "no substitutions" policy.  I explained to the waiter that it was something akin to a food allergy, and he told me there was nothing he could do.  The answer was NO.  So I asked just for some plain spaghetti, no sauce.  I was going to be sneaky and just take the butter from the bread and put it on the pasta.  Guess they were two steps ahead of me, because that wasn't allowed either.  I was going to take the spaghetti with marinara and LIKE IT!  OK - no side dish.  And, it's not as though Tomato was going to kill me.  I wasn't going into shock...just some discomfort.  But, no dice.The waiter sensed my displeasure, and the GM appeared later.  He apologized for not being able to accommodate my wishes.  He told me that the chef had full control over the kitchen, and he was adamant about there being no changes and no substitutions for anything on the menu.  I asked to speak to the chef, but was told "Oh, he's not here, he's in Dallas...but he reads feedback comments you leave when you sign your check".  For the record, as polite as my comments were, he never responded.It was simply the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard of.  Celebrity Chefs everywhere make accommodations for guest requests that aren't outrageous. I mean, I wasn't asking them to make me gluten-free pasta.  We ate our entrees - which were good.  Nothing memorable, but good.  We skipped dessert and coffee.The heavy word:  There are WAY TOO MANY CHOICES for great Italian in Las Vegas - and within a 10 minute walk of this place - for any restaurant to be less-than-accommodating.  I'm not saying you won't have a good meal here; but you can do better.OK, this place has only been open a week. However, if it wants to be known as a "steakhouse," it will be competing with Mastro's, Fleming's, Grill 44 and Ruth's Chris among others. Measured alongside these restaurants, Black & Bleu's management has a lot of work to do.The menu is a little bit of this and that. It creates the impression that this eatery has an identity crisis. Most steakhouses will bring out a basket of warm bread or rolls. At Black & Bleu, we had to ask for bread THREE times. In the end, we were brought two slices of toasted white sandwich bread more suitable for toast points than anything else -- and with NO butter. All this in a "steakhouse" charging $44 for a 14 oz ribeye and $42 for lamb chops.The wine list is relatively small and mediocre, There are a number of cabernets and pinot noirs but only one merlot. On the bright side, the barmaids are easy on the eyes and the broiler station knows their stuff. Our flatiron steak and NY Strip came out exactly as we ordered. That said, the Lobster Bisque was scorched and the grilled asparagus was limp. In the restaurant world, it's inexcusable to serve your patrons burned soup.Service was needlessly slow. The waitstaff does not know the menu. Example: they constantly referred to "crabcakes" when, in fact, the dish was a single crabcake. The entire waitstaff needs to be trained in the basics. Yes, Virginia, diners should be served from the left and plates removed from the right. The waitstaff has yet to master this basic tenet of service. See: www.chefalbrich.com/etiquette/ In sum, the menu needs to be rethought and the staff trained in proper service. Until that time, competing as a "steakhouse" in a market that has so many first-class steakhouses will doom Black & Bleu.Well, we live in the area and looking forward to the re-opening of this restaurant after our daughter and son-in-law said it was good but very expensive.

1.  The rooms in the HRH Tower were AMAZING..AMAZING. Be sure to ask for a higher floor though because we were on the 7th floor and we could hear and feel the thumping of Vanity Nightclub, nothing crazy but if you were on a lower floor it would be a problem.

- The table side guacamole was weird.  The avocados were flavorless.  Almost like they weren't ripe and the restaurant had popped them in the microwave to soften them up

no thanks.This is my second time going here-big mistake. I'm a young adult, I want to look like a young adult not a kid and not like my Grandma (although she is great). I want to look fairly fashionable to have a hairstyle that is replicable by myself. I spend good money to come to a place that gets good reviews, but it's not worth it. When the stylist tried to fix my bangs, which made my look like a pixie, they ended up being worse. Now not only do I still look like I have a toupe on my head, I look like I'm 12. Worst part, you can put hair back on to make it better- you can only cut more off. The topper- it's my Doctoral graduation this weekend, and I will have these pictures forever. Moral of the story, just go to someplace cheap and get a decent hairstyle and save your money.A pretty casual hotel restaurant. Because it's a hotel restaurant, you'll get your meal overpriced with a limited selection. At least parking is free in the lot.Never seen a bar (especially a hotel bar) so anxious to close checks and have patrons go away. Happened to me both at lunch and dinner; I watched same happen all around me. Too bad because beer selection was good and atmosphere was inviting. Would have otherwise enjoyed spending more time and money here.We've been here a few times and all was good couple years ago. We went for Friday fish fry tonight. The menue has really changed. Soup salads sandwiches and wraps. No dinners. We asked if they had a fish fry and the waitress said yes, beer batter fish 3 pieces with Fries and coleslaw for 12.95. Not worth it!  It wasn't busy and it seemed we had to wait too long for our food. Maybe they were busy with room service?  When we got our food the fish was dark brown, over cooked in old oil. I've had better fries from McDonald's they were similar in size and small potion. Nothing special. The cole slaw was awful. I have never had slaw with oregano. It was bad. It's easy to google a cole slaw receipe. Maybe in Mexico or Italy they use oregano in coleslaw but not in wis. I don't think I'll be back. I gave 2 stars because the waitress Amara was very nice and attentive.The other thing was we noticed a smell of cigarettes which means they need their carpet cleaned. It was nasty especially since smoking has been banned in bars and restaurants for some time now. The smell of tabaco won't go away unless cleaned.We've been here a few times and all was good couple years ago. We went for Friday fish fry tonight. The menue has really changed. Soup salads sandwiches and wraps. No dinners. We asked if they had a fish fry and the waitress said yes, beer batter fish 3 pieces with Fries and coleslaw for 12.95. Not worth it!  It wasn't busy and it seemed we had to wait too long for our food. Maybe they were busy with room service?  When we got our food the fish was dark brown, over cooked in old oil. I've had better fries from McDonald's they were similar in size and small potion. Nothing special. The cole slaw was awful. I have never had slaw with oregano. It was bad. It's easy to google a cole slaw receipe. Maybe in Mexico or Italy they use oregano in coleslaw but not in wis. I don't think I'll be back. I gave 2 stars because the waitress Amara was very nice and attentive.The other thing was we noticed a smell of cigarettes which means they need their carpet cleaned. It was nasty especially since smoking has been banned in bars and restaurants for some time now. The smell of tabaco won't go away unless cleaned.I don't go here often and with good reason -- there doesn't seem to be anything this bar offers that another place doesn't do better. If I wanted to dance or act crazy - there is Brothers. If I want to sit outside - I'd goto Vintage or Johnny O's. If I wanted a quieter place to sit down and talk - there is Red Shed, Segredo's(cause its usually dead) or Blue Velvet. The drinks are OK, the bartenders are OK and its ok to stop on a bar crawl but not somewhere I stay for long.I've been having a lot of trouble with prescriptions here lately, to the point where I am almost ready to cut ties with one of the otherwise best co-ops in Madison, which will pain me to do. Inefficient, inconsiderate window service, similar phone and email service, many times shorting me on my prescriptions because they are out of things, requiring multiple trips, and how easy is it to park there? Not at all. I'm frankly not sure it's worth the stress and aggravation anymore.Interesting location on State Street,  but anytime I have been in here, I haven't had much luck.  There are two sections to the store: trendy and poor quality new clothes on one side, and an over-priced, very odd assortment of used clothing on the other side.  I honestly can only think of one occasion on which I bought something here.  It was a cheap ring that snapped about two weeks later.  Total waste of my money.  The only time I venture in here is when dragged kicking and screaming by friends.  Admittedly, this store was a bit more appealing to me when I was in college and into trendier styles, but now it doesn't do the trick for me at all.  If I'm looking for cheap clothes, I would rather go to Goodwill (also on State Street) or the St. Vinny's on Willy Street.Ragstock rarely rises above disappointment for me. (Please note that I only shop for clothes and shoes aimed at women, so I can't comment on the aimed-at-men counterparts here.) I have zero interest in the "new clothing/accessories" side of the store-- it's trendy, cheap stuff whose materials and construction are terrible. I know that higher quality materials and sounder construction do not entail better labor practices, but the stuff on this side of the store makes me want to know more about its origins. The used/thrift side isn't usually worth digging through unless you want components for a Halloween costume, an Ugly Christmas Sweater, or denim cutoff hotpants (each in its respective season.) The used clothing seems like the kind sold in bulk by resellers. The vintage clothing leans heavily towards the polyester. I think the only things I've found here are some khaki shorts for a summer job, a nice flowy silk hippie skirt, a lipstick red Wilson's leather blazer (why not?), and a truly wonderful pair of vintage Frye-alikes that singlehandedly raise the score from 1 star to 2. Ugh, I love those boots. They were dead cheap, too. But I've never found their like again in what's otherwise a sea of square-toed stretch pleather.The downstairs clearance area is full of flammable-looking shiny things, extreme whiskering, printed leggings, etc. Like much of the thrift-side clothing, the dressing rooms don't seem particularly clean. I like the Star Trek murals, but the doors to the stalls are way too small. If I were tall I would be making eye contact with the other shoppers as I changed, and that just ain't right.I've come to the conclusion that this place is overrated and overpriced despite all the good things I've heard. I'm not quite sure if I'm willing to pay more than $7 for any meat curry (and they're asking for $15 or more) and I'm also not too keen with what I ate -- I felt that the curry was either too Westernized or watered down (not spicy enough, somewhat bland, had some vegetables that seemed out of place for the dish) and the chicken meat was just too rough.I've been disappointed in the two times I've been there and I personally find Himal Chuli to be the better of the two restaurants (even though I also find Himal Chuli to be overpriced).Madisonian mediocrity strikes again. The equation for restaurants around here seems to be mediocre food, and small servings, at unjustified prices. The service was good, the place was cute, but seriously, nothing on the menu was worth even close to what they were charging. I know I keep talking about my sweet home Chicago, but there are several places there, where you could probably get twice the quantity, five times the quality, and all at half the price. I think in Madison, when it comes to ethnic dining, that people are so hell bent on embracing diversity through food, that all common sense about judging quality and value go out the window.We were up in the capital protesting the Repair Budget Bill, and needed to get warm and eat.  We only waited about 10 minutes and the staff was very courteous.  I ordered the curry lamb, it was small in portion, served with white rice.  The lamb was quite tasty, but the sauce was more of a cream sauce then a curry.  Hardly any spice. I ordered roti and what came out look more like a fried pita.  No sauces for the bread.  My friends ordered a tofu sandwich, again on a Pita and Marsala Dosa.  They enjoyed them and the meal filled them up and we did get warm. Probably would not go back though.Decent food+bad service+bad value= two stars.I went to Chautara with a group of seven or eight people.  It was very crowded and the waiter was running around like a mad man.  Taking orders felt more like an interrogation, and while I would have liked to order another beer he never asked.  One member of our party didn't get his entree until they were clearing everyone else's plate (to their credit, they comped his meal-- it definitely would have been one star without that).The food was actually pretty tasty-- I ordered lamb korma and enjoyed it.  But the portion sizes were very small and the price (16$) was completely outrageous for three small chunks of lamb and white rice.  I definitely won't be going back.We were seated in the tacky (but, I admit, somewhat charming) outdoor seating area. The plastic patio tables and chairs were ridiculous. I don't mind that they were plastic - they just looked like they were from the 70's and were horribly dirty and uneven. I mean, really, how hard is it to get some nicer plastic furniture so your customers aren't wobbling all over the place??Didn't care much for the food. Drinks I thought were overpriced. I wanted to try the chicken curry - but they were out. So I ordered the Mahi mahi and it was overcooked and dry. My boyfriend's fried chicken was also overcooked when it should have been juicy. The best part about my order was probably the mango curry salad dressing I had on the salad that came with my meal. Pretty tasty. Underwhelming experience. Maybe will come back for just some fun fruity drinks... but that's a big maybe.is this place for real?

-Crunch Rock & Roll (3 pieces)

Maui Marinated Ribeye: Bad cut of meat. Cut too thin to easily cook medium-rare, so it didn't have the right texture. Marinade was overpowering (Yeah, I get that it's marinated, but yuck.) The mashed potatoes were good, but nothing out of this world.Decent prices. Service was great if you were drinking. Switching to water meant no refills. Blam.Went to the Grand Lux Cafe around 3AM after a great night of partying in Vegas. Walked in and noticed greasy and slippery floors. Out of curiosity, noted this to the staff and they acknowledged that it was a problem. Dinner - nothing to write home about. It was OK. Not very flavorful - bland. As were leaving, we made a friendly and light-hearted comment to a gentleman, who appeared to be the manager, regarding the slippery and greasy floors. The irate and condescending response was not something I was expecting. Apparently the grease makes it way from the kitchen on the serves shoes. I have NEVER seen this before. If you go there, out of desperation for food late night, please don't ask any questions regarding the place - or risk the wrath of some irate manager.I'm a fan of Cheesecake Factory but I don't think this place is that good... If you are a fan of Cheesecake Factory, go there instead.I thought this was the upscale Cheesecake factory?  The menu is underwhelming and the food is mediocre diner quality.  The need to redo the menu at this place and hire new cooks.  They are better off just putting a cheesecake factory in here.I've eaten at 2 different locations now (Las Vegas and Colorado) and both times have not been impressed. Both locations they messed up my food and it came out late. Our server at the Las Vegas location was not very quick / attentive with our table. When our drink glasses were empty, they were taken away and not once did anyone ask if any one of us wanted anything more to drink (very, very weird). Food was good, but the whole experience is what makes the restaurant. And the fact that my dinner, again, was messed up and they didn't even offer a drink or nothing for the inconvenience really annoyed me. Not sure if I will return since this happened twice already...Oh Grand Lux, you're exactly what I expected you to be.  Massive portions to satisfy the hunger of 40-inch waistline Texans visiting Vegas.  Prices $3-5 more expensive than Cheesecake Factory despite only marginally better food.  Service that is at the best of times absent and the worst downright rude.  And yet, because of your location to the Palazzo suites and the lack of other reasonably priced restaurants, I must've eaten your food 3-4 times in a weekend.  I don't know whether to blame you or myself.  Fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me.Came here for an early breakfast with a couple of friends.  We came to Vegas too early where we couldn't check into our room yet.  We have heard some good things about this place but needless to say it was horrible.  We had breakfast food and did not experience it very well.  I got eggs, sausage, and hash browns.  My friends gotten the breakfast steak with hashbrowns as well.  Their food was plain and the hashbrowns were over cooked.  All our hashbrowns were hard.  No, it was not crispy, it was hard where it was hard to eat... My friends believe their meal was not worth what they paid, it was close to $20 for their dish and their steak was BLAH.  I hate going to Dennys but Denny's is better than this place.Oh yea, and our server sucked! Freaking disappeared for over 20 minutes, never refilled our waters, and took 10 minutes to get our check, and 10 minutes to get it back.  Service was horrible there too.  We will more than likely not come here again.Maybe it was a bad day where both service and food sucked but who knows.  I had my experience there and won't be back.We heard this was a great buffet breakfast place and it wasn't.  Very limited selection and the only selling point is that you can have made-to-order omelet. Very disappointing buffet and on top of that it's 37 bucks for 2 peeps.  TOO OVERPRICED for so little.The customer service here is good but I was not impressed with my miso salmon with brown rice. The presentation was ugly and tasted ugly too. I had plenty of leftovers and left unfulfilled. The chicken broth soup it came with was at least good. I didn't see anything on the menu that stood out so I won't be returnig here ever.I'm shocked that there are so many 4-5-star ratings for this restaurant. Perhaps our server just hated my table. He was really rushing us for our order even though it wasn't very busy. It was Sunday, July 8, 2012 around 7:30pm. We were seated quickly, but our table didn't even have place settings for all 7 of us. Our server took the order and was pleasant enough, but that's where the service ended. It's like he disappeared for 45 minutes and our food was nowhere in sight. Our order consisted of 3 breakfast entrees, enchiladas,1 burger, 1 salad and one hot entree, nothing out of the ordinary or difficult. Once the food finally arrived, it was just ok. Not bad, but nothing memorable. I felt like the food should have been outstanding for how long we waited, but it was just so-so. I won't be going back to this place for long waits on mediocre food. Our server never even acknowledged that our food took over 45 minutes. Rude!The (only) upside: the prices were reasonable.You know, everyone raves about this place, and I can't see it. It's annoyingly loud, the seats are pretty uncomfortable and the food quality just isn't there. I just finished having lunch with a gf who loves Grand Lux and is in from out of town, so politely agreed to join at Palazzo. I ordered something different from the Asian Nachos which is the only thing that I have had there that I thought was extra good at one time, but the last time I got them thought they had gone downhill, so decided to switch today to the Rachel (sister to a Ruben). The meat was so greasy and bad tasting that I literally had to pull it from the sandwich and eat the slaw and bread alone which too was overly greased and dripping. I stopped eating at about half because I thought it would make my stomach upset if I ate more. Trust me, I don't usually walk away from a Ruben sandwich. With so many great places to eat in Vegas why bother?Wow I expected much more from one of the Venetian's flagship eateries.

Our teppanyaki grill just had one other couple when we arrived but they squished us in beside them instead of spreading us out a bit.  I felt crowded during the meal and it was awkward having a private conversation with my husband during our meal.The chef first cooked the vegetables.  When they were ready, instead of dividing them up into four equal portions and serving them to the four of us, he gave the men larger portions than the ladies.  Although my hubby does eat more than me, shouldn't it be up to me if I give him the portion of my meal I can't eat and not the chef?  Also instead of putting the cooked veggies aside on a cooler part of the grill,  cooking the meat, then serving everything together, he served the veggies right away. We then had to decide whether to eat a plate full of hot veggies on their own while the meat was cooking, or wait while the meat was cooking and eat cold veggies when it was served.  The veggies, although nicely cooked, were very bland.I ordered shrimp for @25.95 and my hubby ordered shrimp and calamari for $27.95.

Would I come back? Nope. Not even a little, but I have no regrets trying this place.Not really worth the $52.99!

cheese con queso is the best thing on the menu...Drink wise: Get the seasonal Samuel Adams, not a great beer selection..Nice clean restaurant..just needs to get better food..Soooo I was checking out my Yelp profile and decided to up my ante with another review... this time, not so great.  I was starving (what else is new?) on a Friday night so I dragged my boyfriend out for some Mexican fare.  Let's start at the door: the hostess didn't look too excited to greet or seat us.  Our server took our drink order, we received our trusty chips and salsa, and got to work.  The menu was pretty standard for an "upscale" Mexican restaurant, seafood selection and all.  After the server described "The Monterrey" plate as one you could fit a turkey on, I was convinced.  This hefty entree consists of four different types of enchiladas, a chile cheese relleno, chicken taco, and guac... how could we possibly go wrong?The plate arrived ginormous, as promised; I just wasn't particularly impressed by any of it.  As much as I love food, I am a quality over quantity kind of girl, and this entree was not cuttin' it.  I honestly can't point out anything in particular that I did not like about the plate, it just wasn't memorable, finger lickin' good, or (please insert cliche here).  When dessert was offered, we politely declined.  Our waiter dropped the check fleetingly and muttered a "Thank You" or something of that sort as he zipped past our table.  I do give the place props on decor, as the paintings, statues, and lighting throughout the restaurant are impressive and reminiscent of the culture of Mexico.Really cool looking place, but all of the creativity is in the design of the building and it doesn't seem like any is put into the food.  Hit a street taco vendor instead.Chips are thin. Food is expensive and not much. Asked for no tomato, onions, mushrooms- got tomato and peppers( not listed on menu) won't return. Husband complained of not many fixings. On to another restaurantGreat place for mexican food if your white and never had homemade. Just like Seranos or any other chain, plus its more expensive.Ate there with the wife last night. Everything tasted to us like it was straight out of a can and came to the table cold. Server was nice, but the everything home made speech is a crock. Just because it was put in a pot, then from a pot to a plate does not mean it should be called homemade or hand made.I've eaten here a few times now. Before I was celiac and after. Prior it was good.  But if you are coming for gluten free food , go elsewhere.I have eaten here 6 times over the last 7 years and had good experiences.  My family and I weent early for Mother's Day dinner and I saw a shift in service and food quality.  On the plus side, the the Dip Sampler appetizer was one of the best I had.  But the service was very slow even when our waitress went down to 3 tables.  My wife's drink, ordered when we sat down, took 20 minutes to arrive.  She had a special request for the drink and it was ignored.  I had the Beef & Cheese Chimichanga.  It was VERY BAD.  The ground beef was either old or spoiled and it tasted sour.  I took two bites and stopped.  The waitress looked at me and said, "You don't like it?  Still deciding, huh?"  and then walked away.  She came back 15 minutes later and I kindly requested that it be taken off the bill.  She said a manager would come by the table, but he or she never did.  The charge was taken off the bill.  My wife's entree - the Juarez - and my daughter's Child's Beef Taco were fine.  My son's Fajita Tacos looked liked they were literally thrown together with no attempt at presentation.  When my family was finished eating their entrees, the waitress said she would bring the check and didn't ask us if we would like dessert or anything else.  Some may chalk off  my bad experience to it being Mother's Day, but if  restaurant can't give good service and great food when busy, why would you want to go there in the first place?Abuelos has been there for a long time but for some reason I have never been there. So I decided to try it. Walking in, I was very impressed with the decor - looked like the Cheesecake Factory - or maybe a casino. Sat at the bar and started with a margarita. It was ok. Tasted a little watered down. I had 2 of them - which usually does the trick for me - these must have been really light on tequila because I did not feel the alcohol. They brought chips and 3 salsas. The salsas tasted out of the can - and chips were out of a bag- not much taste. I had a combo with enchilada, tamale, taco, rice and beams. The taco beef tasted like Taco Bell but it did have nice lettuce and tomato - the shell was crisp. Tamale tasted like out of a can although it was sitting on a husk. Avocado enchilada was smothered in a white cheese- the advocado was out of a can - smooth texture with no flavor. The rice and beans were tasty.  I kept waiting for something to kick in after I finished my 2nd drink - it felt like I had 3/4 of a real drink since they were so watered down. My bill was $31. - after tip I walked out spending $36 for a below average meal. Abuelos probably stays in business from sun lakes residents and people in from out of town that think this is the authentic southwest Mexican food.  Go down to Rositas on Dobson/Guadalupe - not much on decor - but the food, chips/salsa, and drinks blow this place away.  Mexican food should have some flavor - Abuelo's is overall very bland.Tried Abuelo's last night with some friends. Ambience and decor are lovely.Had Grandieza frozen margarita ($5!) that was solid and refreshing! It took me 1.5 hours to polish off due to its size and brain freeze side effect.Huge fan of their green salsa! Sweet (like a hint of mango?) and mild.Ordered the beef chimichanga - not the best...I guess I assumed it would be shredded beef when it was ground! It tasted elementary and cafeteria-like. But - the papas con chili?!? Soooo tasty!A friend split the Fajitas-for-two with another friend. With their order, they received a plate of lettuce, onion, cheese. One politely asked if they could get a little more. The waiter acts like lettuce is rare and sacred and tells her "Well, lemme see what I can do". What??? Dude, make that happen - we're talking lettuce and tomato here!! SmhNo add'l fixings were provided. That's just not providing a positive customer experience, IMO.I won't be back for a full meal, but wld entertain just having their papas and a margarita at the bar.Found the atmosphere cold and corporate. The food was mediocre at best, ordered the chicken fajita chimichanga, which was no doubt precooked frozen chicken, the sauce and veggies in the chimichanga were also reheated, extremely bland, and the food came out in literally well under 5 minutes, there is no way any meal could be prepared fresh that fast.  Ordered a local ale on tap and the "pint" came in a ridiculously large stemmed glass, probably the most inappropriate way to drink an ale I've ever experienced.What's with the touch screen terminal at every table? Whoever came up with this idea ought to be fired. Leaving 2 stars as the server was actually very good.We came here tonight with my Parents, because on their last visit in 2011 (they live in germany), they loved the place, and we did do. We warned them that the last time my Husband, Son and I had been there, the food and service was not quite what it used to be. Well, we should have listened to ourselves. The last time we thought they must have just had a bad night and so tonight was going to be better. Boy were we wrong. The Hostess seated us quickly and courteously, no worries, right? My Husband ordered the drinks for us ( 3 Ice Teas & a Coke), while I went to the Restroom to wash my hands. I always make it a habbit to look in the stalls even when I wash my hands. The Toilets had  paper in them and the seats were in need of cleaning. But okay. I thought about telling the manager, but did not want to cause any issues. When I returned to the table, the chips and salsa had been placed. (Chips are very thin and the Salsa is very runny). Trying to put Salsa on the Chip is not easy and you have to hold your hand under because it will drip on your shirt otherwise, trust me.There was no plates provided to keep one clean.After about 5 minutes Chip our server brought the Drinks and went off somewhere. About 10 minutes later he returned to take our order. When I asked about the Salsa he said that this is how it is brought in, so I assume they don't make it fresh on the premises. Big minus, because it is not that expensive to make yourself and there are a lot of good recipes out there. One of the Red Sauces tasted really weird, the other one was good, but like I said to runny. The Green one, kind of tasted like their was Pineapple Juice in it? Strange.We ordered the Guacamole Appetizer so that we could eat the Chips and the Guacamole was really good.The food arrived. We had ordered 2 Beef Fajitas, one for my Dad and one for my Mom. My Husband and I decided to split the Ribeye & Enchiladas. We opted for the Cheese Enchiladas. The Beef Fajita Meat was extremely chewey. My Parents could not eat it. We had ordered our Ribeye Medium and it was very well done, my Husband who used a Steak Knife had a hard time cutting thru it. Did I mention how really thin the Ribeye was?We were looking for our Waiter Chip who was nowhere to be found. About 10 minutes later we got the Busboy to get us the Manager. She came out and asked what the problem was and I told her about the meat. She said sorry, but it immediately followed with an explanation on how they cook the Fajita Meat and when I showed her our "medium" Ribeye she went on to tell me how they now have a new supplier.Now, having been in the Food Business myself for over 31 years, I do know that the supplier does not do the cooking and that really was not what I wanted to hear. She did ask if we wanted the food to be redone and my parents and us asked for the Meat to be remade.It took 20 minutes for the remade meat to come out. By that time, my Mom had finished the sides that came with her fajitas and we had eaten the underwhelming cheese enchiladas and the some of the drippy Beans (more landed on my shirt, it was this runny) and my Dad really didn't want to eat the sides because he was just so upset about all of this.Anyways, the Meat is brought out, the manager wanted to know if she should take my Dad's sides and I said, may as well, because they were cold now, to which she replied that she asked me if I wanted the sides redone as well.I admit, I did not ask her to that at the time, but what upset me was her tone of voice when she asked me.My parents went ahead and ate the Meat, because they were really hungry, even so it was still a bit on the chewy side. Not sure what kind of Meat they use, but it is a tough one. We had driven over 300 miles today and were starving.My husband could not finish the Ribeye, because it was still not that easy to cut thru the fat on the still very thin steak. I ate my half, because I was also just hungry.At the end of the Meal, Chip and the Manager both tried to upsell us on Desert. Are you kidding me? After the mediocre Meal we just had? We really did not want to take any chances and have to pay for a bad desert as well.I would have appreciated a small discount, maybe the drinks off? But we ended up having to pay for the full meal, even so the quality and service was severely lacking tonight.I wrote a comment on their website, don't know if they will care enough to respond. This just left us totally flabbergasted as how bad they have become. Used to be our favorite Mexican Restaurant, guess now we will have to go find a new one.I came here really hoping that I was going to get some good Mexican food while I was in Phoenix. Unfortunately, I was quite disappointed. I think they spent more time decorating the place like it was a Greek Orgy room than focusing in on either the food or the service. I ordered enchiladas that came out gloppy and tasteless. My companion ordered vegetable fajitas where the grilled vegetables were either soggy, burned, or quite possibly both. Despite it being a quiet time there (3pm), the server appeared rarely as they seemed to be overreliant on their new table touch screens rather than actually paying attention to their customers.Quoting another reviewer, this place is very "cold and corporate" Considering the plethora or choices in Mexican places in Chandler, I'd suggest almost anywhere else, including taco stands that charge 1/4 as much.No Bueno Abuelos My husband and I rarely have date nights...and just had dinner at Abuelos. While the food and drinks were delicious, the service was horrible. We sat in the bar for dinner and Spike was our server. It was like pulling teeth to get a drink menu and he was so inattentive and unfriendly, it was completely uncomfortable. We couldn't wait to leave and even mentioned that to each other when our food was brought out.I'm glad we had a gift card and didn't spend any of our money, the experience was less than a pleasure.The Good - Our server, Emily, was very sweet and fairly attentive considering how many tables she had on a Sunday night.  Their chips and salsa were fantastic.  Their green salsa is out of this world.  It's a really good thing I really liked the chips and salsa and was able to chow down, because dinner...The Bad - Two things

It's really a hit or miss depending on the provider and their opinions on certain medications. I try to call ahead of time when I need a refill to ask who the provider is so I don't go there for nothing but they can't provide that information over the phone.

http://www.bing.com/images/search?q=french%20shoulder%20shrug&qs=ds&form=QBIRMH#view=detail&id=2C1A301DC8A62EA443194005E95536C97D5A3A24&selectedIndex=3I think that this place is fairly expensive and a little over-priced.Being "French" doesn't mean that an item is automatically good or worth $6.Parisian prices for the uninitiated. DIACHOTOMY?LOVE: I have found their employees to be friendly and helpful, when they have the time. The last tattooed, NCIS "Abby" lookalike, Goth girl server - was truly fabulous.

Kind of a bummer how badly those things ruin everything elseWent in for lunch and the place was quiet. Ordered two of their specialty margaritas. 1 was great and the other was not for me. Thought for $10 a drink they'd be a little more impressive in size and flavor. Server was friendly and spent the right amount of time with my friend and I. Ordered a light lunch and opted for the bowl of the Posole. Mmm! Lightly spiced but full of smoked chicken and hominy. Chips and salsa were tasty as well.The atmosphere was awesome! The food was very bleh! I was so excited to eat here. The parking was terrible,I felt relieved when we got inside because it is the coolest place.We were seated in a church pew. The food either lacked flavor our had too much flavor it was very inconsistent. Ordered the bacon jalapeno guacamole and it was exactly that, bacon jalapenos and avocado.No flavor no salt no acid in the mixture.It's a fine balance when you make guac and this was just so bland. The tacos were just ok but I've had better from the taco truck at Charlie's. The "chicken" taco was awful, the meat was unidentifiable.I honestly could not tell it was chicken very soft but a weird soft, the shrimp was o.k. small pieces. Pork was o.k.I had hopes for the cherry blue cheese steak but it was a total fail. I get that these are more upscale tacos but you still need to have taco staples, you need the basics not just crazy tacos with a bunch of interesting ingredients.I feel the restaurant has a ton of potential but it's just not there yet. Better quality meat I expected grilled steak and chicken, nice pieces of shrimp for $89.00 for 4 people we left starving because we could not eat the food.I didn't even have liquor.Oh and I ordered the corn it was decent.The rice was bland, the red salsa was good I reminds me of Baja fresh salsa but better.  So, it was a cool place I'd go back for drinks but not the food. Maybe it's because I'm Mexican and I've had tacos all my life but some people say if there aren't people of the same culture as the type of food eating there it's not good. I must say the service was excellent! But still....I'm never eating here again.I really wanted this to be great, I was looking forward to going...I love the building..We go in on a Tuesday night, it's not too busy. The hostess was immediately available, and asked if we wanted to sit inside, outside, high top, low... So far so good... And then bam... Screeching halt to the good experience. One of the disgruntled servers rudely stops her from seating us, to gripe at her about a small group that was waiting outside. (Mind you, there are plenty of open tables) He actually took the menus from her, and sent her away to go clean off a table outside!! He was standoffish, and had no idea where to seat us because he interrupted the hostess from doing her job, so he takes us over to a dirty table, so we can stand there awkwardly while he cleans it off, seats us with no menus, and not another word. BAD FORM TACO GUILD.Our actual server came up, and was apologetic, offered us an appetizer on the house, which was a very nice gesture, and you could tell he was trying to make up for the debacle that we dealt with when we walked in. The meatballs, are interesting, the duck and steak tacos are delicious, but ultimately, the food isn't good enough to cover up the half a** service and the unusual mix of country music and old school hip hop that is playing...Let me start by saying we really were excited to try this place and really wanted to like it!

We got to seats at the bar and ordered.  I had three very small tacos - not much flavor. Husband got the carne asads burro he liked it.  Chips were mixed some stale some fresher (yesterdays) and the salsa was way to mild with little flavor. WIll stick to tried and true Euro Cafe when we want to head to downtown Gilbert.I had been excited to try this new restaurant and had read good reviews of the Scottsdale location.  It's a cute room and because my companion and I went for lunch mid-week, we only waited about 10 minutes.  While I saw numerous staff around, our poor waitress was clearly spread too thin and was scrambling to get to each of her tables.  Having the waitress prepare the table-side guacamole at three tables during the time were were there didn't help the situation and further slowed down service.  We waited about 15 minutes before our waitress took a drink order.  We had to ask twice for chips and salsa, not to mention water.  The chips were stale, thick and cold (I prefer thin, fresh,warm and crispy).   The salsa had absolutely no flavor or heat.  It couldn't have been more bland.  My companion ordered three tacos.  They were the small street taco size and he said they were good.  I had the Queen enchiladas with shrimp and, although the shrimp were smaller than the waitress described, the dish was delicious.  I also ordered a pineapple agua fresca which was tasty.  My companion found the beer selection to be limited to only relatively cheap Mexican beers.  I will return to give Barrio Queen another chance but I have a feeling this may not be my favorite Mexican restaurant.It was nice to try once but pricey and will not come back.  Bob tried their award winning entree it was a two star entree called Cochinta Pibil.  I had the Spinach Salad with grilled chicken.  That was good.  I din't like Bob's dish either.  The wait time was 46 minutes.  It took another 45 minutes to get food.  We were ready and ordered as soon as we were seated.We called 2 days ahead to ask if we could get a reservation. They do not do reservations. We were told that they do allow call ahead seating up to 2 hours before you arrive with a group. We called 2 hours before and were told that our name was taken and they would be ready for us. 2 hours later we arrived and no one knew anything about our "call-ahead" seating...The wait was 1 hour and 45 minutes.I spoke to a manager who got us in as quickly as possible but the wait was still long considering they had promised us preferred access when we arrived.We were told that the guacamole was a can't miss menu item...it was ok. 1 avocado and some other ingredients was hardly enough for the group to have more than 2 bites each and at $11, certainly not worth the money.I ordered 4 tacos for the main course. They arrived on a plate that looked like your average run-of-the-mill Mexican restaurant serving plate except there was a huge open space on the plate...like there should have been rice and beans but it didn't come with them...?!?The whole meal took over 3 hours and the waiter rarely came back to the table.

Do not try to wash your hair if you have long thick hair. The pressure in the shower is so low, that you will miss out on the rest of Vegas while trying to get the shampoo out.The pool is very nice tough!

Naturally, since I did not get to bag my own groceries, I get home to find 3 items in the same bag... a cucumber, chicken breast, and dish soap. This was a good store. I drove 10 miles each way to visit. However, "Mr G" has over-extended himself with petty policies and procedures. He has squeezed people like ourselves from shopping there on a regular basis. Instead of Glazier's I would recommend Sunflower market (soon to be Sprouts). Glazier's, I will still shop with you 2 to 3 times a year when I get cravings for New York stuff. Otherwise, I have found other places to go.my third visit; and i gotta say that they really cut back since they opened a while ago. when they first opened everything was first class!... now its no class-FAIL!!! employees at the meat/seafood counter were not engaginging and rough around the edges- maybe its just me but i dont like being called "bud" and "pal" by people that are supposed to be taking care of me. selection has gone way down since opening; the worst was the produce! i can believe i could not find one decent nectarine, peach or plum, during peak stone fruit season. so sad but i guess they have to cut back like everybody else.They carry everything, but their pricing also reflects that. Expensive yes. They also do have expired food on the shelves. 75 % of the employees are rude and do not want to help customers. This place needs improvement . I give the store 2 stars for the few employees who are nice and helpful in there. Unless things improve I cannot shop here due to health concerns.I do like Glaziers, but... This morning I stopped in for a donut and coffee at 8am.  I got my donut and went to the service counter to get a cup of coffee.  No one was there.  Not one individual was around.  I asked the greeter at the door.  He checked around and found out the person in charge of the coffee counter went on break... at 8am... prime-time coffee hour.  What's worse is this is the fourth time this has happened.  Needless to say, I left the store empty-handed.  I don't have the time or patience to deal with a lack of service like that.I can't believe they allow business to operate like that.  Glaziers needs to take a look at how their staff is behaving.UNACCEPTABLE!First of all, I decided to try this place because my brother told me about it. It was my only day off in my 6 day workweek, so I decided to pack my kid in the car and go on adventure. My brother said this place was kinda cool so I wanted to grocery shop some place different. When I pulled up my first impression was that it looked like a Whole Foods Market. I walked in a thought the store looked very clean and organized. I made my way throughout the store and my initial impression was, "Dang, I wish this store was closer to my house!" But the longer I stayed in the store, the quicker my excitement faded. It wasn't the lack of product, aesthetics or organization of the store - it was the feeling I had as I shopped. With the exception of two people, never once was I greeted or offered assistance. Here's the thing: it's a grocery store, you technically can figure out where things are...but when I'm walking through a business establishment and never once greeted (including management) my immediate feeling is that they could care less if I shopped in their store. As I saw employees restock their shelves, almost everyone looked like they had somewhere better to be. No smiles, no energy, no warm feeling. Don't get me wrong, I wasn't expecting service like I was in a 5 star hotel - but I've been in retail for 20 years and a manager for 12+ years...and believe the employees' demeanor and behaviors are just a indicator of how the business is run. Just my two cents on that. I ended up buying shrimp, donuts, fritters, chips and other goods totaling almost $60. For lunch, I stopped at the sushi counter and the lady was probably the friendliest employee I encountered. I was interested in buying some seafood and meat, but once I got to the butcher station, the lady behind the counter was so consumed in whatever task she was doing that she never even looked up to ask if I needed help. At the checkout counter, the cashier was nice enough, but honestly, I've received friendlier service at Wal-Mart. During my transaction (it was a debit), the register timed out and I had to repeat my transaction. I asked the cashier, "So, the other transaction won't count?" Defensively, she replied that it wouldn't. The only reason why I asked her was because where I work, if the register times out during a debit transaction, it sometimes WILL take the sale so I wanted to make sure. I was taken aback that she got so defensive as if I was attacking her cashiering expertise. I ate at their little sitting area and enjoyed my sushi lunch which tasted absolutely delicious. During my lunch some head honcho/corporate looking people were around me and half the time I thought, "Manage your people, not the product and perhaps you'll see an increase in profits." For the items I purchased: 5 stars.For not even being said hello to: 0 stars.For the cleanliness and organization of the store: 4 stars.For the price differential in items: 1 star (certain items were priced reasonably and certain items were just way overpriced).For the lackluster customer service: 1 star (only because the sushi lady was actually nice). AND on top of that, I nearly got run overed by some chick driving way to fast in the parking lot even though I was walking IN THE GD CROSSWALK and I had right of way.Oh wait, the bouncer/security guard guy at the door - - seriously?!!? If you're going to park someone over there, then at least have that person say, "Have a great day" WHILE LOOKING IN MY SHOPPING CART. (I know that's what you're doing - - checking if I stole anything.) Glazier's management: you have a beautiful store with great product in it - but I think you need to revisit the customer service piece of it too. I'd only come back if I was on that side of town. I'll save my gas and more money by going to Winco.This supermarket, a Best of Las Vegas recipient since its opening, serves breakfast on the weekends so that was our destination on a recent morning. I found the market to be comparable to Whole Foods with more moderate pricing. We ordered at the counter and then retired to a table in the piano room where the food was delivered. Our easy over eggs came with bacon, wheat toast and home fries. The ingredients were good, but pricing was high and execution left much to be desired. The toast wasn't crispy, the bacon was limp, the potatoes tired and the egg whites watery.This review is for glaziers "restauraunt", specifically the sandwitch and gelato sections. My mother and I ordered a cheese steak to split. The sandwitches usually take about 8 minutes to cook so we walked off to look at the sushi. Walked back 5 minutes later and the guy still hadnt put our meat on the griddle. He had just pulled a block of cheese from the fridge when he saw us walk back. Mind you, there were no other sandwitches being made or customers in line. Ended up waiting about fifteen minutes for our sandwitch. We ate our sandwitch in the seatig area, and I dont blame the employee for this following statement because glaziers has theiir way of doing things (maybe the employee didnt follow the protocall) but there was no flavor in the meat! No salt or pepper, nothing zesty, nothin cultural or interestig. Its not a real philly, its meat with veggies and cheese. Oh well.walked over to the gelato section for desert. Asked for a few samples, and HOLY SMOKES is that girl TIRED of giving people samples. She was litterally SMACKING HER HAND into the "samplig spoon jar" in impatience of letting us try 3 combined samples.I settled on chocolate just to keep from getting her angry. That shouldnt happen in any service business. Didnt even crack a half smile.All in all, I love the market, but  Mr. Glazier,  please get a serious manager over in that area. I dont plan on ever buying from your restaurant again. It was a negative experience, and my mom was completely disgusted with it. Why am I spending my hard earned money to have lunch with my mom, only to be shat on by your employees?looking forward to hearing a response from you.Overall I enjoy this grocery store but a few words of caution: Be sure to inspect anything you buy in the seafood section. I purchased stone crab claws and upon opening up the bag to steam them, saw a dark blue/blackish discoloration inside the shells of each claw. Turns out it was moldy. Bonus: the manager would not accept a return.  Despite their " flown in daily" sign, it is obvious they sell rotten seafood from time to time.I want to love this store. And there isn't any reason why I shouldn't. It has everything I love. I can't even list all the things I love because there are just too many. So, I'll list the one thing that made me stop shopping here: Customer Service.We are a Boars Head family. It is the only lunch meat we eat. And Glaziers has a really beautiful deli with a super easy & convenient kiosk for ordering. It's stocked with everything you could ever want. Except a staff that knows how to slice this superior product. My cheese is consistently dirty. Meaning you can see remnants of the last cheese they sliced all over my cheese--same thing has happened with my ham...remnants of roast beef all over it. The cheese is never nicely sliced or separated by wax, by the time I get home, all the slices are kinda just molded into one lump. Impossible to separate without it tearing. If I order something sliced thin or very thin, I shouldn't have a bag full of of thick slabs of meat. I've ordered 'very thin' salami and it's so thick that you would think it's a joke. It has happened so often that I just go to Smith's for my Boars Head. But every once in a while, I'll stop at Glaziers and give the deli another chance. And it always ends in total disappointment. I love their amazing bakery too, but sadly there is never anyone back there to slice my bread. Like I said there are so many things I love about this market that would keep me coming back for more, but there's just one thing that keeps me away: basic customer service.We really want to like this place...... but for the last 4 times we've tried to buy organic vegetables, they are all horrible in quality. Some even had mold on them! We also bought some Vlasic pickles that we opened when we got home and found them to be rotten with an expiration date of 2 months earlier! Our fault for not check at the store, but I don't know how that could possibly of happened if they were rotating their stock.The market is a very good market but recently it's been getting difficult to shop there.  It seems there is a problem with their management of getting prices into the system.  The last five times there the checkout lines were held up for manual price checks.  I was a third person in line today with a product that I knew would not be in the system.  It's Chef Prodohmes Chitpotle sauce and it's 5.39.  I knew it wasn't in the system so I wrote it down and told the checker who refused to take me at my word.  So I told her skip it.  This was after another person in line ahead of me had the same problem on a different item.  And we had to wait several minutes because the person who does price checks was busy looking up two other aisles with the same problem.  C'mon Glaziers!  If you know it's not in the system have your checkers write down the SKU, and price with a description and PUT IT IN THE SYSTEM.  This is very customer unfriendly and it's getting worse.  It keeps happening.  Over, and over again.  I would give this place 4 stars if they never had this issue.I'm very confused why people think this is the best grocery store in Vegas.  I am consistently annoyed when coming here because while they carry kitschy items that most other stores don't carry, they don't carry many normal things, like a variety of tomato sauces, pickles or olives.  They also don't have a very good organic produce section.   I would much rather pay more and go across the street to Von's than be frustrated going into this store.I used to shop at Glazier's a lot.  However, I only go there now for the stuff I can't get anywhere else.  Watch the expiration dates on their merchandise.  They either don't rotate stuff well or they just don't care.  I've actually seen a lot of their dairy stuff either with expiration dates approaching in the day or two or already expired merchandise.  I've also seen cheese with mold on it there.  The staff is not friendly at all either.  Not to mention, they have all these signs with rules on them.  The customer's always right?!  Not at this store.  And the prices on their staples and non-perishables are much higher than the other stores.   I'd love to support local businesses over national chains, but they've got to give me a reason.Update. Staff is still crap. Asked for my $10 sandwich to be toasted, the guy stuck it in the pizza oven for 2 minutes, didn't even get warm enough to feel when I ate the sandwich. He didn't put the cheese or meat on the bread before he put it in the oven so , obviously , there was no melted cheese. 10$ a sandwich and I have to tell the worker to put mayonnaise on the sub otherwise he would hand it to me dry. Seriously poor work ethic and competence.Just extremely expensive...thats all. especially the prepared foods...Employees very drab not really friendly, something must be going on with their management because folks are always picketing outside   "Fckd-Up) takes away from the shopping experience....I have to say it hurts me to say this but this market was so good when they opened. In the last year things have changed and management is always in a bad mood. The only thing good about this place is the butchers they go above and beyond their customer service is always much appreciated.I'm going to be a little random because I have gone on numerous trips to this market for a few years out of convenience but I avoid it as much as possible now. When I first started shopping at this market the produce was great and customer service was fabulous. Now, every time I go the produce department is always filled with produce that is just short of going bad. Among trying to find produce that is fresh I had purchased a bundle of mini cucumbers that literally went completely bad and rotted within one day. I also purchased a beauty product there and brought it back with a receipt and I was told I couldn't return the product. The manager was reluctant to help me and told me that I could not bring it back because of store policy however there is no section on the receipt stating that you can't bring back beauty products. I called the general manager to see what they could do for me and I had no return phone call. I used to like this place a lot before the produce department went to crap and the managers are not helpful. I only go to the store unless I absolutely have to.I was very disappointed with the cake that we ordered for my works one year anniversary. We asked for a cake that looked like our business card they said they could do it and what I picked up looked nothing like the card. It was supposed to be black and pink and the pink was more red than anything. Whatever food color was in the black was way TOO MUCH. It dyed our teeth black and our fingers. We are serving this to our customers it's unacceptable. If you tell us you can mimic a picture than actually do it or say you can't simple as that.This is a really cool looking restaurant, and it seems that someone spent a lot of time picking out bar stools, lighting fixtures, counter tops and flooring. I would rather have seen the same attention to detail in the food and the service, but that's just me. I sat in the downstairs bar and found the waitress to be scarce when my glass was empty and stopping by a couple of times just after she brought the drink, I will say that she seemed new and a little nervous so maybe it's not the norm. As for the food, I found the carpaccio with the red cabbage to be unique but disappointing. The calamari itself was nothing special although the sauce it was served with was interesting (in a good way). I am assuming based on the decor this place will have a decent crowd so if I find myself back there I will sit AT the bar and grab a bite elsewhere.i was really excited about going to Vivace. Unfortunately, the terms Big and Britches come to mind when I think about the restaurant overall. Seems like the early buzz has gone to the head of some of the staff. In particular, the hostess ( I think she was the lead), was downright rude. We were seated at a table that had a plush, bench seat. It looked comfortable, but when I sat down, the bench rocked. When I reached for my water glass, my chair rocked. I asked the very nice woman who showed us to our table if we could move. The lead gal was summoned and was incredibly patronized--claiming that yes, indeed, they designed the chairs to rock. Seriously? Rocking chairs in a fine dining restaurant. This isn't Cracker Barrel! After some more chatting, she very reluctantly moved us.  Our waiter was fantastic and suggested a great Italian wine that the pinot noir lovers at the table adored. Sad to say the food was just ok...my entree of triggerfish and crab ravioli didn't have much flavor and I couldn't detect a speck of crab in my ravioli. We loved the meat and cheese board appetizer, but had to ask for bread. My husband's veal salimbucca was very salty. The pasta dishes were good (but, then, who can't make a decent pasta)? Gelato servings were generous, but I'm doubting this was homemade...just not enough butter fat content. At least our meals weren't outrageously priced. But, given the snotty gal hostess and the mediocre flavors, we'll go elsewhere on date night next month.I want so badly to like this place!! They really need to figure stuff out still. I have been twice and there really is no consistency going on here.First time i went this place was packed on a Wednesday night! The decor is very nice and so vibrant! The chairs are super comfy which is a plus! Service was good.First trip had the Proscuitto with figs and bleu cheese...good not spectacular. Then had the Taglitelle Pasta it was good I love cauliflower only wished there was more of that in it but it was good. Second trip had the Sweet Potato gnocchi with pork belly and cipolini onions.....SO DRY!! Hated every bite of it not even a hint of sweet potato!! I also ordered the Beef Carpaccio I really wish I had taken a picture of this dish because unless you were my sister or my boyfriend sitting at the table with me when this was put down would you even begin to understand how horrendous and Unappetizing this dish looked and tasted! It had what was suppose to be Grilled Radicchio completely covering the whole dish mounded on top of my poor Beef!! It was flavorless NOT grilled and just wrong! OK then we each ordered a pizza I had the salty egg it was good the tomato sauce on it was good! My sister had the Four cheese but only wished she had some tomato sauce on it. Then my boyfriend had the chicken an artichoke pizza and he really liked it...until he bit into his second piece and bit down onto a chicken bone/cartilage...Needless to say he didnt finish it and we sent it back. The server was apologetic and asked if she could get him anything else, he had lost his appetite though. Then the most awkward manager Ever approaches our table and just stands there for a few seconds and then says "How about that pizza, Sorry"  then walks away!! We just looked at one another and laughed!! Where did they find him cause that was the worst customer service EVER!!! Vivace just needs to do some training starting with their Management (obviously) and then in the kitchen. The things we experienced in our dining experience could have all been prevented if they only took the time to care more about the quality of food that they are putting out!! Sorry!The best thing about Vivace was the stand up comic masquerading as a waiter.  He kept us in stitches the whole meal.  The food was plain & didn't have much flavor unless the gristle on my scallops that had me thinking I had broken a tooth.  The scallops were burned & the butternut squash risotto was the equivalent of rice that had been boiled way too long in too much water.  We were with a large party.  The place was completely dead with the exception of our party.  The wait staff was very attentive.  As noted, the waiter kept us laughing which was a welcome distraction from the food.  One of my colleagues had the 4 cheese ravioli.  Her comment was that we could have run to Trader Joe's across the street & gotten better.  Another colleague had the smoked chicken & spinach angiolitti which is supposedly a best seller.  This did not even hit the spot.  The veggie lasagna wasn't anything special.  With the exception of the waiter & the overall ambience, the most important part the food left us with dreams of Trader Joe's having an Italian station.I hate to do this but after my experience Sunday, Vivace has definitely dropped from 4 to 2 stars. I came with 2 friend for an early dinner Sunday and I had a Living Social voucher for $40 so figured why not. Our server was really bad. Not sure if she was just painfully shy or just socially awkward, but either way she just wasn't good. The starters were pretty good, mussels and cheese plate. The accompaniments on the cheese plate though are not good. There was some fruit chutney or something that one of my friends likened to being already chewed and previously digested for us!! Then there was a honey which was okay and I can't recall the 3rd, though I tried a little and instantly regretted it. For the entree I ordered the fish special, wild striped bass with shrimp, artichokes and mushrooms. There was no starch with the dish so I asked if it was possible to do a side of plain risotto, same as they serve with other dishes, and obviously I'd pay the up-charge. The server tried to offer me the appetizer portion of seafood risotto for $11. Uh no, I just want a small side, plus I already have seafood in my entree. Friends got salmon and osso bucco. Basically only the guy who got the salmon was happy. Me and my friend with the osso bucco were disappointed. My fish was way too fishy and the osso bucco bite I tried tasted soapy!! I did end up with my plain risotto side and it was fine. I was left wanting more so I decided to try the salted caramel gelato. Meh, it wasn't bad but it wasn't great. It makes me sad because I have really always been a fan of Vivace. I love the ambiance, the outdoor space is fantastic and more often then not the food is great. So I will not give up hope but I will prob wait a while before stopping back in.Great location. Great atmosphere.  Disappointing food.We had the steamed mussels as our appetizer.  It was just ok; there were at least six mussels that weren't opened and we didn't chance eating them. My risotto was so overcooked ... Duck, order medium, served very rare.  Wife's pan roasted grouper had so much olive oil you couldn't taste anything else.  For desert we ordered the Espresso Cheesecake with Hazelnuts and they forgot to put the hazelnuts on (and the small cupcake sized cheesecake served on huge plate was a joke).I would not return or recomend Vivace.The only reason I gave two stars is because of the atmosphere and the wait staff. The place is beautiful and the wait staff are very attentive and just top quality waiters. That is all good but the reason I go out to eat is for the food and the food I had here was just terrible. Granted, I am of Italian heritgage and I am generally critical of Italian food out but when it comes to basics like salt and pepper, it really makes it unacceptable to take my money for such disrespect of food. My husband got a pasta dish which was totally devoid of flavor and the pasta was tough as if they put too much egg. I got pizza which was heaping with cheese - I have had better at an elementry school caf. The chef and kitchen staff should be fired and replaced - too bad, this place had a lot of potential.Before departing from Charlotte, I went with two of my friends to Vivace on a Sunday evening. The environment had been calling to me for a few months so I figured maybe last time was just a bad night and all of these 5-star reviews must be there for a reason...But, alas.. Service was a bit slow, the wine was lovely, and I got stuck paying $20 again for incredibly mediocre vegetables. Seasoning, people, seasoning!No bread this time around and my friends seemed to think the food was okay (one of which has been spoiled with Italian cooking from his mum) but it was nothing special.Veggies beware: you'll pay a lot of money to be incredibly bored/underwhelmed with the food.Went here for restaurant week last week. I wanted to like the food but the menu for restaurant week had very few options. My salad was quite nice but my main entree - the braised beef ribs had a very irony taste....almost like it was tuna. I dunno it just tasted a bit odd. My hubby liked his chicken though so a tleast we weren't both disappointed with our entrees. Love the dessert though - we got the chocolate torte with vanilla ice cream. All in all it was an ok experience.Came highly recommended, but we were disappointed. I had the duck, which was fairly tasty, but tough. My wife had the veal, which was ok, but nothing to rave about. Expensive for the quality of food. Service was acceptable, but nothing special. Maybe our expectations were just too high.Decent food at an affordable price. However the Asian hostess was outwardly rude to us for Easter brunch. She should not be in the food industry, or in any job that involves speaking to human beings. Other than than major setback, we had a good time.My friends and I went to Vivace a few times last summer for Sunday brunch.  We came back for the $11 all you can drink Mimosas, but did not order food.  Great outdoor space/patio, its too bad the food isn't better.  I had the Bruschetta, it was made with CANNED tomatoes.  In summer, really???  I know I've tried a couple other dishes on the Sunday brunch menu that were so underwhelming I can't remember what they were.  I did read that their chef had left them last summer, but has since returned, so I may give the food another try, although it concerned me in the interview that the chef mentioned she planned on continuing to use CANNED tomatoes in the Bruschetta...Great atmosphere. Just ate lunch. & was not crowded at all. Would have to try at night on a weekend to get a better feel.Ate here a 2nd time in the evening with high expectations, none of which were met. Everyone in our party of 3 would have preferred a nice tasty burger like the one Samuel Jackson ate on Pulp Fiction.  I needed some Sprite to wash it down.My husband and I visited this spot recently, but while the view we enjoyed from our seat was great, the food wasn't.  I have definitely had better Italian, even in Charlotte.  I had a mushroom risotto, which was terribly bland.  And my husband's dish was so meh, he doesn't even remember what he ate.  We won't be visiting here again.Had a living social for $40, so I thought we'd check it out for brunch.  We got up sold on a $25 brunch menu that included endless mimosas and bloodies.  Tried to order a 4th drink at the end of the meal and the waiter tried to cut me off.  Really?  Then I couldn't use the living social because it was a "special offer".  Getting cut off from ENDLESS drinks and dropping $70 on lunch put me in a bad mood. Food was ok, but left with a bad taste in my mouth. Meh.I have been here twice and the food is not good. The pizza tastes like a frozen pizza and their spaghetti and meatballs tastes like a throwback to spaghettios. We were served room temperature coffee at the end of the meal which capped it off. I won't be going back anytime soon.Beautiful restaurant with outside seating and complimentary valet.However the food was not up to par. We started with the bread it came with a dip that was tasteless n the waitress did not tell us what it was.

I would not recommend this company to anyone.Maybe Josh should start his own company he was great.This Famous Sams off Ray is right around the corner from my home. So we go in there often but not because of the food and drinks,, but because it's close. There isn't another pub or bar for another 2miles. Sometimes the food specials on the white piece of paper are good but not consistent. Wings are good. Beer prices are good but the call liquor is outrageous. $4.25 for a cranberry and well vodka. If you order call vodka they add $2.25 to your bill. $6.50 for a neighborhood bar is crazy in my opinion. Usually I am charged .50 to $1 more, not $2.25.  I do like buzztime trivia and texas holdem. But until another bar comes out this way.....I gave 2 stars because the only good thing about this place were the bloody Marys and the staff. The TVs were older and one was green. It SAYS on the website and on the MENU that they have a bloody Mary bar (the entire reason we went) but no, they tell you, "we make it for you how u want". No shit..so does every other bar. I want to make it my self! Not to mention the were $5 a piece and the first one had very little vodka. I ordered an omelet, one of 2 on the menu, and it was wrong, the have no ketchup bottles only cup served with your meal. We will never go back again.. there was no offer to correct my bill for the wrong food, I was asked if I wanted a new omelet but I was starving and not waiting another min. My husband was charger $1.00 for one slice of toast. Ugh..bad, bad business!!I've only been into this location a handful of times. Each time it has been incredibly messy, poorly organized, and unless I am looking for something in particular, I walk through and walk out.Poor quality for what you pay and inconsistent customer service paired with being put on edge with the amount of clutter is enough for me to stay away, no matter how many coupons you try to throw my way.The night staff at this location leaves something to be desired. Maybe it was our bad for coming in within 15 minutes of closing to quickly check for a certain shoe for my husband. The cashier was extremely rude as we came in informing us they were closed. The intercom announcement that the store was closed (not closing) came 5 minutes before 9pm and the manager had already locked the door. This is the second time I've been here in the evening and experienced rude employees that seemed to just want to get you out of there. I've shopped at this Kohls many times during their holiday hours and always experienced cheerful staff even at night, it's too bad those people aren't there anymore.Went to shop for some clothes and spent almost a hour and a half shopping for us to take the clothes to check out to tell me the debit/credit machine is down!! What kind of customer service is that!? If I would have known i would of stopped shopping. Not many people carry cash these days, common courtesy is they should of announced they couldn't take cards at the time. It's not the staffs fault it went down but Hey!  let us know!!Cool little store and they have a bit of retro stuff that I like. Has been there for ages. The prices are not the worst I have seen but not my first pick for video games. They do have some anime figures and DVD's. It's worth a visit.I'm not really a golfer, but living in Scottsdale, I see beautiful courses all the time, so playing on the dead grass was a bit of a bummer. It was a gorgeous sunny and 70s day in January, so of course our tee time was delayed, but I thought the staff was friendly. Friends who actually golf told me I'd have a tough time with the course and probably really tick off groups behind me, but the course didn't feel too backed up; we played right on schedule and only had to wait at one or two holes and same with the group behind us. The hazards weren't too tricky, even being a non-golfer, I only donated one ball to the water. My brother-in-law donated one to a truck driving on the main road right by one of the tee boxes though! Eek! Random complaint - the mirrors in the women's bathroom are for giants.We always play the first tee time.  We play fast for the first nine holes, setting a nice pace, but the last two times we played we had to wait on hole 10.  Management no longer cares about the golf experience.  Doesn't seem to bother anyone that there are major backups on the course.  They used to have someone driving the course at least twice a round making sure everything is going ok.  Now there is no one maintaining pace of play and they have the Back Nine and Breakfast people teeing off way to late. Why should the first group have to wait on the 10th hole? Management does not see the problem with it.  Will now play courses where they care about the player experience.Very poor course for the price. Played there yesterday for the second time in two weeks and it will be my last. Dead duck in pond on # 3 had not been removed. Trash in lots of the ponds. Staff is discourteous and almost rude. #1 and 18 are the only holes on the course that are maintained and I think that is to draw unsuspecting golfers in. Range balls all over #9. Won't be going back.Apart from the occasional view of Superstition Mt. about all this course offers is a lack of snow in winter! Moguls should be on ski runs and not on a golf course. Desert courses should not attempt to have water on every hole and nary a cactus in sight.  If a truck boneyard (along hole 13) inspires your golf game this is your course. At the moment greens are slow, carts on path only and play on the back has ground to a halt.Less than par...  the course layout and design is nice however the fairway and greens were in rough shape - which is somewhat expected this time of year for a 3 star course.  What made the experience unsatisfactory were certain staff at the course.  I don't think I'll be going back.  It's unfortunate since it's so close to home.  Oh well...  Arizona has plenty of other courses.VERY slow service at drive-up window. I remember drive-up windows used to be fast service. Paychecks are all supposed to be direct deposit nowadays I guess. I do have to say there's a very friendly lady who is usually my teller, though.I'm not sure this new company has its priorities straight. Went here to apply for a loan and they didn't acknowledge the substantial relationship and saving which more than covered the loan. The way they submitted the loan was false which caused the decline on purpose. I don't believe my friend and I will not do any business with them. There place was very nice, manager was friendly and professional even if she lacks trust of her own long standing customers. All positive reviews seem to be the last company, not this one.Tried breakfast here and was quite disappointed.  Bacon looked precooked and the hashbrowns were under done.  Try Sunrise Cafe instead.I am giving two stars mostly because the people that own and run the place are so wonderful...but sadly...and I am soo sorry..the food is horrible.  I have had breakfast and also have had dinner and it was just awful.  I do not feel bad writing this because there are plenty of people, my own family..who think this place is the bomb so pretty sure they won't lose business  The breakfast was greasy and quite frankly no where near as good as Sunrise Caf.  And dinner...bleh.  I ordered the #9, crunchy tacos.  I am pretty sure the taco shells were at least from the last millineum or were just plain cardboard.  HORRIBLE.  I had shredded beef...tasteless, not seasoned.  Frijoles were good..but you really can't ruin those, rice was dry, tasteless.  Salsa was more like taco sauce, not bad..just blended into a sauce.  No.  Never again.  Like I said..the people who own and run this place are really really good people, but I am just not a fan of the food.The place was at quarter capacity. I sat at a booth between other customers and waited while a guy cleaned and set a vacant table. I saw the waitress come out of the kitchen and visit a table. She came out one other time and visited same table. Was she also the cook? I don't know how else to explain her absence. It was probably a good five but it felt like every bit of ten minutes before I left, never to be acknowledged. None of the other four peopled tables were visited in this time, just the one that the waitress visited.The food is decent, with both a passable Mexican menu and a better "American" menu. The prices are reasonable, and the facility/location is pretty much the only decent thing about the otherwise stabby "Heritage District". The old school force is strong in this one. The service is awful, though, especially if you have no "old Maricopa" in you. The place is understaffed, and the staff often seems inconvenienced by your mere presence. We've given this place numerous chances (wanting to have a great local place to bring visitors), but been disappointed one too many times.This place has tons of potential though, if they can get their act together.We didn't ake the amtrak anywhere, but we did stop and look at their "Museum??"  By museum, I mean the one busted down train car they have sitting on the side of the road.  We had looked at prices to ride the amtrak, and I guess I don't see the benefit since it is so expensive.  Our kid was more excited watching the working trains go by every 10minutes on the active train tracks 30 yards from the "museum"Ok i put a 4 but its not a 4 when i played there.. .but i wanted to be fair. Why the course is nice and very well deserve a 4. The condition is not a 4 cos they are closing down to do reseeding very soon. So you know how bad the course is... no you don't? well let me see if i can make you understand. Its in fact the last weekend that i have play prior to closing down for reseed. no body fill up the fairway, its browning bad and the tee off makes you think you are Phil Mickelson... hell yea they don't stop. The layout is nice thought, design and build a course on a flat dessert land is tough, there is some contour to the course. Greens are awful again cos its closing. inconsistent greens, some are quick and some a snail slow. Signature hole for me? its the hole 9 PAR 5 where the tee box sits lower than the fairway. left is the range so don't get to close or else you will see lots of yellow balls. but that's not the point its hazardous cos you might be the target from the people practicing. if you have the length and height on your tee, its a very reachable 2. Water hazard guards the green so if you don't have a wet suite you might want to consider an easy 3 on. the green is oblong shape and it position the long side perpendicular to you going at it in 2. oh yea its a slightly dog leg left so if you follow the shape then you will have ample of green for a chip and run. The tee for that day was tug way left and any draw while attacking the PIN will leave the ball in the water. Will i go back and play... i would probably say YES. on a side note, the pro shop guy is a DICK, in fact most of the pro shop guys are DICK heads, they look cool and project themselves like they are the PROS, but no offence, they are just wage earners and spend most of the time around a golf course.  so pls put a smile and greet instead of cool ass look and started to argue when there is a different view point.Edited Nov 3 2013:-

Bone-that's-petite!My wife and I went to Envy for my Birthday Dinner with great expectations but left disappointed.We started with a completely flavorless onion soup and a so-so spinach salad. Skipped the appetizers and had the 'signature' bone in rib eye that again was completely flavorless. It was cooked a perfect medium but there was no flavor, no great tenderness, nothing that stood out. I had it topped Oscar style which was nice and added the only flair.My wife had the Sea Bass which was served over wild mushrooms and topped with Crab Victoria. The fish was perfect as were the mushrooms. The crab was seasoned with Thyme and Rosemary which was just awful and took away from the fish. She added the butter poached king crab which again was seasoned, this time with parsley which again took away from the clean flavor the the crab and while I have had butter poached lobster before, the crab did not taste like anything had been done other than boiling. The only high point were the sides. We shared the Creamed corn and the bacon and Gruyre mashed potatoes. Both were perfect.Service was very good as well but we will not be making a return trip.After having read the scores of good reviews me and some friends decided to give Envy a try for my 30th birthday...unfortunately nothing special ensued.  The menu read like most steakhouse menus read...which isnt bad in-and-of-itself, however, if you are going to serve everything that every other steakhouse serves, it better be good.  It really was a disappointment that it fell short. The steaks were so very ho-hum.  The chicken cooked on the salt brick lacked any sort of ingenuity.  The rack of lamb, which I ordered, just did nothing to standout.  While it was cooked well (med-rare), it was largely bland and lacked that crispiness that lamb fat gets when it is cooked well.  All of this is not to say that anything was bad...it wasnt.  The server was excellent!  He had a very good grasp of the menu and was friendly and attentive to say the least.  Having eaten at some of the other premier steakhouses in Vegas I was expecting alot, unfortunately it seems as though the bar was set too high.After much research I chose Envy for my husband and I to dine at on the only night we had free while I was on a business retreat. First the hostess got my husbands name wrong, no big deal, but when he corrected her she says, "Whatever, it doesn't matter"! We overlooked that as she was young and inexperienced. Our server was very knowledgeable about the menu items, but I felt a slight chill from him when we did not order cocktails or wine. We don't drink alcohol, enough said about that. We started with the tuna and crabmeat dynamite, which was delicious, but at $17 was miniscule and overpriced. There was a tiny bit of caviar on top, but not enough to justify the price. It was nicely presented. I ordered the bone-in filet mignon and my husband ordered the bone-in ribeye. Both were cooked perfectly, but I doubt the filet was 16 ounces with bone as indicated. For $49 I expected more than I got. Sad. The server, I felt, should have told us that the sides were enough for at least 2 people as we ordered the lobster mashed potatoes (good while hot but bad when not), the asparagus (so-so), the truffle french fries (tasty but enough to feed 6 people), and the creamed corn, which we both thought the best thing on the menu. Needless to say we could not finish any of the sides, in fact we hardly put a dent in them. I felt like the server was upselling by not telling us the portion size because we didn't order wine. I've been a server so I know about upselling, but at least I was honest with my customers! Our bill came to $185, with dessert, which was unremarkable. Overall, we were disappointed with our experience there. Too bad, because it is a beautiful, romantic setting. Most reviews I've read were 5 stars, but I can't justify it here.Really? I had to make reservations for this place? Because on a Saturday night over Labor Day, this Envy The Steakhouse was completely dead. There was one other table in there. When we left, there were maybe 5. We had a restaurant.com coupon, so thank goodness we didn't pay full price for this place, because I would've rather taken my money to Fleming's.Our waiter was this super mellow guy, and was really nice. He did pay attention to details because he knew we didn't want ice in our water and made sure he didn't accidentally pour it in when it came to refills. It's the little things.Well, the big thing was the price. We ordered the 10 oz. filet mignon to share between us for $45 and paid a $5 split plate charge. $45?? Are you kidding me?? We started with the gnocchi which had wild mushrooms and parmesan fondue, which was pretty good. We also ordered the steamed broccolini. The steak was definitely not worth the money, because the outside was cooked to a slight crisp (not a problem for me because I like a bit of char), but the inside ranged from well-cooked on the sides, to cold red center, which is not good. A well-cooked filet, ordered medium rare, is a cool pink throughout. What I also didn't like was that they cut the steak in half for us and brought it out on two plates, just because we split it. Well, it probably didn't get to cook enough since you cut the sucker open, and it got colder by the time you brought it to the table. What was good was that your entree comes with a small crock of mashed potatoes and roasted season vegetables, which was yummy. That's a nice addition, considering most steak places just give you a steak, a la carte. They had forgotten the steamed broccolini and didn't bring it out until we asked for it. We had a wine from their seven for seven list, which was pretty good for $7. The ambience was very hotel/steakhouse-like. I still felt like I was in a hotel, and I thought the decor was trying a bit hard to be on a more upscale than what it really was. At least I didn't have to dress up to eat here. They didn't balk at my track suit jacket I had with me because I was too lazy to pack anything dressy for the trip. So glad we didn't pay full price for it. It was barely worth it even with the coupon. I do not have steak ENVY.Tried Envy based on the ratings that people left.  However, came out feeling disappointed.  First off, we started with the mozzarella caprese.  This was our favorite dish with heirloom tomatoes and their balsamic vinegarette.  Next up, the seafood tower for 2.  Came with 2 King crab legs, 4 tiger prawns, 4 raw oysters, and 4 raw clams.  The entrees were truly UNexceptional.  I ordered the Pan Fried Chilean Sea Bass with crab on top which came with a mushy slimy pile of "wild" mushrooms.  Slightly undercooked and much too greasy for the Sea Bass.  My partner ordered the Rib Eye medium rare.  The outside was charred while the inside was rare-red.  In addition, there was a pool of oil in the middle of the steak.  We sent it back to get a second grilling since it was not medium rare.  The second round came back the same.  Sides included a garlic mashed potato and seasonal vegetables.  The potatos were good while the vegetables were mushy, charred, and came with sprigs of rosemary mixed in.  I ended up having to pick out the rosemary branches like fish bones as they were poking my mouth and unedible.  We also ordered the creamed corn side, which was surprisingly fresh.All in all, not worth the price.  I'd say order the appetizers and sides, but stay away from the entrees.  In addition, service was pretty shoddy.  Our waiter kept disappearing.  I do however give props to the waiter's assistant.Being in the restaurant business, I truly hate to have to give a poor review, and often I think of the owner and so I feel that if you can't say something good, say nothing.  However, our experience at Envy was so poor, in a city where choices abound, it's necessary to warn others that this is NOT a good representative choice in Las Vegas.  My husband had the lamb which was not cooked correctly - you know how it gets that weird odor when overcooked? - yup.  My steak was greasy-fatty, the mac&cheese side was greasy, salads plain and unremarkable.  It's kind of sad because we were treated to dinner by a vendor with the best intentions, but none of us had tried the restaurant and would not go back. I did have a creme brulee which was paired with an icewine, and that was quite good, but not good enough to save the meal.  I'm sorry, but one star is all this restaurant gets from us.Went here after all the great reviews.  I thought this place was mediocre compared to all the other steak places in Vegas food-wise.  The Venue is very nice and the server are very attentive.  I bought a travelzoo gift certificate and got a 3 course meal which included soup,  steak and desserts.  We also ordered some french fries and mac and cheese.  The soup was very good, rich and very tasty.  The steak I ordered was medium, but it came back cooked a little bit more than my friend liked.  We did let the manager know when he asked us if the food was good and he kind of joked that we ate the whole meal and then complained.  The appetizers were ok.  The french fries were massive and were a meal in itself.  The dessert was also average at best.  I think for ambiance the envy steak house is ok but for food people can do better in Vegas. .I though it was overpriced, the steak was good, but not great. There are plenty of great steakhouses in Vegas that are better for half the price.We had a restaurant.com coupon and went during lunch. Good thing we had the coupon because I would have been majorly PO'd. As it was it wasn't worth what we did pay either. Steaks were nothing special, tough for the cut and cooking and not well seasoned. Online menu showed no lunch menu and had the ribeye for $45 but we were informed it was really $52 after we ordered and received all our appetizers (and ya, it would have mattered ). Maybe it was because we came during lunch? Different day chefs? Maybe because we had the coupon? It shouldn't matter as consistency is important in a quality establishment.  We use the coupons to explore and find favorite new places without feeling we've wasted too much in the process if we come across duds. Due to our experience today, neither of us have any interest in going back and we visit Vegas a lot ( total bill wasn't cheap either at just under $200).Wow. Where do I even begin?I went to Envy with a co-worker and some of his friends. We got there a little late but our table was waiting for us mainly because there was a whopping 4 tables sat in the entire dining room at nearly 8pm.The service was incredibly slow, to the point where how long it would take between courses or until we even saw our server again were the running jokes throughout the meal. We waited for EVERYTHING which is astonishing considering there was no business in the venue.The food was typical steakhouse with zero flare and creativity. My ribeye was one of the thinnest cut ribeyes I have ever seen, I will say it was cooked a perfect MR which is nice to see. The side I had ordered, Mac n cheese, wasnt even brought to the table (somehow managed to get Wild Mushrooms instead).Overall.....the company around me was excellent, the decor was nice, but the restaurant itself was on the bottom end of what Las Vegas has to offer.staying here at the renaissance, so we decided to have the brunch here at ENVY...being an platinum elite member, i've been around a lot of different marriott properties, and have eaten at a lot of their on-campus restaurants. this is average at best, and service was it's down fall.i had the buffet, the food as above average, aside from the lamb from the carving station was very tough, and served without mint jelly. the oysters were watery, the crab legs was salty. but the eggs benedict was surprisingly well done for a buffet and the omelet station had a wide range of ingredients and was very fast and efficient, which is rare for a sunday at 11am. my girlfriend (who is running the rock n roll marathon this afternoon), decided not to the buffet, and ordered the grilled cheese sandwich with roasted tomato soup instead. the soup was a little cup of earthy goodness, while the grilled cheese was uninspiring. the bread was average, the cheeses was bland, and not completely melted through. it was bland. she only ate half of it...the service was slow and inattentive. after we sat down, and notifying the server that my girlfriend didn't want the brunch, would rather order from the menu, i was already to the buffet once and back before he came back to take the order. water was not refilled regularly, my mimosa was not refilled at all. we had to ask the floor manager for the check because our server was no where to be found... the unavailable service was not limited to our server, the busing of the used plates was slow (and mind you, it was a brunch buffet), and there was a period of time no one was manning the carving station, instead he was back and forth bringing food out from the kitchen.all in all? not an envious dining experience. especially for a renaissance (a supposedly boutique brand of the marriott brand).... so if you are reading this, i envy you for not have yet eaten at this place. go else where and thank me later.This is FALSE advertising re the Sunday Brunch!  This was discontinued in June 2012 and has not returned.  There is NO entertainment on Sundays either.  Wes Winters was dismissed along with the Brunch in June.Meh.. Breakfast Service seemed to be angry at each other or something. Got the job done. Prices high plating is nice but food was cool. Had the Huevos Rancheros.Went here on a Friday Night. Out waiter walked us thru the menu and suggested that I try their bone in Filet. I informed the waiter that I'd like to surf and turf my dinner. I was heading towards the lobster tail but after two minutes of the waiter explaining to me that I should get the crab legs I said sure, lets take your advice. Well I can't tell you if this was a good choice because I never received my crab legs and twice I had to send my cold coffee back hopping to get hot coffee. Overall for the price of the meal definitely didn't match the value or lack of service. I do not recommend this restaurant.Envy of who????Came here on a Friday night and no one was in the place.  Our group of six guys ordered a round of some very tasty martinis and bread was brought to the table, we had heard great things and expectations were high. We ordered lamb chops and steaks and waited about an hour and a half for them to come out.  On arrival the lamb chops were just okay and the steak found to be overcooked. Our server "Devante" or something similar was not too enthusiastic and seemed to be either new to the place or distracted, we didn't see him often and he did very little to make the experience an enjoyable one. Overall the place isn't worth the money and the trip off of the strip.  The Steakhouse in Circus Circus "of all places" is nearby and much betterFood was average. Service was horrible: waited 30 minutes for a bottle of water; forgot our side orders; couldn't accommodate any food requests; etc. MUCH rather go to another steakhouse for these prices. I would not return.I love food but can't always afford to dine out at $$$ places so when Travelzoo had a deal for ENVY Steakhouse in Las Vegas I bought one: $79 for $140 worth of food. I made reservations on opentable.com and got 1000 points for it which I can cash in towards a dining certificate which meant I saved more money. ENVY is located in the Renaissance Hotel which is right next to the Las Vegas Convention Centre.The Renaissance a non-smoking, non-gaming hotel which is amazing considering you can find slot machines literally everywhere from Laundromats to your local grocery store. There is valet parking for free and you may enter the restaurant either via the hotel lobby or by the separate street entrance located around the corner to your right from the main entrance of the hotel.To me Envy has the look and feel of a classic steakhouse with muted lighting and solid furniture. The seats are upholstered and well padded and seating consists of tables or booths. The menu reflects the same: Steak and Seafood and what I always find on menus of steakhouses: Caesar Salad, French Onion Soup and some entrees for those who want something other than steak. We started with Espresso Skirt Steak and the Peppered Calamari & Rock Shrimp. The Espresso Skirt Steak was nice. The beef was melt in your mouth tender. The hint of espresso was a little too subtle, it tasted more of the wine used in the deglazing; I could barely tell that espresso was there. The Calamari & Rock Shrimp were cooked well, tender but the sauces were a great disappointment. They tasted like they came out of a jar; one tasted like concentrated ketchup with some salt and pepper added and the other was obviously a sweet chili Thai sauce that was also out of a bottle. The portions were extremely generous. I made the mistake of not having steak at a steakhouse. I had the Grand Seafood Plateau and my companion had the Balsamic Lamb Rack.The Seafood Plateau looked magnificent and everything was fresh and well prepared but really it was just fresh seafood boiled and chilled. There were oysters, crab legs, lobster, shrimp, clams, and mussels. The clam and mussels were a little over done. The shrimp was huge jumbo shrimp and the best part of the plateau. The sauces again were terrible, the spicy cocktail sauce was the same sauce that came with the Calamari and Rock Shrimp, a mayonnaise, and there was another apple cider vinegar type sauce that really didn't add anything to the seafood so I opted to just use pepper and lemon juice. Regular price is $55, so I was glad I was using a discounted voucher. The lamb was cooked to perfection but lacked flavour. The sides were underwhelming. We had Grilled Asparagus with Dijon Glaze and Garlic Mashed Potatoes and Brussels sprouts. The portions again were huge and we could have done with just one side dish as both entrees had vegetables with them. The best was the garlic mashed potatoes. The asparagus and the glaze didn't go together and the Brussels sprouts were pretty basic.For dessert we shared the Crme brle. Presentation was nice with some berries on the side. It was good but again not the best Crme brle I've had. It was ok. Our server was pleasant and helpful and even kept a running tab so that we knew how much we had left of the $140 at the end of our meal if we wanted to use it up. Overall it was a disappointing experience for the type of restaurant it was. The food was underwhelming and perhaps business has reflected that and the reason for the travelzoo voucher promotion. I'm glad I didn't pay full price for the meal. It is not a place I would return to given the myriad of restaurants in Las Vegas.This is a very average steakhouse for the money.  I say this with having been to many excellent steakhouses around the country, but locally steakhouses that charge the same amount but are far better include: The Striphouse, Andiamo and Morton's to name a few.  I'm not trying to be hurtful in my review, but if you're going to charge these prices I expect a couple things great, flavorful food and outstanding customer service.  Neither of these were displayed.  If this had been one of my very first steakhouses I had ever been to I probably would have thought it to be ok, but when when you're in the vacation destination of the world...step it up or charge a reasonable amount for what you get.  You have competition and they are currently killing you. My husband and I ordered the Tomahawk steak for 2 ($95) and we ordered it rare (we're from the midwest and like our beef with the most flavor) along with the asparagus and lobster mac n cheese. What I didn't like: How little seasoning or flavor there was to the Tomahawk.  The tomahawk was served with asparagus (which is not noted on the menu) this would have been wonderful if the server knew what dishes came with what for the evening and then we would have tried another option. The bernaise sauce was fair, it almost tasted sour.  The service was average for an Applebee's.  We were there on a Wednesday night - it was not busy.  We waited, for everything...them to take our order, for drink refills, the check.  From the time we sat down until our food arrived at our table was 50 minutes - unacceptable.

Not a lot of food options

Ich bestelle einen Burger mit 1-2 Extra Toppings und im lauf des Abends zwei Bier. Leider habe ich dann bei der Abrechnung nicht mehr genau aufgepasst da ich fr zwei Personen bezahlte, aber beim nachrechnen zu Hause habe ich sage und schreibe 24,-EUR liegen lassen fr mein Essen! Entweder ist mir auf der Preisliste was entgangen oder die Bedienung hat sich verrechnet.

The food was sub par and the service was horrible from the start.

The shrimp was good but needed extra lemon and butter flavoring.

2) None of the menu items tasted good. Well, other than the root beer from the soda fountain. Meat was not tender, Fried shrimp was undercooked, food itself lacked flavor (-1)

4. south side steaks

-they neglected to vacuum under the seats or between the seats and console. there was still dog hair and dust between the drivers seat and console (see photo)

-giant sombrero that they make you wear while they sing the happy birthday song

Burger and fries 13.00?

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------In sum - untrained, blind monkeys, who occasionally work for a couple of minutes every hour, but whose day really consists of chasing each other around and fucking a football could do a better job at processing claims than the CSN Charleston VA office. I can now rest assured that I have driven my point across. "But why the two stars, E? Give them ZERO (one)!!!" Extra pity star since they did not take my paperwork and just shred or burnbag it, but that is not something the aforementioned disabled primates would have done either so let's not go handing out medals, citations, or coins for such 'accomplishments'. Fucking VA probably would. - EGreat subs and a soda machine with every flavor. I wish the staff was more friendly. I've been here twice now and no one greets me or even says hi. Two people were just standing around while we waited for someone to take our order. We were the only ones in line. Love fire house and always round up. Pick it up east mesa!Overpriced, decor is lousy, customer service is less than friendly.  Don't waste your time here.  Food is just 'ok'.This restaurant is CLOSED.  Too bad they didn't make it but one time we ate there, food just ok.  When they charge $2.95 to have "extra" celery put in dish, you know they are not going to make it.  Completely empty restaurant now.Walked into an empty restaurant. Now I know why. Exceedingly bland and uninspired food. To be punitive, the service was goodThis location is less crowded than others, but I don't really recommend purchasing from here. The discounts they offered were at the same price if not slightly more expensive than the prices I had found online through research. At the end, I didnt purchase my tickets through here but through groupon which was offering a real discount. All in all, their customer service was good.I got tickets to a show on the phone. I didn't pay much attention when the agent said that she'll have to read a disclosure and then started talking fast for 2 minutes, but i probably should have for my own good - because when i went to the place to pick up the tickets the guy there without much discussion, just made a copy of my credit card and saved it in his file. I discussed this with his manager later and apparently it is legal and he also assured me that the info will be kept safe and later securely shredded but i still think there are much better ways to do it. And their prices weren't much different from other full price sellers. Lets just say I'm not a fan....Three words:  Dreary.  Bleak.  Pretentious.I really don't understand what the hype is about.  I felt like I was sitting inside a warehouse, the atmosphere is austere and unwelcoming...and it didn't help that the complimentary popcorn was burned. I couldn't get out of there fast enough.Came in here on Sunday around 3 pm for their brunch which is served until 4pm. However, we were told they are not serving brunch. WOW, what a disappointment considering they are advertising it.. Oh well.. Ordered 2 flights-decent beers,  summer sausage sandwich and muffaletta sandwiches-nothing to write home about.. Overall it was just ok, nothing less nothing more..Karben4 was one of the first brew pubs my wife and I visited after moving to Madison. After our visit we started to worry that the restaurant quality throughout Madison would be this disappointing. Luckily, Madison has an amazing restaurant scene.Karben4, I have heard so many amazing things about you. Alas, I do not think I even want to be friends with you. Your beer has an amazing reputation, and you sound cool when strutting your stuff (serving your beer) at other bars. Sadly, your stuff doesn't strut around as well when it is at home wearing boxers and eating cheese product on the couch while watching reruns of Friends. I'm sorry, but you dropped the ball.Karben4 has clean, innovative graphic design that I can appreciate and a reputation to match. Unfortunately, their home facility is bleak, industrial, and could be cleaner.I understand why the beer is so appreciated around Madison and the Midwest. Sadly, they do not have the variety that I desire. If you like hoppy IPA beers, great, go drink many of Karben4's brew. The taplist is small and lacks variety for people who don't appreciate hoppy beers. Sorry, wheat and lager drinkers.My main issue with Karben4 is the service. I understand you have a small kitchen, but that is no excuse to make a table of two wait an hour and a half for a sandwich. You weren't even at half capacity! Our server was extremely rude and inattentive. We both had empty beers and water glasses after initial service, and we were not visited the entire time we waited. I had to flag the server down to ask if it would be much longer and to get more water after 60 minutes. She snapped about it not being her fault and the issue is the small kitchen. Once we had our food, we were never asked how it was or if we needed anything.The food, was below standards. Our bread was soggy and the sandwiches did nothing innovative. Meh.I was super torn on the rating I should give this place. On one hand, the beer is amazing. I have yet to have one that I didn't like. On the other hand, the service is downright bad. So I settled on 2 stars because to me, the service was more lackluster than the beer was great.My boyfriend and I came on a Friday night, and the place wasn't very busy at all. They seemed to have a good proportion of staff to customers so we had high hopes. However we sat at the bar for around 10 minutes before getting a menu from the bartender. I think she walked past us 5 times before realizing we were there. It then took another 10 or so minutes to just order beer. However once we did order, she at least brought the beer to us quickly. We decided to try the housemade pretzel with cheddar horseradish dip. It was pretty good, the pretzel was a little greasy for my taste but the mustard and cheese spread were really great. I would order it again.When it came time to get our check, it again took what seemed like an hour (probably more like 30 minutes) to get the bartenders attention. By that time there were employees sitting at the bar drinking and she was far too distracted talking to them. I like bars where the bartenders interact with the customers and that did not happen here. Not to mention she was eating popcorn with her bare hands and then serving beer to people. That's not too bad of a personal health code violation, but it was still gross. Overall we were really disappointed with our experience here. We do love the beer, but I don't think we'll return for a while. From other reviews it seems like their service is going downhill overall so hopefully they can get their act together.Nice people but my gel manicure had waves in it and only lasted 3 days. I usually get gel and it lasts me up to 3 weeks. This was the worst gel manicure quality I have ever saw. Sorry but would not go back.Three of my classmates and I went here for lunch one day after school. From earlier that week, they said they had really good food and the owner changed. I went in and I thought "Hey this place looks better now" and I started to believe my friends. The menu was reasonably priced, especially their lunch special. However, their customer service ruined my experienced. After we sat down and ordered, 10 minutes later this large group of people came in. The waitress had asked us to move to another table (its not like we had a choice) so the larger group coulld sit together and we moved quietly. This was strike number one. I've been to restaurants throughout the valley and I've never been asked to move for a group of people who did not make a reservation and came after us. If this was the case, then the waitress should be seating people instead. Personally, that group should have divided themselves if they couldn't fit within two tables. Anyways, strike number two: my friend ordered a pad thai 3 with beef and I ordered pad thai 2 with chicken. On a scale of 5, I can't handle a level 3. When our orders came out, the waitress couldn't differentiate between chicken  pad thai and beef pad thai and didn't know which dish had spicy level 2 or 3. She just assumed which dish was which and handed it to us. She did nothing to double check she gave us the right dish nor was she friendly or apologetic. Strike three: The pad thai was extremely disappointing. It is probably one of the worst ones i've ever had. I don't understand how you can mess it up. The noodles were slightly soggy, the flavor was barely there, and I could taste the spice more than I could than the traditional flavor that should be in a pad thai. Needless to say, I don't intend on coming back until they change their customer service. I would rather pay the price and drive some where farther for a knowledgable staff and consistently great food. The only reason why I am giving it a two star is because the prices are reasonable and I am hoping for future improvements.WARNING: if you are a "needy" guest, avoid this place. I watched other guests try to modify food with a lot of resistance. Also, your drinks will run bone dry. Service is non existent. My first impression of this place wasn't great. I stood by the counter in the back without being greeted for about 5 minutes while the cashier argued with a guest who wanted more sauce while a server just stood behind her. I picked up a menu and asked to seat myself. A few moments later, I ordered a lunch special. Shrimp Pad Thai spice level 5 and a coke. That is the last time she spoke to me. I eventually asked someone else for a glass of water, and she dropped the check while I was in the middle of my meal and still had a menu on the table without asking if I wanted anything else (I wanted a Thai tea to go but left without it). The food was decent, I've had better but the price points here were good (especially at lunch) and its right across the street from Unlv are right on point for me. Would I go back? Maybe for to-go.I ordered a spicy chicken basil and the food's presentation looks pretty bad... (kindda like dog food) and my friend ordered a chicken pad thai and it was sour. I asked for brown rice and they serve me white rice and took another 15 minutes to bring my order back with brown rice. The service was dedinitely not up to par. Had to repeatedly ask for a glass of water which it eventually arrived after 10 minutes. I don't know why they got decent reviews when they're really not good at all. If you want good Thai food go try Pin Kaow.I saw all the great reviews and wanted to try this place for takeout! The delivery service was very prompt but the food... The pad kee mao and the chicken sate were both over cooked beyond belief! I've tried two other Thai restaurants in the area and unfortunately this has been my least desired experience. I plan on giving them one more shot by dinning in the restaurant but until then.Decent pad thai. They had their kids in the restaurant and they were loud.This restaurant has a nice setting, but my dish wasn't that great. I asked my server to get me sriracha and he comes with a small plate of something that tasted like buffalo wing sauce. I told him I like my pad Thai spicy and he brought over a tray of spices. One of which I was looking for. Service could have been better but food could have been way better. No lunch specials on the weekends which SUCK."Meh. I've experienced better." is completely true. I think I learned a lesson to 1) Only order off the lunch menu and 2) Only order take-out. I came in for a study break seeking comfort in green curry. I always order the same thing: green curry with chicken. Most Thai restaurants have their own variations (addition/subtraction of vegetables) and most always have the same flavors and textures. I'm definitely not picky, and mostly leave happy with a belly full of green curry. Chao Thai's green curry (which isn't on the lunch special, no big deal) is watery as ever and served with only egg plant and bamboo shoots. If it were watery and the flavors were still alive, I'd have been satisfied, but it was the blandest curry I have had... bland curry seems to be a paradox. I don't know if they ran out of green bell pepper, or consciously meant to cut uncooked jalapeo to look like green bell pepper, but it did not fool me for a second!! Ordering a spice of 2/5 I'm not really sure why raw jalapeos made it in the dish. The rice they serve with the curry is laughable especially with how watery it is. On top of my sadness from the great reviews from Yelp and my poor curry, the waitress hated my existence. She hated that I was there and that I thanked her, she hated that I paid, and hated that I left. Bad days do occur, so maybe I caught her on one. To end on a good note, similar price point to other restaurants and pretty tasty Thai Iced Coffee!Pretty MEH.Did take out with this spot tonight. Got their Rangoons, jerky and spicy duck basil.I have arrived home, and to my surprise, the rangoons are still somewhat crispy. They are creamy, and delicious. The sauce that comes with it is a little sweet... but it doesnt kill the taste of the filling.The thai jerky didnt really have much flavor. I know its jerky... but it was pretty tough, dry and kind of flavorless. The sauce that came with it almost reminded me of a buffalo sauce....and almost made it worse.Now, for my entre. When i order something that has SPICY in its name.... i expect it to be....you know.... Spicy.Nothing in this dish was spicy. I dont even think theres black pepper in the sauce....which tasted like soy sauce and maple syrup. The duck was kind of oddly cooked.... with some pieces being decently tender... and others feelings like i was chewing on a strand of yarn. Overall, if i had to do it again... i would just have a dinner of rangoons.The food is fresh and the lunch specials are cheap which is the plus side. The negative side is I ordered the basil chicken and their "medium" spicy is on a whole different level and trust me I love spicy food. But this was killing me I couldn't even bite into it I was practically just swallowing the food. I told the server this and she was like " oh sorry".  And on top of that they hardly put any chicken. Like 5%chicken and 95% beans.  my dish was practically overly spicy green beans and steamed rice. Not too sure if I would return.Went here two weeks ago with my friend since we had a break from classes. I ordered the beef larb salad and my friend ordered the pad Thai. Both our dishes tasted awful and we didn't even finish it. Larb salad had way too much mint and the most disgusting after taste. I've had Thai food plenty of times, as well as authentic Thai food in Thailand. Maybe it was an off day \_()_/.Should of checked my delivery, shorted my shrimp rolls. They are closed today so can't get it resolved. Pad se ew was good, orange chicken a little greasyWish they'd update their hours. I went in this morning to try to get my car washed and detailed, and there was nobody there.The full detail is not worth getting at this carwash. The surface of the car still feels gritty and rough after the detail. This is my second time going to this car wash. The first time I paid $50.00 for a hand wax which was outstanding. This last visit has me looking for a new detail location. If all you need is a car wash they do a GREAT job.All around the inside smelled great but after looking closer my back cup holder wasn't cleaned nor were the floors in the backseat. Inside windows were not done but couldn't be seen until after driving a bit since I have tinted windows. Seats were vacuumed however it seemed like a rushed job.I rarely write restaurant reviews, but as I did not even remember going two days ago, I thought it was worth writing something about it. My partner and I went on Friday, April 19, 2013 to Bistro Sawadika.Don't get me wrong, the food was good, which is why we gave it two stars. The fact that the service was so fast made us uncomfortable, to the point that we even thought we were in a take-out place. That means, we were seated at 19h05 and were out of the restaurant by 20h10. We had appetizers and a principal meal. The waitress brought us the bill two minutes after we finished our main dish, which did not even give us the opportunity to decide if we wanted desert. It was pricey for the small portions we got. If you're looking for something cheaper with a way better atmosphere, there is show wok on ste catherine or a great vietnamese restaurant corner saint-denis and jean talon, depending on the area where you want to go.I would avoid Sawadika, we swore to ourselves that we would never go back there again do to poor service and overall experience. ps. The term bistro is misused. It should be called a restaurant or something.Hi,

After finally having a server come to my table and take my order, she brought my coffee and water. I noticed the silver ware was dirty. REALLY sorry. There was something on the spoon that looked like it came from the previous patrons. GROSS!

View great

I had a southwest grilled chicken salad and while it sounded great on the menu... it didn't excite me when I saw it nor when I ate it.  Pretty standard fare.  It's not bad... but it's not great.  And since there are lots of options in that area... I'd probably opt to go elsewhere.

Everything tasted amazing especially the french fries;) sooo good I recommend!!

    -My girlfriend couldn't resist, even though I warned her.

- Friendly and personable staff.

not Pure but still.......This was a bad idea. Maybe if I wasn't wasted the whole time in vegas i would have realized this was a lounge and not a club. there was no dance floor so you have to pretty much get down in a walkway or isle. I saw probably the most grotesque woman ever dancing on a table. i think the only good thing about this is that i was staying at the MGM so if i wanted to lower my standards i could probably take a skag up to my room in a matter of minutes.Was placed on the guest line earlier in the day by this girl who stood before the doors to the pool of MGM. The three of us got there around 11.30pm and since it was under my name I went up to the guy with the list and without even looking up he told me to stand in line!! We stood in line which was pretty short. Finally my friend asked him what the point was of being placed on the guest list and he was like "o i thought i recognized u and u were here the day before" like that makes a difference and we should pay this time? if she didn't ask we would have to pay to get in.The drinks were decently priced.The music was pretty good.

x UNI TO IKURA (sea urchin, salmon roe, hokkaido sea scallops, shiitake mushroom, kabocha, yuzu kosho) - ughhhhhhhh, the uni did not taste fresh AT ALL. The scallops were fishy and the best part of this was the puree... presentation was great, but the flavors were TERRIBLE. None of the ingredients complimented each other, nor did they work in ANY way.

Leider ist es in allen Zimmern zur Strae extrem laut, zumindest bei offenem Fenster.

   first off whoever works the shift in which it will take me 5 min to complete this paragraph, needs to learn to listen, and you may be more affective at your duty. ya forgot the lemon slices, ya could a just sent a whole one, line would a even worked. on top of that, you hid the 3 capers under the tomato. my, n u were being quite funny and rushy. even had the person i sent chuckling... until back in my presence only to enjoy their bagel, while i have a 45 min wait for a friggn lime slice that will cost $1.50.  next x, quit trying to be a no it all n make my damned bagel right ! too simple, now caper that! Thanks for the 'Neva-lox'. Least they got the BAGEL RIGHT.Do nothing entitled young employees says it all. Kid with expanded earlobes acts like I'm pestering him to take my order and tell me what sides I gave. Tatted girl on her phone by register grumbles "he takes your money" while barely looking at me. The register situation always trips me out whoever put that system in created giant in efficiency. I let the smaller girl with glasses and koolaid red die job know someone put ice in their coffee and it blew up all over the place. She looked at me like I was crazy and walked to where they give you your food and totally ignored me. I sat and ate my sandwich and nothing was done. This would explain the overall decline of this store since its opened. If these kids don't want to work there they should quit instead of wasting the companies money and disrespecting the brand by being dirty. Einstein's is paying you.Went here for lunch had an Italian chicken paninni and my friend had the spinach artichoke bagel ,its very expensive the food was microwave  and the employees were like robotsDunkin Donuts quality food here.  Microwaved egg sandwiches.  Took 15 minutes to get my food.  Not impressed.i purchaseder service is very helpful. I havent contacted them about ths third coat yet, but i will today. my last coat purchased from the website, they let me return it eventhought it was worn because it is not my fault that they have poor sewing quality.

-Warm bread pudding with creme anglaise sauce

after we paid the front...we were told to wait outside...even though the inside was clearily EMTPY?!?!?!?!

Carne asada tacos.....never come to a $50 buffet for tacos you can go else where, but the tacos were ok.

Das Essen

Be serving this place. He was rude and just grumpy. I love what the previous person, the owner should not be in the building! The food was excellent though, ill be back.Yea, the curry and naan were good, but way overpriced for the dishes. Service was also slow.Cute restaurant, food mediocre and not authentic.I guess this place caters to gringo palates. We ordered samosas which were pretty good. the naan was a bit lacking in flavor. Myself and a companion who were familiar with Indian cuisine ordered the matar paneer and vegetable kofta. Food wasn't bad, but lacking in spice and deep traditional indian flavor. This was disappointing as we had specifically requested that our food be very spicy. The rest of our party ordered lamb korma and chicken tikka masala and were generally pleased as they liked their food on the milder side.The owner (who acted as our waiter) was stingy with the rice. He brought us one bowl for five people and gaped at us when we asked for more, mid dinner service. Not that we were being greedy, but this was like the size of a cereal bowl. (when most indian restaurants will give you a serving bowl) He then proceeded to bring us  half a cereal bowl full of rice then said, "ok guys this is all we have." --REALLY.He then paced around the restaurant then glared at us until we left.

I was excited to come here, my parents spoke highly of it and people really seemed to like the Mac and Cheese here. I'm sorry to say that I was disappointed with the food I got.First off, skip the world famous split pea soup.. there is nothing great about it. I got the filet minon with the Gorgonzola cheese on top. It sounded good, however I found it was over powering and I ended up scraping it off. I should of just gone with it grilled normally. The Mac and Cheese was o.k.... still many levels below the Mac and Cheese you get at Del Friscos.

-Refried beans- also pretty unexciting, but since they were the most edible thing on my plate much of it was eaten

c) Tickets were not refilled in some of the machines

He said to order the Soups... they're especially good from what he said!Very disappointed with the claim jumper.  The food wasn't hot, the service was .. blech and it was just disappointing for the amount of money spent.  I would never go to this location again.We used to come here alot when it first opened , then the novelty wore out .

* DARK CHOCOLATE PECAN TART BOURBON SAUCE

I will probably eat here again - as there aren't a whole lot of options for gyros so close to home. I'll just remind myself it's for a decent meal for $10, not for the people or service.I should have read the reviews before ordering but in my defense I was pretty drunk.Let me also mention that I LOVE pizza.. and food.. especially when intoxicated.. so it is very hard for me to not like anything pizza involved.We ordered on a Saturday so I knew the wait time was going to be pretty lengthy. After an hour of waiting I called to check on the order and the girl who answered the phone was extremely rude. She barked at me that the order was in transit and then hung up! It really isn't my fault that you are working late on a Saturday night... but that's none of my business...Anywho.. Another 20 mins go by and I finally get a call from the driver saying he is lost... After an hour and a half we finally get our cold food... sweet! The food... *cringes*.. the pizza was barely edible. It had such a weird taste I can't really describe it. The mozzarella sticks were under-cooked. My friend who had way too much wine who was passed out when the food got there.. woke up after smelling food.. took one bite of the pizza and spit it out and yelled what is this?!!I think you catch my driftJust about the most unfriendly government employees next to the MVD. I totally agree with Greg on the inconvenience issue. I had a return package to China and was told one thing and when I returned, a different lady told me something entirely different.I do not appreciate rude employees and bad customer service, but at least I get to let it out on YELP!!I have been "told off" for bringing in international packages.  Twice now, the cashier has yelled out to everyone in the line waiting behind me that because I brought in some packages that need to be sent off overseas, they all have to wait longer!  Wait, what?  I thought I was paying you for a service.Most of the employees here are extremely slow at entering information.  Twice in the middle of a transaction their computers have shut down....and they had to re-enter EVERYTHING all over again.  Oh and once their Credit Card machine failed at the end of a transaction...all they could do was ask me to pay cash for it.  Yes, the air conditioning system seemed not to be working a few times during the summer, which makes standing in line for 30-40 minutes unbearable.  I will say it is convenient because it is right off the 101 and Cave Creek.  They do have a couple really nice and competent employees too, but that is about it.Don't go here if you have software issues. Although nice and courteous, He only helped with half of my computers problem, and pretty much refused to help with re-downloading my Photo Shop once he wiped my computer. Photo Shop was why I took my computer in, in the first place (photo shop stopped working). He said he didn't know "these kinds of things" and I should call the manufacturer (the name of this place is geeks and clicks right?)...after I paid him $95 to wipe my computer and give me what he called "a bran new computer" and after promising me he would get it back to normal. It wasn't. I am left with a "bran new computer", giving me download errors on a program that is the sole purpose of my computer. For some reason he can no longer help me with it. Great job half done.This place is horrible! I ended up waiting for 20 mins after I called it in 30mins before.  I get there and the name was completely  wrong, the pizza is over seasoned and the employees seem miserable.  Can't expect to much I guess from a Domino's...Where to begin another high end steak house in Las Vegas is like adding insult to injury. Staying at Caesars Place for a Work conference, and after having some finger food at the corporate event 3 of us decided to head for a real meal just off the Casino at the recently opened Old Homestead of sister fame NYC / AC.  I have dinned in both Atlantic City and New York and both have been exceptional. With so many choices for me here, I was reluctant but excited to get that Steak they have become so accustomed to delivering. OK checked into the hotel went to the concierge and asked that he make us a reservation for 4 for 8:45PM they tell me 9PM no problem. He will call me if there is an issue, I tip him and off I go to my conferences and social events. 8:45 arrive to the restaurant and no reservation can be found, under no name.  Strike 1.  The girl is apologetic but nothing she can do for me it's simply not there. She says give me a few I'll see what I can do.  Lucky to find a high top bar table round barely big enough for 3 but we put 4 here rather than wait for a dining table that could be 45 minutes or so.  Waiter was good and took our drink orders, and brought some fresh bread with some pretzel sticks in it. Pretty good and enjoyable. Order of Onion rings were ordered for an appetizer along with two salads. Vine Ripened tomatoes & red onions and INE RIPENED TOMATO AND HOMESTEAD CHOPPED 12TOMATO, ONION, MUSHROOM, PEPPERS, HARICOT VERTS, BLACKOLIVES, CRUMBLED BLUE CHEESE AND BASIL VINAIGRETTE Large portions on the salads easily split able and the onion rings were ok "$12.00" but nothing you can't find at a good sports bar.  Salads were very good and by far the best thing all night.Dinner is served:  New York Strip $54.00 "Charred Medium Rare"  No char and although this was one tender cut of meat it had absolutely no flavor whatsoever? Where was the dry rub? Sea salt? simply non descript but certainly not a bad piece of meat just tasteless.  The filet didn't fare much better 10 Oz $48.00 again Medium rare and filet not having much flavor to begin with was also lacking something.  The Rib Eye Gotham Cut on the bone $54.00 22 Oz was the best of the 3 but there was entirely too much bone vs. meat and not a $54.00 cut of steak.What really was a disaster were the two side dishes $12.00 each Garlic Mashed potatoes were like MUSH. They were flat, tasteless and runny a complete and utter embarrassment.  The Sauteed mushrooms $12.00 were like something found in your backyard that you decided to throw in a pan with some olive oil and saut real quick. Another complete and utter cluster ****.  No Deserts were wanted or tried.  I am trying to objective here but for the price points you simply can't have tasteless steaks regardless of the quality and presentation and the disaster side dishes put this on the not ever again list for me at least not in Vegas.  Del Frisco's and the Palm for that matter 100 yards down on the left in the forum shops are much better dining options.   El Paso for this traveler.Uninspired and bland. Entire table thought this and the manager wouldn't even come to our table to discuss. For the money there are MUCH better steakhouses in vegas. Try somewhere else.Well, you know a fancy decor and a great staff does not make up for crappy food.  Now before I slam the food, let me say that the staff was great.  They were very knowledgeable of the menu and did everything right.  My $65 steak came out and it looked like I burnt it.  I had to get some dipping sauce it was sooo dry.  I had the wild mushrooms which were good and the parmesan bread sticks were also very good.  If I had come for that I would rate this place 5 stars.  I would not waste my time or my money here again.  I will keep looking for a good steak house that I do not need a loan to eat at, total bill $135.  :(I will say, I left disappointed for the msot partThere were positives, but not as many as I would have liked considering the reputation and priceNow, I know it is a 'Famous' name. I know it is Vegas, and in Caesars. But....I was in Vegas for work, and ha da vendor bring me and a few others out to dinner (8 of us total)The best part of the dinner, was the company and conversation, not the dinner.Appetizers I will say were top notch. Four types of bread including pretzels, jumbo shrimp the size of lobster tails, and thick cut grille bacon. yumThe steak? Well, I could have bought a $160 steak... but 'settled' for the cheap $62 stripWe got a few 'family style' sides (asparagus, gnocci and tater tots). AS mentioned in my review of Abe and Louies, I like family style sides... but....So the steak. Wasnt bad, was cooked well, but nothing special. Really, the taste didnt jump out. didnt taste any better than a $20 steak at a 'lesser' restaurant. This was disappointing, as I when I have had steaks at other 'high end' steakhouses, you can TASTE the differenceThe 'family style' sides cam eout, tiny. I think 8 strips of asparagus for four people, and the tatertots (which tasted the same as frozen grocery store ones) came in a cone like you would get french fries in at a lot of other places. I was shocked at how small the 'family style' sides wereAll in all, it wasnt horrible... but when with a round of drinks, you run up a bill of $1300 for 8 people, you expect a LOT more

The room was nice and had a flat screen tv in the main room and in the bathroom (not that I used it).Good sound insulating walls - doors are a little less good. I changed rooms here - the first room had great sound insulation - the connecting that I got moved to had noise coming through the door when the woman next door was talking on her conference call one morning,

black truffle mac and cheese - I've had better out of a box

The dishes were bland, the meat was chewy and the fried foods tasted like d oil when cooking?  Definitely not worth my time anymore!Ok Chinese food.. It's bland .. They have good lunch specials if you like this place.. Just too bland for me .. Only thing I like here are the Singapore noodles .. Other than that it falls short :(I have given this place many chances and I'm sorry but it not good at all. There's is nothing I eat on the menu that keeps me coming back. I hate go bash a restaurant because they are nice and hard workers but there just isn't good, in my opinionThe food was hot. Order delivered within an hour. However the food sucked!  well not all of it the soup was ok. But that was the one thing that wasnt really hot. General tso chicken had an overly sweet red sauce that seem to come out of a can. The food looked like something from dirty dining.  Such a waste of money. Gave two-star due to the fast delivery and hot food. Taste gets no star.  Absolutely the worst i have had from this place. The food get worst and worst.  I knew i should of just got mcdonalds.  The food was so bad i want my money back. Your better off going to panda express.Too much fish sauce...too much spice.  I am a lover of spicy foods (trust me), but when it comes to the spice overcoming the flavor of the food it becomes a disappointment.  This sentiment also goes for the tremendous amount of fish sauce in their dishes.  When the flavor and smell of the fish sauce permeates throughout the dish, you may as well drink it.This particular Subway is a flip of the coin. Sometimes you get great service and a great product, other times it can be the worst service you've ever experienced! I live very close to this location so we go there pretty often, however after our last experience my husband doesn't want to eat there anymore. We went in together on Sunday, March 3rd, 2013 around 5:30 pm. There were 3 people working behind the counter and the place really wasn't that busy (and it's usually pretty steady). I noticed that the area where the meats and veggies are kept was a really messy (unusual) and they were completely out of a couple of items. I only get a spinach salad and they were out of spinach (?). Anyway, one of the girls who was preparing my husbands sandwich was literally, and I do mean LITERALLY throwing his items on the sandwich. She was spraying the dressings everywhere, which I guess explains why the prep area was so messy! When my husband made a comment about her throwing the food around, she just looked at him and snickered and went back to throwing the food. Then one of the other girls started arguing with the guy at the register saying her shift was over and she needed to clock out of the register. He said there was some sort of prep work that needed to be done and she replied "sorry, not my job" to which he replied "everything here is your job" and they proceeded to have a full blown argument right in front of me and my husband! SOOOO unprofessional! So anyway, now that my husband refuses to go back to this Subway I think we are going to try another sub place that's further away but has really good reviews on Yelp. Sorry Subway, but some of your workers are just ruining your business!it really depends on whos working, when the older ppl are its better. All I know is I was really disturbed by the blond girl making our food who had a shirt 3 sizes to small so her stomach was showing (is the mandatory now a days?) I dont know if maybe the teen boy she was talking to who was sitting behind me at the table while i was standing in front of her ordering had spooged on her stomach last night? And ya she was like "I'll text u later", I almost thought she was talking to me but in fact she was looking thru me talking to him. AND YES, THEY ARE NOT OPEN 24 HOURS ANY LONGER which is a shame, but lets face it, this area is dead.When it's good it's great, but when they forget my Gordita crunch multiple times and then an incredibly skimpy filled shell it's time to say something! Previously managing a Taco Bell, it's a 3finger pinch of lettuce in my taco not 3 shreds of lettuce. So disappointing, and tired of the consistent fails. No longer a location I'll be utilizing the drive through.This might be a great place for breakfast but the lunch was very questionable. Much like like John V. I too was wandering around in the area and saw the two restaurants...and I also chose the less busy. Oops. The menu looks great...lots of fresh fruit salads and breakfast options, but this was lunchtime so I went with the chicken soft taco combo. It reminded me of nothing more than what I would get at a Fillibertos...but twice the price. The combo came with rice and beans (drink was separate) and my total was $10.38. Being a block away from Baja Fresh I doubt I will ever go back for lunch...but I'm giving it two stars for the potential of a great chorizo burrito.I had jury duty today, so I was in the downtown area. Lucky for me, my sister happens to work downtown and was able to meet me during my lunch break. Unlucky for me, we decided to try out a place one of her coworkers recommended, and it was less than exciting. First of all, the menu is all over the place, they call themselves a Mexican grill (although they are more similar to a Filiberto's), but then they have a whole menu of deli sandwiches, not tortas, but deli sandwiches like BLT's. They also have chicken wings??? We wanted Mexican food, so we went with the shrimp tacos and the carnita taco special. Both came with 3 tacos, rice and beans, and at $8 a plate, I wouldn't really call this a good deal, especially since chips and salsa were an additional $1.99! My sister's shrimp tacos were just that, shrimp in tortillas....no toppings...no sauce....no flavor! My tacos were unappealing at first sight. I love carnitas, but I like the shredded kind, these were little chunks of pork, but upon first glance, I saw more chunks of fat than pork.....gag! These were topped with some chopped onion and cilantro, but I couldn't even bring myself to taste them. At that moment I was wishing that I had ordered the nachos, even though they use a processed cheese sauce rather than shredded cheese (why oh why?!). I did eat the beans, which were actaully quite good, they were creamy and not greasy. I didn't try the rice, but my sister said it was good; simply just white rice with peas and some seasoning. I ended up ordering a cheese quesadilla, because I knew I needed to eat something more than beans before heading back to jury duty, and it is was a pretty good; but it is not like a tortilla plus cheese takes much skill! I think this place needs to figure out what they want their identity to be....then tweak a few things on the menu.I was looking forward to a feast, but even with the $50 coupon, it was a big let-down. There wasn't a Greek soul IN the place--flies were buzzing everywhere, my lamb soulaki was overdone, my side dishes were exactly the same as my husband's, and he was supposed to be having a gyro platter--with none of the appropriate sides to a gyro. His meat was stone cold. Everything was very UNseasoned. The only good part was the calamari, but the dips for the calamari were more like salsa or ranch dips--I began to think I was in a Mexican joint instead of a 'Greek" place--everyone running the place was Mexican. Maybe the chain was originally started and run by Greeks, and the name says Greek, but it had no other connection, having probably sold out to Mexicans years ago....even the wine was lousy.

My husband had the carne asada burrito and he said it was good, not great.... probably can't talk him into trying it again because of the huge options of Mexican food here in Vegas.I had already gotten an eye exam at a different ClearVision in town, so I came in just to get new glasses. There was only one person at the office when I came in and she was very helpful when I told her I usually have problems with glasses sliding down the bridge of my nose. After she advised me that my first choice would not be a good fit due to its lens placement and my face shape, which I greatly appreciated, I eventually picked a different frame. She was very patient with adjusting the frames, ensuring that it would not slide down my nose. An hour after I came in, I left, very satisfied with my experience. I left town shortly after, so I had a family member pick up my glasses and ship it to me.However, upon receiving my new glasses, I quickly realized it was not the glasses I choose. I called the office and, while the woman that answered the phone was pleasant during our two phone calls, I was told that there was ultimately nothing they could do for me. So now I'm stuck with $600 glasses that yes, do slide down my nose.Brand new store.  Just opened.  It's Microsoft's answer to the Apple Store.  However, I didn't notice anything resembling a "Genius Bar" (though the place was so crowded I could have missed it).Basically just lots of Microsoft products for sale.  You could get them all at Amazon easier, and probably cheaper.  Without a service bar of some sort I don't really see the point.  I was able to see a Surface Type Cover on my smartphone for 25% less than they had in this store (and, in fact, I ordered one...saved $30 compared to this store).If they have a service bar then add one star.  Otherwise, just go to Amazon and order what you want.there is wifi but it basically never works. service is either pretty good (usually in the morning) or pretty bad (afternoon/evening). Food is cheap but tastes cheap.I came here once when they first opened. I got a mango smoothie and my boyfriend got a protein bowl. My smoothie was really good, but it was over $5 for a small. The bowl though, wasn't that good. He had 4 veggies, hummus as the protein, and I forgot what else. All I remember was the hummus coming in this small sauce container. Disappointing. So then I never went back, until a couple days ago. I finished my workout and thought I'll eat something healthy...ah, what about fresh healthy cafe? That sounds healthy, and if I just put the ingredients I like into my bowl, it'd be good! So I drove over and got the protein bowl w/ chicken breast, black beans, spinach, kale, and chickpeas. Well, black olives ended up in my bowl, which I do not like at all. So I went back to the girl and she picked it up and gave me black beans. She was apologetic and I'm fine. I kept eating, and saw a piece of chicken breast had pink stuff all over it. So I set that aside and found a piece that didn't. I bit into it and it had those chicken veins in it still and it just did not taste like chicken breast. It's like those cheap "chicken breast strips" you get in the frozen aisle. So, with that said.....I'm not spending my money here anymore.So we love fresh juices, especially green juice. We came to this place at 9:08 PM. The lady says they took apart the juicer and can't put it back together. Sad because I'm sure this place is good if it wasn't for lazy workers. Just sayin. Shouldn't break stuff down early and keep your doors open at the same time.We ordered tacos, fajitas, chicken wings and fries. Like many of the reviews state, the decor is shabby. But, I was hopeful that the food would be really good. This was not the case. The food is okay. The prices are good. The service was bad. The food: The tacos are fine. I ordered them because of the Yelp reviews raving about them. They're not all that. The fajitas meat was more tender. The chicken wings were good but the fries were chunky (which is ok), overly salty (not ok) and worse, cold (really not ok). The service: there was only one employee working the cash register and she was inexperienced and inattentive. We had to ask for everything: our drinks, ketchup, the sides that I asked to come before the food but didn't, salsa, etc. What's worse is we were the only customers. They're a small business and I wish I could say that I'd go back, but I won't. The food can't make up for horrible service.The best part about this place was the nice maintenance people who I actually had to see often! The area of Henderson is beautiful and convenient to a lot of stores.

Takes off the 1 1/2 slices of mortadella, finally.I finally get close to the sandwich I want with Lettuce, tomato and onion.  but no extra meat.

 This was not posted on the menu, doors or anywhere in the building.I guess I'm one in a million because I didn't care for Dr. Sawyer during our last appointments together. I've decided not to use him to deliver our baby after meeting with him 3 times.  It's interesting none of these reviews mention how conservative and stiff he is, but I found that out on my own.  Yes, his nurses and staff are very nice though.

1. Taste of some items were great but dragged down by others

I was going to let it go, but when the hostess girl came around and asked how everything was I decided to mention it to her. I was pleasant about it and just let her know it was a little upsetting. She literally looked at me and walked off saying nothing.Not the best service or experience.

- If you are a sports fan, they have 2 TVs and were showing different NFL games when we went there (Sunday lunchtime)

Maybe for their job at the Verizon kiosk in the mall,but not for a ride or night out in a badass biker bar.

Food still decent.PROS:

(2) Gets slightly better gas mileage than truck based RVs.

+ 4 Stars - based on previous experiences.

I have been in the valley since 84, I honestly don't think the drive to the pit of Phoenix is worth it.Maybe it was a bad day.Does the old idea that quantity surpasses quality ring true here? You bet. Tropical Smoothie is about last on my list of good smoothie places in Las Vegas, however with so many locations, its hard to go anywhere else! Why drive 20 minutes to get a kick-ass smoothie, when you can walk 5 to get a mediocre one. This place annoys me.First off, the smoothies and sandwiches are second rate. Its a fast food joint disguised as a 'healthy alternative'.The smoothies are glorified 'flavored-ice'. Yes they use real fruits, but load heavily on the sweetener / sugar yet completely skimping on flavor. How is this possible? Most importantly, why is each smoothie the price of a dinner meal? The food is served with ZERO care, in Taco Bell style presentation. Slopped ingredients wrapped in bread, wrapped in foil. Next time you order a sandwich from this place, take a moment to open up your sandwich. Then open up your wallet. Do a side by side comparison. Both empty. Secondly, why, why, why is there only TWO sizes of smoothie? Way too big, and way too tiny. If you are concerned with your diet, why order a 'big-gulp' sized smoothie with more sugar than tub a of ice cream?Tropical Smoothie should take notes from some of the smaller shops in town and give their costumers something worth their money! Unfortunately the general public is blinded by their convenience enough to not care about quality. Big tropical bummer.This location is clean and service is always pretty quick, however the customer service is pretty bad. In particular, there is a young girl with braces and dark hair that I always see texting, hear gossiping and see just standing around. Today she actually sat down in the customer eating area with a guy and yelled "can I leave now?" And another girl said back "in ten minutes." I just find that unprofessional and hope that this girl (who also was not wearing a name tag" will get proper discipline and actually work the next time I go in there.This place used to be amazing! Great staff, good food.,, now it's VERY hot and miss.. Mostly on the miss side. Tonight was my final straw. On more than one occasion I've gotten smoothies missing ingredients, tasting like pure protein, or way too thick. Maybe it would be a small thing since they remake them (usually after saying it's my fault for not understanding what I've ordered), but it takes them forever to make them. I'd rather drive 10 mins to Jamba Juice!!The smoothies are GREAT! Sadly waiting over 10 minutes to order a smoothie at 2 in the afternoon seems like terrible staffing planning to me. If you have anywhere to be I wouldn't bother. It took me 20 minutes to get A single smoothie with three people in line in front of me. Meanwhile five people got their order before I did so I'm a little confused by that. This is the first time I have reviewed this location but the fifth time I have been here. I wouldn't have posted the review if this was the first time it's kind of frustrating to have a large portion of your lunch time wasted on something that should not exceed 10 minutes.I love tropical smoothie! I used to work at one so I'm familiar with the way they make the food and the smoothies. That being said this particular location is one of the worst that I have ever been to. It is always dirty the floors are filthy, the trash is always over flowing and the tables are always sticky and gross. The staff is usually semi friendly but they never have any of the chips stocked in the front they use too much sugar in the smoothies even if you ask for half the amount since I know they use like a half cup of sugar in the normal smoothies if you don't say something. The food is ok they often over toast the bread on the sandwiches and the veggies they use for the food seems old sometimes. It's really hit or miss on the food. My rating has to do with how unkempt this location is kept and the quality of food they serve. I wish this location would shape up, but until then I will stay away.I waited for 20 minutes for two smoothies and how is it that others that were 2 behind me got theirs before I did?  Thank goodness my girlfriend wasn't there!  I'm never one to complain but this is like the 3rd time I've had to wait for my order!   The kid back behind the counter must have been new because he stared at the blender for 2 minutes, made the smoothie, smelled it and stared at it and put it back on the blender.  Customer service has always been great at every TS location I've been to, so I think I'll drive a little out of my way.   Sorry guys!I went here for the first time for a Rocking Raspberry with Whey and was utterly dissatisfied. Service was good but the smoothie was bitter and not up to par with what I usually get at other locations.Usually I am satisfied with this location of TS, but I'm writing this after being very displeased with my online order. I came into the cafe to find that my order wasn't made because only mangers get alerted of online orders; no managers were present. No apology from the supervisor that ignored talking to me, nor from the cashier. I did receive one from the lady that made my drink. Drink was good, online option to order was not.Service is lacking here. One girl was welcoming and asked if I had any questions. Then a male cashier a second later asks me if I'm ready when I just said to the two of them I was gonna check out the menu. I ordered, then asked if I can pay with $100 bill. He promptly said no and I handed him my debit card. He swiped it once, then again but with the strip covered with receipt paper, then handed me back my card saying no it's not working. I asked him if it was being declined and he said it wasn't reading. If it was the magnetic strip can't you enter in the number manually like every other place? I asked him to try it again and it went through... And he responded with " it's your lucky day" wtf? I think it was the cook who came out to bring my food. He called it out and when I went to get it, I said thank you. He didn't even look at me but instead stood at the counter and asked the two booths how they were doing. The buffalo chicken wrap was decent.Staff is friendly but overwhelmed.  It took 20 minutes for 2 smoothies and 2 sandwiches and that's after waiting 10 minutes in line.  One of the smoothies was made wrong and they were very apologetic and made a new one for us, awesome!!  It's a shame that the experience was ruined by the lack of support from management.  These kids working here are set up to fail.So, I've been to several Tropical Smoothies around town and this is the worst one I've seen though I normally like them pretty well. The employees were reasonably helpful and the girl in the back was really nice but j don't think I ever got so much as a smile from the girl at the register. I ordered a Thai chicken wrap which comes with a side so I chose the fruit medley (I think that's what they called it) which said it was house made. I also asked for a water, thinking that like most restaurants I could just have a cup of water. The cashier wanted to charge me for a bottle of water and I told her no I would just take some water from the fountain and she basically scoffed and me and acted like I was stupid but gave me a bottled water for free. Apparently, they don't have a drink fountain so the only drink options they have that aren't smoothies are bottled drinks from a cooler case. Except, when I went to pick up my water bottle every single one of them was warm. Not just the water, everything in the case, including the sodas which had that steamy look around the top like when you leave it in a hot car. So we got our food and the Thai Chicken wrap tasted pretty good but my side of fruit was so horrifying to look at that I couldn't eat it. It was mostly chopped apples with a few bits of pineapple that looked like they came from the garbage. Everything about it looked old and gross, plus is was a teensy amount which I would have been annoyed by if it wasn't so gross. After we left, I was a bit dissatisfied, but not genuinely upset until a few hours later when my intensities felt like they were trying to leave my body. Bad things were happening and that's the only thing that could have caused it. So all around nope to this one.Let's start off with the good (because this review needs a bright spot): their smoothies are DELICIOUS. That's the whole reason why you'll find yourself at Tropical Smoothie. You'll want a freaking smoothie. Their two latest creations Chia Banana Smoothie (made with almond milk + cinnamon) and their Avocado Smoothie (made with lime + coconut water) are amazing!!! Eyes roll to the back of your head on your first sip kind of good. Creative creations and quality ingredients.Now the explanation behind the 2 stars - WHAT IS UP WITH THE QUALITY OF SERVICE HERE. To list just a few of several observations that bothered me in my 30min dining experience here, I placed a small order with my boyfriend: two wraps and one smoothie. As we waited, four out of the six working employees go on a smoke break right in front of the Cafe. Isn't it a known rule with all establishments not to smoke in sight of your customers? Anyway, not the point - I waited 15min for my small order - and mind you, NO ONE else was in the restaurant. A gal had to ask us twice "Are you guys waiting for something?" After reminding her of our order, she glances at all her coworkers smoking outside, lets out an exasperated sigh, then scurries back to the kitchen. I'm guessing they couldn't complete my order because the smoothie makers were all on break o__0 UhhhhhOk, so smoking workers return to work, and I can't help but question the cleanliness here. Did not see a hand wash. No gloves being used. EhhhhhIcing on the cake, the WHOLE staff lacks basic service etiquette -___- Cashier was texting on her cellphone in the front, and everyone in the kitchen was either singing obnoxiously or chatting with their visiting friends sitting at the table. AghhhhOk, I get it. Kids work here and this is all common, kiddy behavior. But kids, when you're given a job, you have to learn a little something called RESPONSIBILITY, and DO YOUR JOB. This is a business that services customers, and deserves PROFESSIONALISM in order to survive. A word to management that may come across this: pleeeease start with basic customer service skills for all employed here!I find it funny that every time I go to this location the literally have 11 (I just counted) employees working here, but the service is not good, food comes out slow, and the tables are all dirty.  Every time!  Smoothies are great and only reason for two stars.Staff and venue are nice/cute, but I am sorry it comes down to flavor and quality of the little pastries, doesn it?It has nothing on JP or Payard.The Skinny: breakfast offerings are pretty to look at but aren't that great (2), service: it's counter service but the best thing is it is close to the beverage fountain(3), value: three pastries was around $9 which is expensive considering the caliber(2).We were eyeing the pastry case since we walked into M resort for our staycation. Finally on our last morning, we indulged with an italian doughnut, a blueberry scone and an almond croissant.The italian doughnut was okay - the custard was a little on the eggier denser texture than say a rich smooth custard and rather ?bland. I wasn't a fan of the filling and it didn't help that there was plenty of filling inside. The doughnut itself was okay but nothing memorable.The almond croissant was flat as a pancake (not airy and flaky) from the overly moist filling inside. The filling didn't taste like almonds at all. Overall, bleh.The blueberry scone was the best of the baked goods. Albeit a little dry, it had a more crumbly dense texture with some blueberries inside. Flavours were fine though.Overall, this bakery really didn't impress especially when there are some great bakeries (ie, Payard, Jean Phillipe, Bouchon) on the Strip to compare to. In light of the pricetag, it was definitely expensive for what it is. I'm not sure if what I ordered was the exception rather than the rule though in terms of the quality.Eh.  Very unfriendly and tired face serving you sweets.  Me thinks not.  It was free as we were coming from the Studio B buffet who had a broken gelato bar.  There was nothing special about these gelatos and I got tired looking at the cashier's grumpy face.  I tried a bit of the strawberry sorbet and it was mediocre (not a big fan of sorbet to begin with.)  The mint chocolate chip gelato was good though.  Pretty expensive if you don't get it free :P.  Try not to come in with that older lady.  She really dampens your mood.The mini desserts from this place that M Resort Studio Buffet serves are pretty good so I decided to try a cupcake from this place.  I got the Coconut Pineapple one and what a HUGE disappoinment.  The frosting didn't even taste like frosting but something artificial.  In fact, I can make better cupcakes.Needless to say will not be buying from here again.Meh, I've experienced better.I think we need to go back and try the desserts on display. I was craving a chocolate chip cookie, and they had them wrapped in plastic. It was okay, but nothing special. Not really worth the $2.This place is located inside the M Resort in fabulous Las Vegas. They have a selection of pretty pastries and we sampled a few. I've had better, I've had worse. Nothing special. A place like this probably wouldn't survive as a stand-alone store but can make it as tourists walk by in a Vegas hotel.I'm here for a seminar this week. They are extremely understaffed. Don't they know that the hotel books seminars downstairs? Maybe they could have enough staff for morning and lunch business? I've been stopping in a couple times a day and they are never ready for the fact that all of us come up for coffee on every break. The cupcakes and deserts look amazing but last night I had a chocolate cupcake and it was so less than mediocre.I don't know what all the hype is for this place but I was not a fan. I asked for recommendations and was let down. My cupcakes were nothing special and the cheesecake I had was ok. Kinda seems out of the way unless you are in the casino.Disappointing :( I drove way out of my way to come here and it's was just whatever. I have high standards for food and this was far below what I was hoping for. I tried 5 diff things and after one bite I threw it out. It wasn't bad, just didn't put a smile on my face or interest me to come backWas here for a conference, and missed the morning breakfast, so I thought I'd try the local bakery. The food looked great in the display case, so I headed in.There were 2 ladies behind the counter, but it seemed they were having a dispute about who was cleaning or changing the garbage. Either way, it took a few minutes before someone asked to help me.I got some kind of chocolatey muffin thing, and a large coffee. Almost $10?!? Are you kidding? (Hint: they weren't). Since it looked so delicious, I decided to go along.Sadly, the food did not live up to it. The muffin was crammed full of pudding which went everywhere. The flavor was sub-par. And the coffee was about average and about 3 degrees south of boiling. Watch out.Cute and pastries are beautiful but this place tries to also be a coffee shop. Their more expensive than Starbucks and it is horrible!Please whoever is the owner upgrade your beans, syrups and teach staff how to properly make a mocha....if they mix hot espresso in with chocolate syrup it will taste better. Mine was curdled and gross...the syrup wouldn't mix.  They ran out of large lids so they wouldn't serve me a large without a lid? Weird.Very disappointed with the service here. It got a little busy and the staff seemed to not be OK with that. The vibe was strange and while waiting my turn I was offered something I didn't order then wasn't asked to order at all! I was able to get through that and was able to place an order, and my macaroon variety pack of 8 flavors was very tasty. There are 8 different flavors including passionfruit, chocolate and pistachio. Nice! But I'm not going to plan on going back unless a great deal comes my way. The selection of coffee drinks, pastries, gelato, etc. is nice and also convenient if you want something small and maybe quick but you may not get it with a smile!Michael's has gone downhill over the years.   They used to be a fun ice cream and burger joint with old music and vintage decor and great ice cream.   But now their staff is just sort of there, the ice cream isn't anywhere near as good, the prices have increased and the music no longer fits the expected atmosphere.   We would sure like to see a better shop back in town.The custard was very tasty. The service was terrible. She would play with get hair and rub her nose, then take a drink if water, set it down on the custard dipping well and scoop the custard.  It's clear their not trained well on safe food practices.Service with.....and attitude.  I am pretty sure the raspberry is artificial, the shake had a very chemical like flavor, not unlike the dye flavor in many icings.I ordered a medium shake, about a 12 ounce cup filled about 1 inch from the top. I was told the amount would  be $6.85. I got to the window and the lady took my card. She ran the card, handed it back along with the shake. I asked her for the receipt and she just closed the window on me.  After waiting several moments, I parked and went in to ask about the receipt.  While I waited, suspicion made me check my account.  I found out the I was charged more than I was told. She then explained they charge a surcharge for credit and debit cards. Unreal, they have a tiny little sign posted that looks like a comic strip and they don't bother to mention the surcharge when they take your debit card.In the end I paid $7.05 for about 10 ounces if subpar custard and some seriously ugly attitude, not to mention I would never have gotten anything in the first place had I gone in to order. Gross, dirty floors. So why even give 2 Stars? Because I have experienced worse.How do they keep getting away with it? Is it brand loyalty? This place is much too expensive for what you are getting. It's good but not noticeably better than Culver'sI'm not going here unless you're buying. If forced to, I would get a $7 maltI used Convertabath several years ago. The workers were all very helpful and did a great job. However...after a while, the product started wearing off. Keep in mind that we had 3 full baths done, and only 2 of us live in the home (college kids are away).  So it's not like the rooms were being heavily used.Anyhow, Convertbath offered to touch up the areas, for a flat $65 labor charge.So far so good. But the problem was (and this happened at least 2 times) that they never matched when they did touch up!  Technicians said it was not possible. So I have a sink area that has tiles that are subtly yet visibly different from the other part of the vanity and a shower with the same problem. So the product is definitely NOT durable. In retrospect I would only use this as a short term solution.The other thing to know (and this IS in the very fine print) is that you will no longer be able to use your soap trays or any suction-cups on any treated service.First, let me start by saying that staff were very friendly and respectful when communicating with my husband and I during the remodeling process. The sales agent went above and beyond to help us, after a leak came about while they were remodeling our shower. However, after spending nearly $1,500 I CAN'T say that I am satisfied with the end result. I have uploaded photos for you all to see the quality of work from ConvertABath. If it were a school grade, I'd give them a "C-". My husband and I examined the shower together and we discovered unfilled holes, uneven/crooked framing, and the corners don't meet up. (Again, Please see the photos that I added.) My husband called ConvertABath to let them know that shower was crooked and asked if they could send someone out to take a look at the shower. They had the secretary call us back a few days later (TODAY) and she told me that they viewed it on the photos that they took after they remodeled it, and that they couldn't do anything about it, because our walls were crooked. So basically, it's just going to have to look a mess, because "our walls are crooked." I'm not a contractor or handyman, but I'm 90% sure that their measurements were just off with the pieces and they just did whatever they could to make it fit, instead of just reordering a frame and glass that would fit properly. Prior to their work, our frame did not appear crooked at all. It may have had a little rust and calcium build up, BUT the framing was NOT crooked. And I can't not forget that the main reason that  we decided to get the shower redone was because of the small holes and cracks inside of the shower. There is still an unfilled hole. You can also see the indents from where the other holes and cracks were after they "refinished" it. Overall, it was a poor job and I feel like they did just brush us off when we tried to let them know about the quality of their work. I wouldn't recommend if you want quality work done.Fatcat has a nice open floor and a lot of classes going on. There is something every night of the week. Decent place to go for open dancing if you're past group lesson level. Ample seating for spectators as well.On that note, I do have to agree with other reviewers in that group lessons are just awful. We come for open dancing and will sometimes arrive early and watch the lessons, and I cringe every time. The teachers are apparently students from their "academy", people who are really not qualified to teach... often they look like college kids who have barely progressed out of basics themselves. There are plenty of other studios that have great instructors with competition wins teaching the group classes, so if you need to learn basics, I'd research any of the other studios around.The music has been really terrible recently as well, boring and sounds like it came off a generic ballroom compilation CD. They will often change songs right in the middle. Apparently they don't have a playlist ready to go and are trying to hand run every single song.I came in with an open mind, and Papaya Thai has very fair prices, but I would not come back here again. The Pad Thai was completely soaked in what tastes like Mae Ploy sweet chili sauce (http://is.gd/9UkrI) -- a good sauce but it completely ruined the Pad Thai. The yellow curry was a bit runny and just not impressive. The worst part was the mango smoothie -- super generic and didn't taste much like mangoes. The Thai Iced Tea, however, is great; but that's great most places. The ambiance was poor, too; there were specials chintzily painted on the windowsLots of good reviews on here. I just didn't see it. The iced tea wasn't really that good, the rice was slightly overcooked and very sticky. The seafood pumpkin curry, I ordered it 4/5 hot and it was spicy enough I guess. The seafood was terrible. The shrimp weren't deveined and the mussels were bad: 2 of them were closed, 1 was decent, the other had a very distinct odor. The eggrolls and crab wontons were the best part of the meal. The eggrolls were perfectly rolled so they were probably frozen but they were good.I given this place three chances and they've struck out all three times.The food is mediocre as well as the service. The one thing I expect when I go to a restaurant is for my glass to stay full, especially when I'm the only customer dining in. I also had a voucher for the place that they made a big stink over. It's too much of a hassle for the quality of food. If you want better service and better food, go to Thai Basil instead.I ordered through GrubHub and I paid dearly for the privilege. I had a Thai iced tea, the duck larb salad, and 3 salad rolls. The Thai iced tea did not disappoint me, it was sweet and tasty. However, the food was not really what I expected.The salad rolls were mediocre; at a Vietnamese restaurant I frequent, these are filled with lettuce, mint, cilantro, shrimp, pork, and have a delicious refreshing taste. However, when ordering these, the shrimp was optional ($2 extra) so I opted out. But what I received was basically just a mishmash of lettuce greens and shredded carrots. No peanut sauce was provided - not sure if this was by design, or an oversight of the delivery. Very overpriced at $5 for 3, based on their ingredients.The duck larb was also weird. I have not had larb many times, but when I first had it many moons ago, it was delicious ground beef with ground rice along with some nice herbs and spices in a delicious dish. This duck larb was pieces of admittedly delicious duck, in a greasy, watery brown sauce, with some cilantro and random veggies like tomatoes. No ground rice was apparent and I would really hesitate to call the end result larb at all. Also, I ordered it "medium" and it had no discernible spiciness that I could tell.Delivery was fast and efficient, but with my quibbles about the price and quality of the food, well, I might go back for one last-ditch try, but with all the bad reviews here on Yelp already, I am extremely reluctant to try anything else, and I will likely skip this in favor of more tasty delivery menus in my area.Papaya Thai raves their restaurant as "The Best Curry in the Valley!"  The curry was pretty good, but my main dish was the Thai Omelet.  The dish was okay, but it tasted like a chicken omelet with a bunch of soy sauce.  I didn't taste any distinguishable Thai spices.The service was kind of slow as it took forever for our drinks to be brought out.  I am not sure if it is because of the lack of staff or what, but drinks shouldn't take 10-15 minutes to come up.  At the very least, the server could have brought us some water. I have experienced much better, meh!From the menu they have on their website, this place looked pretty promising. However, it turned out to be a disappointment.We shared the Crab Wontons appetizer to start. The sauce that accompanied the wontons was gross and bland. The wontons themselves were also not good... The crispy part of them was really not that crispy, it was tough and seemed old/spoiled. Also, there was no crab meat in them like the menu had indicated. It was pretty much just like dipping cream cheese in weird sauce.My bf ordered the "Authentic Traditional Pad Thai" which is a different dish than the "Pad Thai" at this restaurant. When my boyfriend was ordering, he asked our waiter to explain the difference between the two before he made a decision. The server said that the "Authentic Traditional Pad Thai" was very similar to other Pad Thai dishes you would get at other Thai restaurants, whereas the "Pad Thai" was more of an "Americanized" version that had sweet and sour sauce? My boyfriend and I LOVE Thai restaurants and we've been to a lot so he ordered the "Authentic Traditional" version, thinking it would be like the ones we've ordered in the past. It was not. It came out and was soaking in sauce, very unlike every other Pad Thai dish we've ever ordered. We both tried it and it was clear they used half a bottle of fish sauce on the noodles which baffles me because Pad Thai never tastes fishy and it's never bathing in sauce? My boyfriend just ate it anyway and said he wouldn't have liked the other "Pad Thai" dish anyway because pad thai isn't usually made with sweet and sour sauce either... So we're both just confused with their pad thai dishes and the sauces they make them with.I got the Drunken Noodles entree and it was good. They ask you how spicy you'd like your food from level 1 to level 5. I ordered mine at level 4 and it was just a tad too spicy but that is not the restaurant's fault, I should have played it safe with a level 2 or 3. No complaints about my entree other than I needed a couple water refills to cool my mouth down.Overall, not the greatest experience. 2 out of 3 of the food items we ordered were severely lacking in quality and taste. I gave it 2 stars though because the service was good and we didn't have to wait long for our food at all. However, that could just be because there was only one other group in the entire restuarant. Probably wouldn't go back. Also, my boyfriend was really sick the next morning after we ate there. I think he threw up 5 times at least, so I'm not sure if he had a mild case of food poisoning from this place or what. If you want A+ Thai food, go to Mint Thai Cafe on Gilbert Rd. in between Guadalupe and Baseline. Been there a million times and the food is awesome.Food was okay and service was WEIRD!! We had the most awkward server... It was embarrassing! However, the Tom yum was pretty good and so were the pumpkin and panang curries. We noticed that the rice is really sticky, probably because they used sticky rice instead of jasmine rice. Pretty strange for Thai food... But not bad with curry on top. We would come here again... but only with a groupon.After having been here a few times, I would say most of the reviews were dead on. The waiter was a fill in from another of the chain restaurants. The poor guy was serving everyone (which wasn't that busy) running around cool headed, apologetic and super fast paced.  After "gonging" our announcement that we were there, a guy came to seat us about 10 or so minutes later. Sadly, we were told that he was the owner... Not too personable.  To be fair, they really never had great service in the few times I have been there. What keeps me infrequently coming back is their drunken noodles. They rock. We went also for the referral of the pumpkin curry entree. Both more than made up for the extremely slow service and normally unfriendly staff.Summary of the rest of the reviews... Fish tank and others looked really clean, though I have seen them horrible before. Bathroom was atrocious... Filthy and gross. Waiter gave me some napkins and sent a guy out to buy more . Walk to the bathroom was down a dark hallway, thankfully again the waiter helped out with that... Poor guy! He deserves to manage the place and a raise! LolThe food is just not that great. I've ordered it three times now because they deliver and tried several dishes but all have lacked any flavor or spice, two things you look for specifically in Thai food. If you like bland noodles and chicken, then you can bet this is a place to eat. One redeeming dish was the wonton soup, I thought it wasn't bad. But you can get good wonton soup anywhere. With all the Thai options in Tempe and Phoenix, Papaya Thai just doesn't stand up to the competition.The restaurant was busy and seemed like it would be worth my while.. I was correct in one way.. the cashew chicken was great. My favorite dish, and the reason I went, I'd the green curry. I've eaten it thousands of times all over the world and haven't had one that lacked flavor the way this dish did. There was a slightly discernable curry flavor, but no where near what I expected and have come to know Thai curry dishes to taste like. Perhaps it was a simple oversight by the cook. Either way, I will not be returning.This place is right across the street from my work so I've eaten here maybe 6 or 7 times now. We've had it once or twice where it was really tasty but sadly today was the last straw. We've expressed our concerns a few times about our order not being the level of spicy that we requested. And I'm not talking about "oh this is not quite as spicy as I like".... I'm talking today we ordered spicy and there was not a single bit of heat at all. Not a chili flake in sight. A small child would have even told you there was no spice. The reason we were especially upset was that this same thing happened a few days prior and we let them know so we were pretty sure that they would get our order right this time. Also another time when our order got messed up, they straight up refused to fix it and just said "no. Sorry. Next time. Ok?"  Well we considered there not even being a next time. The lunch special price and portion are great but our order is wrong almost every single time. Bummer.Took my Mom and BFF to lunch and we were so disappointed when the server came back to tell us there was NO duck today.  What?!  Today?  Or just at lunch time?  We placed our orders with pork, chicken, and beef then proceeded to ask our server if the restaurant was out of duck today or just at lunch.  It was really bugging me.  The menu shows duck as an option all over the place.  She said that we were the only people who ever ordered duck.  Ever?  Like, as in EVER ever?  She said yes.  Well, I knew that was a lie.  My BFF orders duck from this place on a regular basis, but that's at dinner.  So, I asked if she meant that duck wasn't available at lunch only.  She smiled and said she wasn't sure.  Poor thing.  The kitchen did her no favors by being so lazy.On a side note, a bazillion years ago my Mom taught us kiddos to check out the restrooms.  If they're clean, you know the kitchens are clean...  Eeewwww....  I was not pleased with the lady's room.  Paper was on the floor and it was smelly.  Thank goodness one of the soap dispensers worked.  Another eeewww, when I got back to the table - there was a fly hovering around.  Gross.Lunch orders consisted of Broccoli Delight with beef: bland, overcooked veggies;

One time my friend took me to Kungfu when the shop first open. And im stick there till now cause of their customer service (friendly and welcoming), and the drinks' quality. Last month, i was just on the way to Fashion Show Mall, I stopped by Volcano and ordered a Jasmine Milk Tea with Milk Budding. OH MY LORD, the drink was SOUR (i can tell right away it was old budding, or maybe the milk tea was spoiled). I couldn't notice them cause i left the shop already.Totally, disappointed. Plus the customer service at Volcano is going downhill. The old crews were so friendly, and nice. The only employee that i still like is the Mexican guy who always stands behind the counter to make the drink.My two star rating is very unfortunate as the tea here is quite good. If it were rated on tea alone I would give it a four star. The problem I have is with the explicit music they have playing from their television. I brought my seven-year-old in for tea and the entire time her ears were being polluted with explicit vocabulary. Explicit music should not be played in an establishment like this ever. That being said, if you have a young child I would detour and go somewhere else if possible. There are plenty of places local to this area.Nothing special just another quick boba place. Drinks are decent. If you want to sit, I wouldn't recommend it. The place is filthy, chairs/seats are dingy, dirty and greasy. They just need a good wipe down with some Clorox wipes, sorry I'm a mom and I cringe when I see this place.First boba spot I visited while in Vegas, and that's the only time I'll ever come here. Their menu here is decently sized, consisting of your average milk teas, fruit teas, jelly juices, etc. They also serve ice cream, snow ice, and various snacks such as egg rolls, fried fish cake, popcorn chicken, etc. It's not much unlike the Volcano Tea Houses in LA where I go to school (except this place is actually called Volcano Cafe...). The boyfriend and I came here to grab something sweet while we were waiting on our to-go order to finish up a few doors away. We got a large taro milk tea with tapioca, as well as a single scoop of mint chocolate ice cream.The taro milk tea was horrid. Super watered down and bland, had barely any taste of taro or even sweetness to it. Felt like water with boba...not the greatest at all. The mint chocolate chip ice cream was really yummy, but that's probably due to the fact that it's not homemade by them.The cashier girl was friendly, though, as was the girl who scooped my ice cream for me.P.S. $5 minimum for all cards.Honestly this used to be one of my favorite spots for boba. Don't get me wrong. The boba is great but the staff is something else. I usually come before closing and the staff always looks annoyed and angry. Not friendly. There are sometimes I hope there are nice employees working. I just don't like the attitude I've been getting from the staff lately.Went for Ronald's Donuts the other day because of all the positive reviews on the website. Went early afternoon and ordered my favourite Boston Creme, Apple Fritter, Chocolate covered yeast, cake and Bear Claw.Bleh.I guess if you are vegan this stuff might be totally awesome. For the folks can't live without consumption of animal products, I have to say the pasteries are definitely lacking in a couple departments.I love yeasty donuts - they are a juxtaposition of light, yet substantial, crisp on the outside with a pillow-like consistency on the inside. Of these properties, the only criteria Ronald's donuts met was the substantial part - by nature of their large portion size. The donut was dry and overly hard on the outside with too much icing making them too sweet . Boston Creme lacked both a good quality custard and skimped on the amount of custard (although because the custard was so bad - it might have been a good thing).The bear claw was really no different than a regular old yeast donut except in its shape. No almond filling, no chocolate. It's just a regular old yeast donut but bigger.The cake donut was again dry and not that appetizing.The apple fritter didn't have enough apples in there, lacked adequate amounts of cinnamon, and (like all the other donuts were tried) was overly dry (which is surprising because they did have some apple bits in there).Oh, and another thing - these donuts, like most, definitely suffer with age. The next day, these stale hard things were like rocks so if you do go out and get some - don't get a lot.The doughnuts were dry. They weren't superior to any other doughnut shop. Apple fritter was good but left a coating of fat on my tongue.Ok -I think my taste buds may be way off on this one but I hadn't eaten a donut since I was a kid. I got several Ronald's donuts and they just didn't taste like much. They also seemed so greasy It reminded me of fried chicken in a way. Weird, I know. After eating healthy for so long maybe my taste for crap is just unreliable now. Which makes me kinda happy cuz I don't crave it but kinda sad cuz I remember donuts as being so good.*confused* PS: The counter help was really nice and promptVegas must be seriously hard up for some donuts if this is considered the best place in the city. We got the much raved-about apple fritter and a cinnamon twist, and they were below supermarket quality. They were a waste of calories which is why I usually avoid donuts in the first place. Based on the reviews, I thought the Ronald's would be exceptional.The coffee was godawful. It was our first coffee of the morning which is always badly needed, but we couldn't get down more than a few sips.Service was friendly, and prices were good, however."In God we trust. All others pay cash." I love a good donut and burger. What can I say I'm simple. Being from NC, the home of Krispy Kreme, I've become very good at spotting them. Ronalds has the hype and I don't think are the best. I usually go for a variety of em in one go- a regular glazed, apple fritter, twister and cinnamon roll.  The whole lot were pretty dry and lacked flavor the subtle flavor of yeast and buttermilk that I find at Winchells and Real Donut #1.Also, they only take cash and close at 3 p.m.Meh.  After all the hype, I drove down here one morning while on vacation and bought a dozen, and then another dozen donut holes.  The holes were the highlight - everything tasted stale.  Maybe it's the lack of egg and milk, or maybe everything was stale by 10am.  Either way, I've had plenty of better donut experiences, and I really expected more after the reviews I read.  And who runs a cash-only business these days - I need my cash for other things in Vegas! :-)  Probably won't be back.Me I just don't get it I guess . One dozen they call them specialties came to $16.87.

The braised pork taco was soooo salty I couldn't get over it.  Our bill for the meager and barely edible offerings including 2 drinks was 65$$$$

Mushroom ravioli - very good

*Vine ripened tomato salad with burrata: It says "torn local basil"... Now how corny is that... and me being more &itchy.... it wasn't torn... they were cut as chiffonade.  I wouldn't thought this but really....."torn local basil".. give me a break..  This was what was expected.  Can you really screw up sliced tomatoes, slapped on burrata on top, "torn local basil", red onion, virgin olive oil and balsamic vinegar?  My friend's 4 year old daughter can make this dish.

"Yes our menu is very gluten free. You can eat pretty much anything that's not fired....even the chips." (answer stayed the same despite questioning and asking to double check)2nd visit:

The margherita pizza arrived a steaming mess of gooey cheese and tiny specs of basil - fit for a .99cent slice place. It tasted like rubbery, bland cheese and undercooked dough with salt thrown in for good measure. I'm not the type to complain or send food back but when the waitress cleared my near full plate away and asked if I wanted a doggy bag I instinctively blurted "no, thanks it's inedible." The service couldn't be faulted and I was surprised when the waitress brought my bill and told me that she didn't charge me for the pizza since I clearly didn't enjoy it. She explained that their chef returned to Italy and they had a new cook working and asked what I didn't enjoy in order to give him feedback. I've never eaten there under the previous chef so I can't comment as to whether there is a marked difference; however, if you're looking for good pizza I would go pretty much anywhere else. If you're looking for a great atmosphere in little Italy and pleasant staff and a great terrace, go here and don't order the pizza.Decided to try a new restaurant in little Italy.   It was a nice evening so decided to stop here and eat on the patio thats in the street.   Service wasnt that great.  Waited 10 minutes for my Moretti beer, only to be told they ran out???   Waitress also forgot to give us little bread sticks and oils to start, and they came by later with bread - we had to ask for - and she didnt even realize she forgot to give us some in the first place.   The Minestrone soup was good.   I had the Veal Parmagiana and past for the main course.   It was good, nothing special.Je suis client depuis mon dmnagement dans le coin, il y a un peu plus de deux ans. Ils on une bonne slection d'aliments mais  prix trs peu comptitifs.La majorit des employs sont assez sympatiques mais j'vite toujours une certaine jeune cassire aux cheveux teints noirs qui,  chaque fois, repasse deux fois le mme item sur le scanner.

For these prices expected a lot better experience.I really enjoyed our impromptu date night here. I had never been to Capital before and my husband and I each ordered the Porterhouse which did not disappoint. The scalloped potatoes and brussel sprouts were a good addition and came with more than enough for two people to share, superb side dishes! Rebecca our server was informative and courteous. I come to expect a level of professionalism when paying a considerable amount for a meal and unfortunately the experience was just not up to par on the prices they command in that ice teas were brought initially and then never refilled after the meal had started. A bottle of wine would have likely been ordered had we been checked on until after our meal was finished but we were not. In using the restroom I did find servers and hostesses that were in the customer bathroom complaining about whos got whos tables which just left a really bad impression. I just feel like the overall experience based upon these occurrences left a bad taste in my mouth, a finer dining experience should behold a level of professionalism that was just not delivered.I have gone here around 4-5 times with my family because the first time we went, everything was FANTASTIC! I got the chicken dish (which at the time was different than the one they have on their menu now) and some other members of my family got the filet mignon and we all shared the Au Gratin potatoes and mashed potatoes. Our first experience was fabulous. The steaks were done perfectly and my chicken was moist, delicious, and flavorful. Unfortunately the experience has declined with each subsequent visit...The very last time we went (early February of this year) was terrible. I had the chicken dish as well as the steaks that my family had and they were all horribly, horribly dry and bland. The chicken was the driest I've ever had in my LIFE- certainly not worth almost $30 I paid for it. And the steaks were overcooked as well! It was the biggest waste of money- I barely ate 1/3 of my meal, if even that. No one could finish their steaks either.I'm giving The Capital Grille 2 stars because the first time we went was wonderful and all of the food was delicious. In addition, the service has always been pretty good and the atmosphere is nice. However, the experience's we've had since then have not been fitting for a restaurant of this caliber (and not to mention price). The Au Gratin potatoes have been consistently tasty, but how can you really mess up cheesy potatoes? We've been adamant on giving The Capital Grille a few more chances after the great first impression, but unfortunately we've learned that it is just too expensive of a risk after so many disappointments.My wife and I have visited The Capital Grill restaurant in both Austin and Houston and had a fantastic experience in both.  The Phoenix location - NOT EVEN CLOSE.  The atmosphere was very rushed from start to finish, the food was OK at best and every time our waitress Shay came by I felt like we were eating at Mel's Diner.

- Food was brought out to us without utensils.

Honestly I do not understand this price by the meal of this level. The service of our waitress is unsociability without matching a value.

- The lobster bisque had a very slight gummy texture to it, as if too much flour had been used. - I had the lobster pasta and I was a little disappointed with the lack of sauce that accompanied it.  It was really more of a broth than anything, which made the pasta seem too soggy and also drippy and messy to eat.  My wife had the fillet mignon, which she said was one of the best she's ever had.  She thought the potato side was just so-so.

 The beans were ok. They were a bit overdone but had chunks of meat for flavor which redeemed them a little bit. The potato salad was the best thing about my dinner, on par with a store deli counter salad, didn't taste homemade. The waitress was sweet and I hope she finds a new job soon. I can't see this place lasting much longer. Sad because Vegas needs more good BBQ.Well I stopped in and tried some ribs and jalapeno sausage extremely disappointed typical Las Vegas BBQ not good. I will not waste my time or money to return to this place the only good thing was the fries and they weren't that good. I only gave them two stars because the girls that took my order we're very nice that's it I believe this business will not be open but just a few more months it's a bad location and the food isn't good. Just sayinFree beer was part of the reason we went here and other than the service was the only thing good.  The food was just not good.  I won't go on, review two stars speak loudly.When am I gonna learn to check reviews before I blow money on a bad meal? ( I've  been checking them after to see if it was just me or...)The smells coming from the smoker in the parking lot were the best thing about this place. The other half and I were craving some ribs and still are. The ones we got (one ordered sweet, the other regular) were dry and overcooked. They've stopped drowning them with sauce, and give it to you on the side instead, but I'm not sure that is an improvement. Sides were, as another reviewer put it, grocery store deli quality; edible but lacking  anything really special, like flavor. The service was good :/ As the GF put it - the only thing that smoker is good for is smelling while sitting in the parking lot reliving  memories of the last  good BBQ you had!Food was good. Service was awful. We waited over an hour for our main course and the place was about 60% full. I had finished my wine well before main course arrived, nobody ever asked if I wanted more. Indeed our waitress eventually just took the glass away, having never asked if I wanted more. The high point may have been when I asked for the bill, waitress disappeared for 15 minutes or so, and then when she finally returned joked "oops, I forgot." Yes, so funny after all the waiting, thanks! Avoid avoid avoid.The portions are very small.  The prices are very high.  The pasta was undercooked.  The 2 stars are for the decor and service; both were good. They had a large wine selection but their sweetest wine was sour. Disappointed at best.Went to restaurant week dinner there tonight.  The food was good, about what you would expect during restaurant week.  The problem was the heat and the service.  After 45 minutes, I asked if the air could be turned down and was told there was a problem with the air conditioner.  No comment from staff, until I asked.  By the time we left, at best, it was the same temperature as outside, mid to upper 80s.  A/C problems happen, but we should have been told when we arrived and given the option to reschedule.  The heat was compounded by how long we had to be in it.  They had 11 total items on their menu.  3 were desserts of the type that would definitely be made ahead of time.  Why did it take 2 and a half hours to serve us when they only had 8 different items to prepare for the whole restaurant?  It was 30 minutes before we got drinks, at least another 15 before the first course, at least 20 minutes AFTER finishing each course before the next was served and 20 minutes after finishing dessert before we got the bill.  There was never any apology about the heat or slow service.All of the food we ate had promise.  Even though most of it was served after it had obviously sat on a counter for a long period of time, you could still tell that each dish was unique and flavorful.  However, because of the service, we'd need a very compelling reason to ever go back given the remaining competition in Charlotte.  For the two of us, appetizers took an hour to arrive at the table (and they weren't busy).  To his credit, the waiter did recognize this and made up with two additional glasses of the wine we were drinking (forgivable error).  Then our main courses both came out at a medium temperature at best.  Similar results with the dessert (half of my wife's sorbet was already melted 50% of the way).  My cocktail order for dessert took over 10 mins to receive, as our waiter took approximately 15 mins to get down the order for the 8-person table next to us.  Eventually, another server brought the drink.  They also managed to hose up the parking validation, so we dropped an extra $5 for a good kick on the way out.  This is going to be a $100 meal for two (more with cocktails or wine).  No way I'd recommend this place to a friend unless I had gone back and seen the service pick way up.  But again, I'm not dropping another $100 or more to find out.2 stars is generous

The service here was really attentive. Our server came to check in on us and asked if we needed anything as he passed by our seating area. I am also really glad that the manager gave my friend a discount on her sashimi plate as she had found bones in her fish.I could not contain my excitement for the Valentine's Day meal that I booked at Alex based on the fabulous reviews on yelp, and from the restaurant's website. Oh, I cannot tell you how disappointing this meal was. First of all, I figured on a $300-400 meal-it was almost $700. And the meal was just not good. 2 out of my 3 courses were pretty bad. We actually heard other diners saying the same thing. I ordered butter-poached lobster that was tough and bland. My husband ordered the seafood linguine appetizer that he said was "OK." For my entree, I had the veal loin which WAS good. My husband had the short ribs which he, again, said were "OK." I finished with a carrot cake with sauteed apples which I didn't even EAT. My husband had the caramel chocolate bomb, which HE didn't even eat--I ate that while he enjoyed the two scoops of ice cream he requested along with the cake. Several of the amuse bouche were very tasty, but for that much money, I really expected a pretty mind-blowing dinner...and it wasn't even good. Picasso, Aureole, Nobu...all these are so much better and far less expensive.Ok yelpers, I have to say you let me down on this one!  My friend and I dined here after exhaustive research on "the best" dining in Vegas.  I even got gussied up and wore a tux.  At any rate.  Now I expected something stellar given the 2 michelin stars--usually a pretty good indicator of quality.  I have to say it was fair at best.  I'm pretty much a snot when it comes to fine dining, as my gustatory sensation was developed in NYC.  I've experienced Keller, Georges, Ripert, Daniel and THOSE chefs are the epitome of true fine dining.  So I have to say Alex did nowhere near the quality of the those guys.  Firstly, the service was a bit clumsy.  I saw the sommelier serving food, and the server pouring wine.  It was a bit disturbing in such a "fine dining establishment."  My friend and I had the tasting menu, but were thoroughly disappointed in the food and overwhelmingly disappointed in the wine paring.  Regarding the food, it was totally salty--not a big deal, but I NOTICED that it was salty, not that the food was bad, but I was nowhere near blown away--and for basically 150$ per course I should have been.  The wine pairing was just crap.  A bunch of California blends--nearly all whites, that smelled and tasted like sweat.  DO NOT get the wine pairing if you get the tasting menu.  In fact, save your 700 ducks and go somewhere else.  If you are JUST DYING to try Alex, my suggestion is to get the 3 course fixe prix and just choose a nice bottle of wine.  The exhorbant price tag does not justify the experience.  I have never regretted spending a large amount of money on fine dining until now.Wow. Thoroughly disappointed. I really wish it could have been better guys... lo siento. So what Alex has a bizillion star rating? So what Alex has all this hype?! Do not waste your time or moolah! You walk in and the restaurant is beautifully done and classic with high vaulted ceilings and plush seating... however, I am not going to eat somewhere for the decor. You better be damned if I am going to pay $285 or so dollars for my own tasting menu paired with wine... that ends up just being blah. I have to say that the staff and servers were incredibly nice, and the meal was paced well. But,  what good does pacing do if every course is not even close to perfection? Sadly, my favorite thing about the meal was the palate cleansing Tapioca, right before the dessert. I'm not kidding... that was actually delicious. If you want to leave with $600 less in your pocket, unsatisfied, and still hungry... by all means... please try Alex.  Sorry Steve Wynn, you've failed on this one.I can't believe this is a 2 star Michelin rated restaurant. My husband and I had the tasting menu here and felt we had better food at restaurants that aren't even rated. I give it 2 stars - one for outstanding service (as to be expected) and one for the good desserts (minus the macaroons b/c we had better ones at the McDonald's in France!). Other than that, there was only ONE dish on the tasting menu that was good (not great, good), and that was the lobster linguine with one piece of uni on top. The rest of the dishes were either blah or made me feel like I was about to have a heart attack. The foie gras and wagu beef were both so fatty that I couldn't even finish either of them. 4 strips of wagu beef, and I struggled to eat 2 of them. Way too much fat that I can clearly SEE and taste in it. Ugh, even thinking about it now makes me want to puke. The only highlight of the night was that Kelly Ripa and Regis Philbin were sitting behind us! Other than that, I can easily say that we will never waste our money here again. So not worth it!!!Soooo not worth it...The decor is beautiful and elegant and the service is great but the food on the other hand is another story....Came here on valentines day 2009. There were only two things memorable about that evening - the little purse bench (too cute) and their palate cleanser (and I'd prefer to go to fleur for that too!!) hah!!  On the upside...won our dinner money back and some at the tables! =PI really want to love Alex. The dishes are beautiful. I can't ask for better service. And the decor exude traditional elegance. Unfortunately, all dishes are either too salty, mediocre, or just bad. I didn't finish most of the dishes ; which rarely ever happen in restaurants at this level.Ambiance: 4.5 starsService: 5 stars (love the little couch for the purse.)Price: overpriced ($125 for prefix, $185 for tasting menu)food: 1 stars for the taste, 4.5 stars for aesthetic presentation.  We had:

It was fine-and the Greek Lemon soup was actually good. We were there right before it closed and a person working there gave us each a bag of chocolate chip cookies for free at the end of the night. That was nice.I was disappointed.  I have not been to a Sweet Tomatoes restaurant for about 3-4 years due to their higher prices, but I went to join a friend for lunch on Friday.  Their pricing is still high -- about $12 for lunch and a standard drink.  The salad selection was sparse.  A few green salad types and additives.  Dressings were thin and not very tasty.  Toppings were sparse -- no cold cuts of chicken, pepperoni, nor any bacon crumbles.  And even the soups were not very hearty or tasty.  I remember them being better some years ago.I think I will stick with the salad bars at SouperSalad!, Golden Corral, or even Sizzler's.  Better salads and better prices.Its a salad buffet....thats it! It's boring.  It's clean, good service, but its not exciting.The food was delicious as usual, however the service was not good.  A piece of advice to the rude person running the cash register, when a customer asks about pricing for a kid's meal answer their question and actually act like you care and want to provide good service.  Apparently finding out what kind of drinks we wanted, getting us rung up, and moved along was more important.  There was a small line behind me, but those customers can wait just as I had to wait for those who were in front of me.  Sorry my patronage was such an inconvenience on the boy (definitely not a man)  running the register.  Too many other good places to go with much better service.I eat here on a regular basis, because this particular one of the chain is near my home. I have eaten at many other Sweet Tomatoes and they are better. They saturate the prepared salads with too much dressing and have decreased the amount of meat in their soups and salads. My favorite item was the mushroom soup, but they no longer offer it, even on Mondays. I had a bad experience the last time I ate their because the cashier ( her name was Tanya)  would not honor our coupon and did not want to give us our meal at lunch price. It was 4:30 pm and they have this special until 5pm during the week. After we argued with us regarding this she then said that special is only for Seniors. LoL. My husband and I are close to 70. We look at least 60. Lol. If that is not a senior, I don't know what is. We will be looking for another restaurant and not going here very often. This restaurant is not run well. Probably at least 1/2 of the patrons are seniors and this happens to them they are going to lose a lot of business.I'm giving this location a 2 Star review based on the full experience at this location.  The salad had wilted leaves and there was jello all over the floor. I have been to this location multiple times and it seems like it just keeps getting worse. When I purchased the 2 adults for 19.99 coupon dinner,  the cashier handed me two small glass cups. (I have always received the to-go cups so I assumed they came with the meal since I've used those coupons before and never got questioned at any location) after telling her I would like the to-go cups, I was rudely told "Well then you should have told me that before hand- you already purchased these ones."  I wouldn't mind paying he whole 1 dollar more for the to go cups. But to be rudely told I should have said that before my transaction was complete- was completely uncalled for. There was no line behind me- I wasn't holding anyone up. Teach your employees some manners- you have lost two  frequent sweet tomatoes  eaters at this location. We will travel the extra  8 miles to the desert ridge location.Poor quality food even for a buffet style. Maybe it was just this location. But I don't see ever going to another one.Caution: Only come here if you want your hair washed!I am not afraid to admit it: I hate to pay a lot for a hair cut. Most of the time I don't get what I want anyway and what I always want is very simple: just trim the dead ends off. I refused to pay NYC hair prices for a trim back home and was on vacation with hair that was waaay too long and totally messy. Had I wanted my hair colored: I would be going to the nice, luxury salon, but for a trim, I thought I was safe with supercuts.Things started off well. I requested a wash, trim, and blowout. They were able to take me right away with no appointment. The hair wash was excellent. I have never had such a relaxing scalp massage.And then it just went downhill........I lost a few too many inches off my hair, but that was the least of it. I paid extra for the blowout  because I wanted pretty hair. Instead my hair was just dried into a big puffball. I could have done that myself at home for free. Ever since my hair has been in a ponytail.This experience came to a total of $36. I think i should have just paid $50 somewhere else and gotten a real blowout! I really wanted pretty bouncy hair!This event cost them a long time customer. I took a picture in for framing. After getting the price, I thought "Whoa ... that's pretty expensive!" But after having spent thousands of dollars over the years in both their present location and their previous one on Indian Bend, I knew they weren't the cheapest show in town. I paid in full and was told it would be ready in two weeks. I assumed they were pretty backed up, so two weeks - although long for one simple frame - was tolerable. I went home and calendared the pickup.Two weeks to the hour later, I drove a few miles to pick it up. I discovered they hadn't started the job. I said, "It was supposed to have been ready in two weeks. You mean I have to make another trip in to get it?"Having spent most of my life trying to keep customers happy, I realize there are a number of responses to this question.A recommended response would be: "I'm so sorry. We got a little behind and couldn't get it done on time."Another response might have been, "I'm sorry for the inconvenience. I realize you've spent your time and money driving here. Perhaps we could drop it off on our way home."There are other similar possibilities, but the actual response didn't follow this pattern. It went something like this, "We always call when it's ready. You have to realize two weeks was only an estimate." It was more along the lines of ... you customers are dumb asses for believing me when I told you two weeks. Tough rocks! Now move along because it sucks to be you.If you need something framed and you come from that old school where the customer is always right, I suggest you find another framer. With these guys, their errors are your fault. Consider yourself lucky they don't charge you extra for holding your picture so long.Maybe in the future, they should consider calling when it won't be ready by the promised date rather than calling when and if it ever is ready. They could save you extra time and expense.OK, I have to start by saying that although I am only giving this place two stars, I still actually enjoy going here....but when you boil it down, it really is kind of a two star place (and sometimes that's exactly what you're looking for!)  From the location in the Bashas strip mall, to the wooden door with limited signage to tell you where you are, to the complete lack of any windows in the whole place, you definitely get the "tavern" feel the second you walk in.  With one long oval bar, and just a few tables against the wall, it's definitely a place to belly up to the bar for your cocktail, because the one person working the whole room might actually see you there.The drinks are CHEAP ($2-$3 dollars for a bottle of beer, and not much more for a cocktail).  The music is....well, you decide.  It's from a jukebox.  Want food?  Go ahead and take a gander at the take out menus from local ffood joints the bartender will provide for you.  Heck, they'll even call in your order for you!  You can even bring in your own subway sandwhich and eat it if you're trying to stay healthy and avoid all that "bar food".  There is a pool table, and a few TV's to watch the game.  Mostly, I like this place just because it's around the corner from where I live.  I can walk over, get some cheap beer, and walk home.Not really the place for me, went with a large group and felt claustrophobic in there.  Very dark and kind of boring with one descent tv.  Pool table takes up a large chunk of room where they should have probably put more bar tables or a dance floor.  Thought the place was new since it was so bare inside.  Positives are the drinks are cheap and the bartender does a good job, though she doesn't know what bottles of beer they sell.  Plus no beer on tap kind of stinks.  Seems like a place you'd meet up with a few people to start the night, have a few cheap drinks then bounce.I came in with no expectations, and thank goodness because I got just about that.  There are no windows so the place is dark, small and claustrophobic feeling.  One of the female bartenders seemed pretty friendly, while the other one was not helpful at all.  There is a pool table for 50 cents a pop which is nice, and drinks are crazy cheap which is great, but the atmosphere makes you feel like this is a place where rainbows and dreams go to die.  I love dive bars, but this is way too dour of a place for me.Hate is such a strong word.. I try not to use when I its not really called for. When I set out to Yelp the Safeway across the street from me and the Mr.'s place I thought of using that word to describe how much I don't like this Safeway.  Of course it's warranted, they pissed me off!Okay you know how they always do BOGOF on milk.. well me and the Mr don't drink that much milk so the cashier usually just gives me half off the 1 gallon. Well this time she forgot to and I didn't notice until I got home.. so seeing that I used to shop here once a week I figured Id just bring my receipt back the following week. Well the following week I went in and showed the receipt and the dumb bitch behind the counter was like, 'what am I supposed to do about it?'.. I explained to her what usually happens as the cashier gives it to me for half off.. she then proceeded to ask me which cashier was doing that, 'it's not our policy.'

       - $32.00 BBQ Combo - You get 3 choices and we got the duck, pork, and cold chicken. Everything seemed a little higher quality than you'd get at a normal Chinese restaurant (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zine-noodles-dim-sum-las-vegas?select=6HIB5tmvQ-dpQfprj4v2Tg#6HIB5tmvQ-dpQfprj4v2Tg).

Perhaps they have issues with employee turnover as well.Over priced, unprofessional, simply just not that good.Living in Texas the past five years prevented us from visiting our favorite restaurant, Roy's, where we have happily spent many an Anniversary and/or Birthday.  Now back in Phoenix, we went to the Roy's at the Marriott where we have been before.  The food was very good.  My wife had Salmon and thought it was the best she had ever had.  I had the Ono and it was good, if not a bit overcooked.  The service was way, way below par.  Normally at Roy's you are showered with greetings from everyone as you walk to your table.  This night....crickets.  We sat outside and since our last visit (6 years ago), they have formed a large, informal seating area to augment the dining tables.  So, as we are beginning our meal, about 8 people plopped themselves down - all having just come from the pool.  A few were very loud and instantly, Roy's became a Pub.  They ordered pool-side food and the atmosphere was shattered.  Roy's invited this by setting up this seating area.  We finished our meals and the plates sat on the table for nearly 10 minutes as the wait staff disappeared.  This is 180 degrees different from how Roy's used to be.  I spoke with the manager and reminded him that we were there to celebrate my wife's birthday and that we wanted to move indoors to have our dessert and coffee.  They obliged us and were apologetic. So, all in all, the food remained good, if not overpriced, but the attention, service and outdoor atmosphere took a big bite out of the experience.  Sadly will think twice about returning.We order short ribs appetizer, it took one hour,when they came the were so dry it wasn't worth eating.

Then we noticed another spot of blood on the sheet near the head of the bed... and then another one on the blanket.

However there are many disruptive people on Mill Avenue, and it seems that the cops are less worried with those who are actually committing crimes. I mean I am a firm believer in the saying "two each his own", do what you gotta do to be happy. I am not easily bothered but when I walk down a street and see a man peeing in the open, a man vomiting in a bush, a group of guys in speedos, and a group of girls in lacy bras within five minutes, I am a bit irritated. Especially because more than a few cops passed by and my friends and I are the only ones who look suspicious.

My man got a tuna sandwich, which is odd because he typically doesn't like tuna? He didn't love it, but he didn't hate it either.

Jack at the bar is great, but unfortunately one person can't make a good experience. We will not be back here and we will be sure to share with others to head to Scottsdale. It is worth the drive.

The meat was dry and the tacos were so small. Maybe i came on an off day but it was enough to turn me away with the price and portion. The ladys working the place were nice and friendly, so thats a plus!I came to the mall just to try this new place.  I got the street tacos. Their "carne asada" is not that, it's just meat with some type of sauce. The tinga chicken was good, A LOT better than the asada tacos! The gal that was cooking was so nice and pleasant! She was the only good thing about my visit here.  But the guy at the counter was extremely slow and didn't seem to know what the heck to do. It was a Saturday night and the mall was dead, I think he just needed practice. I love to support local and small business but certainly I like to enjoy what I'm eating and paying for.  I probably won't be returning for the tacos! Maybe just to visit the lady ;)It was a quite disappointing experience.  The fish weren't fresh and the rice is flavorless and hard.  The ratio of fish to rice is not proportional.  Typical AYCE...I'm giving this place a 2 star because they are friendly.  Don't waste your money here.  I rather go to Sushimon and GoyemonWas super excited to try this place out since I live across the street and seemed to be doing well since its recent opening...it was ok. Nothing special no one greeted us upon entering establishment for or made eye contact even when they passed by us about  4-5 times for at least 15 min. The sushi took quite a while my husband and I did all you can eat had sake nigiri hamachi nigiri a few of their specialty rolls none memorable as well as ebi hand roll tuna poke salmon Kama and unagi nigiri which appearently were forgotten and never made. When we finally got a waitresses attention (which btw she never returned our order sheet even though we did ayce) the sushi chefs were confused as to which one had the our order last. Needless to say my 1 year old had enough of the waiting before we even received our initial complete order after being seated there for about an hour at that point and had to walk out leaving the hubby to finish on his own poor service! Do give credit for the nice hamachi and poke were nice but they need to get a system as they don't have one! The ambience or lack there of needs work maybe music wall art waitresses with personality...I thought this was a new spot, but recognized one of the ladies that work there and realized this is the same owners as the one on eastern.  First time at the new location and left with a bitter taste in my mouth.  Service is still poor.  Didn't get all my orders.  Only got to order once for all you can eat, so if you decide to eat here, order all at once.  I just feel bad that these two elderly ladies has to do all the waitressing.  Maybe if they had help it would've made my experience a little better.  One thing is for sure, I won't be stopping by here moving forward.Food service was great. Staff was attentive and quick. The sushi itself was so-so. Dry was overly dry. It seemed more like plain rice than sushi rice. The sauces were off. Sweet sauces were too sweet. The garlic sauce was too vinegary and sour. Dynamite roll was just a California roll with baked scallops on top, instead of baking the entire roll. Uni, which is my friend's favorite and subpar, "Like they left it out to be jerky". Presentation was plain, not bad, but not impressive. I'd rather go to Sushi Mon down the street.ps. I my opinion most sushi reviews for Vegas are abit inflated.Not the same sin city sushi that it used to be. Maybe we just made the mistake of coming on Valentine's Day but this experience almost makes me want to never come back again. We were there for an hour and 45 minutes while having nothing in front of us for a majority of the time except for dirty plates. Our first part of what we ordered arrived about 5 minutes after we ordered it (screaming-O) and the next course of uni and salmon nigiri followed 5 minutes later. After that we didn't get anything for almost 25 minutes. Every individual item came out about 20 minutes spaced out. We ended up cancelling a lot of what we ordered just cause we didn't want to wait any longer. My husband never complains and even he was getting frustrated. Might have to wait at least 6 months before I think about stepping back in there. They need better service and betters  sushi chefs.We came her for dinner it took more than 30 min to get a salad we order we ordered a beer which they forgot to bring to get 7 things on the menu too more than two hours the sushi was not that great it was not the worst I've had but would not come back the young girl was trying but she favored the tables close to the back and because she was trying is that I'm giving it 2 stars if not  I would of done a 1 starPoorly constructed sushi. It was falling apart on my plate before I even picked it up. The fish were cut improperly. My four year old could have probably done a better job. Salmon was bland.. Did not taste fresh at all. Not sure how this place gets good reviews. Their rolls were all rice, other bad reviews were right. Feels like you're eating rice balls. It's obvious most of these reviewers have not eaten at an actual good sushi restaurant, or haven't eaten sushi before, if your standards are this low. Sushi you get at Smith's grocery or Costco taste better than this place. Try Goyemon or Yama sushi for AYCE. Then you can tell me what you still think about this place.An ok place for coffee and unambitious pastries. The food is an afterthought. I tried the Mediterranean salad one time. Very much like you would find in a supermarket's to-go cooler. I had the tuna sandwich 3 times. The first two times were all right, filling and reasonably well made. The third time, yesterday, the sandwich was just plain inedible and not even recognizably tuna. The layout is cluttered and not well designed. Staff has gotten better at service, but there still seems to be unnecessary confusion at the counter. Given the location and the nearby competition, I had hoped for better from this business.I keep wanting to like this place and waiting for things to improve, but location is only thing going for it. Food doesn't seem up to par with other Barriques, they seem understaffed, and for some reason they don't like opening the garage door on nice days. :/This Barriques would get 4 stars like what I would give to the 2 other Barrique's I sometimes frequent. The food and drink is comparable to other Barrique's. The service is actually better than the service on Park Street. The major problem is the temperature. IT'S A SAUNA! They obviously need an HVAC person to come in and fix it. I spoke w/ the manager and it is a fundamental problem w/ the system, not just an isolated incident.Not a good first experience here.... Started out ok, then found a huge piece of cooking twine in my noodles. I have to commend the staff, both front and back of the house, as they were quick to fix the problem. The manger apologized and comped most of the food that was ordered. They offered to make another Curry Laksa. I declined.My husband and I are both foodies and we love Park Road Shopping center.  We decided to go and try something new in Charlotte.  We grabbed a seat at a full bar because the wait was 45 minutes but we love eating at the bar.  After ordering a drink (Very good) we placed an order with the bartender for beef and kimchi dumplings which an hour later we had not gotten.  We also had another cocktail and ordered a main dinner selection.  After an hour an a half and people that were sitting at tables getting their food faster we decided the service was horrible or the bartender forgot that we would just pay and leave.  The manager came over stunned we hadn't received our food and went to check but after another 10 minutes we gave up and went to an old favorite Futa Buta.I agree with Jane - I really really want to like this place. However, I was quite let down.I anticipated this place opening and was thrilled to go there for the first time. The menu does look fantastic and I will have to go again to try something else; I ordered the Green Thai Curry. I LOVE green thai curry and this one just wasn't anything special. Very blah. The portion didn't even fill me up. However, my friend ordered the pho and had plenty. I was impressed with the wines they had by the glass but they had no drink specials on a Monday night.The service was not great. Our appetizer came a minute or two before entrees, even since we confirmed he had put our appetizer in after waiting for 15 minutes. I asked for a fork (to eat curry soaked rice) and had to wait for our server to run two tables other cards before he went into the back to bring me one. He also mixed up our tabs, but did fix it when we caught it. Again, this was a Monday night.Finally, the ambiance. I was so excited to see the inside in person, rather than on instagram! However, NONE of their seats have a back! We sat at a bench table, but I noticed no other seating options had any back support. And I could barely hear my friends across the table. There was no cloth in there to absorb sound.Overall, a giant "eh."

He seemed.. bored first of all.  When I showed him what I wanted, he just kind of nodded and said the name of the dish and walked away.  I guess since we weren't ready....We finally placed our order - about 5 tapas.

Atmosphere: CThe Original Pancake House is basically a diner.  Simple food, prepared quickly.  The quality is decent -- think upgraded Denny's -- but nothing special or worth repeated visits unless you like a bland breakfast. There's nothing particularly amazing about the food or menu choices, but if you're carting around a load of kids, it's not a bad place to go for lots of pancake options (chocolate chip, whole wheat, blueberry, etc).  When we went, we ordered crepes and blueberry pancakes.  The crepes were too sweet and the blueberries on the pancakes weren't fresh.  But the service was great, the coffee never-ending and the bacon was perfectly crispy.The Pancake house is located inside GVR. I wish they would have kept the Cafe it was so much better then this spot! Got the eggs,pancakes, and bacon. The eggs were mushy and had no flavor, the bacon was falling apart in pieces because it was so overcooked but the pancakes were decent. The service was good though. I might be back to try the lunch menuThis place looks awesome. The smell of the maple syrup blasts the air while you wait on line to get in. Granted, outside of Vegas(ahem, Henderson) I am pretty sure their is no line.The food, well it is not that great. It certainly doesn't inspire me to come back and try other menu items. More or less inspires me to wish I hadn't paid so much for the food!Like so many national chain stores, great look, great concept. Just no real delivery of something worthwhile. It also tries to play the 'Olde Fashioned Game' with locations nationwide and corporate reps throughout the business...its about as old fashioned as the Casino that its in.Eh... okay. Not great, but not bad. The omelettes are obscenely large... that's not a compliment! LOL.Eh, basically shoes for old women.  The only reason they're even "famous" is 'cause of Sex and the City... though I did love the knee-length cage boots.Christian Louboutin FTW.Food is good, coffee is good, location is relatively easy to get to and park at...so why the 2 stars?The service sucks a lot.  Started going to Coca a few years ago and the service staff used to be super nice.  I always expect a long wait, but they always made you feel welcome, so I didn't mind.  However, the past 3-4 times I've been there, the service has gone WAY downhill.  From the greeting to the service at the tables...wow.2nd to last time I went I was told "1 hour" for 3 people.  Stood around outside for a bit...got cold and went inside to buy a to-go coffee (which I've always been able to do before).  Was told by one of the servers that it was "discouraged" to get coffee before we sat down, so we can go get coffee down the street...in a condescending "why are you bothering me" tone.Um...you discourage people to buy coffee from you?Last time I went, another 1 hr wait for 2 people.  Came back 30mins later, and wanted to see how far we were on the list.  The server snatched up the list, and said "An hour from whenever I first told you" and walked away.Nice.So we went to Square Cafe instead in Regent Square...just as busy, just as many people...but far nicer and actually apologized for the 20min wait time.I love this place and eat here quite frequently. That being said I know they get very busy on Sunday brunch. Knowing this I always call ahead for a table. This week I was incredibly disappointed. I called ahead at 12:07 and was old a table would be ready in 45 minutes. We got there a few minutes early so that we would be there when they called. Upon getting there I told the waitress that we were there and would be outside, at this time she said it would probably be about 20 more minutes! Ok so we took a walk, came back, waited some more. Needless to say I called at 12:07, was told 45 minutes and did not get seated until 1:38. An hour and a half later!!! I watched countless tables that were below my name on the list get called. I'm a little flustered, starving, and now all my other plans for the day are ruined. By the time we. Were seated half the items on the special menu were sold out. I'm very frustrated. While th food may be good I definitely have experienced better service.Good food but horribly long wait that makes u wonder whether it's worth the pain. Kept us waiting for over an hour for sunday brunch, and then told us more than half of the specials were no longer available.I had been wanting to try this place for awhile. I had always thought that they would have good food, but I heard rumors of slow/inconsiderate service. Well, that is exactly what happened. My friends and I wanted brunch on a lazy Saturday, but we were all so lazy as to not actually want to be in public eating, so we ordered take-out from Coca Cafe. We all figured out our orders, and then one person called in. We just did separate orders for each person, so that we could all walk over an pay separately without a problem. Not so. After giving my friend a hard time on the phone when he was making the order, we were treated rudely at the restaurant when we were picking up the order. When we were on our way out, another cashier felt the need to reprimand us again for the way that we were paying them. ARE YOU KIDDING!? Please do not complain about the WAY that we are paying you. They were not even busy.If they are gonna be that bitchy about splitting checks then they should probably list explicitly that they prefer certain ways of payment. It really kinda ruined our experience.... feeling shitty as we leave the restaurant, just happy not to be in those ladies' presence any longer. But when we took the food home, I must admit that it was delicious. I had Challah french toast, and it was yummy. I guess their kitchen is awesome with horrible service, which is so unfortunate because I am not so sure I will suffer through that again for the good food.Currently sitting at a table at Coca Cafe after an 1 hr and a half wait. A wait in which we were initially told it would be 25 minutes. After 45 mins we went in to ask the waitstaff and were told that 5 more tables were ahead of us! After another 45 mins we ask what's going on and they said they called us and apparently someone told them we were on our way and never showed up. Anyways, they were able to seat us 10 mins later. Luckily we knew what we wanted ahead of time and put in our omelette orders and coffee. 10 mins go by and the coffee wasn't there. We ask the waitress for the coffee and she said "didn't I bring you your coffee" No you didn't or else the coffee cups would be on the table! Waiting for our food now. I'll finish my review after...We got our food and it turns out the Salmon Omelette and Avocado Omelette with toast was very good.  Unfortunately the poor service ruined what would have been a restaurant I would suggest friends go to.I really only gave it 2 stars or maybe even 2.5 stars because of the very good food... the restaurant itself gets less than 2 stars.Note to Coca Cafe: Please learn to run an efficient restaurant operation.  Thank you.The service is always always bad.  The staff is friendly, but you never get refills of anything and the food (which looks and sounds amazing on the menu) arrives luke warm.  This is the 3rd (and final) time i have tried the place.  We were there for over 45 min after ordering before getting food, with no refills on coffee or water.We decided to try CC for brunch on the recommendation of several of our friends.  We waited outside for about a half an hour and then were seated.  Because it was so busy, we had to wait another 20 minutes to order.  I had an omelet, which was okay I suppose.  The meal just wasn't memorable.  What does stick out in my mind, though, is how uncomfortable out seating arrangements were.  While the front of the restaurant seemed to have ample seating and room to the eat, the back room (where we were seated) is super cramped.  We were up against a window and I felt like the people dining behind us and to the side of us were actually at our table.  (Just to clarify, I'm a small woman and don't need much room to eat.)  After my one experience there, I'm not so sure what all of the hype is about.Note to the reader:  I'm writing this review with respect to the dinner ("small plates") menu, which is available Thursday/Friday/Saturday evenings.  Results may vary for brunch, lunch, etc.I was initially very excited to see the range of offerings on the dinner menu:  Small plates meant to be shared with items ranging from pork belly to duck ragout to good ol' shrimp and grits.  My party chose around 5 of these to try. The idea was great but the execution was, sadly, lacking.  The risotto was crunchy and undercooked (ditto for the pappardelle noodles).  Pork belly was flabby, not crispy.  The poutine was the best option but low on cheese curds.  The ideas are great and have potential but for the moment perhaps it's better braving the brunch crowds here instead...If I'm in line before the restaurant opens and it takes 40-75 minutes for my table to be ready, my standards rise to "this better be the best meal ever in the history of mankind."  After waiting in said line a half dozen times, I'll given Coca Cafe a solid meh.  I don't get the hype.

Well she did. they fixed it and it was all good.

This will be my last visit here, you were once a gem and hopefully can learn and grow.Man, this place has definitely gone down hill over the years.  It's certainly not the marquee property for MGM/Mirage it once was (That would be the Bellagio now).  Last time I stayed here was back in February '10 with some friends who were visiting.  The hotel room decor was rather bland and probably hasn't been updated since the hotel opened, but more importantly the bathroom was in a state of disrepair.  The sink faucets were leaking and the shower was lukewarm at best.  To sum things up, the hotel has a whole quantity over quality feel to it.  Not worth the price you will pay for the rooms.A much better option is to stay at  the Signature Towers, which are attached to the MGM property.  These are much nicer and you still get access to the MGM pool, which is by far the best feature of the MGM.Stayed here about a week ago for a trade show being held at the Mandalay Bay - MB was sold out and beyond my company's budget so we chose MGM.  Service was great for the most part (exception was when I reported broken hinge on armoire - see below), but our room was terrible.  The first night there was an awful jet-engine sound somewhere outside - no idea where or how, as we were on the 27th floor.  Additionally, the ventilation system was horrible, we could smell smoke (non-smoking floor) AND smelly whory perfume.  We were supposedly upgraded to a suite, but this was no more than a slightly large room.  When we got to the room immediately after checking in, I noticed that the armoire had a broken hinge.  Not wanting to be charged for it, I called the front desk to report the problem.  The woman I spoke with was quite rude and told me that I wouldn't be charged for it and that she was pretty certain that engineering already know about it but that she would report it AGAIN (my first time calling about it).  We kept our "privacy" sign on the door since I spread my work out all over and basically we're messy and didn't want anyone to see our mess until we're ready to pack it up....however, engineering felt it necessary to come in and make the repair despite the "privacy" sign while we were out.  I figured since we were "upgraded" the room would have a fridge and/or coffeemaker or some kind of amenities for people not interested in spending $500 per meal.  Nope.The casino was filled with the most clueless and sheltered people on the planet.  For crying out loud people, it's just Vegas - don't get out much?  No need to take a photo of EVERY damn thing!  Or stopping mid-walkway for no reason other than to stand there and look around.  Get out of the way!  Some people have places to be!The pool was a million miles away and wasn't really all that exciting - especially since the frozen drinks were SO expensive and we couldn't find a cocktail waitress to save our lives.  Since I was there to work, I found it very distracting and annoying that it was so loud at night CONSTANTLY.  We stayed 3 nights and couldn't wait to get home - we will definitely not stay here again nor recommend to friends.  Bummer.Drinks $16 (16 oz. cups full of ice);  ATM $12.50 service fee per $100 withdrawal.  Ask to stay in the central tower,  otherwise you have to walk about 1000 feet to the elevators.   The restaurants are outrageously priced - go out on the strip to eat and drink- you'll find fairly priced restaurants.This review is for the hotel.  Unfortunately, I can't write this without mentioning Herbie, the love bug.He wasn't really a love bug, he was a cockroach.  And he decided to keep me company in the bathroom the morning after a late night of drinking, strip clubbin', and more drinking with my girl friends.  Hmmm, who did he keep company during the night and where was the rest of his family?  *shudder*Management upgraded us to a suite free of extra charge, which was a little more spacious with an extra TV.  They were friendly enough, but my friend said they didn't seem surprised AT ALL about it.  The next day I thought I had left my iPod behind, and when I realized and we called down to see if we could search for it, we were told that the old room already had new occupants.  Uhhh.We were fairly easygoing about it, even named the little bastard, but really that's just nasty.  The casino was cool (e.g. lion cage, restaurants, Studio 54) but I wouldn't book a room here again, personally.I haven't have my own hotel room in... omg, I don't even remember when was the last time I have my own room?!So I brought my lucky charm, to deter eeeviillll, and made sure I stayed up late with my coworkers so all I do when I head back to the room, is to sleep.The room was nice and pretty good size.  I found the dead celebrity portraits a little disturbing.  There's a $10 resort fee, and they charge you to go to the exercise room.  What the _____?  Well, but then we got the $15 credit in drink, I guess that kind of offset it.The 2:30am explosion next door at the Tropicana woke me up and I thought it was one of those 911 event and I was debating whether or not I should pack my stuff and bounce?!  But then I realized that the building would be crumbling by now if that's the case.Anyhow, I kept having nightmare afterward.  Like ghostly nightmare.  That made me miss the bf and the dogs a WHOLE LOT MORE.  Nope, i do not want to have my own room next time, thank you.I am not a fan of staying on the strip - food, drinks, everything is pricey! I was recently here for a conference, therefore stuck at this hotel. The rooms were clean, beds were comfy, bathroom was spacious, and I had a luxurious view of their HVAC system from my window with glowing green alien lights. If the prices don't drive you crazy here, then the green lights which you can't shut out of your room...that'll do the trick. The food choices are OK - if you have $80 to spend on dinner every night..then the restaurants at this hotel are great. If you only have $10...you're in trouble. $10 will get you a cup of coffee and doughnut from Starbucks downstairs. Gambling is obviously high on the strip too.

need to go back to customer service training..  .. what employees are really to comfortable and  forgot how to treat the customers..

Fruit salad with 75% kumquats (self-explanatory!)Below expectations:

the flavors were actually quite good.BUT--- I could buy at the store and assemble at home. (was hoping they built more ingredients in house, especially with the price)Don't tell me things are NOT what they actually are. "walnut sausage pizza" is not cold store-bought bread with nuts on top. Fries are NOT avocado. And please make a disclaimer somewhere.... ANY where on the menu that says all of our food is served cold or at room temperature. (I know its a RAW place... but I know RAW... and it doesn't have to always be cold or room temp.)  then, we would know what to expect and probably really truly enjoy our experience. Also--- a little kindness and maybe a crack of a smile goes a real long way.I've had some amazing raw food. I find the food lacks flavor and is salty here. the people who take my order, need to smile and be more engaging because this place is not cheap if you order a full course meal for more than 1 person. I like the smoothies and some of the desserts are good. I don't go here often, because it doesn't look clean. I like being able to see the kitchen.I have yet to go to the new location that used to be fresh mamma's and I actually really loved how that looked inside.Disappointed!  Came here on a Sunday morning at opening time and no one was here to open up.  Really wanted to check out their food since there's not too many healthy options in the area .I'm not fully Vegan or Vegetarian, I still eat meat around once a week but I'm slowly getting there! I was looking for a new place to try that would help boost my studying so I was looking for someplace that had a lot of fresh and healthy options and I came across Go Raw Cafe on Yelp! Located on Windmill and Eastern in the shopping center with the Smith's located right next to Tups.Walking in, on the right you see a ton of books and supplements about raw eating, vegan eating, etc., on the ceiling were a bunch of hanging plants and near the back there's a salad bar. There was only 2 tables sat with 2 people at each table when we went and there was no one at the counter. Since it was the first time I'd been there, I didn't know whether to just sit down or go to the counter so I went to the counter since I saw a handful of paper menus. I grabbed one and started looking through it, I wanted to walk to the salad bar to see what they offered but I didn't since I felt a bit awkward not really knowing how to order so I eyed the Salmon Roll: Mock salmon, mustard, alfalfa sprouts, tomato, avocado, enoki mushrooms, yam "rice", garlic, & ginger as something I wanted to try but there was no one at the counter so I started looking around. Finally one of the ladies sitting at a table talking to a guy gets up and goes to stand behind the counter and just stares at me. No hi, nothing! Not even a smile! So I said "Uh I'll try the Salmon Roll" and she says "Sold out" Okay uhmmmm..."the Veggie Roll?" and she replies "No, out of Seaweed" Dang okay...then I start looking at the menu again and I hear her let out a heavy breathe. Wow! How Rude! Then I saw the "Salmon" Cakes w/ "Fries" & Veggies $15: "tartar sauce" accompanied by garlic flat "bread", House Veggies, & your choice of avocado "fries", or jicama "fries". and my boyfriend orders the Blood Transfusion $8.50: 2 oz. Wheatgrass & Coconut Water. She rings it up, we pay and then she walks back to sit with the guy she was talking to so we sat down. My boyfriend told me he was planning to get something to eat also but didn't want to deal with the rude lady. By that time we kind of already lost our appetite. Trying the food, the veggies were very good, nice and fresh and I also liked the avocado fries. I never received the garlic flatbread and as for the Mock Salmon, it was extremely sour and kind of smelled a bit rank. I finished the veggies and avocado but left most of the mock salmon. My boyfriend's drink was really good but I mean it really was just coconut water and wheatgrass, you can't really mess that up.Overall, I would want to come back to try different items on their menu but the really bad service just kind of turned me away from this place for a while.Pretty hefty amount of money for a regular *small size*...I got something that is normally not on the menu cause when I picked up their order menu, it wasn't listed.

-Grilled Ono Taco - this fish taco was very dry. even adding salsa/chalula couldn't save it.  I think this taco, with the fish cooked properly could be good.

Not very authentic.Takes forever to seat groups.Takes about 20 minutes to seat ppl even if there is nobody in the restaurant.The cheesecake was still frozen when I grabbed it.

I'll be back for work because I have to be.  I will stay elsewhere where they are more guest oriented for funExtremely disappointed.  Our first room STUNK of mold and mildew.  Like the room had flooded.  It was gross.  We opened the window and left for a while and it wasn't any better so we called the front desk and changed rooms.  Changing rooms was all they offered; no apology, didn't help with our bags, NOTHING!  The second room was just a disgusting as we found a shirt under the night stand and when we moved the pillows, there was trash behind the bed.  The hallway of the second room STUNK like urine!  I noticed both rooms need a serious dusting and deep clean.  The carpets looked as if they hadn't been vacuumed regularly.  As a matter of fact, I didn't see a vacuum on the housekeeping cart, nor did I ever hear one running in the 4 days we were there.  I WILL NOT stay here again and with all the other casinos to choose from I urge you to do the same.I came here for a work trip. Needless to say the walls are paper thin and I could hear everything. Including the Bachelor Party down the hall at 4AM screaming to each other at opposite ends of the hallway. I've been to Vegas 5+ times for work trips and wouldn't recommend this hotel for any business related purpose. You won't sleep, pillows are super uncomfortable, and I heard my neighbors in the adjoining room the entire week. The location was so-so, I prefer to be closer to the action and this place is a bit further down the strip than I prefer. If you have a work trip and need a venue - look at The Aria, The Cosmopolitan or the Four Seasons.If I was coming here to Vegas to party with my girlfriends, I still wouldn't stay there.I played craps for a couple hours at the Mirage.  I had more fun the previous two nights at playing at Binion's and at Planet Hollywood.  Three nights of gambling and I broke even.  The problem at the Mirage appears to be burned out employees. There was a palpable level of disdain emanating from the craps table workers.  One employee bragged he'd worked there 10 years but to me, seemed to hate the customers and players.  These gentlemen should retrain and find new careers maybe?  Other tables at other casinos were joyous, the personnel helpful and positive.My cousins hung at the bar while we played.  My husband said the service was disdainful there.  We all tip well and have good jobs, so it isn't us.Later

First the beer - since its a brewery. There is a pretty large selection of craft beers, but I must say most of them seem to be "trendy hipster" type beers. A connoisseur would probably enjoy trying all the different types; I'm more of a lager guy and I really could not find a single beer that seemed light and refreshing for the hot Scottsdale weather. The waitress could only recommend a pretty hoppy and malty pilsner. We ended up taking a gamble on a beer that had quite the poetic description of its flavor profile; it was gross and we couldn't even finish a glass. There wasn't anything wrong wit the beer, some people may absolutely love it, but it wasn't for us - it was just too pungent and overwhelming. While I can appreciate the artistry of the beers they craft, this simply isn't a brewery that caters to my tastes, it's more for trendy hipster types who like fancy & esoteric brews. The food - some of the items were quite good, but way overpriced. If I had to recommend 1 item, it would be the Bison Burger. Really good! but, again, expensive at around $15!  My girlfriend had the veggie burger and found it "ok, nothing special". Again, not worth the high price. The biggest disappointment was the fish 'n chips entre - the walleye. For almost $20 I got three tiny pieces of fish, about the size of a small chicken strip and mostly just oily batter, and then a ton of soggy fries. I would definitely NOT recommend this dish - you get about $4 worth of food. I totally felt ripped off.Overall, with a decent atmosphere and locally crafted brews, the food is good but way overpriced. If I was rich, I would be a repeat customer, otherwise I can't really think of a reason to go back - unless they discounted the Bison burger! Two people can easily spend $75 there and I bet that 50/50 chance that at least one of the entrees will be disappointing. Not good value at all.We were excited to try this place as I love local breweries. I got the flight of 6 of their brews. The downshift IPA was by far their best with their brown ale after that. Their stout and hefeweizen were below par in my opinion. An important note that on multiple of the small glasses of beer there were visible lip marks from previous people. Yuck! My wife got some water and it reeked like a pool there was so much chlorine in it. We asked and they said they triple filter their water for their beer, so why not carry over to water and fountain drinks? The food was, well, bar food. It wasn't anything fancy. I had the burger and fries and my wife had the fish and chips. For the quality of food and drinks it was WAY over-priced. Wish we weren't so disappointed with our visit.We stopped here after reading a bunch of positive reviews on Yelp. We started with the warm pub pretzels which were very tasty and gave us high hopes for the rest of the menu.   Next came the half order of mac and cheese.. Not our cup of tea.. Our 3 year old spit it out instantly, ironically the only person at the table that enjoyed it was out 1 year old, but seeing how he also eat play-doh I wouldn't read to high into that.  My wife and I each ordered a different sandwich. She the grilled chicken and myself the pulled pork. The grilled chicken was flavorful, but too flavorful. Really the only flavor either of us could taste was lime. My pulled pork was very good however, the fries were a different story.  I wanted to give their beers a chance so I ordered a flight of 6 different beers to try. To be honest I had a hard time even picking six as it seems most of their beers lean towards heavier beers such as ipa's and porters. Seemed odd for a warmer climate. Half the beers I tried were average to pretty good. The other half I left in the glass after tasting as they were not worth finishing.Sadly I give SBC a 2 star rating solely for the horrible, unfriendly, bar staff service. Specifically Brian and Shaylin. The food, the beer, and the owner are fantastic. We love this place however every time we stop by and sit at the bar we get either Brian or Shaylin who treat you like you are an inconvenience to their day. Can't even explain how terrible it is. If you go sit at a table not the bar. You will have a great experience. We love sitting at bars when we go out but will definitely not make that mistake again. We have sat at the bar at SBC probably 5 times and every time is the same awful service. Maybe consider moving these 2 bartenders to the kitchen where they do not have interaction with clientele coming in because they clearly haven't learn what 'leave it at the door' means when coming to work.Was really hoping to like this place near my house. Several restaurants have failed in this location and don't hold my hopes out for this one.I had a flight of 5 IPA's and only found one palatable.We ordered Mac and Cheese along with the house meatloaf. I love Mac and Cheese and this was not very good. They need to go eat at Zinc Bistro to see how it should be prepared.When the meatloaf came out the presentation was the same as Alice Coopers Cooperstown restaurant, Mega Death Meatloaf. After trying it that's as far as it went. Meatloaf fell apart on our forks. No crustiness to the meatloaf at all. Mash potatoes and green beans were good.For the prices being charged the food and beer just wasn't very good.

Desserts - nothing spectacularI won't be coming back here unless it was paid for.  I would pay a lil more just to eat at Wynn or Bellagio.I don't understand why everyone is so positive about this buffet. We've eaten at the wicked spoon with the 6 of us today and all of us think that this is one of the worst buffets in Vegas.

Scottsdale, AZI went to Chelsea's Kitchen about a month ago to see what all the hype was about.  I have to say  I was extremely disappointed in every aspect of the restaurant.  The food was subpar and especially for how expensive it was.  They do give generous portions, but overall the menu options are not one of restaurant with a 4 star rating and their kind of reputation as being an Arcadia "staple".  I had the cheeseburger and my girlfriend had the fried chicken which according to our server was the best option.  It was a standard burger and my girlfriend said the chicken was dry and not worth the amount.  The waitstaff was good and the service was exceptional, but the food falls short.  I'm glad I went, but won't be coming back.40 minutes, 125 dollars later. Pathetic. I love to eat out. I am a total foodie and because of that, I've eaten at a lot of places in the valley. Good, bad, everywhere in between. I came here with my mom for Mother's Day dinner. Seemed odd that I had never been. Highly rated on yelp, great patio, and I love LGO so this seemed like a perfect choice. Boy was I wrong. We felt rushed the entire time. From the minute we sat down at our table with the waitress repeatedly asking if we were ready, until the moment we paid our check took 40 minutes. How is that even possible? Forty minutes for three courses on Mother's Day. It's not like I wanted to spend time with my mom or anything. Our appetizer came out with our soup and our entrees. For entrees priced at over twenty dollars I would rather not be rushed through my meal. I felt like I was at Applebee's. The food was mediocre, especially for the price. We got a variety of things off the menu including the short rib tacos and pan fried chicken. Both lacked seasoning and I felt like I could have made them at home. Great ambience especially on a nice day, but if I'm going to pay 20+ an entree I expect better service (or any service at all) and better food. Highly disappointed. The only reason this place got two stars instead of one was the free chocolate chip cookies at the front on your way out.Just like other yelpers, I too search for the best rated places to dine-in and enjoy a fun, new, and cool meal. Yet, at times, this type of approach can also come with a huge downside. We (7) members, were in AZ for a graduation party, so we decided to dine-in for breakfast/lunch type of restaurant. I saw this place and its reviews so I had to bring the entire family to it. Wow huge disappointment. The services was horrible, slow, and inconsistent. The food was so expensive and small portions. No fried food at all, I was like OMG r u kidding me? the waitress said "No i am not" this is a Gourmet type of restaurant. I was like to myself "this has to be some-sort of a nightmare" it was too late to relocate or try other places. So we decided to order our food. Honestly, every entire we ordered was over priced and small. For a total of 4 adults and 3 kids, our total of was $179 dollars. I gave them a tip so it came up to $200. But, thank God this place is not anywhere near my city (San Diego CA).I had high hopes for Chelsea's when I read on it here on Yelp but unfortunately maybe my hopes were too high.

On our first visit, we were told one of the Chef's didn't come to work, so expect things to be slow. At least they set our expectations, and the food was actually better the first time.This restaurant is impossible to find...hidden on the lower level of the Optima Camelview condo complex, and parking is even worse. You have to enter the parking complex under the Optima and, good luck finding a spot in visitor parking. Signage is not strong here. If, or, when you find this restaurant they offer both indoor, or, outside dining. The outside is a charming and inviting setting, however, bring a flashlight to read the menu. It is extremely dark with only a small candle to read by. The menu is large, perhaps too large. The are open for breakfast, lunch and dinner. They seem to be trying to do too much, with few customers. They offer a full bar. The mac and cheese is bland, it seemed liked Cheese Wiz on shell macaroni. The other sandwiches were ok, nothing exciting or different. The menu prices are on the high side. This restaurant replaced another deli that folded. Their appeal is definitely to the residents of the Condos here. It would NEVER be a destination restaurant...it is too difficult to find for mediocre food. We tried this restaurant because it is a sister restaurant of one of our favorites in Phoenix, "Fez". We wish them luck, I hated to see restaurant fold, but, this location has a difficult obstacle to over come with it's location.My girlfriends and I were looking for a place with good food and a good vibe.  The cab let us out and not 2min later we were running back to catch it.  There's a good chance we should have given it more of a try...There were people that appeared to be in their late 60's flooding out of the restaurant. Now, I'm not saying there's anything wrong with that but a couple hot ladies looking to have some fun....not so much.  It looked pretty cute on the inside maybe it was someone's birthday or a celebration...There's a possibility I'll go back one day, I may wait a few decades.  Unless someone convinces me otherwise. :)Went here for dinner and drinks. The dinner was very underwhelming. I got the braised pork with garlic rice bowl. The pork was very dry and bland. It was basically a subpar chipotle carnitas bowl. Also tried the Mac and cheese, it was overcooked. Got a side of fries for the table -- that was the best part of the meal. Would not recommend going here for the food. Maybe come for the drinks, they're in the stronger side.I have mixed feelings about Halo... On one hand, I got my puppy here and he is a good dog, but on the other, our actual experience was not very good. We went one day to look at dogs with the thought that we might adopt. They have a lot of dogs here and the conditions aren't wonderful. A lot of the dogs are in indoor/outdoor cages that were very dirty when we went. The dogs kept indoors were 3-4 per cage. We filled out the paperwork to meet some of the dogs we had seen and handed them to the man at the counter. Then we preceded to wait....and wait....and wait. Not wanting to be impatient, I finally went up to ask how much longer it would be. Oh, they lost my paperwork. Great. We refilled out the paperwork and finally got taken back to see the dogs. The people who work/volunteer here weren't very knowledgeable, but helped as much as they could. We found a dog that would be a good match and his adoption fee was 185$... a lot more than the Humane Society. I understand, but it seemed a little steep. We took our pup home and fed him the food they sent home with us. He wouldn't eat. He wouldn't eat for a week. We thought maybe it was an adjustment period. That is until we fed him a different food and he ate it all. How long had he been at the shelter refusing to eat? I know he had been there at least a week. That just made me sad. Additionally, unlike the Humane Society, Halo does not include a vet visit with adoption, so that is unfortunate, as many animals do have initial medical needs. I don't know that I would adopt here again, but I did get a good pup and am thankful for finding him.

The moral of the story? LUKEWARM THINGS COME TO THOSE WHO WAIT!MANAGEMENT: AN HOUR AND A HALF FOR A 2 COURSE MEAL?! ARE YOU EFFING KIDDING ME?!! Please feel free to retrain your staff using my tips as a guide. I swear, I won't even take credit for it.I'm sorry Lola's - I wanted to like you, but I just can't. Downtown is my hood and I'd love to see a wide variety of restaurants flourish, but you've got some work to do.The location inside the rehabbed Holsum Bread Factory is fantastic. Cool neon outside, nifty factory-like architecture inside. It's also walkable from all of the residential buildings downtown (although a bit of a hike from my beloved Ogden).I just simply wasn't impressed with the food. It's better than a French Quarter tourist trap (Pere Antoine, I'm looking at you!) but I found my jambalaya uninspired and dry.It's been a while since I've last been, and I think a return is in order. I'll try something different next time and hopefully I'll be able to revisit this review with more positive feelings.So my first visit to this place, my girlfriend and I were meeting to catch up.  She has been here before and i anticipate bringing my husband if all is good.  I am very excited.  We arrived right when they opened, so to see the influx of people appearing at the door after we were seated was encouraging.  Service was fine and basically what you would expect.   I ordered the catfish po boy and fries.  Nice soft bread, lettuce, tomatoes and a tasty sauce...but where's the fish?????  I mean would you pay 11.00 bucks for a McDonald size fish filet split in half?   I did ask our server if this was the normal portion, and apparently so.  I was more disappointed cuz I've so wanted to report back home how good things were and plan a second trip with my hubby.  I was also still hungry.  my Po Boy was "very po" and lacked flavor too.

*The drink I ordered was $18, and that seemed to be about average

VIP who? yeah dude..VIP line is also a long line wait. Theres one thing marquee needs tolearn how to do is learn how to present a club better from the outside.I will never go back again soley based on the fact of disorganization. .......................THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE LADIES!!!...................................Ladies... you know how you read all the reviews about all the stairs..

 It is a decent atmosphere, the waiter was good if not a little arrogant, but overall did a decent job.Although they don't show it on the menu link in Yelp, they had sushi the night we were there.  I had a sushi roll with crab, lobster and jalapeno and it was good.  However, I think $25 for a sushi roll is a bit over the top.  I do give high marks for the Miso soup. It was probably the best I have had.One of my dining partners reported that the lobster in their dish was pretty chewy.The food quality is good, but not blow me away, so I feel value-wise this is a 2 star.Food:   CRAB CAKE: *** very small

Mistake no.1 forgiven.Ordered a paratha(a bread) and as we were eating it, we find a piece of polythene cooked along with the bread. Disgusting. We mentioned that to the waitress and she apologises and tries to talk to the chef. Apparently the chef has disappeared, so she tells the manager, who cares two hoots about our complaint. Is this how you'd treat a customer?This attitude of the restaurant's management is absolutely shocking and I have to admit that though some of the dishes at the restaurant are absolutely fantastic, the service is absolutely pathetic and deplorable. It ruins the whole experience of eating out in a restaurant.Coupled with the sad devil may care attitude of the management, I'm afraid that I will not be going back to this place any time soon. For a restaurant that has opened up recently and looking for patronage from customers, I'm sorry to say that, they are horrible.I wish they would atleast learn to respect a customer and acknowledge their mistakes.I'm struggling with writing this review, as sometimes individual dishes here can be quite good. I've had the buffet here 4 times, and each time there have been issues. Today was no different. I'm a big fan of rasam, the spicy South Indian soup, and, while the rasam here is delicious, it's never, ever hot. Again today, lukeworm soup. Last time I complained, but today I thought "why bother?", as it appears they didn't learn anything from the last time. When I went to dish it out, there were no soup cups or bowls there, only the little saucers that they serve their chutney and pickles in, and teacups for the nonexistent chai. When I asked the woman there for a larger bowl, she went to the kitchen and brought some out, but the owner, who was overseeing this exchange in his micro-managey way, stopped her and then brought me one of these little saucers to serve myself some soup in. Really, it's like a thimbleful. So ok, annoying, but not a deal breaker. On the buffet there is a meat section and a vegetarian section, and there are always interesting dishes available that you might not find at other Indian restaurants. Today they had goat curry and chicken biryani. I like their goat curry, but the chicken biryani was too spicy. I also don't really like meat in a stew to be served on the bone, and both of these were...it's just too damn hard to eat. I like spicy food, but they go overboard with the cayenne here. I'm seeing from some of the other reviews that this chef is from Tamarind, and now I understand, as Tamarind uses too much cayenne also. Better Indian chefs rely less on cayenne and more on fresh green chiles and an array of dried chiles to spice their food. It shows a lack of creativity and subtlety that this guy just dumps cayenne all over everything. Lots of the dishes have this problem, even the toor dal, which should never be hot...you lose all of the other delicious flavors. There was a Northern Indian veggie dish on the buffet today that would have been good but for the overwhelming preponderence of garam masala, which effectively wiped out the taste of every other ingredient in the stew. The one bright spot on the buffet today was a delicious vegetable upma. Upma is a sort of cereal made with rava or semolina, often eaten for breakfast in Southern India. When it shows up on a buffet, it says comfort food to me, and this one was good; flecked with whole cumin and mustard seeds, with broccoli and carrots that were done to perfection. But for that I might have gone hungry. The folks from Tamarind also took over one of the only other good Indian restaurants in the area when they bought the place in Cranberry. I can't remember the name of it then, but now it's Taste of India. It was a great restaurant before they bought it...now the food is like at all of their other restaurants. If you do go to Mintt, don't show up just as they open. They'll let you in the door, but then ask you to wait while they finish setting up the buffet. That chai tea never did make an appearance today, so they're not ready for business when they open their doors. None of these things alone would stop me from going there, but, taken all together, they equal a very poor dining experience. One of the reviewers here mentioned that the Indian food scene here in Pittburgh has been rather spotty. I'd say it still is.Very poor service!!!!! We walked in at 10 min to 2:30 when they close their lunch buffet n they turned us away !!!! They still had people sitting at tables. We ordered take out from them another time n the Chinese food was too spicy n salty. I will not go back here if u r willing to spend the money one should be treated well!!!!Meal Description:  Rubber chicken placed in bowl of Campbell's tomato soup, no Mango Lassi, two spoons (no fork), butter naan and garlic naan (unable to differentiate), level of satisfaction = none.Yo I just came from an event catered by these ppl.  The naan was not warmed, the veggies were overcooked and the cream-based sauces were bland and lacking spice.  Sorry, no good criticism for this culinary experience.  Well, maybe one - they didn't screw up the rice.Perhaps they do it better in smaller batches like at the restaurant.  I'm open to trying it, though not unless someone else is paying.The place was freezing yesterday.  The plates were cold making the food cold.  I've eaten here a few times and have had about enough now.  They refuse to put small bowls out for the soup.  They took the cups off the buffet years ago so you couldn't use those and are using styrofoam for the tea.  Shame on you!  Lazy and wasteful.  How many trips am I supposed to make to the buffet for some rasam.  It's ridiculous and thoughtless.The food is mostly very tasty and well prepared.  My problem lies with the amount of cayenne they put in EVERY dish.  ALL OF THEM.  I eat at hundreds of Indian restaurants all over the country and NONE except Tamarind in the Pittsburgh area are hotter. I would like to slowly enjoy my food not gulp it down quickly.  I like spicy but this is ridiculous.  The service has ranged from rude to ok here and the assortment of buffet items used to better. It's too bad.  I would come here more often.  I was at one of their places and they even made the raita hot.  Clueless.Had the lunch buffet on a Friday. Very disappointing selection for vegetarians. There was just Dal, sambar, rasam, beetroot sabzi, carrot rice (literally rice with some carrot slices and a few spices)  and veg pakoras. Literally nothing to eat with Naan apart from dal. Maybe I came in on a wrong day. Please call ahead and ask for the menu for the day before going. Had many expectations of this place. Maybe all the recommendations was for a la carte. Buffet was extremely disappointing.Sunday buffet was disastrous.  None of the items were even average also. Butter chicken was probably the worst I ever had in my life. Will never go there again.Absolute disappointment.  My wife and I are avid Indian Food Fans and when we found out that there was an Indian restaurant near our new house we got excited!  We've missed Karma and Kabobeesh in Philly so much we were dying for some decent Indian.We ordered 1 Chicken Tikka Masala (Indian hot), 1 Goat Kurma (Normal), 1 Rosemary Naan, 1 Garlic Naan, and 1 order of Samosa.The Good:  The Samosa's and the Naan was good.The Bad:

Dinner- tilapia, couscous, brocolli, apple with caramel dip+Did they supplement any unfinished food? How did that system work?

Me: yes that will do it. (smile.. )

Service- BAD The restaurant industry is all about consistency... graze lacks this quality!  It was good the first time, but after that it has been bad. Most of all (like other reviewers) the service is sub par. Good thing you are on the square otherwise I don't think you would be around much longer.After my initial review Graze reached out and offered us the opportunity to try the place again. The bad news is that we agree that it was pretty much the same kind of experience. It's possible that we are just ordering the wrong things. The one thing that was a bit better was the service. The waiter recognized us and paid close attention to us, remembering us as "his most patient table ever..."We tried several dishes this time. The one that I recall best was a bowl of mussels in a spicy broth. It was served with a side of fries, which I thought was really odd. One of the best things to do with a Bouillabaisse type dish is to mop up the tasty broth with bread. The dish which had Asian flavors was also a one-note samba. It was mussels and broth and that's pretty much it. I saw a couple tables around us ordering burgers. Perhaps that's this place's wheelhouse. I'm not waiting 75 minutes for a burger. I wish this place luck, but in my one opinion, this place needs polish. I think it's popular for it's spectacular location and relation to another very overrated restaurant next door, L'Etoile. I will say that we tried their newest restaurant, the Korean fusion "Sujeo"and both loved it.I will note that I do have credible friends who have the opposite opinion of this place.I'm not sure what all the buzz is about Graze. The service was fine but I found the menu uninspiring.  There were six of us our table. so a variety of dishes were ordered.  We started with a cheese plate. The selections were decent enough and tasty, but I thought the servings were a bit on the small side. If you are from the greater Madison area, all the cheese selections we ordered were easily found at a decent market or grocery store.I ordered the Chicken and Waffle. It was said to be something of a signature dish at Graze. The chicken was bland and and  not at all tender. The waffle cold,  essentially flavorless and flat. The waffle was cold enough that the savory butter on the waffle refused to melt at all. The quintessential Chicken and Waffle dish should have a plump, yet crispy savory couple of pieces of chicken atop a crisp thick, slightly sweet waffle. A couple of people ordered the Mac & Cheese... a bit pricey for the size of the dish... the serving looked more like a side dish. This said, those that ordered it said it was very rich and satisfying.  Another in our party ordered the Bip Bop. It looked pretty good and yet another ordered the Market Grilled Steak. It looked decent. I think the star and most memorable aspect of the of the night was the Sticky Pudding. This was really good, very rich, and I dare say sticky. I just expected more from Graze... if I am going to pay a premium for comfort food, it should wow me... I should be contemplating what I am going to order on my next visit.  I could have ordered a burger... but I'm pretty particular about my burgers... The $12 burger seemed pretty standard for the price tag... The $21 burger looked intriguing, but not $21 intriguing. It may be the Capitol Square, but it's not Michigan Avenue.Would I go back - I doubt it...Decent food in a nice setting, but it's kind of disingenuous to call it a "gastropub". It's neither pubby nor particularly epicurean. We sat at the bar, as we like to do, but it was just kind of a strange experience and the servers/bartender were awkward. I ordered the moules frites, which were actually very good, and I appreciated that there were no closed mussels in the bowl (major pet peeve). Fianc had the pork bibimbap, which was somehow lacking flavor and the rice, formed into a brick and grilled, had a gluey, compressed texture. He liked his beers, but I was turned off by the wine. First, when I asked the bartender for a suggestion and said my only dislike was Chardonnay, he steered me toward the Chardonnay, which was the most expensive by-the-glass option at $15, saying "It's not like other Chardonnays"...ok...gave it a try and it was exactly like other Chardonnays. So I ordered a glass of Pinot at a more reasonable $8 or $9 per glass, and it was tastier but oddly warm. Like room temperature warm. The other bartender said that since they have a tap wine system, the wine just tends to be warmer than if it were in the fridge. Gotcha, but a) you aren't the only restaurant in the country with a tap wine system and yet others still manage to chill their wines properly and b) offering me a glass of ice cubes as a solution was just tacky. With tax and tip dinner ended up being in the upper $60s/lower $70s.It's saturday and the place isnt even half way full. We ordered the pickle board, bibimbap, and 2 burgers.Took about 30minutes for our pickle board to show. Why? All of it was premade. Literally waited another 30min for our main dish. After i asked the host to ask our waiter to check on our food (our waiter disappeared for that last long stretch) the HoST not the waiter comes back to tell us- brace yourself- your ticket is up next they just had to have "a conversation about the white cheese". Back story, my dads friend asked for white cheese on his burger. But a conversation? Like a 45min conversation? Talk about reaching. No excuse for them to take so long to bring our appetizer and our main dishes. I was super pissed.Was the food good? Yes but not worth the wait. Plenty of other good restaurants within walking distance.Oh yeah i found a black hair on my fried rice but was so hungry i just picked out that portion and kept sholving food in my mouth.  Fyi my hair is blonde.Great space, food and service from the wait staff was good, but one of the bartender who worked last night is snooty and rude. Not sure I will be spending my $ there anymore.My family took me here for Mother's Day brunch. I had heard about Graze so I was impressed and excited about their selection. When I ordered iced coffee, the server suggested Magic Coffee. Decadent and delicious. Creamy but not too thick, sweet but not too sticky. But I was so disappointed with my entree. My Eggs Benedict could have been so good if they had only toasted the English muffin! The eggs were beautifully poached. The consistency of the hollandaise was like a nice glaze rather than a thick dollop. But without the crunchy texture of an English muffin, it all turned to mush. Perhaps they chose to give it a quick turn on the grill but that only warmed it up. Huge mistake!Adequate bar food; sub-par for Korean-inspired food, upscale looking happy hour. Graze is an almost average gastropub. (Alchemy, Weary Traveler, Harmony, even Old Fashioned offer more interesting, tasty meals.) If you want Kraft-mac bland, the Korean food is fine (seriously,  Kraft would have to skip the cheese to match the plain flavor of Graze). Kimchi is supposed to be fermented, not rotted. Without crispy rice, there is no proper bibimbap. Suits and hipsters circle each other nervously over cocktails; if this is your scene, you're keeping the doors open. Food sales do not. In a smaller pond this would be bigger fish food. There are many better options, some within a  block or two.I am not from Madison but I travel here pretty frequently and have absolutely loved all the restaurants to date... Until I came to graze. Mind you, I'm a clean eater; I love clean, home grown food - which graze offers. There were three of us that went to brunch today and all of our entrees were HORRIBLE :( First off when we got there the host gave us our water and said a server would be by soon. 15 minutes later and no one came by so we asked the host about it and they actually comped us our app for the wait. Awesome, but that's where the greatness ends.. The burrito and burgers were so terrible; we ended up eating a few bites, paid, left and ate somewhere else. We will definitely not be back.The only good thing about this place is the beer. But seriously, the cheese curds and heirloom tomato salad were good but the entrees were terrible. The lamb was disgusting and the market price steak was a 6 oz. cut of Bavettes with terrible potatoes and greens for $30. C'mon chef Tony I was expecting a lot better.Where do I even start? I guess I'll start off by stating that I'm a proud Chicago transplant so my opinion of Graze my be totally different from the locals. In my humble opinion Graze is all flash and no substance. Aesthetically Graze is gorgeous. The view of the Capital directly across the street adds to the ambience. Unfortunately that's the only good thing I can say about Graze. The food is mediocre. I have no idea how people can give this place 5 stars but then again this is Madison Wi so the rating makes sense. My 6 year old daughter can make better food. For me that is a serious problem. How do you ruin something as simple as Chicken and Waffles? The staff is also very rude and inattentive. I literally saw the hostess berating a customer. Totally unacceptable in my book. Enjoy Graze for the view and the aesthetics not the food...I have been to Graze five or six times and it's never been great.  The fancy burger is always a mistake, it tastes good for the first few bites but by halfway through it's just gross.  That's my experience of much of the food, in order to make it 'comfort' they kicked up the grease to the point that it's distasteful.  Now when I go with friends I don't know what to order because everything I have tried before was a dud.Not a terrible place, but there are better in the same area and price range.Meh.The food is way overrated and expensive for what you get. I've been under whelmed the 3 or 4 times I've been there. There's so many great places to eat in this town I just don't get how this does so well. It's twice as expensive with small portions and below average food. Also there's a bartender is a really not nice lady.As soon as you walk in you'll notice that jeans and a t shirt won't suffice at this upscale casual restaurant. The service is always great and accommodating. The food is another deal. The menu is seasonal or code for limited. Don't plan on getting full because this is the place where you get tasty food, not huge portions, not even medium portions We must call them what they are, SMALL. A place for foodies to go catch up with their elitist yuppie friends. Also, plan on spending $35 a person if you want to get near full. No joke, I went there and got a pickle board appetizer and a steak and I left HUNGRY. Had to go get another bite to eat. I give it only two stars because a restaurant, no matter how nice and friendly, should fill you up if you spend $35 per person.Ate brunch here with my brother. We were seated quickly enough for a late Saturday morning, only waited ten minutes at most. I had the Chef Tory's breakfast sandwich and he had the chilaquiles, we both got bloody marys. The sandwich wasn't bad, but a sausage mc muffin from McDonald's is probably just as good. The fries were really good though. My brother didn't seem to care for the chilaquiles that much; no opinion of them other than they weren't that great. The Bloody Mary was horrible; one of the worst I've ever had. It wasn't spicy or flavorful, it just tasted like clamato. Service was nothing great, the server who kept refilling our water glasses did so so frequently to the point of being obnoxious, and she would spill water on the table every time, just completely unnecessary. Every time you took a drink of water, there she was to top off the glass. Overall, I'm not in much of a hurry to come back here to eat. This restaurant seems very overrated and overhyped. I think people in Madison heap praise on anything Tory Miller does, regardless of whether it is good or not.His business plan is far better than the food. A hip location and popular chef command long lines and high prices. A good bartender and somewhat creative cocktails help. Salad = dreadful. Browned apple slices under a massive pile of bitter greens with a bacon vinaigrette that tasted like a bottle of liquid smoke are not creative. The favors were imbalanced. Bibimbap was tasty, with clever fried rice cakes, but the presentation was simple, with everything piled on top. It was almost as tasty as the bibimbap on Korean Air, which was better presented.After hearing all the hype, I went to Graze with some friends.  I love the idea of locally farmed foods, and was anticipating a wonderful meal.  I found the menu to be...um, how shall I say it...interesting, in that it was a lot of strange food combinations that seemed to be put together just because they were strange combinations, not because they actually went well together.  I found to food to be both boring and greatly overpriced for the mediocre quality.  Considering the lack of ability to even carry on a conversation due to the poor acoustics, the service was abysmally slow, and I left feeling like I needed to go someplace to eat a meal because both my palate and stomach were unsatisfied.  Not interested in going back.This is specifically a Mothers Day Brunch review. It's 1:30 on Mothers Day and you are out of beignets and pancakes. Seriously?  Pancakes and beignets. Batter takes like 3-5 minutes to prepare. Hasn't been busier than a normal Farmers Market brunch but the excuse is that the kitchen has been busy and is tired. It is this arrogance that causes me to usually not want to eat at a Tory Miller restaurant. Sorry I came here today - although the bar staff is great and the reason for the two stars. We have many better options in town now thankfully. Folks that see the customer as spending their hard earned dollars for a meal out and wanting to provide a great experience.  And many have better food now, frankly, and are even better at farm to table. Should have gone to Heritage or Merchant or Marigolds since I am downtown. Won't make this mistake again. PS. I hate giving bad reviews to home town places where I have had good meals in the past, but I feel less bad right now since:

Atmosphere and decor - I guess this is their idea of cool but the husband and I agreed that this place could be anywhere in a past-its-prime area of Brooklyn and would blend in perfectly. Again, totally boring.Honey Salt should be called Vanilla. That would be more appropriate.I went with a group of colleagues to honey salt recently. It had great reviews and we were expecting a great experience. However, the restaurant was underprepared for a Friday noon rush on Dec 6. The wait staff was very nice and did their best to accommodate our groups demands. I believe my group understood that the restaurant was having trouble coping with an unexpectedly large crowd. The food came out over an hour later and the desserts were late, too. In the end the group's conclusion was that the food was very nicely prepared but that the manager was the least favorable part of our visit. His apologies were patronizing and unconcerned. The problem seemed to extend to small groups, too, since there were others openly complaining about wait times. Needless to say, our conference attendance for the day was badly affected and our request for acknowledgement of mistakes was met with a combative manager who must be further trained on dealing with difficult situations. If I rated the food, the grilled cheese sandwich was excellent so I would say 4 stars. The wait staff was also 4 stars. But - I firmly believe that the manager has damaged his restaurant's reputation with a group of professionals with money to spend and large ties to Las Vegas. Come alone to Honey Salt if you must, but not with groups.Honestly a disappointment. Food was ok, but price was too high, it looks nice on the inside.....moving on.This restaurant is mediocre at best. Atmosphere is lovely however the poor food quality is why we won't return. I think they are more caught up in the concept of the restaurant than the actual flavor and presentation of the food. The farm to table concept works well if you can enjoy the flavor of the ingredients which we could not. Most dishes were extremely salty, so much that I could not taste the tuna, avocado or scallops in the dishes. Brussels sprouts were burned beyond recognition. The mac and cheese came swimming in the au jus of the chicken dish rather than on the side, so the entree was a soupy mess of watered down flavors. Staff was pleasant and heard our feedback. I am curious if the chefs are even tasting the food before it goes out. Overall very disappointed with this place and won't be back.We had lunch reservations but ended up waiting about 15 minutes before we were seated as only one busser was working. Two star rating mainly is for poor service; plenty of servers bustling around but  took forever to have someone take our order, and then none bothered to check in with us. Perhaps we shouldn't have been surprised  that this oh-so-trendy yuppy place but paid huge attention to the celebrity there. Very noisy and tables close together. Food is so-so; overpriced for what you can get better and cheaper at similar restaurant.I felt that the Caesar salad (for $12) was extremely overrated. I wanted to see what all the hype was about at Honey Salt. Ordered a carafe of wine....mediocre wine and it was $24. The service was slow and lacked in personality. I don't like to be "bothered" but she never came by.I didn't know that I'll go back.The Skinny: the food tries too hard (3) service: it's good service but their menu again are deceptive with their unclear pricing structure (3) Value: for the quality of the food they serve, it's really overpriced (2).I don't know why the hubs keeps wanting to come back here. In my head, Honey Salt is trying too hard to modernize/upgrade modern comfort food classics -- when there isn't much wrong with the the original in the first place. Sigh. Okay. Moving on.'We've come back twice since our first visit.We came for dinner once and lunch more recently. Dinner was a vast improvement compared to the horrible brunch last visit (see previous review) so we decided to hit it up during Restaurant week for lunch this week.Going to this joint during lunch is pretty much another episode of the "Housewives of Summerlin". I swear one table of two probably had enough "cosmetic enhancements" that is worth more than a house. Yup - this is the atmosphere here.We noticed though that they had this power lunch deal - $20 for a sandwich, soup/salad, fries and a choice of two desserts. My hubs reviewed their power lunch deal and was like great! That includes their Wagyu beef burger and he wanted to give it a shot. As it was listed under the sandwiches, you would assume that you'd pay the same power lunch price. BUYER BEWARE: 3 dollar surcharge on their burger option.  Which is bulls^&t because no where on the menu does it say that they charge $3 extra for the burger.Whatever. On to the food.I got the Caesar salad with kale, their version of a Cuban and fries with a raspberry sorbet. The Caesar was decidedly okay - it wasn't anything special - the dressing didn't have enough garlic/lemon punch to it. I also like a good anchovy kick and it just wasn't there. The Cubano was definitely lukewarm borderline cold. The thin layer of what looked like italian ham didn't offer enough salty porky goodness to offset the dry/flavorless roasted pork. There wasn't enough mustard, it definitely needed mayo and more pickles. The cheese wasn't really melted on to the sandwich either to get the gooey factor. Overall - a pass for me. The fries were okay - pretty much your standard fries from anywhere.The hubby's hamburger was okay as far as he was able to say but the patty was definitely underseasoned.The bread pudding was good. Nice caramelization and not overly sweet. The raspberry sorbet was nothing special though and I probably wouldn't recommend getting it again.Overall, I think their food deserves a 3. Considering the prices they charge for the okay cuisine, this place is over priced by a long shot. Plus, the deceptive prices they have on their menu makes this place a 2 starred review. I really don't feel the need to go back here.My husband and I went here because my husband had heard from a few friends that it was fantastic. Our meal did not at all reflect that reputation.While we did enjoy the ambience and service, the food was disappointing. Though it was clearly well cooked, it was bland. From the bread to the entree (roast chicken) to dessert (apple pie), everything suffered from a severe lack of flavor.This would be a great restaurant to take your mother to, especially if your mother is as deathly afraid of spices as mine is. I would go back just to have a drink at the bar, but definitely not for dinner or dessert.One of those places you read great reviews about, go there, then get super disappointed!Greeted up front and seated immediately in the back by the restrooms (Strike 1)..

After reading the reviews we were expecting a great night of Italian food, this was not the case.  We were seated at one of the two tops and with how the tables are setup it's not possible for the person sitting next to the wall the sit down without moving the table.  We are both thin and watched other diners sit down and feel cramped all night.  I had the Lobster Bisque soup special it was good and had lots of large pieces of lobster in the soup but the flavor profile was different from any lobster bisque I have had in my life and it came out scolding hot.  At first glance the dinner menu looks big but when you realize 80% of the entrees are breaded veal or chicken with different sauces on them the menu becomes small.  Our dinner entrees probably spent a little too much time sitting in the window in the kitchen the plates were scolding hot and my veal looked like it had been sitting there a while.  My wife's chicken Marsala was good but my veal was just average.  For the price I expected more...While good is more than acceptable everyone we know complains about the price. The wine list is like quadruple retail. And when we asked why we were given the brush off like this was beneath them to respond. Well folks Madoson Ave it ain't. It's in a strip mall next to a workout studio. Get real guys. Fix the prices.Extremely overpriced for very average food. Ambiance is nice and staff was very good.

As for the cameras on display, I own two off them. I find this place to be a waste of time. Unknowledgeable staff hellbent on upselling, and it's basically just a print shop. Not even a quality one at that.Honestly, I have visited this store several times, but only to take pictures. Haha. I don't really ever feel inclined to buy anything from here.I finally went upstairs to the "museum," and they have great selfie lighting, but not a whole ton else.Ordered delivery and it was ridiculously slow.After an hour driver calls me and tells me he's lost. His GPS doesn't have my address, no smart phone. Had to guide him street by street to find my place. How is it possible to be a delivery guy without a functional GPS?Wings were decent but had better. Everything was cold. Unacceptable.I am new the the world of vaping and thought I would swing by this place on my way home to get some ejuice and a cartomizer for an automatic draw battery I had. I didnt need any tanks or any fancy bulky batteries, since I am a noob and only vape on occasion. When I explained to the man at the counter what I was looking for, he directed me to the circle k across the street for the 'cheap crappy cartridges'. I didnt know what to say! I felt like I dragged a civic to a high end car show, and the man was looking down his nose at me.I did a lot of research before coming in, on the cartomizer I had in mind and knew that there are a smaller and very popular alternative to the massive tanks. The store obviously caters to a specific crowd. From the looks of the shop, it is very clean and he has several large batteries, tanks, and many flavors of ejuice but  doesnt carry cartomizers, cartridges, or parts to assemble your own.  Perhaps next time the man will consider educating me on why he feels its inferior and maybe sell me something for my taste. Instead i left without buying anything and feeling embarrassed for considering myself among the vape crowd.As eager visitors from Los Angeles,  we happened upon Short Stack while walking downtown.   The food was really tasty and gluten free pancakes were awesome.  The place is really nicely decorated with a nostalgic feel -- but no smiles from the wait staff.  As mentioned in other reviews,  you order at the counter and then grab a number (cutely placed on a retired license plate) which sits on your table until your order is ready for delivery.   The bummer may have been the position of the table at which we sat, but every person who passed by us or who brought over drinks seemed stressed,  overextended (3pm in afternoon with no crowd there) and just generally so unenthusiastic that our excitement at being there was substantially diminished.   Also, staff seemed loathe to help when I was trying to find sweetener for my iced tea which wasn't offered upon delivery, and the direction to find it neither.   As I wandered to the other side of the restaurant in search of it, nobody at the counter paid any attention as I struggled to make sense of what eventually presented itself in the form of a poorly marked baker's rack stocked with various condiments as well as sweeteners.   In addition,  while really tasty, the quantity of food on the plate seemed way too small  given the cost.   My iced tea, organic,  but glass filled with lots of ice,  took 3 long sips to imbibe,  and no refills are given.   Overall,  disappointed because we wanted to LOVE this place,  and thought we would've -- but we didn't leave thinking we'd go back.   BummerSadly, another style over substance restaurant in downtown Madison...My husband and I went on a Saturday morning around 10:30 am. It was busy, but we expected that given the day and time. We were told that once we ordered, it would take about 40 minutes to get our food, which seemed excessive, but we decided to give it a go.We ordered at the counter and managed to snag a table. It was extremely loud and difficult to carry on a conversation--not ideal when facing a 40-minute wait time on the food. I watched a lot of servers wandering around with drinks or plates in their hands, desperately searching for the correct table, and it seemed like maybe this place is a little too busy/crowded for the order-at-the-counter format.Food finally arrived. Husband got the Cajun biscuits and gravy, which he really liked. I got the breakfast scramble, which was good but nothing special, and was a bit cool as if it had been sitting for a while. The sourdough bread was standard. The cheesy grits were bland. Prices felt a bit high for the amount and quality of the food.Overall, it's meh. Certainly not terrible. Nothing that made me want to run screaming for the hills. But definitely nothing special, and no real reason to go back. There are way better breakfast places in Madison.I really wanted to like this place more than I did, and the sweet potato pancakes were pretty good, but there's a couple of things that sort of killed it for me.  After ordering at the counter and having to get my own coffee, I realized that what I like most about going out for breakfast is just chilling out and being taken care of... and having to get up 2-3 times to refill my coffee is something I can do at home (the servers had plenty of time on their hands to come around with a carafe).  I took my 7 year old with me and realized afterwards that he more than doubled the price of his main dish by ordering OJ ($3) and a side of bacon ($4.99?!?).  The OJ was fresh squeezed but unless you're in Florida or get lucky with the oranges, its not worth it in Wisconsin (and of course my kid didn't drink it, but I did, because it had pulp!  More a knock on my kid than the restaurant for that).  The bacon was 3 slices that may have been locally sourced, but was nothing special to justify the price.I'd been looking forward to eating here for awhile, so this past Sunday I stopped in around 7am for breakfast and some paper-reading time before continuing with my day.  It was disappointing.My food was good.  I had the breakfast burrito and enjoyed it.  The restaurant itself is comfortable and is a great place to relax and watch the world go by on State St.  At least it could have been.When I walked in, one of the first things I noticed was the loud music playing.  It was turned down just a bit, but as I sat down with my cup of coffee, I was treated to more music -- from a different source -- coming from the kitchen.  So  now I'm listening to two different songs at pretty much equal volume.  Not long after that, someone in the kitchen (which is open to the dining area) started using what sounded like a Shop-vac.  This went on for at least 10 minutes before I'd decided I'd had enough and left.I can cook my own breakfast at home, so going out to eat in the morning  is something I enjoy, especially on a Sunday when I can read for awhile with a second cup of coffee.  Not sure I'd come back here to do that. The staff seem more interested in entertaining themselves than in providing a good atmosphere for customers, and the Shop-vac?  I can't explain it.I got the cajun biscuits and gravy and my husband ordered a coffee.  The total was $14. The coffee was good.  The gravy and the eggs part of my dish was good but the biscuits were not.  They were dry and over cooked.  Personally when I get biscuits and gravy I expect buttermilk biscuits and these were not it.  Also it was pricey for something that wasn't that spectacular.  I would be interested to try something else here but for now I can't give it a higher rating.My husband and I stopped by an hour before a performance at the Overture. When we arrived, there were plenty of tables open and it is breakfast food. Shouldn't take too long to get food right? Wrong.The menu looked OK. Limited but a lot of local ingredients. I ordered the breakfast burrito and my husband ordered the breakfast sandwich. It seemed a little overpriced for breakfast food. After we had placed our order, we sat and waited and waited. There didn't seem to be too much coming out of the kitchen.  Watching the chefs and how much time it took them to put up a stack of pancakes was...I was stunned.  During a 10 minute period, the only thing to come to the window was a stack of pancakes which was delivered and returned by some customer. With about 10 minutes to go before the curtain was going to go up, our food arrived. 45 minutes it look to get a burrito and breakfast sandwich. My husband ate his as fast as he could, but mine was too hot to even get one bite down. I had to bag up my food and run to make the show. When I finally did get a chance to sample my burrito, it wasn't impressed. It was flavorless and dry. No sides were offered with the burrito which was in desperate need of an acid like salsa. When I asked my husband how his sandwich was, he couldn't remember anything spectacular about it. Short Stack is a good concept but poor in execution: overpriced, slow service and the food was meh. If you want great breakfast food, save yourself and go to Crema Cafe or Dairyland where they know how to do an outstanding breakfast.Overpriced subpar food. Paid $19 for scrambler and 2 small glasses of milk. The scrambler was burnt. The waiter that brought the food asked "if she could get us anything else", I asked for hot sauce, she then pointed me in the direction of the condiments stand I.e. Get it yourself. I'm glad I tipped for that great service. They had no potatoes, how does a breakfast place run out of potatoes?Short Stack Eatery is open four days a week.  Every other restaurant on State Street is open at least six days a week.  How do they manage this? Easy: they jack up the prices.I ordered: eggs sunny side up, sourdough toast, potatoes, sausage, pancakes (yes, it was a big breakfast!), a bloody maryMy wife ordered: a breakfast burrito and a mimosa.The total came to... over $45.  That's right: $45 for breakfast.  That's insane.  I might be ok with paying that price for the best breakfast I've ever had.  That's not what I got.The good:

-Beef & Asparagus: way too salty

A brown bag of french fries that before I can whisk them off to my table, has already saturated the bag with grease.

I equate Maggiano's with romance-dark setting, big booths, great music and good food. Well, sadly the place has turned into family heaven. There was every age group of child from infant strapped to his dad's chest, to toddlers in strollers parked in the isle, to children throwing tantrums, to teens glued to their iPhones. Sorry to say, just the sights and sounds of all these children during my meal turned my evening into a spectator event rather than a romantic dinner. I suggest keeping the kids with grandma or the babysitter, but probably most of the kids we saw were tourists so I think I will just try my luck at a different Italian restaurant off The Strip.After a long and tiring day at Magic tradeshow, the team came here to feast! I was pretty hyped since it was my first time. The 5 of us ordered the classic family style which was I believe $35 a person. Not that cheap, but do-able.Service was utterly non-existent. Food took forever inbetween servings, we're talking about 20-25 min inbetween each dish...even appetizers..That's pretty damn bad. As you could expect, we got full just sitting there, so had so much food non taken advantage of.Maggiano's...not a good way to treat the customers. If I come back..and that's a pretty strong IF, I would hope they actually serve our table.Meh.-Goodfood.LAThis place has certainly changed alot, they use to have the best caesar salad and on our visit this past saturday, not so good, barely had any dressing on it.  Service was also very poor, I understand they are very very busy but we waited a very long time to get our bread.  Our waiter had not help from his busser.I don't like how you can no longer order small and large, food quality has definately gone down. :(Great food, however this place doesn't build it's business off of customer service. If you have any special request forget about it. They don't have to worry about repeat customers in a location like this. Doesn't matter to them that you are spending a nice good amount of money to take your family out for a nice evening. We asked if we could sit on the patio... No, even tho plenty of tables. Can we sit by the window? (Vegas) if you want to wait 20-30 min... Again plenty of open tables. Guess what?? There's a lot of other great restaurants in Vegas!!The food was good...maybe just a little salty, but I've come to expect that from large chains.  and our service was good.  But seated next to us was a group of four 20-something men, three of whom were wearing "wife-beater" tank tops.  It was really disgusting.  I don't expect suits and ties...and I guess these days in Las Vegas even a collared shirt is asking for too much.  But wife-beaters?!  It was gross.  I find it hard to believe that maggiano's doesn't have some minimum dress standards.  I'll probably go back again one of these days, but if I see that again, I'll leave.The atmosphere in this place is quite nice, very low lighting. It seems great for big family events, with a number of big private rooms. It's great because you have a perfect view of the lights and hustle of the Las Vegas Strip. I ordered to go but had a glass of wine while I waited for my food to finish. The servers seemed really nice for the most part, although I didn't get the full service since I was ordering to go. I ordered the shrimp fra diavolo (lighter version) with a side casear salad. The food was packed very nicely and thoroughly saran wrapped to keep from spilling. The salad was OK. Nothing too extravagant. The pasta was a nice portion, perfect to get full off of and then have leftovers for another meal. Also, they were very generous with the shrimp. Sadly, some of the shrimp tasted a little undercooked. I wasn't sure but the next morning when I was sick it was confirmed! Definitely may think twice before ordering seafood here!Pluses: Inviting decor/atmosphere, good food and cocktails (which were fairly reasonably priced), and the waitstaff was friendly and attentive. Minuses: Even though we had reservations, it still took 20 mins before we were actually seated and we had to wait in two different fusterclucked lines - people were bumping into each other and unsure where to stand or go (numerous signs for the "Host Stand" were borderline comical, giving an Alice gone through the looking glass experience - but with annoyed tourists); we asked the seater to speak to management (we were there for family celebration,and the evening wasn't feeling terribly "special" with this first impression), who didn't appear until 50 mins later (that's because she never bothered to contact himl) - the manager was extremely defensive, admittedly he was probably slightly broadsided by our complaints but still seemed barely receptive to the criticisms and made repeated excuses about "the layout of the restaurant" and told us we should've came in via the revolving doors that we almost got whacked with twice because "most of our traffic comes off the Strip" (we'd already explained we were locals, apparently we shouldn't come in where the valet is). All in all, we'd have been better off going to a nice local joint like Chicago Joe's - this place was basically a fancier version of the Macaroni Grill.Ugh. We came in for dinner on New Years (1/1) and seated ourselves in the bar area. Yes it's busy. I mean holiday in Vegas? Drink like. The hubs and I swung by Vegas just to see what the type is all about. My fave Maggiano location is South Coast in Newport. It clean, food is favorful, great texture, and well attentive and high class staff.This Vegas location. We were highly disappointed. I ordered the frutti de mare. Fancy sh!t right? Man, my entree was salllttttyyyyy. My blood pressure and sodium level just increased - nurse dilute me! My husband got the lasagna and we shared he appetizer of calamari. It tasted reheated or microwaved. Our drinks were the best of the night - a coke and a glass of wine. Prepared directly by the company. No chefs needed. $70 wears our tab and I shake my head to this restaurant. We should stick to our all time fave homey mainstream Italian - Buca di Bepo instead!Again, a restaurant with excellent food spoiled by poor service.  Owners *must* send undercover relatives or friends to investigate how their staff is running *their* business as ongoing quality control. Our waiter was wonderful--knowledgeable and helpful, but a bad experience with a front of house staff who sent two of my guests away (knowing I was waiting for them and where we were sitting, and losing the restaurant money) soured my experience and I doubt that I will be back. Sadly, I could have thrown more business their way.Ugh. We came in for dinner on New Years Day (1/1) and seated ourselves in the bar area. Yes it's busy. I mean it's a holiday in Vegas right? The hubs and I swung by Vegas just to see what the type is all about. My fave Maggiano location is South Coast in Newport. It clean, food is favorful, great texture, and well attentive and high class staff.This Vegas location. We were highly disappointed. I ordered the frutti de mare. Fancy sh!t right? Man, my entree was salllttttyyyyy. My blood pressure and sodium level just increased - nurse dilute me! My husband got the lasagna and we shared he appetizer of calamari. It tasted reheated or microwaved. Our drinks were the best of the night - a coke and a glass of wine. Prepared directly by the company. No chefs needed. $70 was our tab and I shake my head to this restaurant and wanted to slap the chef silly. We should stick to our all time fave homey mainstream Italian restaurant - Buca di Bepo instead!!service was great, the food is ok to less than okFood was nothing special.Went in last night after some friends getting married.  I am giving it 3 stars because the atmosphere is great and our server was wonderful. I have been here a few times and the food was always good. Last night it was lacking something. The presentation was boring it was as if it was just thrown on the plate little messy. Apps were good chopped salad was Delish.  I would say that was my fav of all the dishes we had.  Seems as if quality has gone downhill :(My initial thought was that this feels like a chain restaurant (without realizing it was).  The young low quality waitstaff, the generic menu and the robotic operationally efficient way the place was run all made me think that.The couple in front of us requested and was granted a booth.  We then ask for a booth and are told there are no booths available.  We look around and there are tons of booths available both on the outskirts of the floor layout and right in the middle.  We ask if those were reserved and the host says no, there is only one table open and no booths open and he says that is due to lack of waitstaff.  Wtf.  Within minutes of us sitting at a table the next couple is sat at a booth...WTF?!?  This pisses off my buddy who says something negative and storms off to talk to the manager.  A random waitress hears this and ask if there is a problem.  I tell her the issue and her reply is essentially "We have lots of booths available for you to sit". Long story short the manager moves us to the booth we figured they would seat us at in the first place.Our waiter at the first table was terrible.  I'd expect him at an Applebees in some Podunk town of 15,000 people..not a supposed nice restaurant on the strip.  His unkept hair and facial hair that more closely resembled pubic hair made him look like he was homeless.  He talked like a "surfer duuuude."  This isn't Taco Bell buddy.  He also didn't seem to know what he was doing.  He would just ask if we know what we want and then would disappear for a long time.  He brought my water without the lemons I requested.  When he asked if we needed anything else I said lemons and he's like "Sure dude"seemingly oblivious to the fact that he had previously told us he would bring some.Our waiter at our 2nd table was much more experienced.  He gave us spiels about the menu items.  He was also far more attentive.  One funny thing I heard him say quite loudly to the other waiter that most would have taken offense to was that the first waiter "won the lottery" which was an obvious reference to us not spending much money.  It should be noted that we ordered drinks/desert later which he didn't realize when he made the comment.To me the menu was boring and bland.  It should be noted I don't eat seafood.  There was nothing that jumped out at me and told me it wanted me to eat it so I just made the oh so generic order of Spaghetti and Meatballs with meat sauce.  It was tasty.  Don't expect anything special from it.  Free bread before the meal always gets my approval and it was good.  I also ordered the Tiramisu which was awesome.  Definitely recommend that.My buddy was told each waiter only has 4 tables which I can't fathom especially with as poor service as the original waiter delivered.  I assumed they were having service issues because youtube personality "The Trooper" recently quit working there.  The host was clueless and didn't even know who The Trooper was.  Whattttuuuup Trooper, it's the yelp reviewer letting you know that Maggianos has already gone downhill since you left.Oh no, Maggiano's, what is happening to you?  This used to be a GREAT place to eat, with delicious food, wine, good atmosphere and service.  Sadly, about a year ago when I was in LV and I ate there with my partner the food was just OK and we felt it was overpriced for the quality. I felt the same when I was there again last October.  Still, I have eaten there almost every trip I take to LV so I went again a few days ago. This time, YIKES!  I ordered the eggplant parmesan and I could barely eat it.  I wonder if it was stored in the kitchen for a while or what, because I could only eat a few bites.  It was sitting on top of spaghetti which was (weird and tasted) just OK.  Before my main meal I had tomato bisque soup which was very salty.  I was so disappointed in the meal.  My waiter was rather scattered.  I had to ask him four times for some butter for my bread. I will say he was friendly and did his best.  I think he could tell I did not like the food as he did give me some lemon cookies from their bakery when I asked for my check.  I will say those were delicious, but I wasn't there for cookies.  I don't think I will come back to eat at Maggiano's unless the locals tell me that the restaurant has improved and is back on track. I'm sad to give this review as I really used to love Maggiano's, and that is why it gets two stars instead of one.   :-(The service was terrible! It was way over priced for the amount of food you got. The food tasted fine, but for what you pay, you think you would get more. Too pricey.Check your statements!!!! We recently went for my sister in laws birthday dinner and to our surprise a couple of days later there was an extra $8.68 added on when we clearly left the tip in cash!!  We are locals we know to leave tips on cash to help them out!!! Service was awful and the tip wasn't necessary, but we did anyway! Called the manager and he stated "we are human we all make mistakes" so how many others have had this happen!!Im actually sitting in the restaurant right now and I have to write this review ASAP Bc just ugh.

Getting there late, there were two people sitting in our seats but moved upon arrival. I won't spoil the show, however there are a couple of tricks where you need to have certain items given at the beginning of the show. The folks who were at our table in our seats prior to our arrival decided to take these items for themselves so we didn't get the trick.. We saw it, we just couldn't experience it with everyone else who paid the same price as us. Beyond this, there are parts of the show that are simply corny. Perhaps I am rambling because I was looking for the mysterious David Copperfield I remember so fondly. Instead there was this man who resembled David, but everything was so scripted to the point of applause, and the oooh's and ahh's being recorded to "encourage" the audience I'm sure. At a discounted ticket of $100 each, I feel I could have found a better experience. There were some great tricks in the show. There were some great presentations in the show.. but, it was a bit too "fantastic" and cheesy for my taste.Paid $280 for 2 tickets to share a small round table with 2 other strangers, that was total bs, no room at all!  While some of the illusions were cool, he had a lot of actors from the crowd that he insisted to not be in on it.  The alien segment was pretty bad.  I saw him like 15 yrs ago and remember he was betterI was so excited to see this show. $135 per ticket, so I was expecting to be wowed. Nope. His show was really hokey, David seemed to be a little mean when interacting with guests, the "magic" wasn't super impressive. The only good thing was that it was an intimate venue, and you could see everything easily. I miss Siegfried and Roy!I've been here twice.  It was tough to assign a star rating to this one.  I'll just start writing and maybe by the end, I'll come up with something...-  The steak salad - a NY Strip served w/a big side salad - is definitely worth going for.  For $12,  it's worth 4 stars-  Everything else seems very pricey for the venue.  Put simply, if I wanted to drop a hundy for drinks, apps, and dinner for two, there are far better places to do it-  The manager there needs some guidance.  She constantly wanders the small dining room, stopping nowhere, just seemingly monitoring.  Seeing her do a walk-thru every 5 minutes or so without actually doing anything or checking on anyone was just oddOk, I figured it out...the steak salad gets you four stars, the rest of the menu gets them 2 stars,  One menu item isn't enough to get them a 3 star/a-ok rating.  Again, I wish we could award halfsies...This was my second time at 1900 Mexican Grill. The first time was during a job interview so I was much more nervous about the day rather than what I was eating. Now that I'm not feeling that sort of pressure, I can report a more accurate experience. The service is good, the atmosphere seems lively, and the restaurant is busy (at least when I was there both times). However, the quality of the food is less than great. I ordered the veggie fajitas and while the sour cream, guacamole, and salsa added some flavor to the tortilla, the veggies seemed over cooked (a bit on the mushy side) and lacked seasoning. Beans and rice accompanied the fajitas, but also were lacking a distinct flavor. I can't remember if the dinner menu is the same as the lunch menu. This previous experience was during lunch and the veggie fajitas were $7. The portion seemed to be a good size and for a light lunch, I could have shared. Other items on the menu were around the same price. My husband ordered a salad and it seemed just his portion size. I was disappointed in the quality of the food and I do not plan on returning. I remember I had similar thoughts my first time around; I guess even under a lot of pressure, like a job interview, the quality of food is still on my radar!On the suggestion of a friend who thinks this is close to authentic Mexican, we went on a Sunday evening. The service was slow that evening and had some communication problems. We ordered their fresh guacamole which was very good...enough for 2-3 people. We ordered a classic margarita (special $3) and ordered a no-carb margarita. Very dissappointed with the no-carb and then shocked that it was $11! Total rip off. We ordered 4 entrees, steak faijtas and 3 burritos dishes. The entrees were just ok. Burritos had a lot of rice and beans...maybe too much. Some of the  meat was a little dry. Nothing on this visit would compel me to return.Not my favorite by far.  I've eaten inside once and had delivery through a local service. My friend and I first had a late Saturday lunch weeks back when weather still couldn't decide if it was was winter or spring.  For an appetizer we ordered the table side guacamole... the large portion.Our server arrived at our table with a cart containing all the ingredients (even a convenient tip jar prominently in front) and two, yes, two small avocados.  When I asked if this was the large portion, she merely nodded as if she didn't understand or didn't know.  $9.95 for this in which we were finished in moments each having about 5 scoops.You would expect guacamole to be served with chips.  While we were presented with an initial serving and salsa, we were out of chips in no time having none for our remaining salsa.  We did finally get some more but no salsa making them kinda pointless after just moments.  When we did ask for more while waiting for our meal, they kindly obliged not bothering to note only the first two orders were complimentary tacking around $3 to the check without note.  I did complain to the manager noting we never got but one initial serving of salsa and had to use the first serving of chips for our meager guacamole appetizer.  He did offer to remove the charge taking our word as to the situation.I only wish there was an El Chico or Don Pablo's in the area as I've never been disappointed with those experiences.Fish tacos are good most of the time.  My problem with this place is the crappy attitude of the little manager.  He's just a rude person and has been on several different occasions.  With that said, I've moved on.Food was just ok. I got the salmon and it was chewy and the sauce was so overpowering. Grilled vegetables were pretty good. We sat at our table for about 30 minutes after we were already being rushed several times to pay be the waiter.  Then as we were walking out the hostess said "finally" in Spanish as we walked out. Such a rude staff. Definitely won't be going back to this place.For some reason, my family likes this place. I'm not such a fan. This is a very mediocre Mexican restaurant. There are much better options in the area. I find the food to be flavorless, American versions of Mexican dishes. For example, the fajitas are served on a plate, not a skillet. Everything just seems watered-down and lackluster.I was hoping this was going to be the Mexican place I have been looking for.  Good food, good atmosphere at a good price.  It was not.  Listing my points,I had the enchiladas verdes.  My wife had pick 2 chimichanga and enchilada. 1. Table side Guac was good, could have used a bit more salt, but overall no complaints

3) Bathroom was not property maintainedThis place is ruining the Canyon Ranch name.*This review is for the salon*While staying with friends at The Venetian for yet another free staycation, my friend and I decided to get manicures at the salon here. Too bad the manicures weren't free too! First, the walk getting to this place is ridiculous. I did like the colorful walls and decor, but it was too loud for a spa. I got dizzy every time I turned a corner and it was another long and colorful hallway. I kept wondering if this place was hidden in a deep dark tunnel. When we got to the front desk of the salon I noticed two employees laughing away and chit chatting. I wasn't sure if they noticed us standing there or not, but after the long walk it took to get to the salon and then standing there for 15 minutes waiting I wasn't feeling too good about this experience. Finally, these two employees noticed us and said "oh I'm so sorry, how can I help you". Grrrr. The salon was packed and looked like a zoo. The hallways leading into this place were so quiet and the front of the salon the same, then you get inside the salon and the noise level escalates. I had a "Spa Manicure" that cost $50 and I got a locals discount. The woman who did the manicure was nice, but seemed rushed. The couch style seat was comfy, but this place was just too crowded and loud to even hear the person next to you well. My manicure looked good, but average. For the price I would hope for a bit more space with maybe less people at once inside, the manicurist to take her time and the noise brought down a couple notches. The manicurist was nice and didn't control the appointments so I felt sorry for her. This wont be a regular stop for me, but with the right locals deal I would come back to try out their spa services.I've been to 2 other spas in Las Vegas and gave this one a try over thanksgiving weekend. I was staying at the palazzo so the price was the cheapest I've experienced at 25$ for a day pass. Even with the low price I would not recommend this spa. My favorite spa in Vegas is the qua at Cesar's palace, so a lot of my comparisons are to that spa. First, the locker and shower area is clean and has lots of supplies.The rains....what a crock... It's a cold shower at different pressures. Total waste. The steam and dry sauna were my favorite part of the spa. Both are very large.The only whirlpool is small and crowded. Also it's a bit too hot- I could only last about 5 minutes. The heated chairs were nice, but the lighting in this area was off. Bright lights when your trying to relax is hard. At qua there is mood lighting throughout which helps relaxation. The herbal steam room was okay along with the ice room. I like the aromatherapy in both of these rooms. The co-Ed rooms were pointless as well. The salt rom was not your typical salt room it didn't smell like a salt room..I doubt if there was any salt in there at all. The wave room was okay.They do offer tea and coffee and  fruit which is nice. My biggest complaint is that the robes are sooooo scratchy!!! It was really uncomfortable. I also hate that they don't enforce their no cell phone policy for 2 reasons. First people are naked okay no one should have a camera. Second it's hard to relax when someone is yapping on their phone next to you.I suggest skipping this spa and paying the extra money for a better one!!!The techs here are top of the line: Jeff, Jeanna and a lovely nail tech were extraordinary.  If you want to book a massage or a mani-pedi, this is fine.  As far as a sumptuous sybaritic spa experience, this is like an average local health club with a few lights thrown in.  It is not spacious although they claim it is the largest spa in the country.  The sauna, the 'rain' experience, the 'igloo', the herbal area are really tiny. The whirlpool is blazing hot.  I am told this is on purpose because its easier to cool it off then heat it up.  It was positively stifling and if you look forward to languorous hours whirling around relaxing jets of water at various pressure, forget it.  There are people everywhere, its not like a 'spa' which has a certain sense of intimacy.  This has the intimacy of your local health club or the Y.When you book your appointments, you must ask for a map because as vast and convoluted as this place is, they cattle call for the appointments by the hour "3pm pedicures!"  and if you miss the cattle call because you're having a treatment behind closed doors, you're on your own to find your way around to your next appointment.There seems to be confusion about the billing procedure which also creates a lot of anxiety about what is paid and what is still open.  For example, if they tell you they cant make the decision about a treatment you are requesting, the tech must do that, its up to you to tell the tech you left your card open for additional treatments because the tech has no idea and then there is a billing procedure that takes place in the treatment room when you have left your card open.  Its a little hectic and not relaxing.  I knew we were in trouble when we booked an aggregate of over $1,000.00 in appointments and we were escorted part of the way and just left there with "go all the way down....". and it went on like that.  There is a lot of pointing and directing no guiding and escorting like a true 'spa' where new clients meandering around ruins the vibe.  It is immaculately clean.  It is not new or space age.  It is not a garden experience by any means, there are really not even windows.   It is not 'lush'.I enjoyed by massage, facial and pedicure very much but it was not the kind of spa where you spend a few hours every day of your stay.  Its in and out.  Get it over with.Came here because our usual spot, Qua Spa at Caesars Palace, had closed off a large section of their spa for maintenance. Some pros and cons (as comparison to Qua) are as follows. Pros: *The Relaxing Lounge is much more comfortable than Qua with individual nooks with reading lamps; big round couches to share with a friend or lay out to sleep on by yourself. *The shampoo, conditioner, and body wash all smell amazing. *The Canyon Ranch Grill is really close and you can grab a quick bite or drink while in your robe. Other diners might give you weird looks.

I visited the Family Optometry office to get my prescription updated and saw Dr. Bacon. Nice person, interesting to talk to.I only looked at my prescription when I left the office and could not believe my eyes (no pun intended) when I saw a generic "+1" for both eyes. Sorry but that won't do. All my previous prescriptions were stronger and more complicated and have a strong astigmatism on at least one eye.I am giving them 2 stars (instead of none for the optical measurements) because they are nice people, treated me well and I can imagine that they will do a good job with children but I have no proof of that. I just know that I will seek other advice for my eyes next time.I just left from here and I am absolutely appalled at the service I received today from the front desk staff. I came to pick up my contacts which were already paid for, so it should've been a quick in/out experience.This was not the case. The front desk girl was so unprofessional. When she greeted me she asked for my date of birth and name. I gave this to her and she looked me up. I told her I have contacts waiting for me and she said okay and wrote down a tray number on a piece of paper, then continued to type in her computer. I thought she was working on something for my file, then I realized she was entering in data from a packet (another patient's info). I stood in front of her and waited, as she continued entering in info from this packet, even turning the page to enter in another full page of info. Another girl walked up to her and then she said "oh hey can you get this for me?" I had already been standing in front of her for at least 5 solid minutes by this time. The 2nd girl came back in about 20 seconds with my contacts.I then decided I wouldn't be back so I asked for my prescription. The whole ordeal had me in there for 15-20 min when it has always been about a 2 minute experience before. I won't be back because my time is not respected and I was not valued as a customer. I did like my Dr, who I believe his name is Dan. He is always a pleasure. But the front desk staff does not treat patients in a respectable manner.this place is a mess...a huge mess..dirty floors stinky smells and a staff that was talking about the nights plans with a few "F" words thrown about..this is a kids store???

3. black truffle flatbread

*I thought they'd have a variety of different candies that are hard to find, interesting, etc. But no, the only thing that peaked the interest of my tastebuds at all were the chocolate covered gummy bears. And even those weren't that tasty.

   I got into my nonsmoking room around midnight.  The first thing I saw was cigarette/cigar ash on the bathroom floor and it burned in. The sheet were not clean. The bathroom floor appeared to have black marks on the floor. Maybe threw up or shit but not sure.  I am a guy so it was okay but it my mom or stepmom was there, they would have left.  This room was is the 2nd dirtiness I have every been too.    Also, the beds are the 2dn most uncomfortable beds I have every been on.      If the hotel read this, I would really suggest hiring a new cleaning manager or more maids to clean.  The room was disgusting.  I even think I got bit by a bed bug last night.Monte Carlo made it on my list of last resort places to crash at in Vegas. The beds are too mushy (I like firm beds) the air in the hallway is thick and old, there's no air circulation in the elevators, at any given point 1 or 2 (and at 1 point) 3 of the 6 elevators on our side were out of commission, the buffet is bleh... BUT the 1 big thing MC has going for it is it's fairly inexpensive and that it's located in the heart of Vegas nestled between the big boys of the strip.when we walked into our room, one of the tv cabinet door was just laying on the floor, the shower water backed up the first nite, i was showering in water that was up to my shins, plus i slipped on the lobby floor as i was checking out. the floor was wet from some cooler condensation. i landed on my left knee, it really shook me up, i had to sit for a while, it's still bruised. the security guard Donovan was courteous and helpful, but all i requested was a ice-pack and i didn't get it for 30 minutes. Donovan had to go run and get it, because whoever was getting it was lagging like mad, i was just sitting on the stairs for 30 minutes with my friends. the wet floor sign didn't show up for about 10 minutes. someone should've have been cleaning the floors. i'm glad i didn't crack my head open on the marble floor!!!Having not been to Vegas in a long time; I thought this would be a great place to stay.  The price was right and the location great.  But besides that - there isn't much more.I have NEVER stayed in a hotel room that was so noisy.  It is impossible to take a nap (it is Vegas and there will be those late nights) - so much noise and yelling in the hallways; doors slamming and you can hear everything.  Even house keeping makes a racket.I didn't like the $12.95 / day charge - for the pool and internet? Really?The pool was great; but it reminded me more of spring break than a nice hotel on the strip.We just returned from our yearly trip to Vegas, and our second stay at Monte Carlo. Last year, I would have given it 4 stars, but this year it only gets 2. What I like: the bed was incredibly comfortable. I could have slept all day in it. I like the fact that they now have a tram to Bellagio, which is super convenient. Easy check in/out. Shorter ride from the airport, so lower cab fare. Two Starbucks on site. I've had great luck on certain slots (better than any other casino). Choice of a couple restaurants that I would pay 2nd visits to (Dragon Noodle & Diablo's Cantina). Nice pools. The casino always smells fresh. Free printing of boarding passes. Great deals if you sign up for their e-mails - but then again, I feel like you get what you pay for (we paid $39 a night for two nights and $49 for the 3rd). I really like the makeup mirror in the bathroom (when it wasn't fogged up).My complaints: (and these are all from this visit) Easy to hear people walking down the halls, and TVs through the walls. We stopped back at our room mid-afternoon one day to nap so we could stay out late, and finally gave up because we could hear conversations and the TV from our neighboring rooms. The bathroom has no ventilation fan, and no light above the shower. We ended up showering with the bathroom door open so we weren't fogged in. The shower was pretty dark. Also, in our room this time, the hair dryer was near death.We don't order room service, but had we wanted to there was no menu or any hotel related binder with hours of restaurants/spa/pool etc. I know we stayed in the standard room, but a dozen channels on a TV that isn't LCD/plasma doesn't really cut it for Vegas standards. We don't go to Vegas to watch TV, but we usually have it on for a few minutes before going to bed. The decor was average. I wouldn't call the room outdated, but there was nothing that made it stand out. Again, we were in a standard room, other rooms at higher price points may be decorated more stylish.We've stayed there twice and even this time wasn't something that I would complain exuberantly about, but we've decided that for our future Vegas trips we will be trying other hotels.I was pretty disappointed with the room here.  Granted we went to Vegas to have a good time, but it would have been nice to have a room that actually looked like Las Vegas.There were 2 holes in the walls.  There were black marks all over the ceiling.  The A/C didn't work all that well.  The mirror in the bathroom was dirty and there was hair in the sink.  The window was also dirty to look outside.  There was an old standard TV in the room.  I was expecting a flat panel TV.  The bathroom didn't have an exhaust fan.  On the other hand the staff was very friendly and helpful.Like I said it was a disappointment to be in Vegas with a subpar room.  I have stayed in "standard" rooms at other casinos in Kansas City Mo and the rooms there are amazing.I went to the MC 12 years ago, my last time in Vegas, and I loved it and always wanted to stay there.Unfortunately, I forgot that a Vegas minute is faster than a NY minute. And things change in Vegas really fast. The people who come in and out every 2-3 days have got to be a constant wear on the city and the hotels, and with the MC, it shows.The noise you hear from the hall can be down right scary. I jumped up a few times in the middle of the night thinking people were putting their key card into my door, but it was across the hall or next door. I could hear everything through the walls too. My sheets had a rip in them, and were stained. I dropped my room key and when I lifted the bedspread to look for it, there was a ton of crap on the floor from prior guests that had not been vacuumed. Gross.Agree with the others who say the tv channel selection is horrible - you get 12 channels and 2 are MC in house channels, 1 is the Vegas channel which loops ads for the hotels and clubs on the strip, and 1 is a rolling commercial for the show in the MC. I said to everyone on the plane going home: The city of Vegas has a great PR agency. They make it look like everything is new and ritzy and glamorous, and in reality, it's all wheelchairs, oxygen machines and run down hotels unless you pay top dollar, or go downtown - where the casino employees are cute. In the strip hotels, they have gone way downhill in terms of appearance. It's surprising.I'd go back, but if I'm going to stay at a sub par hotel, I'll take the Ex Calibur, which is really the cheapest on the strip.Ugh I'm a little hesitant to write this review because that means I have to admit I stayed here. I must add, I stayed here for good reason, I'm cheap. Give me a room in Vegas with a good location on the strip and I'll pay $40 for two nights to share it with 3 friends. That's a steal.  I knew I wasn't at the Belagio when on the way to our room I noticed the room next  to us was missing it's room # plaque. Don't worry, nothing a sharpie pen can't fix at the Monte Carlo. Sharpied right on the wall "room #4322".  Well, that set a classy vibe for the weekend. Rooms are nothing special here. A completely normal hotel room with a completely normal bathroom. Nothing special, but served it's purpose. Surprisingly this place has a really nice pool! The pool is huge I'm surprised they don't promote it more. It  has everything including a lazy river a few spas and a few different sized pools.  Other than the pool everything else pretty much lacked. No bars, clubs, shopping or anything spectacular.  There food court even sucked and that's pretty hard to do because I'll eat just about anything.   Don't come here expecting to be wowed you'll be very disappointed if you do.We stayed in the casino for about 40 minutes; 20 minutes longer than we wanted to. When I tried to cash out at the penny slot I was wasting money on, the machine refused to print my ticket. My boyfriend, at the slot machine next to mine, was able to print his, but no other machine, including the cash dispenser, would accept it again. After pressing the attendant call button and flagging down a cocktail waitress, eventually a nice old man came and apologized, and handed me my cash right away.I'm giving it two stars instead of one because on the way out, we saw a sign explaining that they were experiencing network issues with the slot machines, so I appreciate their candidness. Unfortunately, there are probably 20 entrances to the casino, and there was no such sign on the one through which we entered.The Monte Carlo is a decent place to stay, but aside from that, there is not much else to do at the hotel. There used to be a brewery, but now that is gone...and along with it, any chance that I will ever really visit Monte Carlo unless I happen to get comped a room there.The rooms are all decent. Nothing special, nothing amazing, but livable for a few nights away from home. I can't even begin to review the casino, because I have never really gambled here outside of the Poker Room, and only for a few minutes at that the only time I was there. Basically, the Monte Carlo is only good for sleeping and not much else, in my opinion.I first stayed at the Monte Carlo 9 or 10 years ago and have been here 5 times, including earlier this month.  I continue to come back as it is one of the cheapest places to stay on the south Strip.  If you want a luxurious or lavish place to stay in LV, this is not it.  If you want a simple place to crash after a long day of drinking and gambling, the Monte Carlo will work just fine.  I have had no problems with the rooms, they just aren't that impressive.  MC has a very nice low limt poker room which is tucked away from all the noise of the slot machines.  Other than that, nothing noteworthy here.This place is a dump. Rooms are outdated - not just looks-wise, but they offer no amenities such as ipod docks, or even tv-checkout services. Beds are comfortable. Our bathroom was fine, but shower had very little water pressure resulting in lukewarm showers. And the tub dripped incessantly. The valet doesn't do call-downs either. Ugh. What hotel doesn't offer this service? Average restaurants, average casino - won't be back.Smells like burning hand lotion. And, you have to walk for forever to get to that free tram. Anyplace with Sbarro's can't be all that good.For years I have been under the impression that the Monte Carlo was an affordable luxury hotel\casino, but it turns out this impression was completely unfounded. Though the Monte Carlo's lobby does Support my original theory, the rest of the 'resort' leaves much to be desired.Guest Rooms: Standard rooms are very small, decor is out of date. My thermostat said it was 68 degrees but the room felt more like 78. The bathroom wallpaper was stained and peeling, faucets and knobs were mismatched. The whole place seemed cobbled together from spare parts. My room at the Circus Circus was way bigger and nicer!Casino: The casino itself is small and doesn't offer enough table games. The decor is typical obnoxious Vegas, but in better condition than the rooms.Restaurants: Considering the size of the resort, there are a lot of dining options, including several sit-down restaurants and several fast-food places. The Pub is the best of the dining options, but it won't be winning any awards.Shopping: Forget it unless you love Vegas kitsch. Location: Excellent location! This is about the only thing the Monte Carlo has going for it. Right in the middle of the strip, walking distance to most of the best casinos including the Bellagio, Caesars, Venetian...When it comes to bargain hotels, The Circus Circus, and Sahara are hard to beat. If you want luxury, spend a little extra money, check out the Venetian, Caesars, The Bellagio, MGM Grand, and Planet Hollywood.new gripes...- thanks for knocking on my door at 9am on Christmas morning for house keeping when the DND sign on the door

I'd give this place 5 stars if it weren't for two things - my eggs Benedict (actually a combo of the chilaquile and the green chili) came out cold, not even room temp. The marvelous layered corn masa replacement for an English muffin was downright chilly. The eggs were room temp, but done perfectly. I'm not sure why, maybe it's overloaded servers and the food sits in the kitchen waiting. Maybe it's that the underlying tortilla is supposed to be cold. Maybe it's the excellent pico de Gallo is cold (as it should be, for good sanitary reasons). Even the wonderful pork and beef under the eggs was room temp. Only the hash brown cake was warm and nicely skillet browned, suggesting that it was indeed cooked at the moment. The only thing that was hot as it should be was the house blend coffee, which was great, and it was served with real cream or at least half and half. But there, trying to get a refill seemed a bit challenging, but it happened.

The only reason this gets 2 stars is bc it could pass as a strip club late night with the neon lights.Definitely the nicest looking Lee's but the food doesnt even come close to matching up.The bread needs to be baked a little more and the meat are really bad quality. I got the grilled pork and it was the worst ive ever had.I was really disappointed tonight! My baguette was a little soggy and the cafe sua da was definitely not the same. Let's hope these kinks get worked out in due time because I know a lot of us have been waiting for Vegas to get a Lee's for a long time now.My dad brought home two banh mi and a loaf of bread from their grand opening. We were disappointed when we opened up the sandwiches to see the minuscule amount of filling.pickled veggies, or herbs. The cost of the last two items is virtually nothing, so that was baffling. I understand that the crunch of the crust and the bite of the bread is important, but does it make it right to skimp on the rest of the ingredients? Growing up in a Vietnamese family near Little Saigon, in California, I expected more from this place.I normally like the special, which has a little of everything. Banh mi is a delicate balance between the aforementioned bread, a smooth pate, a creamy mayo, a fatty char sui, a Vietnamese sausage or fish cake, cilantro, peppers, pickled diakon and carrots. Too much, or in this case, too little throws off the sub. If you are in the mood for great banh mi, go down the street pass Cathay House. Their is a wonderful shop located next to Ann's Salon called Dakao Sandwiches. They are friendly, bake their own bread, and produce a far superior sandwich.horrible service.  the place isn't even ready for a soft opening.  the employees have no idea what they're doing.  and there's this mean manager lady that's bossing everyone around; training the employees on the job, in front of the customers.  you know, i was all hyped thinking this would be something similar to the lee's sandwiches in the bay area; not even close.  2 stars cuz i like bahn-mi.  i'm gonna look elsewhere for them.24/7 is always appealing to me but I'm not so sure about this one.I grabbed a special combo meat bahn mi #11. It was decent, but I've had better and it needed more filling/sauce/pickles/everything than it did. BF got a ham, turkey, cheese croissant. Decent, but not something out of the ordinary. The one thing that made the sandwiches less enjoyable is the haphazard way of throwing the ingredients in. Really, with no crazy rush of people waiting for food and a dozen employees around no one can be bothered to evenly spread out the toppings? I got a avocado shake and the BF got taro shake. Again, standard. Now the drinks made the guy at the register really confused. The BF was debating on a taro drink, but asked if they can do it just on ice instead of smoothie. The guy told him to "get a Italian soda. I like passionfruit".  So the BF then says, "I'd like a regular Sierra Mist" so he can get something simple that won't confused the guy. The guy looked so confused and looked at the board behind him for minutes and goes "coke??soda". "Yes, that is a type of soda up there". He didn't know how to ring it up and just rang up some tea that wasn't even the same price. The BF just told him to cancel it and ring up the damn taro smoothie if that was easier. Seriously, you don't know what Sierra Mist is? Another ding is that all the tables were dirty. All the booths were dirty so we went to find the least dirty table. At mightnight you seriously couldn't find time to wipe tables with 10 fucking staff members and maybe 2 tables occupied??!! Even without dirty tables and confused personnel the taste is just A-OK/3 star worthy at most. I don't really see myself coming here during daytime since there are other bahn mi spots that are better. However for late night eats, I welcome anything into the rotation if I am absolutely sick and tired of everything else. I may come back late night, but that means it's a last choice.You definitely do not compare to the ones in California. Bringing down the Lee's name. When I order a cafe sua da, it doesn't mean 95% ice and 5% coffee and I don't like how it's already poured and ready to go, it gets watered down. I like it made fresh and poured right in front of me. I think everything here is more overpriced than it is in California. But one thing I do like about your baguettes are that with your pickled daikon and carrots comes pickled onions as well. Yum, I love onions, thought it was a weird mixture but surprisingly, it tickled my taste buds.. Cause it was the only thing I could taste. I love extra mayo and pate on my sandwiches, so I paid for extra for more. But my sandwich had no sight of mayo or pate, like someone had licked it dry.

Also the chocolate shake wasn't working...granted that can happen anywhere, but it just added insult to injury cuz that's what I look forward to the most.

We wouldn't ever stay here again if we came to Vegas. It's far from the strip and a bit gross and very dated. I constantly felt like I needed to wash my hands.I was told the rooms were renovated but was a basic clean up... Still has popcorn on the ceiling, clean but not anything fancy. Flat screen tv was terrible reception, heat and air is old and is loud and outdated. Very old casino that dates back to 1955 and is a good place to stay if you like vintage. Does not have a good filtration in the casinos and smoke is strong smelling. Would never, never stay here again... Never!Just stayed a week at the "Riviera".  First thing was an "Extra charge" for an upgraded room that was non-smoking.  I had booked a non-smoking room through Expedia.  Then a resort fee on top of that.  At the end of seven days, the extra charges were $261.00.  The casino was so smokey we avoided it and went across the street to Circus Circus.  Go to the Mirage.  I think they will give you a much better deal after the EXTRA charges are added.  Signed Linda Hewson Colebrook NHChain reaction due to flight delays.  Our room (that we reserved) was given away.  We were put up in a temp room for one night.  Then we got stuck in a garage elevator.  To top it off, the hotel layout was confusing.This hotel really needs to step up its game!! First, I called a week in advance to ask how to add a person to the reservation. They told me to call the booking company and they would take care of it. I did just that, and even double checked a few days before. When my friend arrived at the hotel before my flight even took off, they would not let her check in! Assuming it was just a mix-up, I called the hotel and politely explained the situation. They indicated that we'd have to have hotels.com fax them a confirmation. I called and had that done, waited the half hour that was requested, and then called back. Meanwhile, my best friend is standing in the middle of the hotel with all of her bags just waiting. By the time I finally got a hold of a person, it had been over an hour since the fax had been sent. The guy on the other end of the line told me that the fax hasn't been received. I asked him if he could go check the machine or the e-fax system. He said, and I quote, "Ma'am, that's in another department, and they don't have a phone."  What the actual hell? Is this 1905? What department doesn't have a phone!? He told me they receive thousands of faxes a day and it would be two hours at the very least. (I'm imagining two people in a windowless room in a tower with no phone furiously trying to read all the faxes) Called back, asked for a manager, miraculously the fax appeared.TL;DR: crappy customer service, chinsey hotel, grouchy dealers, adequate room. Would not stay again.This hotel depressed me. . .It has potential but there are just so many things wrong with how it is run.  My biggest issue was the lack of up keep.  The Casino, lobby, front doors and elevator were dirty throughout our weekend stay.  Finger prints, garbage, scratches, scrapes---it was really hard to look at the place on our way up to our rooms.  The check in process was inefficient.  They have one line for all needs and this one line moves ultra slowly.  When we checked in we waited in a long line and as we came and went we frequently saw an extraordinary long line.  They a few elevators that serviced all floors (not one for higher and another for lower floors) so the elevators were always very full.  The rooms:  Were surprisingly nice.  We almost left after the check in process because we were so horrified but the rooms were nice!  Up to date, clean, spacious.   We were shocked!  The pool was okay---very loud could hear it from our rooms in the afternoon hours (or power nap time!).  The location isn't bad.  It's close to the monorail, near the North hotels.  A quick cab ride from everything but the ascetics and cleanliness needs major work! I don't plan to stay here again unless they step up their game.We stayed here this weekend because it was affordable and close to the other people we were spending time with. Our favorite part was the British style pub in the casino area because they had 99 beers to choose from, the staff were awesome, and the food was good. Our hotel room was clean and basic, the bed was comfy. For the price the room was good. The problem is that it is run poorly. At check in time, there was a huge lineup that didn't move. It took us 40 minutes to check in. They had about 3 staff checking everyone in. Also, they made us pay a $100 damage deposit which will be returned to the credit card 3-5 business days after check out. Upon check out, we were informed that there was a $30 service charge for staying there and that we should have read the fine print when we checked in.The place was a little run down and drab but for the price that didn't bother us. We won't stay here again because of the sneaky charges and long lines in a lobby with almost no air conditioning.stayed here for free as part of someone's bday package, and yet i still find myself with room to complain. thats how bad this hotel is.the one thing i distictly remember is having to drunkenly sleep up on the A/C because it works so poorly. here i am all inebriated and such, and this piece of crap cant blow cold air to save my life! hot room, but at least i had a nice view of the pool. the casino itself sucks. lifeless, dead, not exciting at all. i thought this was vegas people! i've stayed at better hotels in the middle of nowhere...where was our coffee maker? the beds were comfy, but at the end of the day, our room became known as the place we go in between getting drunk...as opposed to the place we go to relax, recharge, and refuel. P.S. check-in was horrible. they seriously made us wait hours to check-in, via some company mix-up. apparantly their email service is super slow and they didnt have our info ready when we arrived. avoid this place, unless u seriously cant afford another spot.In Atlantic City this would be a solid 4 stars, believe it or not. However, compared to what's happening south of the Riviera on The Strip right now, meh.There are a couple of things to note on the good side-the slots are never crowded and neither are the table games

-Frequent travelers to Las Vegas. This is your time to be "balin' on a budget."The rooms are nice, its not too far from the strip, and parking is convenient. The only bad thing about staying here would be the clientele. On my way down stairs I walked past a super shady dude with a bloody nose and black eye, and a group of what looked like crack addicts.Generally I love staying at the Gold Coast.  It's reasonably priced and convenient to the Strip. But their new $9.99 resort fee is a gouge now. Also beware of certain rooms. Those on the casino side, especially directly behind the showroom will keep you up until 2am most weekend nights.  And I've now found another one that should be avoided at all costs -- Room 101.  The noisy vibrations in the room from the mechanical room next door and a loose ventilation duct is like having the room next to the engine room on a cruise ship.  It kept us up all night. The only time when you don't hear of feel the vibrations is when the room's HVAC comes on.  The AC compressor is loud enough to drown out the other. This room needs an OSHA warning sign on the door: "hearing protection required."  Can't hurt as it's already a handicapped/special assistance room.Ok, it's time to update this review.  We stayed here for 3 nights on a recent Vegas trip and during all 3 nights, at least 1 elevator was out of order which caused a traffic jam to go up/down the hotel tower.  It took FOREVER to get back to our room!  Besides that, all of the same things are still here....bad cigarette smoke and the food options are terrible....except for Ping Pang Pong, which is the only reason why I gave this place 2 Stars instead of 1.Return Factor 10% (to eat at Ping Pang Pong)It's conveniently located across from The Palms if you're attending a function there (like me - wedding at the Palms).  It's definitely the cheaper alternative and much more family oriented.  Most of the people that stay at the Gold Coast seem to be older folks and families that drove to Vegas.  The hotel is about a 5 minute drive away from the Strip, but would be inconvenient to those that are without a car.During my most recent visit to Vegas for a wedding, staying here was actually my first time not living on the Strip.  This hotel is a bit run down, and definitely not luxurious like the Cosmo, Mandarin, Venetian, Wynn etc. etc. but they did attempt to remodel their rooms.  Their rooms aren't too bad... a bit small and very dimly lit (something that my mother and I both did not like).  It didn't really have a screaming cleanly feel to it, and why was there no freaken hot water for my shower in the morning?!?!  I was showering in BARELY lukewarm water and it felt like the water was dripping from the shower head!!!  I was freezing by the time I was done.  x____xI probably wouldn't come stay again, but please do something about the lighting in the room and the shower head!A dingy smokey old casino.  I never stayed here, because if they can't  keep their casino up to date, I can imagine that their rooms are the same.  I've received comps, but still refuse to come because of this and mainly because it's not on the strip.  They don't do enough to lure me back.  Slot players like the place because of the variety of the slots and they seem to have newer machines,  But I'm not a slot player.  So, come here for cheap tables, but those can be found at nicer off strip casinos like Orleans, Palms and the adequate Rio.1. Air quality in building is poor.When traveling on a budget, I will never skimp on sleeping accommodations again, especially in Las Vegas. We were in a non-smoking room, but the air circulation and quality in the establishment is just really poor and would wake up with a sore throat and an irritated nose. It was just plain gross and unhealthy. If you can afford it, go some place slightly nicer. 2. Selection of food is not great.The servers are really nice and service oriented, but there just is not a good selection of restaurants and cafes. 3. House keeping is friendly. This is one redeeming quality of the place. They were sweet and prompt to deliver more towels and blankets when we requested them.Smoky old school depressing casino. Smell like an ashtray after visiting - boo. 2 stars because there are worse casinos in Vegas ;)It was a super last min decision on having a trip to Vegas so this was the only "decent" deal hotel we could find. the outside looked pretty nice so I was excited to see our room, BOY WAS I DISAPPOINTED... it was super small, the shower was weirdly designed... & theres like a lil gap that u can see into the restroom, NO SELF PRIVACY! & even though it shows that they had wifi, no one was able to connect & use it. im not even sure the ac works correctly... we had it at 75 thinking it should be cold enough, but nope! towards the early morning we lowered it down to 45, STILL WASNT EVEN COLD.... the casino area itself was nice, however it didnt seem as interesting or fun as other hotels. I'm only giving this hotel 2 starts bc their service was OUTSTANDING!Casino is poor at best...the staff mediocre and the pool was open till 6pm so I rushed back...changed..ran down for a swim..staff and security said they closed early at 520 ...then they gave me a hard time about it...poor!Did you ever see that part in vegas vacation when a desperate chevy chase gets taken to a casino by uncle eddie and they played games like "War" and "guess how many fingers are behind my back"?That's how I felt here. I didn't stay overnight.  I didn't do anything except gamble on the floor.  And let me tell ya, I've never seen anything like it.Granted, if the dealer doesn't know how to deal, they should probably get a talking to.  Should they get a talking to in front of his whole table he's dealing to in the most crap-tastic way by his pit boss?  No!  The poor guy was trying.  I HATE seeing employees treated so poorly.  When I told the guy he should treat his employee with respect, as well as the people playing at the table and have this conversation in private, he snapped at me.  I stood up from the table and stated that I wouldn't contribute one more penny to this low life horribly horrible hotel.Don't come here.I don't even know why I gave two stars.  They really deserve one. Or zero.Good bingo and 5$ blackjack that pays 3:2. It's amazing how 1 person can totally change your view of a place.  After playing a few bingo sessions and blackjack, I finally decided to get a drink. So being broke, I sat at a penny slot and waited for the waitress to come- 15 minutes of wait time. I asked for a beverage and she said that I needed to be consistently betting at least 20 cents a bet because that's their rule. I was nice enough to tip her even though she was rude to me and I couldn't even drink their shitty sweet no-alcohol daquiri. Time for a new bingo place :)Review for the Casino.   So much cheese at Gold Coast.  Many of the slot machines and restaurants are dated.  The whole place feels old school.  There's nothing wrong with old school, but this is definitely not where the young crowd hangs out.  I did go to the breakfast buffet since it was so damn cheap.  It's really hard to beat $7 bucks!Wasnt too impressed by this place on a recent visit - definitely more of a locals off strip  casino - the casino floor itself is not too large, has a bit of an older feel to it. A cheaper hotel stay for those just looking for a place to crash with the Rio hotel just across the street to aid in the things to do in the area Really nothing stands out here for me, probably wont be a place that I would stay at myself but you may be differentI don't particularly care for the Gold Coast. It's smoky and there are so many better casinos for locals to visit that it's usually not high on my list. They have bowling, which is more times than not, the only reason I think about visiting. Parking is decent and almost every spot is conveniently located to the casino floor.Being as this is a hotel, I will break down my rating as follows:Bed comfort - 4 stars

Beef Tongue -really good. Also paired with a vinegary veggie which made it super yummy. Very tender

The fourth dish we tried was the Spare Ribs, and these were really good, I would recommend these as well.

   The drinks at the bar were perfect- the bartender was nice, but she was far from attentive (esp since there werent many people in the bar AT all).....will definitely be back- hopefully it was just an "off night"When I walked into Jimmy Wan's restaurant in Fox Chapel with a party of 3 on Sunday, April 10, 2016, the host looked at us as if we were aliens. Not sure if it was because of our "dark skin".  I put up 3 fingers and without saying a word, he lead us to a table, placed 3 menus on the table, and walked away.  The first waiter, named Paul, (I had to ask him his name) who was neither personable or friendly, came to the table and asked us what we wanted to drink.  He brought us our drinks and proceeded to tell us that he was going on break in 12 minutes.  It was a good thing that we knew what we wanted to eat, albeit we still felt rushed.  He took our order and we didn't see him again until it was time to pay the check.  In the meantime, a female waitress brought out our meals which were delicious.  The egg rolls are out of sight!  During our meal the three of us talked about how we would never patronize this restaurant again nor recommend it to others.   Then another young man who was a waiter, named Tin, came over to our table to see if we were enjoying our meal and to find out if we needed anything.    He did this SEVERAL times and was very accommodating and even joked with us.  I told him that he was turning a bad experience into a rather pleasant one.  At the end of our meal, he brought us our check and I gave him my credit card.  I then noticed that the first waiter Paul had returned from his break.  Tin then came back with the receipt which I signed.  Instead of adding the tip to the receipt, I handed Tin a 25% CASH tip at which point he said he was going on break.  I did not want the first waiter Paul to have any part of that tip because he was not friendly.

angles of parking spaces often have people driving the wrong way down the row, and the exterior does not say which entrance closes at night so you may go in and park directly in front of one only to have to maneuver your cart over speed bumps and across the entire lot when you leave after the doors are locked--- at an absurdly early 8PM.

Independent of price, this restaurant is over rated. Price adjusted, it is out right poor. The quality of the pasta is at best Olive Garden. The portions were small. The pizza (the 'Truffle') which I would give at best a 3/5 was the best part.Very inconsistent food and poor service.Sauteed Broccolli Rabe had burned garlic in it that destroyed the taste.

I placed a 23% tip on the check before going to the restroom.  I had planned to, but didn't, leave some additional cash because I worked my way through college on tips.

This was my third time there and I wasn't impressed the first two times. The furniture looks like cheap crap from Ikea and they can't seem to get their act together.It is doubtful I will return.I'm just not impressed with this place, overall. If you're just looking for a different, interesting place to have beers, i guess this is an okay option... i've been here twice and both times the service has been spotty at best. This last time I had to politely ask the hostess if we had a server after 15+ minutes of just sitting there. As for the food... I'll pass. Bruschetta selections were just okay, and I thought were small-ish portions. My girlfriend wasn't very into her Citrus Shrimp salad, and found it oddly salty for a salad. I had the Southwest Margarita pizza, which I thought was fairly bland. I didn't taste "hot chili infused olive oil" and it didn't have very many tomatoes on it. Also, i know it's not in the description, but I think "margarita pizza" and I think basil, which this pizza has none of. Basically, it's cheese pizza with a fancy name.Boil it down, and the only reason to come here is the patio. If you want a great outdoor place to have a beer when the weather is nice (and you're not hungry) - then go for it.  I don't think either of us feel the need to return, honestly. (and ps - didn't like with their own brewed beers either. Sorry.)As much as I'm all about new local places sprouting up, I have to say this place is just average and would only really consider it as a beer spot.  I've been back a few times since they've opened over the course of several months, and have been disappointed in the food and mediocre service.  Also the fact that they failed their health inspection back in June really doesn't help persuade me to come back anytime soon.My friend loves this place so I thought I would give it a try. We parked in the dirt lot across the street and walked over. The restaurant looks really awesome from the outside! All of the trees and birds, it was impressive! Our party of 4 came around 7pm so it was fairly busy and we knew we would wait. Almost 45 minutes later and after seeing multiple tables clean and open for over 15 min was annoying when we we hungry! Once seated, our server seemed way too busy and when I asked him about the beers he didn't spend more than a minute just rattling them off the menu (I can do that). I asked for a description of one and he said he something along the lines of "it's like any other IPA".... But what is an IPA was my question. :-/ I got the burger and it was way too pink and COLD but I didn't want to complain I was so hungry at this point. He came back to see how everything was but was always running. I feel like we were an inconvenience if anything. The patio was really cool and would've been even better if people didn't let their kids run around like it was a zoo. The staff could've done something here... Overall this place could have great potential but didn't leave a good first impression with me. Maybe I will try the rooftop bar and give them one more chance!Came here for the ambience, left because of the staff's attitude.  My friends live in the area and really wanted me to visit this place. The concept is great, the patio is awesome, didn't get to go up to the roof as it was closed during the daytime? Stopped in for 1 drink and left. Checked out the over-priced menu items; tater tots with garlic, herb goat cheese $8.00. A "Sonoran Dog" bacon wrapped hot dog on a pretzel bun $10.00 are ya kidding me? You want chili? That's extra. How about a "House Burger" for $12.00 The menu was made by "hipsters" for "hipsters". Jalapeno marmalade? Why? What's wrong with sliced jalapenos? This is what I'm talking about.I saw the tacos and the shells they use are like straight up taco bell. Save your money unless you are a twentysomething living at home and blow your money on drinks and food as paying rent is never a concern. I'll just spend more money "Living La Vida Loca!  Now you know the demographic group being targeted. So get in where you fit in. Right? There were plenty of staff there and not very friendly, dragging ass and dropping beer, dropping taco trays, just hurting probably from the excess of the previous night and not wanting to be on the opening shift no doubt. Maybe the vibe here at night is different. Maybe being drunk makes you grade softer and be more accepting of it all. I don't know. I kept telling myself, I gots to go! Management- tune up your menu and include non-hip menu items to be inclusive. Bird Lovers come in all shapes and sizes- ONE SIZE does not fit all. I'll give this place another shot again-maybe at night. But to sum it up now- This place is truly for the Birds!I was really looking forward to trying this place.  I found it after reading a food blog.  I told my husband about it, and he was able to try it before me, during the week. He had only good things to say about it.  So we finally decided to try it on a Saturday night...just before the Holidays so the place was jumping'!  We went up stairs and found a seat for the 4 of us, but sadly no heaters near us and it was a little chilli.  After about 5 or 10 mins the waitress came by and gave us menus, then came back after about another 5 or 10 mins and took our order, then after about another 10-15 minutes she came back and told us every beer we ordered "just popped" ummm...none of us was sure what that meant, (maybe we're just too old) she explained that meant they were out of everything we ordered!  Really, 3 different kinds beers...they were all out of at like 8:30 pm on a Saturday?  She said she would be back to let us think about what other beers we'd like to order, but we didn't really feel like waiting about 20 mins or so to find out what else "popped" so we decided that we would "just pop" and go find a place that was better stocked and a little warmer.  I will try this place again...just not on a busy Saturday night....maybe.Most of the food was dry, cold or tasteless. Services was so slow and we needed to remind the waitress for our drinks several times. It wasn't crowded it was the wait staff spent most of the time with the loud bird. Atmosphere is the only nice thing. Not with a return trip though.I am sorry to only give 2 stars, but that is a stretch. We went twice this summer and it would have been 4 or 5. However our recent visit was very disappointing. The menu has been greatly reduced and the happy hour menu is very restricted to minimal items. Example... the pretzel was out standing the first 2 visits and reasonably priced. Now it is no longer available alone. You have to get it with out items (I think pickles) and at almost $10. When we asked if we could just get our son the pretzel they said that it is now on the menu alone. The atmosphere is nice but there are limited tables inside with TV viewing. WE have not been on the roof, but the outdoor seating is nice but not sport watching.Worst customer service I've ever had at a bar and its been consistent. I've been here three times because I love the atmosphere but if you sit on the upper patio be prepared for no service. Nobody working the tables for food or drink orders and when you do step up to the bar they pretend your invisible. Great location and setup........poor execution.Very unimpressed.  This place is average at best.  To be completely honest, the experience started off annoying and that may have jaded me.  We had reservations as we expected it to be crowded.  It actually wasn't that bad as there were a LOT of empty tables.  The Hostess looked around and basically picked the absolutely worst table that I could see.  It was the only one with no umbrella and had no shade what so ever.  It was also in between to very large groups with lots of children.  I asked if we could change tables and she was incredibly "put off."  She had such attitude.  Management needs to address this as she is the first impression that a customer has.  I would have happily mentioned this if the manager or anyone had bothered to walk around and actually interact with the customers.  The food was ok but nothing exciting.  The server seemed just bored to be working there.  There are a lot of nice places in the square so walk by here and look at the birds but don't waste your time and money eating at this one.It almost bothers me to give this place 2 stars on one hand, on the other, it should be 1 star. I'm going to spell this out simply:The service SUCKS.I have been to The Perch twice. Once on a Wednesday evening, and once yesterday, Saturday Feb 21. Shall I bore you with all of the details, or are you just reading to get the big parts? Read below for the big parts, skip to the bottom for the details.One my first visit, we arrived and got seated up stairs for Happy Hour. It took 15 minutes for the server to initiate contact. We know this isn't an all night affair, let's get to it, ya know? We ordered tator tots, and were served the garlic herb tots. The tots were good, but after the drink orders took as long to get there as the tots, we were a bit annoyed. We were looking for a quickie, and they were playing hard to get. No bueno. We had an issue with a beverage, and a server (different from the one who was serving us) came to the table to see how things were. We informed her of the drink issue, and her attitude was dismissive and left to get our server instead of dealing with the issue. It took 25 minutes to get the correct drink. On the Saturday visit, we sat at the downstairs bar. It took me having to physically grab a server and ask her who was helping us after being there for 20 minutes. Me, because I am bold, and unapologetic about expecting good service, said to her,

-Very nice staff.

.Limited selection, okay pricing, after-sales service sucks!I bought 2 refrigerators, a washer, a dryer and an Reverse Osmosis system from them about 2 months ago. I have experienced several minor issues with them that have become big issues because I can hardly get our salesperson Paul to return our calls. The first issue was when our fridge was making a sound that you could hear throughout the ENTIRE house. I called in for mechanical support on a Saturday and they told me that I would have to wait until Monday for service. It was an issue that couldn't wait out the weekend. I asked them to escalate the issue to a GM or owner and they said they are not available on the weekends. This issue did not get solved by them.I then received a bill from a third party installation company for the installation of of our RO system. The problem is that we paid Spencers for the installation. Since that time I have had several calls with Spencers in an attempt to resolve the issue. A couple of weeks later I called to talk to Paul about a discount that had failed to be applied to our purchase. As soon as he heard that it was me he went into assuring me that the billing issue was resolved.Last week, guess what? I got a collections threat from the third party vendor that Spencers had supposedly resolved this billing issue with. I called in to Spencers on Wednesday night and left a message for Paul to call me. Fast forward to Saturday, guess what no call from Paul. I then called Spencers and now Paul is on vacation. I then asked to talk to the GM. "I am sorry we don't have a GM on duty over the weekends. He will be in on Tuesday." Ohhh, the GM must be out celebrating a long weekend. Maybe it is a little known retailers holiday like "Double Billing Days?" How do you not have a Manager or Tech people on call at least over the weekends?I have utilized their website "contact us" e-mail address and have still not heard back from anyone. Let's see did I miss anything?

Cock a waffle do: would have preferred white meat chicken and more seasoned crust. Blueberry reduction & waffle was good.

I would not recommend them to anyone I like.I've been around for 4 years on and off and have a family member who's been scoped up and down with no positive diagnosis.  It really saddens me.  If you still have pain then you must have a mental issue... I'm at a loss.I'm suspect of any dr's who own their own surgery centers and pretty much refuse using the hospital down the street as it's too dirty.... really... maybe it is... or maybe don't want to admit patients to the hospital???It's not the cleanest, they always get my order wrong... And in the morning it takes soooo long to get through the drive through.Okay now this is a large chain and on average it's okay to good!  and I have been to this place many, many times, but I have to say the last time I went there for the happy hour hot wings (they were dry, over cooked) then I had ordered a steak and seafood combo (Cajun) something but after my second brew I thought it was me, so I had the wife and my son taste it man was it salty!!!!  It tasted like they dropped the salt shaker in the food, but my waitress assured me that could not have happened "because all there sauces come in bags and are pre-made" (Gross, that did it for me) I  was outta there with the quickness...I've eaten at Applebees on rare occasion.  It has never been any place I sought out.  In this case they had the advantage that they were not a McDonald's or Burger King, and they were open very late.I had the 7oz sirloin. It was adequate. Nothing special.  A little dry, and a bit gristley.  The mashed potatoes were nice, and the garlic broccoli was fine.The onion rings were fine.  Nothing special.  The breading was nice, but didn't have much flavor.  The others seemed to like their wings and the pasta dish they had.  I was told "three stars" when I asked about them.  But I just can't go to three stars on this one.  You might argue me up to 2.5 stars, but that's not an option on Yelp.My wife did say the strawberry margarita was good (I didn't drink it).If you have no choice, this place is OK.  Food is adequate, they have a happy hour, and they are open very late.  One of the better "last resort" options around midnight.Though the service is always cheery, they messed up my order (for the third time) and I had SERIOUS acid reflex (for the first time in my life) because of the "Cajun Shrimp Pasta" and I didn't even eat half of it. I am in extreme pain and writing this review at nearly 2 am because I can't sleep. I am from Louisiana. Southern food doesn't hurt me. This is painful.My son had fun skating so I will probably go again.  But, this place is aggravating - crappy customer service!  I went on the free admission night.  I walked in and there wasn't a sole behind the window.  After waiting about 3 minutes, I was thinking, ok, so it's free admission, maybe you're just supposed to walk in?  I had my hand on the door when this girl appeared at the window.  She didn't say - do you need skates, are you here for a party, nothing.  So I said " is there anything I need to do?"  She said nope, you can go right on in.  I was like great!  I walked to the very end of the skating rink where the skates are - to get skates and the kid behind the counter was like "I need your skate tickets".  I was like ok, where to you get those?  At the front.  Arrgggh!!So I hauled my 2 & 5 year old back to the front and bought skate tickets.  I went back  to the skate desk and picked up skates, and then I noticed they have these little walker things that the kids can hang on to while they skate.  I was like perfect!  I asked the kid behind the desk - that I would like one of the walkers.  He said - those are skate mates and they're $5.  I was ok, I'll take one.  He said - you have to go back up to the front.  I was like "ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!!!!???"The dippy girl that works up front (I should have gotten her name) she has long brown hair and wore a flower in her hair.  I was fuming - why didn't she mention this when I was up front?  She won't understand until she is hauling around 2 kids of her own!!!!You would think the owner would want his staff to try to upsell you, but no, they don't care.We have had fun here many times however after my last two experiences, we will not return.  Yes the managers act nice but they cannot seem to get control over the teenage food staff.  We spent way too much I. Food that they leave out all day unrefrigerated (cheese and sauce). The last three times I went was told breadsticks would take ten minutes, well after going bath and forth to check I waited 45 minutes for breadsticks. I never received my soda had to ask.  a friend of mine ordered 30.00 worth of food and waited an hour but the best part is the horrible attitude of kitchen staff.  They had an attitude when we questioned them.  Both times were week days in summer and the place was dead, no parties or camps when I was there yet the "cook" had time to keep chatting with co workers at one point he was at the dj booth laughing.  All the while our group was sitting with hungry little kids waiting. It wa so ridiculous and the one manager I tried to talk to started walking away when he saw me coming he knew but just said sorry and claimed they were short staffed that someone called out sick. I had to laugh there were three kids and a manager who clearly could have heated up a few breadsticks there was no line.  The other manager is super nice and also a dj he tried to help but it was too late we already were so angry at how the day was going.  We lost money in tokens since many machines broken.  Someone needs to invest some money into this place or it will close down soon.  The bathroom is a disgrace it smells so bad was not cleaned or updated in 20 years. Gross. I hope I can find a place to skate we love it and after my last few visits I can't return.  I do not need to pay to be aggravated.  Be sure to eat before you go if you venture in.  Ps I got sick as a dog from the snack bar they clearly have no sanitation standard.  beware !I have been here a few times, mostly as part of special school nights. Overall, it can be a fun time for the kids. However, there are some issues that I have.First, there really isn't a lot of seating for the number of people that they can have in the facility. If you don't arrive early, you won't have a place to sit, which could be a problem if you are eating pizza. This last time I arrived early so that I could get a table. My wife was not with me on this trip, just my two little kids and myself. My oldest is able to skate just fine and he went off to the rink. My youngest, however, needs my assistance. So, I left our stuff at the table and took my daughter out on the rink. She couldn't figure it out so we only made it once around before returning to the table, only to find out that our stuff had been moved and another family had taken our table.Second, it is hard to hear what they say through the microphone. I noticed it the first time that I came and passed it off as an employee who didn't understand how to talk into a microphone. However, it has been like that each time. And since they are calling people's names out (for food orders) over the loudspeaker, it can be problematic.But, to me, the biggest problem is how payments are handled. You have to decide what things you want to rent at the door when you enter. So, if you happen to change your mind later, you have to go back to the front door and stand in line if there is one. They have no way of taking payments at the rental counter. With two small kids, this has been a problem. For the older one, we started with regular roller skates. Since he handled those so well, I thought we might try roller blades. However, if I wanted those I needed to pay $0.50 more...back at the front counter. What! I thought my younger one might be able to do a little better than she did last time. So I opted not to get one of the Skate Mates that help newbies balance. Unfortunately, it didn't work out as well as I would have liked. But, if I wanted the Skate Mate, I needed to go back to the front. In the end, Skateland would have made more money if they took payments at the rental counter. Instead, I opted not to get the additional rentals because I didn't want to deal with the hassle of going back up to the front. Plus, if I left my table, who knows if it would have had one when I returned!First of all, why is it still saying closed? Im here! I gave it two stars for fun factor and for the simple fact kids don't really care if its the filthiest place Ive ever been in. The most horrible junk food and dilapidated. I do like the staff. Jeez, there a bunch of kids with after school jobs. What the hell do you want? I don't know what kind of LOVE they put in this place but i suggest it give the ring back cause that ain't love! Why are all skate rinks like this? If they can class up bowling? They can do the same for his distant cousin skating rinks.We brought our kids for some old fashioned skate time.  My boyfriend wont/can't skate, so it was just me, and our 4 kids paying to skate and the skate rental.  They now mandate that you wear super uncomfortable plastic wrist guards, this wasn't a thing when I used to go to skating rinks when I was younger. My littlest needed a trainer and I inquired about one, but they didn't have one.  (Oh, to clarify, they've got about 20 of them, but none of them were available.  And the only way to get one was to lurk at the counter and see if someone turned one in and rent it really quick before someone else did.  Great system.)  That was fun trying to help a wiggly 5 year old get around on skates, while I'm also on skates, and wearing an lawsuit-guard, nanny state wrist binder on each hand.  Can't I have just signed a disclaimer...like the good old days?  Ugh.  Oh, and the impossible wrist guards, coupled with my wiggly 5 year old on roller skates and my inability to grasp her and steady myself caused ME to crash hard to the floor.  (Do they make a plastic and Velcro, whole-body hip guard for us old farts who crash to the ground too?)So after several minutes of getting used to her roller skates I finally lead my little one out onto the rink (the older 3 kids were gone like shots out of a cannon) and we weren't out there more than a few minutes before we had to come back in because the DJ said they were doing some special event on the rink, and then we went back out.  Oops!  They were now doing *another thing* that required us to come back in...  It happened one more time, then I gave up.My boyfriend patiently sat and watched us and then ordered food and drinks. (He's a saint.) The kids eventually got bored and went off to play video games with him and I was asked to wait for our pizza to be called,  I watched, and watched and watched. Nobody called us.  At some point a teenage counter employee took a pizza and placed it into a warming display case, but nobody called our order.  Finally my boyfriend comes back.  "Where's the food?"  "They haven't called us yet."  "WTF??"  He walks over there to inquire.  "Oh yeah, we called you but nobody responded."  B.S!!  I sat there at a table 15 feet away watching you, waiting eagerly to be called.  *mad face*Anyway, all that drama aside, we ate, we drank our sodas and then heard the announcement that they were closing early due to some private parties so we had to leave soon.  We'd only been there a couple of hours and had no clue they were closing so early!  So all of the kids quickly queued up at the ticket counter to turn in their tickets earned from the use of overpriced tokens in games, generously bankrolled by dad, and we stood there and stood there....  The teenage guy working the counter was completely overwhelmed and it took him almost 30 minutes to take care of all of the kids that came at him all at once.  All of that time wasted waiting for a .3 cent plastic bracelet, an Army man, and a couple of Tootsie Rolls, that probably cost dad $10 in tokens.We left shortly afterwards, about $100 poorer, but enriched with the 'priceless memories'...and one nasty hip bruise.   (And a .3 cent bracelet or two.)Do not come here if you want to cool off during this heat. It's about 90 in here, and I'm not even skating. This place is filthy and needs more seating. All the tables are full of everything except people, so I had to stand the entire time..So disappointed... I called ahead to make sure their photo kiosk would be capable of making my prints. I was assured it would take about 15 minutes. When I arrived, a customer was having a meltdown; full on tears and screaming... That should have given me a hint. The photo print machine requires a $15 hold just to get started. That put a bad taste in my mouth. The first attempt failed to "read my media" (a simple flash drive). I went to the counter for assistance, the customer service representative was friendly, but ultimately unhelpful. A second attempt at using the machine, and another $15 hold, and it still failed to "read my media". I took my same flash drive to walmart' photo center and it worked without a hitch. (FedEx's problem, not my drive.) This would have been a 1 star review, but the customer service staff was at least apologetic.You get what you pay for.  Well, I got what they paid for.Ok I know this isn't the four seasons or a Hilton for that matter but there are certain things that are unacceptable even at a super 8. When I entered my room both trashcans had trash in them. What ?!  When I left the room the next day I returned to find that the housekeeper took my soap and never replaced it. Who does that? Lastly the lighting in the room was so harsh!  can't one light not be fluorescent?I guess I should be happy with $37/night, but even at a low end motel I think they could do a better job of keeping the place clean and eliminating the cigarette smoke smell in the common areas.  I think the wifi was free, but couldn't get it to work, so who knows.  Not sure I'd stay again, even at this price.Not quite sure how to feel about this place, I guess you get what you pay for in a situation like this. I paid $82 so I was expecting something somewhat decent. Walking down the hallways to my room it smelled like I was bathing in an ash tray.... You can also tell they do try to mask the smell with something that reaks like lemon pledge. You could hear everything going on in the hallway and rooms around you no sound proofing at all. The room appears to be decent but upon close examination towels were stained the chair looked like it was destroyed and partially pieced back together. Pillow cases were make-up stained there was a hair on the bed that wasn't mine... Obviously with what I paid I wasn't expecting much but it was just a little gross. The staff was pleasant and nice with checking in and out just kind of a run down hotel I've stayed at super 8's elsewhere and they were actually nice. This place just overall needs a makeover.Reason for staying:

 Doesn't compare to my two favorites: Dragonfly and Pho Ao Sen, both in MesaYelp'd this place because my fav. spot was closed today, 43 EXPRESS, on Thomas n 43rd ave, had the pho and egg rolls it was okay, but the service very poor, had to ask 3 different people just to get a refill on water... I most likely wont come back..I guess it could be a higher rating considering the Phoenix area, but taste wise, it's subpar.The spring rolls were pre-made, probably during the morning or afternoon because it was cold from the refrigerator.  That killed the moisture and it was not filled with enough vegetables.The pho tai broth was a bit too oily and lacked taste.  The noodles were okay, while the slices of beef seemed a bit old and chewy.Super disappointed.  I've eaten at plenty of pho places, mainly in Las Vegas and one in Flagstaff, and they have all been better than this.  "Why?" you might ask, and the answer lies within the broth.  To me, what makes a pho place good is the broth.  I always get the beef ball pho, but this time I mixed it up a little and got the sliced beef and meatball pho (I know, I'm a risk taker).  It makes it easy to compare to other places, so I'm not kidding when I say the soup is definitely lacking in taste.  They definitely do not skimp on the meat though (as opposed to many, many pho places) so if that floats your boat, this is your place.I have to admit, my impression of this place started better off.  My boyfriend and I split the cold cut combo sandwich and I thought it was very good.  Granted, I have not had that many Vietnamese sandwiches, but I could eat this everyday.  I guess until I eat a really great one.  But that was a good experience for me, so now I want to order one of those every time I visit a pho restaurant from now on!Verdict?  I would not give this place another chance, because the broth is very important to me.  You would like this place if you liked other Vietnamese dishes, or pho with other kinds of broths.EDIT #2: I was there not too long ago and this place fell from grace. My former favorite dish, the bun bo hue was horrendous. The meat in it was so tough, I swear I was eating those leather tabs that is sometimes attached to new shoes. All I could do was just chew it enough to get the meat flavor out of it and then spit it out. I'm in Tucson now, but the next time I"m in PHX, I'll definitely have to find another pho place.This place is horrible, the pho soup is so greasy, very poor service, I came here looking for great pho but instead it was a dissapointment, I was out of town and leaving Arizona that day and wanted some Pho and it was unpleasant.Was there last night.  Pho was a 2.5 on a scale of 5.  I had the one that costs a little extra with meatballs, tripe, brisket. Generous amount of meat, but you know what they say, Pho is all about the broth.  That's what makes it.  Every pho is made from  beef broth even the chicken pho.  And that wouldn't be bad if the broth was flavorful. Da Vang's broth is a 5 out of 5 but I decided to compare.  I had the spicy, salty shrimp with shells on.  They were ok but I didn't realize I would be eating the shrimp's caca in the process.  My guest had beef with snow peas.  It was spiced to his liking but the flavor just wasn't there.  Their prices are incredibly low and that's why I gave them an extra star otherwise it would be a one.  You get what you pay for.  Back to Da Vang for me!!!!!This was okay, but I've definitely had better!So this was our first time here tonight. The food is a solid 4 stars. The customer service however is a different matter. Young thug wannabes as servers complete with neck tattoos and "i don't care" attitudes. My wife ordered the beef Pho and was well pleased with all aspects of the tasty soup and lean beef. Plenty of garnish choices made for a nice meal for her. I ordered the #80 clay pot catfish. Again, taste wise, it was really good. Portion size however, was very small. Two pieces of catfish (not filet), some broth and a couple of stalks of green onion. After removing skin and bones, there actually was very little fish there. We ordered an additional catfish dish to take home to my son. When we got home, there were two half portions of rice in the bag. Nothing else. We went back and while they did apologize, the reason was "we are busy". Uh, yeah. Even though the food is quite tasty, the small portions, lack of customer service and "I don't care attitude" translates to WE WON'T BE BACK.We came here for dinner before heading to a show at the Rhythm Room. I LOVE Vietnamese cuisine and will never pass up a chance to have some! Unfortunately I wish I had this time. I ordered the chicken curry dish. It was the most disappointing curry I've ever had (I love curry and was really excited for this). It was thing, watery, and bland. Very little spice or flavors. Only had half a potato and a few onions, and the chicken - oh god the chicken. It was a whole chicken, including skin, which had been chopped up and thrown into the curry. I tried picking off meat from the little bones, but I came up with little edible chicken. About 1/3 way through the dish I had to stop eating because every other bite resulted in little chicken bone fragments. Gross. My boyfriend got the pho with shrimp and extra veggies. Quite bland as well, and the only veggies that came with it was broccoli. Really? At other Vietnamese restaurants you get tons of different veggies! We both ordered the Vietnamese iced coffee and it was incredible. But it wasn't good enough to make up for the food. :( I'm always sad to have subpar Vietnamese food.Stopped in today for my second visit. My first was several months ago and I'd tried a Saigon Crepe for the first time which I'd enjoyed.Today's visit I was less impressed. I had the pho dac biet. Pho with rare beef, brisket, tripe, meatball.  I didn't love it. The broth was lacking in flavor even after adding soy sauce Hoisen sauce, sriracha and the fresh veggies.  My BFF raves about thus place but I'll stick to the places I love.I wanted to preface my statement with something positive. I love Vietnamese culture, family values & yes, the food!

So either there was no supervision or they were really clueless as to the intensity of play time.

Such a cornerstone type order repeatedly subjected to blasphemy. Perhaps there's a sign in the kitchen directing to leave off the pollo in the chicken tacos and replace with lettuce and cheese.  Like being woke from pleasant dreams with a bucket of water, the craving for chicken tacos becomes disillusioned with the first bite; replaced with images of Clara Peller asking "Where's the beef?"The place is clean, in a convenient location, and always open, but a Mexican restaurant in Phoenix Metro screwing up tacos has numbered days.  The places within a mile of here where a customer can get gratifying tacos are boundless.  If you have a hankering for this dialect of Mexican food, drive down the street to the next Filiberto's, or Julioberto's, or Los Beto's...etc. where they're going to hook you up.

My only repeat station was the antipasti station, ( cheese salami, pesto, and toasted bagettes.) Sadly had a few bites of my selections and didnt finish most of my choices.It was a Sunday and they were definitely busy, but the quality was not pesent, I far prefer Bellagio.I came here right after I landed in Vegas last weekend. Lunch was $58 for 2 people.  Honestly the options especially on the premium side were lacking. I'm talking no prime rib instead pork loin and turkey. Salmon hand rolls were ok.  Crepe station only for dinner. My standouts were the great hand scooped ice cream options, pork and shrimp dumpling station and the pizza with a cooked egg on it. For the price the bellagio has better options for lunch if you ask me. You don't have to take my word for it, go to both and the ceasars buffet and decide for yourself.My family and I came on a Friday night and each person cost about $40.99 and with tax out to around $44-45. The place was beautiful and the decor and placement was fancy... But the food was JUST OK for the price. Not too much/good quality seafood.. Their meat selection was pretty good but that's about it. Their desserts are very limited too. For the high price and "fancy status", it was pretty disappointing.. I expected so much more especially since their casino/hotel has a "luxury" feel to it..Not worth the money.. For just about $5 more you can go to The Bacchanal buffet and it is honestly the best, most amazing buffet in Vegas. Wynn buffet is honestly just worth $20. save your money!Visited the Wynn buffet for brunch on a Saturday. Stood through the usual line and was seated in requested dining area. I was underwhelmed by the brunch buffet, and would only consider visiting for normal lunch or dinner. We paid ~$33/person. For this, I would rather go out for a nice brunch where I can specify a dish and it be made to order for me. It felt like this brunch buffet's dazzle effect wore off.The atmosphere was clean and service responsive. The main buffet area is dimly lit which makes me feel like I'm walking into a cave, or a recovery bubble after a long "Vegas" night. Overall the stations are kept clean and well stocked.There were a number of stations dedicated to breakfast offerings such as fresh pancakes, eggs and egg whites, bacon, french toast, and smoked salmon and bagels. Consider coming here on a weekday if you would like to avoid these dishes.Now back to lunch. There was two soup offerings. There were salad options including a glass filled with cherry tomatoes, celery and carrots. The celery had brown on it. There was a mescaline, red beet and tangerine salad in individual serve dishes. There was a charcuterie areas with two types of cheeses and two types of salamis; smoked mozzarella and a plain looking yellow cheddar. This was really disappointing because I can get these offerings at home from a supermarket.The meat offerings were carved ham, carved prime rib and carved turkey breast. All of these meats were delicious and I would say highlights of the buffet. Seafood was limited; only bulk shrimp were available. There were a variety of "international" stations as well; Asian with wontons and a congee stand; Mexican inspired, and Japanese with sushi. The variety is great, but none of the dishes were amazing, which defeats the purpose of having such a variety. An example of this is the shrimp tempura sushi. There was very little shrimp tempura and avocado and A LOT of rice. No one eats maki rolls for the rice! I would have preferred to see a number of well executed dishes, vs. a few highlights and a bunch of mediocre food for the masses reminiscent of standards that nice Chinese buffets now even surpass.Dessert stations was very large. My favorite was the bread pudding - hands down best of the mini desserts. All of these mini cakes look very beautfiul and appealing, but they don't taste amazing or like desserts worth eating. This go around they had a raspberry cake, strawberry shortcake, chocolate cake, etc. Another notable dessert was a tapioca pudding with a passion fruit glaze- yum!The Buffet was a disappointment this time. Oysters  r soggy n old, ahi tuna looks dark n soggy, the rib eye is chewy, and the rest of the food like crab legs , ramen and even bread are extremely salty. Can't believed i stood in line for such a low quality food. Nothing was good this time. I was here 5 yrs ago and quality has declined steeply. Very sad. Service- good.Beautiful setting with good buffet food but the wait and host/hostess staff were bad.  When they were seating us they sat our party & 2 others at the same time & I overheard the first party say there were 10 of them & the hostess said "well I don't know nothin' about no party for 10, this is for 2, you guests be gettin' on my nerves today," and some other rant and rave-nothing that was very pleasant or hostess like. Then we sat there for several minutes waiting for someone to take our drink order & when I saw the waiter serving the table next to us I asked if we could have coffee & juice, and after we got it we NEVER saw him again.  Won't go back.Bottomless Sunday brunch was just ok. The food was typical bulk standard and most dishes were lukewarm. We were with a large party, so a hefty gratuity was already included despite the subpar service.  The Bloody Mary was below average, so I would skip the bottomless option. Overall, the brunch buffet was way overpriced for simple, average food quality and mediocre service. Two stars because it is 'good for large groups'.This place really falls short of what I expect from Wynn.  While there were a few tasty dishes, most were pretty bad.  The sushi was inedible, and the only seafood they had was watery shrimp.  No crab legs.  No crab claws.  Poor quality food, mediocre selection. Also, the "20 minute wait" was actually closer to 45 minutes.This place was ok.   There is no crab legs/Shrimps in the buffet at all.

Duck with handpulled noodles-Noodles were solid but the broth was severely under seasoned and lacked any flavor. Most of the duck had gristle.I will continue to watch for other reviews and may give it a second chance but at this point, VIP is DOA to me.The food portion is not very consistent. Environment feels very high end, but not so much for the food. The price is the similar as many other Chinese restaurant, but I don't feel is worth it, if you consider the flavor. Overall, I would think it's above the average, however it needs some improvements.I just don't get the reviews that are raving about this place.  Been here twice - once for dinner with my wife and kids, once for lunch with colleagues from work.Dinner: Ok, we did get one of the semi-private rooms with a large table which is always nice with two kids that can be squirmy.  That was a positive.  But the server was a bit overbearing and pushy, trying to sell us this, that, and the other thing after we made it clear to her several times (I thought) that we just needed some time to look at the menus (yes, plural... and they're all huge).  We got a mixture of Chinese and Japanese.  It was all ok (not exceptional) and somehow the bill came to $90, which is crazy for what we got (yeah, I wasn't paying attention when we ordered, but based on what we ordered I would have expected ~$60).  Must have been the "chef's special roll" the server talked us into, which was completely forgettable.Lunch:  A bit of a mess.  Three of us got the sushi roll specials, one got hibachi chicken.  Failure #1 was service of the miso soup.  The bowls were plenty full, and the way the server gripped them when serving them, his thumb was in the soup.  Yuck.  Failure #2 was the hibachi chicken, which took at least 10 minutes to arrive after the rest of us were served lunch.  Failure #3 was when paying- their credit card machine was broken.  They wanted to write down our credit card info, which we did not want them to do.  They hassled us about writing a check-- C'mon, its YOUR credit card machine that broke!  That already hassles us-- so don't add to the hassles and just take the check!Overall-- the food is not bad (it's a pretty low bar for Asian food in this part of town), but there are substantially better Chinese and better Japanese places elsewhere.Oh boy... First they had to ask for direction for making a manhattan, which was on their menu. Then they didn't know what a shellfish allergy meant. When you sell sushi you should probably know the most common seafood allergy. The food was fine but not better than other places in the same price range.The dilemma of "But I was here first!"  Watched a table finish up and leave, have the table cleaned, reset, and then another table sit down. That new table got checked up on by two different waitresses before a single person came to ours. We had been here 30 minutes already. I realize that Saturday nights are busy, but randomly having servers attending all the tables around us while ignoring us is kind of frustrating. The food is good, but I don't know if I'd come back for this service.After reading all the positive reviews, my friends and I were so excited to try VIP. I'm convinced we came on an off night, but our experience here was so terrible that I'm unwilling to come again. I set a reservation for 7:30, and we arrived at 7:25. We weren't greeted for at least 10 minutes, and the hostess finally told us to sit at the bar until she could get our table ready. Bartenders didn't acknowledge us, and the hostess forgot about us. Finally, after almost 15 more minutes, I reminded the hostess that we were waiting for our table, and she immediately sat us in the back corner. Granted, this all happened while the restaurant was not very busy and we clearly saw many open tables.Server did not greet us for another 10 minutes, and she rushed our drink orders. Took us almost half an hour to put our dinner orders in. I got the pulled noodles in a duck broth and spicy salmon roll. Spicy salmon roll was pretty good. Pulled noodles? The worst noodle dish I ever had. All of us had a variation of the noodle dish, and all of our noodles were too soft, fell apart when we tried to eat it, and so "swollen." I wanted to ask for our checks, but the server never came back. I assumed she was busy (mostly because she was completely nonexistant for our entire meal). We waited for a long time, and when I went out to find her, her and ALL the other servers we're behind the bar laughing and chatting! I would have forgiven the terrible service if they were busy, but they clearly were not. I was livid.Nonexistant service, and not very good food. I will admit, I enjoyed the sushi rolls and the plum wine. My boyfriend said his wine tasted like it'd been sitting out. In fact, our soggy noodle dishes tasted like it'd been sitting out too. My friend from Illinois was unimpressed, and we were upset that this is the restaurant we chose to represent Madison's amazing food scene. I'm unwilling to try this place again any time soon.Visited for dinner on a Saturday night. Ordered the shrimp/vegetable tempura as an appetizer, a couple of sushi rolls (shrimp tempura and a salmon roll), and the beef Singapore rice noodle, along with a 10 oz vase of saki.

The food is average and the service is even worse but I still eat there, though not regularly.  The reason for the 4 stars is the smoothies.  Try the mango.  You will go back just for that.lulu's is to asian food as cleveland is to pittsburgh.

4. They have a great video menu screen, but it changes too fast to actually READ the specials, menu items or when Happy Hour is. The only screen on long enough to read is the company offering the service.I have to say so saddened by today! I've actually come weekly if not more since my post last month. I'll let the pictures speak for themselves. Might be time to find a new pizza place. :(Being from Detroit and growing up on amazing (the best) Detroit pizza from Loui's, Buddy's, Jet's, I was so excited to find a place that served "Detroit style" pizza and classic Detroit style antipasto salad. We knew we had to try it. We ordered a large square with pepperoni and ham and medium antipasto salad. The salad was good. It had an abundance of ham, salami, and cheese. The dressing was decent. One of the stars above is for the salad alone...

Dayclub-  Friday as hotel guests were told we get in free, when I showed up they wanted to charge $20 each, there was no line at all and the place looked dead, I only stopped by because a friend was working and was going to say hi. I never went in and just left. Saturday we were walked in and after being ID'd and going up the elevators we had to wait in yet another line to be searched and let in, it just seemed disorganized. (everyone was looking around the with WTF looks on their faces) When we get up to the pool deck there is almost Nowhere to sit/stand.....there were so many daybeds and loungers empty for rent you could barely walk around. I'm all for selling out your daybeds and such, but when your guests are almost falling in the pool to more from point a to point b there is a problem. At WET you have room by the pool to sit on the edge, lay out a towel in some areas, etc...here the daybeds go all the way to the pool edge all around the pool, you can lay a towel behind a daybed, but in the walkway by the bar....I'd recommend taking out a few loungers so your guests can move. We stayed about 10 minutes and went down to the boulevard pool in the hotel (this would be a MUCH better set up for a pool party)Nightclub- We went on a Saturday night around 11:30-12:30 with a big name DJ playing....the line wrapped all the way around the club into the hotel walk way (over by the tall shoe installations), must have been a few thousand in line...we had a about 8 girls and 3 guys and were able to walk right in as hotel guests. When we get up the club is SUPER dark, more so than usual, the place is like a maze with all the different rooms and unless you have a table you really can lose your friends. It was also packed to the point it was hard to walk around. Our plan was to get early and get our stamps so we could come back in later through the readmission door. (some girls had to finish getting ready, and we wanted to go back to the room for a few drinks) To our surprise the exit and readmission is down these crazy back utility stairs almost 5 flights down! So all the girls in 5" heels and mini dresses were walking up and down the stairs just to leave/return....really ruins the ambiance of the club when you have to leave out of a back fire escape. Again I think this is due to the disorganization of management....club seemed like it would be ok with a comped table with friends, but if I have to walk down the stairs again to leave...no thanks!I should have listened to everyone who told me to go to XS. I came to marquee for my birthday & it had to be the worst night I've ever had. The entire staff was rude, except the shot girls. They were too damn strict, its a club, let people have some fun & they stopped letting people on the dance floor, so if you left your friends there to go to the bathroom don't expect to go back to them. I decided to go to surrender the following Wednesday and had the best night. No matter what others club I've gone to, surrender has always topped them & their drinks are $13 at surrender & $20 at marquee. So take my advice, save your time & money & go to wynn/encore. Marquee is overrated!!! I will never go back there!Overrated. I came during Memorial Day weekend so maybe my experience isn't typical but it still doesn't make it any better.1. The line was unbearable, we were in line for 2 hours. And if you are a woman beware, security was watching people and telling them to put their heels back on if they were off. I don't expect for bouncers to be friendly but this was unreasonable for half of the girls there who feet were barking before they even got in the door. Ladies bring an extra pair of shoes to make the night bearable.2. The cover was $50 for women and $100 for men. Maybe this isn't the norm but for my experience that was crap regardless of them not closing until 6.3. Drink prices are ridiculous! The drinks were watered down and small with a $14 price tag.4. The DJ was very unprofessional in the hip-hop room. I'm not expecting DJs to have the ethics of a saint but letting your friends crowd around you and screw up with the music of an already overpriced club doesn't make me happy. And they played the same songs over, and over, and over again.I will not put myself through the torment of Marquee again!I really want to rate this bar better but there were just so many disappointments with our visit. I bought tickets for our group of 4 ladies to go and see Benny Benassi in May. My sister and I have wanted to see him for years and finally, there he was, in Vegas. And hello 'female presale' that meant tickets to get in and for the show were only $20.We showed up and the lineup system is a mess. Large groups of people are everywhere on the casino floor and it looked like it was going to take us a year to get in. We spoke with a bouncer and said we already had tickets and he directed us up the next set of escalators to the main doors. Without asking, there would have been no instructions on where to go. Organize!Up we went and joined a tiny lineup around the pool area. The dayclub area is beautiful and we loved the pool and the setup and the view! So nice! Though there were groups of people lying on the daybeds, napping, which probably should have clued us in that we were in for a long night. We waited in line for about 20 minutes before someone came by and asked if we already had tickets. Again, it was a yes and we were put in a line where we were at the front. In we went!The outdoor bar area is huge and is full of couches and benches to hang out on. There are outdoor bars but the entire area was packed. And a double highball cost me $24. Shudder. So we moved inside and again, there was no where for us to go. Any time we stood still, a bouncer was immediately on us, telling us we couldn't stand there. The dance floor was too packed and when you went on it, you couldn't move. 1:30am rolled around and still no Benny. Just a DJ who was spinning trance shit. Exhausted from being pushed around on the dance floor and by bouncers, we left. So while the bar was beautiful, we didn't get to see the main act and they really need to work on limiting how many people are allowed entry. I understand it's Vegas, but come on.It kind of pains me to rate a Vegas club 2 stars and I'm being a little generous here.  I did not have a good time at all.  Not because of the crowd, not because of the music or the ambiance or the price of the drinks.  All of that is negligible with enough pre-game liquor.  But no, to me, this place sucked all because of the STAIRS.Yes, the STAIRS.First of all, to even get to the club, you have to go up maybe 4 flights of escalators to make it to the club entrance.  Alright, no big deal.Then, you'll have to wait in line.  If you're on the ladies' guestlist, it's maybe a 10-15 minute wait.  No problem.  Finally get your ID checked and your wrist stamped, and then you're led into this stark white corridor featuring what looks like a torturous flight to heaven.  Yes, stairs, stairs, and stairs.  And more stairs.  These are fire escape stairs too, so imagine the clack, clack, clack.  After the FOURTH flight, I started to get a little belligerent in my 5" heels.  But we finally got there.First floor.  Hip hop.  Douchey, sweaty people.MORE STAIRSSecond floor.  House music. The elevators were blocked off by a burly man who wouldn't let anyone use it.  I'm surprised I didn't kick him in the nuts.  Oh yeah.  It's probably because my feet were aching from the treacherous hike in 5" heels.  Outdoor pool area was pretty cool.  Okay, it was pretty breathtaking.  But, still:MORE STAIRSThird floor.  Harry Potter-type library setting where the cocktail waitresses dressed like slutty library nerds.  It was quite awesome if you ask me.  This was worth upping this review by 1 star.Time to exit the club.  Guess what?  MORE STAIRS (?!)We had to climb UP more stairs only to go DOWN the stairs to the exit.  Was I being punked here?!I realize that maybe the stair scenario isn't the case every night.  But as a lady who's used to being treated like royalty in this city - never again (okay, unless we can actually use the elevators). I did not go to Vegas to ride a Stairmaster...The place is cool on the inside, the outdoor area is by far my favorite part of the place. But oh, the customer service is awful. It seems like every person that works there hates you, and doesn't care if you're there or not. If I was a tourist, I wouldn't care because I would think that's normal, and I would stupidly spend my money here.  But I'm not a tourist, and when I want to go out, I want to have fun, and not be treated horribly. So, I will go other places, and I won't take my friends from out of town there.This club is overrated but Im giving 2 stars because I had a really good time. The club has absolutely no where to sit. I mean come on, I know youre there to dance and have fun, but girls wear heels and we need to sit down sometimes! like seriously wthell? And what is up with the extremely small dance floor? The security kept telling us to leave the rooftop dance floor because there were too many people. Honestly if they want people to have a fun time, they should put a limit to the number of people that can come in instead of over packing the place.And the BIGGEST negative about this place is the stairs! WHATTTT THEEE HECK?!!! are the freaking kidding me?! Why dont they make elevators or escalators? People have to travel up and down on stairs to even get INTO the club! UGH I was so frustrated because I was wearing heels and my feet hurt before I even got into the club! They need to seriously get some escalators or elevators.I just don't understand...Why anyone would stand in line for 3 hours to listen to HOUSE MUSIC! (I hate house music! To get a better understanding of how I feel about it, peep this: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5T0DiYyYkYQ). Don't worry- this review will be based solely on the club and not its music preference.I'm a 702 veteran, and I know that boys have it real tough in Vegas. Most of the time, I have a heart of stone and make our group of boys figure out how to get in the club themselves while us girls skip the line :) Unfortunately, this was NOT an option at Marquee. In order for boys to even be allow entry into Marquee, they were REQUIRED to have a 1:1 ratio. (Security was literally walking up to guy groups and kicking them out of line.) So our group of 20+ girls waited in line with the 16(?) boys so that they could get into the club. We waited for 3 hours. I'd say we should get mad props because we could have gone to the girls only line and gotten in right away.Once we got inside, the club was SOOOO PACKED. UNBELIEVABLY packed. I felt like the entire club was as packed as the floor of a NKOTBSB concert. Marquee, how are you going to make me wait 3 hours to get into a club that I can't even dance around in? HM?Yes, the venue is beautiful. Yes, they have a great sound system. Blah blah, Kaskade was playing.... I don't care. Alls I know is that:

Will never go unless Iam stuck in the mall and hungryWhen I go to a restaurant during prime time I expect results. I did not get them at Panda express at the mall. After completing my order they legitimately offered me something that was unavailable. When I accepted their offer of a crab rangoon they said "actually we don't have any you'll have to wait for us to cook more." No I don't I retorted, taken aback by the circumstances prolonging my insatiable hunger. Next time tie me up and gag me before you try to screw me Panda Express, your games do not entertain me.Yes, this place may have a wide variety of groceries to chose from, but the quality can be horrible. Be careful to find the expiration dates, because you can often see cans expired for years and still on shelf. Also, be aware that some of the bakery stuff be moldy before you even open it.I still shop there when I must, but usually AmKo or Green Onions are  much better.All right, I need to modify that glowing review I wrote a while back. First, if you're looking for Korean food, this is not the place. So correction to my last review, you won't find everything you need. That's not the reason why I'm giving Far East 2 stars. The last few times I've been there, there were crates of raw meat left out, unrefrigerated. I'm not sure what is going on with that. I know that when I leave meat out for a few hours, it won't be fully thawed. But that's just for personal consumption. There's got to be something banning this sort of thing. Even if there isn't, this is an unsavory practice as a business. Who knows how long the meat has been left out. Perhaps they're letting certain items thaw so that customers can cook immediately after purchase, but now I'm just justifying their behavior. I would avoid the meat. And I would avoid the produce. Most of the produce looks fine, but I purchased some garlic and upon opening them, they had already grown sprouts. Too old. Too old. Far East, you're worrying me. You get to keep a star for your shelf items. Check those expiration dates though.My visit with the optometrist's office in Lenscrafters was very pleasant.  The staff people were obviously experienced in working with students and employees from the university, so they took care of my insurance paperwork without a problem.  The regular eye exam was performed in a quick and competent manner (less than 20 minutes).  If you don't have a preferred optometrist in the area, the office at Lenscrafters will do just fine for a prescription.   Next, I stopped by their shop to select new frames.  As other reviewers have mentioned, the attendants at Lenscrafters often seem overwhelmed by a mob of customers, so don't expect too much individual attention during the process of choosing frames.   I settled on a pair of everyday glasses and sunglasses.  I was told the sunglasses would be ready in 1 hour while they would have to order the parts for my everyday glasses.  The staff people  were very attentive and professional when fitting my sunglasses, making sure they sat on my face properly and even feeling the tightness of the metal behind my ear.  I walked out of Lenscrafters feeling fairly positive about the whole transaction......Until today.  Almost 1 month has passed (exactly 25 days) and my everyday glasses are still being "processed" by their laboratory.   Each Monday, I've called the store to check the status of the glasses.  I'm always told that, "Your order is still being processed" or "Your order will be shipping from our lab soon."  How is it that Lenscrafters requires 1 month to make a pair of glasses while every other optometrist in town advertises that they can have your glasses in a week or less?Each time I've called, none of their attendants attempt to explain the circumstances that are causing the delay.  Was there something weird about the lenses?  Did they stop manufacturing the type of frames I chose?  When I called again yesterday, the attendant who answered the phone told me that she would have to call the lab, and then call me back.  However, she NEVER returned my call (probably because she was buried under work orders from other customers). To be fair, I think my case is a freak accident, and I am sure that there are dozens of happy customers who walk out of Lenscrafters everyday.  I feel that I can't deduct too many points from the store itself, because they do have capable employees and their manufacturer is probably more to blame for the missing glasses.  My biggest complaint is that this location obviously lacks sufficient staff to man the floor and adequately serve the number of people that come in.I have a baby registry here due to a friend's recommendation because of the money back policy. The first time we went was on a weekend and everything was okay (besides the woman spelling everything incorrectly on my registry so I had to come back to fix) but we went on a weekday to finish up and it was awful. We had our travel system picked after much research/trial. The registry sales person took it ypon themselves to try to talk us into another system for over an hour. We wasted all the time we had on that and got nothing else done. I walked away feeling really bothered by the dude and upset he'd wasted my time. I haven't stepped for back in the store and don't really want to. Get control of your registry people champaign toys r us! Help only if asked and get stuff right the first time!Their stuffed pizza is good, but not comparable to others in town. I'm a little pissed since last time I ordered, I asked them to put cheese on top of my stuffed pizza instead of the tomato sauce; they did, but after I paid, some guy came up to me and said, 'you should have been charged for an extra topping since you asked for cheese on top.' mind you, he had no idea what I had already paid!So, I told him to look at the bill, and sure enough, I had not been charged for the one additional topping (wow-a whole $1.50ish I'm sure!!!!) I tried to pay him, but he wouldn't take the money; I think he enjoyed bitching about it, and if I had given him the money, he would have had to shut up about it. Hey 'oh-my-God-you-didn't-pay-us-for-that-topping' pizza guy - no worries, I'll likely not be back.They don't keep this place clean at all; it's almost sickening to walk in the door.pizza is not anything to write home about, that is for sure.

well staffed (3 house cleaners)Cons

Our server only checked on us once.  The water boy did refill us frequently.  I am shocked that this place is so busy.  It is totally not worth it.  Spend your money elsewhere.Disappointing.  I love supporting local business, so when I veered into the neighborhood street to enjoy some local goodness, I was hoping for something as unique as the neighborhood that homes it.  The place was a quaint little shop, with a whole lot of sandwich selections, and the staff is friendly and welcoming.  I stood for a moment to peruse the selection and finally settled on an avocado BLT on seven grain to-go (I can't remember the clever name).  I also ordered a reasonably priced 32oz of freshly brewed tea (which was perfectly tasty).  The sandwich, drink and 'complementary' mini bag of chips came out to almost $10- a little pricey for what I got.  I eagerly opened up my sandwich to find a pretty small square of doughy bread laying over a meager melange of shredded iceberg, avocado, bacon bits and maybe tomato.  It was kinda gooey and I could hardly taste the yumminess I've come to expect with even the most modest BLT.  ...But nothing, it was so... bland!  For $10, I expected better quality ingredients.  If I go back, it'll be for the iced tea on the patio.  Sorry Ladybug.We only went because they had a yelp special and I'm glad we didn't pay full price because I could make an equal, if not better sandwich at home. Nothing to write home about.I have heard great things about this place, and even though I work in South Chandler, I decided to travel the 20 miles one way up to Phoenix to try this place. The quality of the food was good, I ordered the Bogey. But, it did not have tomatoes on it. I only discovered this after I drove the 20 miles back down to Chandler. I was extremely disappointed. I called to let them know (it's all about word of mouth these days ) and the lady was quite helpful and assured me I'd get a cookie next time I come in. But I won't come in again. I just won't take time to babysit and quality check sandwiches after I get them from here. 'Ain't no one got time for that.'So I won't go again. I still believe the quality of the food is good, just make sure you check your order to ensure what you asked for is what you got.The staff is nice.  The decor of the place is a hodge-podge.  I ordered a BLT and potato salad.  The BLT was average.  The bread was fresh, but there was just a tiny bit of shredded lettuce rather than a few crisp leaves.  The bacon was crispy.  They were stingy with the tomato.  The potato salad was practically inedible.  The potatoes were rubbery and hard.  With so many other options, I will not be returning.Sacks is my ultimate favorite sandwich shop, but since it was noon on Friday and I guarantee no parking at Sacks,I decided to give Ladybug a try. I got half chicken salad sandwich, potato salad and small tea. I was first surprised at how small the sandwich was for the price I paid. The chicken salad had way too much mayo. The potato salad tasted like it came from a tub and I actually seen the cookies in a store bought box and the soup from a box as well! It would be nice to see bigger sandwiches and homemade items.Purchased a yelp deal and thought we would check them out! We got a couple soups, and sandwiches. The food seems overpriced for the quality and quantity. The decor is awful and the tables and seats were uncomfortable. All in all, I was not impressed.My company has ordered from here many times because of the delivery. They are VERY slow. Most of the time my order is missing items. Ive let it slide but after today Ive made my decision to not return. I ordered super early (like 10:40 and my order didnt come until 12:15. It was missing an item. The driver dropped it off at the front desk and didnt wait for me to arrive to verify the order. Im frustrated.Good quality but pricey for the amount of food you get. Had to stop at taco bell after I ate here.Good Mexican. But the service leaves much to be desired like waiting for the waiter to finally return when they place you at a booth out of line of sight. Proprietor is kinda fake acting and insincere. The quality of the food which is good does not make up for the shoddy service.  The patrons there are usually loud and obnoxious or undisciplined children.It's not totally bad nor totally great--just okay.  Our first visit here was pretty good, so we decided to come back. Even after horrible service and entree mix-up on Cinco de Mayo, we came yet again on Monday night.  I asked the server if there were any drink specials and he began telling me about the margaritas. Had the peach and it  was just not very flavorable... waste of almost $7.   The server was decent.  Luckily we had a LivingSocial deal to help with the bill. We think we take an extended break from the "Fiesta"  ;)Food was pretty good. As we were leaving, we handed the guy $60 cash, our meal was around $45, and he came back and said that we only gave him $40. He then left and came back with the $15. It was pretty clear that he was trying to rip us off. The music is a little loud but the service was quick. All in all, I have had better Mexican before.The food tasted microwaved. The salsa tasted like it was poured from a jar. Nothing really authentic tasting there. Service was good thoughBiggest let down yet. Ive eaten here with my family since they opened. Never have i had the service i received at lunch today for a to go order. Everything was wrong when i got home. I waited 25 min for my food and it was wrong. I will not come back for lunch during the week. Hopefully they can staff better for lunch the woman running things looked flustered and confused. My favorite mexican joint has let me down todayLame!Pretty deceiving, actually....  the photo of the "For Coffee Lovers Only" selection showed some good lookin' ice cream in a waffle bowl. So I ordered the "Like It" size, which was the smaller of the two. $5.89 later........Yes, that's right - - SIX DOLLARS for ONE scoop of ice cream! And NO waffle bowl - -just a cheap paper cup bowl. Ridiculous! My mouth kinda hit the floor - -good thing I had a $5 meal voucher from getting bumped on a flight. OMG!I have NEVER paid $6 for one scoop before.... airport or no airport. Maybe in NYC or London, but PHX....??? c'mon now... REALLY??And the ice cream... eh, it was not even that good.I think perhaps fast food chicken places hire the most stupid of all employees available to the fast food industry.We have stopped here a few times to pick up food and eat it at home. Not once have we gotten what we ordered. Ok I am sure now you are thinking I must be the most stupid of customer for not checking before I leave. Well yeah I agree with you. But this last time we ordered 12 pieces, I did look in the bag to see that all that we ordered was there. I did not take the chicken out to count it, we got eight pieces. Gus called to complain and all they said was, what am I supposed to do about it? So I will answer that question now, Nothing do nothing and I will wise up and just bypass your store from now on.Not sure how this place is getting good reviews, unless they are employees or we just hit it on a bad day. The staff is not friendly at all and when we got our three meals home, they had absolutely no dipping sauces that we had asked for, no condiments or anything.The coleslaw was warm and disgusting, so we couldn't eat it and my catfish was so rubbery and undercooked it was like chewing gum.  I couldn't eat it.  Had to throw entire dinner away, except for the biscuit.The only reason I'm giving  it two stars is the chicken strips that my kids got looked halfway decent.this is supposed to be the "world's greatest handburgers"

The free wifi was horribly slow!When  I booked this reservation, I wanted a nice hotel for one night. The drivers for the shuttle were very nice; when I arrived the front desk attendant was Luke warm at best. The lobby and room were nicely decorated. Once in my room, I wanted to shower and sleep; unfortunately the water was cold and there was hardly pressure to bathe. I called for assistance and was assured that while I was out the problem would be fixed....hot water staying hot & water pressure is not too much to ask for from Hilton??!! Apparently it is!! When  I came back to the room from being out; the water was hot to Luke warm to cold....really? Hilton....really??!! It's such a shame; not a great experience because management  did not seem to care; some front desk personnel seemed to get an attitude because I was calling about it and the only one who showed any concern was the engineer who was supposed to have addressed the issue....but nothing happened....my experience with this location was like the water temp, service, engagement and follow thru.....Luke warm......sad thing...,there are many other hotels to choose from in the area!! Next time!!! :(((The only reason this place gets two stars is because of the food.We were there June 6, and around 830PM, we decided to walk in the Verona Restaurant, since we wanted a nice dinner for my husband's birthday.

Auf unserer Rechnung war schlielich auch noch das Gericht, welches ausverkauft war.Insgesamt haben wir unseren Aufenthalt berhaupt nicht genossen und sind so schnell wie mglich wieder gegangen.Food was excellent.But....No plates?

I would visit this place a lot more if the customer service was better. I think I visit this place once maybe twice a year.

OK, now before I get into a pissing match with anyone I just have to say this, the place is ridiculously expensive.I don't get why you have to spend almost $200 on 1 pair of jeans? I mean come on!! I guess I would expect this from a store like this, but it's mostly all graphic t-shirts and pants..I do like the style..but I mean everything in there is graphic-ified. haha.

Selection is mediocre.

     I also explained that I would be back later in the day to rent a truck to pick up the couches. The employee then explained to me that I would not be able to access my storage unit after business hours, and that if I wanted to have access after 7pm I would need to pay 10 dollars a month more to have 24 hour access. I told him that would be great seeing that I wasn't picking up the couches until 7:15.

No order at the front of the club......

All in all I've tasted and had better Chinese food than here for a better price to boot.Last night we ordered food for pick up. It was very busy that evening. But when I stood near the front podium where they seat people and the counter you pick up orders from I was ignored for ten minutes. After saying to manager that I'm just picking order up she walked away. and then when she  came back just didn't acknowledge me. The bartender I'm assuming who seemed to be in charge of bar and pick up counter also ignored me the whole time until i yelled excuse me I just need to pick. Up order I called in he turned looked at tickets and grabbed what he thought was my order handed it too me witch by the way the bag was sealed and sitting on counter the whole time I waited. I get home and the order was wrong. General chicken shouldn't have shrimp in it. So I brought it back. The manager whining noted me earlier goes thru the good and tells me it's correct order !!! No I feel like a dummy so I leave the testurant to bring food home. The same food I got the first time, we finally open the top of container it was see threw and yup that's shrimp and honey chicken. Not what we ordered so we call the restaurant they want to bring us the right order but by this time an hour has passed foods cold my wife whom is pregnant and about to have baby any day is starving as am I. So we told them we wanted refund witch they did give us. But what a hassle. Hence I will never go back to dragon wok again. Ohh and the sweet and sour chicken was right but they cover the chicken in the sauce instead of serving the sauce on the side with crunchy chicken you get soggy sauce drenched chicken. The part that pissed me off the most was while I was being ignored another waiter was asking where to bring drinks to and that bartender looked right at me eye contact and said no not him around the corner behind me. At that point I finally yelled for his attention!!!!'   Don't waist time or money here !!!!' Hot wok is better and cheaper and right down the street.....We've eaten at the Dragon Wok multiple times over the past five years.I rarely get on yelp and give her views but I feel it's my duty to alert everyone in the area that this place is gone way down the drain it saddens me. Up until about six months ago was probably the best kept secret in the East Valley.My bill was $47 and are used to be okay with this... Today I feel like I got the short end of the stick and my stomach is starting to rumble:/I hope that they read this and return to their glorious ways.This place is yet another very average Chinese restaurant here in the East Valley.  When we went the other night, we waited a bit too long to place our order.  As far as the food, I was really not impressed with either the Won Ton Soup or the eggrolls.  The eggrolls were all cabbage and barely had any pork in them.They were also on the pricey side.  I think they were charging $10.99 for your average Beef or Chicken Lo Mein.Delivery was fast but we had to order $28 in food to make it happen .  It didn't take long to get to $28 since their prices are so high .  $12 - $15 per item seems steep for less than average Chinese food.  I'd have been better off going to Frys and buying 1 of everything in the frozen Chinese food section and cooking it myself.  Where's PF Chang's at around here when you need one?  I'd even settle for the 1.50 an item joint back home over this swillA waste of money, portions too small for money you spend. Food was not that tasty either. Will not try again because of this. Entrees should come with egg roll.This place must have changed ownership. The food used to be good but we ordered takeout and it was terrible. I have NEVER seen Mu Shu pork served without the pancakes and hoisin sauce, but there's was. There were hardly any vegetables in it and the pork was sliced into big medallions. The fried rice was just rice. No egg, no vegetables. We will not order again.Braved rush hour Tuesday (my one-way trip there took more than an hour!) to stock up on bread before the shop closes in observance of Passover, and left wondering why I even bothered at all- I even risked having a handyman wait for me while I fought traffic to rush home to meet with him.  I was told by Ben that Funky Monkey came in two sizes (1- and 2-lb. weight loaves), but only had the smaller loaf to purchase that afternoon.   Also, the baker there was not as helpful, nor as understanding, with my allergen ingredient questions than Ben was.  From now on, I will only visit if Ben is there to offer up a more amiable approach to customer service!Today's purchases:1.  Sweety Wheaty loaf ($6.99?, plus tax), sliced to order.  I specified sliced to serving size (2 oz.), and I'm glad that the machine's calibration was set so that the resulting slices were even thinner (more slices than specified serving size amount).  Gotta find ways to cut down calories!2.  1-lb. Funky Monkey loaf ($4.99, plus tax)- I suppose the cute packaging is useful in gift-giving, but I prefer the packaging treatment given to those loaves sold at Whole Foods- first wrapped in parchment paper and taped, then wrapped again in a beautiful and classy brown bag with store logo and nutritional info decals.  Granted, those loaves I buy are of the 2-lb. variety, which incidentally are currently marked up by at least $2 ($2.50, I think)!  Definitely get these at SB.  Of course, WF' store hours are much more useful to those of us who cannot visit SB during its business hours (9a-5p) Mondays to Fridays.3.  Tasty and gorgeous (esp. the pepper) focaccia "rolls," ($0.77 each); non-herbed and sun-dried tomato.  Both have great toothiness and surprisingly rich and complex favors, yet are a bit too salty, esp. the tomato.  The non-herbed, which touched the paper-side of the bag they were both sheathed in, did leave a HUGE grease stain (the entire width and length of the roll), which indicated a hefty amount of butter and/or oil was used in the recipe.  I'm glad to see the grease stain on the paper bag, actually, as this showed that less of the grease made it into my digestive and cardiovascular systems! ;)  The sun-dried tomato roll was touching the plastic side of the bag, so I detected less grease stains emitted, but I'm pretty sure it was also fat-laden, bec. it just tasted so buttery and simply utterly sinful!  Oh my!  I can't wait to go back and get some more (but only when Ben is there to assist me!).Don't believe the sign out front. While it is an OK cheese steak, it's definitely not the world's best. I had to ask for cheese whiz, and it really wasn't that flavorful.  Bread was fresh, and they are made to order, but I would compare it to Steak Escape at the mall and a little overpriced.  The service is extremely friendly though, I will give that 5 stars, but my money will be better spent elsewhere.Shame because terrible customer service doesn't make up for the really good food...at least for me.The cheesesteaks are very good but an hour to wait for a sandwich is just way too much. Also, there was no warning of how long the wait would be, and every time we asked how much longer, we were told 15 more minutes. It is too bad, nice family business, just not run effectively.Close to home and I'm a big philly fan. We called in the order and were asked how many sandwiches we needed and we said two. Apparently,  they were running low on bread and had we needed more we would have been turned down. Then we asked for the wedge cut fries and they were out of those as well. Starving and now craving Philly cheese steak, we ordered anyways. We took it to go and the food was very hot. Got home and it was still warm, to my surprise,  the fries were amazing and the italian philly I ordered was good. I got it with just meat and cheese. We would go back.Sandwich was kinda dry.  Not enough cheese on the cheese steak.  They ran out of coke at the soda fountain. I asked them 3 times if they would fix it , they said they were too busy. There were no customers and they were sitting around arguing in some foreign language (arabic?) Coke did not get changed until an employee came out to get a coke and found out it was out.  Next time I am going to Mike's. They always have a great cheese steak.I was very disappointed after driving up from Tucson.  When I walked in the front door there  any was a fool pounding on the grille with his spatula.  My first concern was am I going to be eating fine pieces of metal that might break off.  The pounding was so loud that the girl taking the order right in front of me had difficulty hearing what I was ordering.  I ordered a cheese steak with onions and whiz.  The whiz over took the flavor of the meat and I could barely taste any onions.  The meat in the sandwich was minced real fine and with the whiz mixed in, my wife made a remark that it looked like one of our dogs had thrown up.  I certainly would not recommend this restaurant for cheese steak sandwiches.I checked this place out because they have such a good rating, but it was very average. I had a cheesesteak, the meat was chopped so small it gave it almost a hamburger texture... Not one of my faves. I prefer steak escape at the mall.We have been going to this Trader Joe's since they opened.  But on Friday they did something I have never seen this grocery store do.  The person at the checkout, whom seemed very bored, put our bag of Trader Joe's potato chips flat on the bottom of the back which in turn cushioned all the other items he put on top.  A couple of cans, a jar of capers and some vegetables.  Now I guess he thought that they needed protection and unfortunately we didn't catch it until we got home and started to put the items away. Sure enough, neither the glass jar with the capers or the cans were damaged. Guess we will really have to watch from now on. Is that a new technique?

Ensalada Sol was good, but I could've made a better salad at home for half the price..

And my last visit, I ordered another original milk tea with their boba and egg custard. To me, their egg custard had a funny texture to it and the milk tea was just not cutting it for me and then later on, I also received a stomachache.I'm aware that other people really do enjoy this place, but I guess it's just not the place for me.The food isn't all that great. I like fusion food but eating a sushi version of a burrito isn't a good idea when you actually bite into it. My friend hyped me to come here and I like the facility and the way the presentation is it but I had a hard time finishing my first half due to the weird flavors and unusual taste. I ended up opening the sushi wrap and just eating the spicy tuna and yellowtail by itself. I rather order a regular sushi roll. I'm normally not a picky eater but this is one of the few times I really couldn't finish my meal. Wonder how people can really enjoy this place. Not likely to come backIt was ok. The experience was fun. BUTTTT, it really wasn't THAT delicious. I think people are just excited about the hype of it all. It didn't taste any different than something I can get at the grocery store. They just didn't cut the pieces so I can eat it like a burrito is really all I get out of it. My cousin complained about her stomach in knots for about an hour after eating. The staff didn't seem that excited to be there either. No recommendations and just a whole lot of awkward silence.**** I am updating my review because I feel consistency is key and that was not the case here. I am a very plain person, the first time I ever went in I was making a "custom" order but the employee at the time was amazing and told me that what I was getting was just a California roll with a few add ins. From then on the next 2 or 3 times I had gone in I would ask for a California burrito and just add the sauces I like and cilantro and corn (nothing big just something FREE extras I liked). Yesterday that was not the case, when my burrito was being customized, the employee went on to tell me (not in the nicest tone) that it was actually a custom and not a California since I was adding things. I said oh ok and he cut me off short and did not let me finish adding the things I wanted. I paid more than I usually do yet got way less than I usually do. Not only was my last experience not the best but it was different from every other time I have been here. Probably won't be coming back any time soon.a low review due to the customer service.

I will finish this off with the positives, they had cocktail onions.  You wouldn't believe how hard it is to find cocktail onion served in this town.  Second their system for splitting checks is hands down amazing with us each getting charged 1/4 of the appetizer price.  I haven't seen that before.  Third the decor is nice.I love a good Fox restaurant. Let's be honest. They rarely let you down. I've been trying for months to get downtown to go to Arrogant Butcher, and was so excited when we finally had the time. The decoration, as we've come to expect from Fox, was phenomenal. What a beautiful space. The pretzel fondue, while identical to the dish at Culinary Dropout, was just as delicious in it's reincarnation at Butcher. The food was delicious, burgers cooked to perfection, the turkey sloppy joe is hearty and stays together, making it rather "unsloppy", etc. The reason for my 2 star rating lies with the service. We made requests that were minor (no mayo, no lettuce, etc.), and every single edit we made was ignored. Usually an easy fix, when we brought it to the waiter's attention we were met with lots of attitude and not a lot of assistance. It's unfortunate, because downtown desperately needs more interesting and tasty options, and this one left me with a bad taste in my mouth.I had been anxiously anticipating when I was going to be able to try this place. I had heard so many good things from reviews and friends but I was underwhelmed with the food and the service.We went during happy hour after we did the Yelp Shopping Crawl so the place was packed and the atmosphere was nice. We sat outside but the space heaters kept us nice and toasty. We didn't have to wait to long before we got our drink orders in and we started off with an order of the soft pretzels and fondue. I have had this same dish at Culinary Dropout and they are so good (plus during happy hour they are a discounted price so even better). I ordered the Turkey Sloppy Joe which was pretty good (I did like it didn't fall apart like crazy), but I wished they noted that it comes with mayo on the menu. They didn't mind giving me a fresh bun that was mayo free. I really liked the side salad that came with it. A friend ordered the beef burger and they got his order completely wrong and our server didn't seem to care. I hate making a big deal out of messed up orders since you never know if it was the kitchen or the server and people make mistakes, but I think they could of been a little better about it. Everybody has a bad day occasionally, so I think I need to give this place another shot. The crabbed stuffed chicken sounds particularly tasty.In agreement with other reviews, I have mixed feeling about this place. The weak point, the service. We had got our appetizers and five minutes later they brought the entrees while we where half the way through the appetizers. It was obvious we were still working on our starters, four half full plates of cheese and prosciutto. Instead of taking the entrees back to the kitchen, he dropped them on the table and left. One of the entrees was a ribeye, our cutlery was not replaced and had to ask for a meat knife, which tool me five minutes because none of the waiters was paying attention. The steak was nicely cooked, but having to leave half dish of a beautiful prosciutto on the plate or else the meat will get cold is not a good experience.We came in extra early for dinner on the way to an event. The place was packed and on a wait with mostly sports enthusiast also on the way to an event. That normally is a good sign that things should be running well. I did notice the hostess using great restraint not filling every single table to pace the kitchen. Eventually we got seated, my husband ordered a drink off the drink menu, I thought they might run too sweet so I ordered what I thought was a common drink that you can get anywhere a bloody mary. The waiter comes back very apologetic and tells me they don't have the ingredients to make a bloody mary and hands me the drink menu so real fast I picked skinny mojito not realizing it was raspberry flavored because I picked it out too fast and didn't read it all. He brings it over and the color is bubblegum pink. So I tried it and there was no way anyone anywhere can drink this drink, it really was that bad the chemical taste was overwhelming. IT WAS THE WORST DRINK I EVER TASTED ANYWHERE and I wasn't even able to chug it for a buzz. I do note my husbands drink was drinkable but left an after taste in my mouth and he also couldn't believe how horrible the raspberry mojito was.We decided to share and start with two cheeses that come with two chunks of bread each and a tiny pot of rasp berried cherries. This was the highlight of the meal and I am not a fan of rasp berried cherries. However the cheeses and bread was fresh cut to order and that is how it should be done.When we finished my waiter did notice I pushed away the drink and asked me if I wanted to try another drink. I said no, I will just drink water and he took it away. (and off the bill)I decided to try the salmon and envisioned it tasting good with apples and farro. But what I received was less than a dieters portion as a whole, the fish had a nice sear on it but wasn't as fresh as I like and was a little over cooked but edible. A very small amount of spinach and fennel garnished the fish that was approximately a tablespoon total. I could tell just by looking at the farro it wasn't cooked. I was brave and decided to try the farro and it was undercooked being very chewy and also was what I am thinking might have been end of the pan because it also was HARD AND CRUNCHY and I could have damaged my teeth eating it. I also wasn't a fan of the flavors because this entree was as sweet as dessert. Little tiny light like small water chestnut shape things were elevating the salmon and they was odd, honestly I thought they were water chestnuts but they turned out to be the apples that I forgot about. I doubt that this dish is suppose to be this was and do chalk it up to them being massively busy and running out of food. But this dish WAS A TRAIN WRECK and I was steaming over the crunchy farro that was HARD to chew.My husband had the jambalaya, he said the chicken in it was very dry and he thought all the ingredients were cooked separately and then just tossed together.We were checked on when we were finished at that point I really didn't feel like bringing up the farro after that traumatizing pink drink.My husband meant well and was sorry he picked this place for dinner.Stopped by for a few a few drinks and a appetizer about 830 on last Saturday night

Friendly 5/5I was not happy with the way my brows turned out. There was no shape whatsoever. I asked her to shape or more and she had an attitude and was BSing on why they were fine.  It was my first and LAST time going there. I usually go down the street where it is even $2 cheaper but this one is right by my house so it was convenient. They need better customer service.Called them about getting a quote for a complete installation, tech came out and took some measurements and said the door size was non standard and no room inside garage to install opener components.  He suggested I look into getting a roll up door, so I asked for a quote on that.  He said he would get back to me, two days go by and I call their office.  They said, "Oh let me look into that, I'll call you back".  Never heard from them.  I believe they are more interested in simple repairs than real installation projects.I have had two less-then-favorable experiences at this store. I don't think I will be back, despite how close it is to my work (making it easier for me to go to then any other Halloween store in town).Flash back to about a year ago. I needed some tanga panties, the cute looking little boy shorts with all of the ruffles. I was still debating what else I was going to wear to the event I was attending, so I started out with a black pair. I found them near the shoes for some reason. Didn't make sense, but their unusual placement later became important. When I bought them I was told no refunds, exchanges only. This also became important later.After purchasing my other items, I realized I needed the tanga panties in pink. So I went back to exchange them. I wouldn't normally take panyies back a store, I'd just keep them for later use... They had never been taken out of the sealed plastic bag though so I figured this was safe. My receipt said exactly what I was told when I bought them - No refunds, exchanges only.Despite this, the manager on duty the day I went back to the store refused to do the exchange. She pointed over to a different part of the store, where a sign hung that said there was no exchanges allowed on under garments. I pointed out that the black panties were not near that sign at all and instead in the wrong area. I also explained that the salesperson that rang me up told me the store policy was exchanges only and never mentioned that what I was buying was not really able to be exchanged. I ended up winning that battle. I was still annoyed buy the entire fiasco though, so when it came time to get ready for Halloween 2009, I did all of my shopping elsewhere.I have another event to attend this weekend that requires a costume. I decided to swing in after work to look for a headband to wear. When I was standing in a fairly wide aisle, an employee walked by carrying a step ladder... And she HIT me on the leg with it. Now, I understand accidents happen, but the women didn't say a word to me. If she realized she hit me, the lack of an apology is beyond rude. If she didn't realize she hit me, she needs to wake up. Either way, I am sure I can find anything I may need for Halloween or any other event at a business with better trained, more attentive employees.They are open year round and have the largest selection of costumes and accessories that I've seen. There are no dressing rooms, so you'll have to try everything on in the aisles. Each costume normally has a set specific for you to try on, but if you need a different size and they don't have a sample in that size then you're SOL. The customer service left something to be desired. I went in yesterday trying to get an early start on a costume for my 5 year old. I found a wonderful costume online, but I'm often nervous about making online clothing purchases and not knowing if it'll be a proper fit, so I thought I'd see if they had it. I was immediately greeted by a man who asked if there was anything he could help me find. I told him about the costume and even showed him a picture. He said he'd check their computer and made a point of telling me that he'd find me in the store if I left the aisle I was in. I continued looking around, but after 20 mins...He didn't return.I picked up a small mask that caught my child's eye and made my way to the register. The man was there along with SIX others, buy none of them said a single word to me. I awkwardly looked about me to ensure I was standing within the roped area that signals a customer is ready to purchase and still none of them asked to assist me. Finally, one of the pudgier guys who had walked back and forth behind the counter and made eye contact with me twice before...looked at me again and without saying anything just waved his hand to motion me forward as he rolled his eyes. I get to his register and he says "I'll help you." There was no mistaking his unpleasant attitude. Most of the costumes here can be found elsewhere and much, much cheaper. I went to Party City before going here and Halloween Mart is selling the same exact Queen of Hearts costume for $40.00 more than Party City. If it's not Halloween and you absolutely need a costume and cannot wait to have it shipped from online then, ok...you can go here as a last resort. It might be a better idea to try the costume on here and buy it online as Halloween Marr isover priced and the staff is rude.I'm giving it 2 stars for one reason only.  They don't have dressing rooms to try on the costumes.  The sales lady told me you can try them on over your clothes in the aisle. No thank you, if you don't have a dressing room to try on the costumes than I'm not interested in buying one from you. It's a shame because the selection here has been the best I've found so far in Vegas.  They have a large selection of costumes, masks, wigs, and Halloween props but with a no return policy I'm not going to chance an ill fitting costume.I just moved in. I was a little worried about the area but it seems to be more young professionals than anything else and the price is reasons compared to most other apartments. I have no encountered to man issues. The staff is great and Maintenon came out quick on one issue still waiting for the light outside my door to be fixed. From other reviews this is a common problem.The place is elective which I can't stand in every way. The heater is ok and the hot water ran out quick once. All I contribute to being electric.I've only seen one shady looking person hanging in the parking lot. Pretty quite complex. No real issues yet. One kid with loud base playing in car a few times. In the day only. The real issue is the loud neighbors above. That's to be expected since I'm on the bottom but that will be the issue I break my lease if it doesn't get better.From what I understand you can not upgrade to a top floor. Which is dumb cause you'd think they would want to save you as a resident.The complex policy is a bit insane compared to other complexes. I was seeking an upstairs unit when I moved in but they didn't have any. Now that one is available only after just moving in a month ago they won't let me transfer with out paying $1000.00 extra. I'd be willing to start a new lease which would provide them more money in the end. Makes no sense in their part especially if their tenant decide to break the lease early because of this. Living downstairs really is an issue for someGas prices due to location are higher than average.  I usually don't fill up here but frequent the the convenience store cause it's on the way to work.

The last time I was in there I was disappointed in how dirty and smelly the place had gotten. The waitress was very nice, and I still like the burgers and the Big Ass BurritoIf they cleaned it up a little it could probably be nice again.This place is a decent location for lunch. The food is very good and the service is pretty decent. It is really dark in there, but not too bad. The only issue I had was with their happy hour special. We were there late for lunch and their happy hour starts at 2pm. Their happy hour special was a half price burger. The confusing part was that on the menu it states the burger comes with fries. But, the happy hour burger does not. There is no price to determine what "half price" was. We were also told that the add-ons to the burger cost more than the regular burger. So once you added cheese, bacon and fries. You were only saving about $1 on the burger from the regular price of a bacon cheeseburger. So, its not a great deal. They need to rethink that. While the food was good, I have had the same quality at places that don't try to trick their customers with lame specials. I honestly feel bad for the server at this place because she was put in a really bad position by management in dealing with their sad specials.Taking away stars from this place. They no longer serve dim sum daily. They now have a buffet that for the most part is rather bland and the presentation is so unappetizing. At least make it look good enough to eat. Dim sum comes out over cooked as if it was just reheated.Went to TJ's tonight and got a couple large pizzas. Food was good, a lot better than your typical Dominos or Little Caesars. Guy was nice, took the order, got it right. Nothing really beyond that. We got some coffees from the gas station next door while we waited, that was nice. I might go here again simply because I like to shop local, but all in all I would have to say it was just okay. Maybe I'll give the wings a shot next time...Damn nasty wings. Low quality meat, hard to chew, impossible to swallow.  I had to throw out the wings and find something else for dinner.Don't know how this place is still in business.  The dough is decent but the cheese and sauce is horrible.  The boneless wings are very horrible also.  The bone in wings are good.  Drinks are 1.70$ with .50 cent refills.  But the gas station 20 steps away has 44oz drinks for 81 cents.  You choose.Kimberly D could not be more right about the attitude of the person who takes phone orders. I'm not sure it's the owner but he sounds like the same rude, condescending prick every time I order. I've walked in to order as well and the service is usually awesome when I order in person. TJs food is always delicious whether picked up or delivered but I always second guess ordering from them if I plan to call it in for pickup or delivery. I'm aware customer service is a dying art but come on... No one deserves that kind of rude attitude. Keep driving away customers TJs. Don't be surprised if the calls stop coming in.This place is pretty "meh". I tried the wings. Nothing special. I ordered the creamy garlic wings, and although the sauce tasted good, it was far from creamy. The consistency was closer to that of water. The inside of the place is a little naked and kind of dirty. The staff were nice enough, but it wasn't enough to make me want to return.I still love the food but I had a terrible experience with the "owner". I called in to place an order around 7:30 and about halfway through ordering she shouted "Sorry we're actually closing up now it's been a slow night" and just hang up! What the???? Have you ever stopped to think the reason you're slow is because you treat your customers like garbage! Seriously, I've been a loyal customer for over 10 years and in one fatal swoop you've almost lost me forever. Real nice!Quick, usually on time. Guy on the phone was normal and friendly when I came to pick up.Food is pretty low quality. With that said, it's also pretty cheap. Chicken meat in the sub had a strange poppy and "crunchy" texture, pretty bad. Calzone was better but a little rich. You get what you pay for, so that's all okay. Cheese bread was pretty good for the price.What's really wrong is the smell. This place has a horrid grease-trap odor that sets the tone every time I've eaten here. Grosses me out, worst I've smelled around here by far. Employees/restaurant was pretty filthy as well.Also, charging me to use a debit card on a $25 order in 2016? Come on. Don't stick me with your cheapness. Only restaurant in the entire valley that I've had this done (or at least have been told about). Not the worst food, but due to the cleanliness and smell, we won't be back. It was pretty bad. Tried it a few times, but noting has improved.I was so excited to go shopping at this location (Bettie Paige store in Vegas) since I've only been to the one in San Diego and I love Pinup stores.  However it was not a great experience.  The sales people were not friendly or helpful.  I didn't feel welcomed even though I was there to shop and not just look.  I picked out an item and she asked me where I lived.  I said California and she asked me why I was shopping there when I could get things for cheaper in LA!!  Not a very smart thing to say to someone that is there to buy.  I do love the clothes, shoes and accessories that the Bettie Page store's carry, but she's right I probably could find cheaper things where I live.  Anyways...I still bought what I went in for - shoes and a belt for the evening.  So 4 stars for what the store carried, but 1 Star for the their sales people.Six months ago it would've rated 5 stars.  Sadly the name as well as the stock has changed.  A lot of the charming decor seems to be missing.  After bringing my younger daughter here, I was excited to bring my eldest here but she found nothing interesting enough to even try on.  Truly miss the old Bette Paige store!I was surpised by the down turn in customer service at your stores.  I made two stops on my recent trip to Vegas.  If I was rating the quality and design of the clothing it would be eleventy thousand stars.1st visit:

And besides, my mom don't know who is our server support our table."They cannot handle the traffic on weekends. If you get there an hour after they open if feels like you have to beg for food. Or the answer you get is I don't know, it's coming soon.Went on a Saturday thinking they would have high turnover and a lot of options. Wrong. It was clean and friendly enough, but the options were incredibly limited. Granted being from Seattle and being spoiled by great dim sum doesn't make it better, but I definitely won't be back to this one. Very disappointed in the variety.Came for dinner with my family, and the food here was not good. The hot and sour soup was barely spicy or sour, and had a strange gamey taste. Thank god they had chili oil and vinegar on the table. The tea tasted like plastic. The crab puffs were decent. My husband got the beef fried rice and found a smushed gnat in his food. Additionally, the rice didn't seem to be actually fried. It was more like steamed rice with stuff in it. The chicken with honey ginger was ok. I liked the pickled ginger. Overall, would not return here.My wife and I love Dim Sum and enjoy it whenever it is available all over the U.S. and Canada.  We stopped off at Mekong Palace yesterday and it was a disaster as well as a waste of time...with one misstep by the staff after another....First off, no one to greet us at the opening to the restaurant which is in the middle of a mall...A waitress finally pointed us to a table and we sat down..No "charge paper receipt" was left at the table for the wandering cart-pushers to use for our tally..

Nice location, good people watching, crummy sushi.I had the standard nigiri sushi assortment. Not impressed. The loud music was distracting, but this is Vegas. There isn't a whole lot to say about so-so sushi. This place seems like it's popular because it's overlooking the strip and it has a rep for a good happy hour. Maybe my expectations were too high.The sushi was good enough - nothing to blow your mind but good enough that I would possibly consider a return trip if I was regularly in the area.  But the service was pretty terrible.  Our server was pretty clueless about our menu questions, and he rarely checked in.  He was at a level at which I thought he was new, but it didn't seem like he was shadowing or that anyone was helping, so perhaps not.I considered giving them a 3 star based on the food and reasonable prices during happy hour, but you can find such better service on the Strip.  They would have earned it with a different server, no doubt!One shining moment from our visit  - Try the Emperor's Cucumberita -  yum!Ok so this is a sushi bar right? the salads and the regular menu was bigger than their sushi menu.  There was regular basic rolls and sashimi but very few specialty rolls.  I had the spicy tuna and one of their must have rolls, the Tootsy Maki.  The spicy tuna really lacked any kick as I like spicy, and the tootsy maki was supposed to have sauce on it and it was skimpy at best.  The kids got crab and cream cheese and it all fell apart and was just average.  The other child got sashimi and it came with radish noodles which was a nice dish.  Then the other mother got the tuna salad and it was nice but didn't seem anything special as limited tuna in it and a basic salad with tuna on top. The service was average as we had to ask for drink refills but she did check twice to see if we needed anything. I did have to ask for more ginger twice as well and we had to ask for chopstix helpers for the kids when most places offer if they have them.  The waitress was good answering questions though when she took our order but she hadn't tried and couldn't recommend the dishes we were asking about. The place was convenient as we were in the mall for the new Disney store but it wouldn't be my first pick for sushi where i would crave going back. I try to do sushi once a week but with sushi in the title of the restaurant i felt let down by their selection and the experience, especially for the price. Gave two stars as convenient if at fashion show, good view if sit outside and the food wasn't bad just not anything to stand outThe service was great, but the food was just OK.  I can't say anything bad about the sushi...it was fresh and passable, but nothing special.  The hot dishes were disappointing.  There are better places to go in vegas, and I left pretty unsatisfied.  Not the worst place I've ever been, but not a place I'd visit again unless I had to.I came here March 26 because I love Sushi. I was very disappointed in the service. We had a blonde woman server, Jenny, and she hardly came to our table. Soup was cold and I had to reach over to the next empty table to get soy sauce. Food was good, just hope you don't get Jenny.Omg this place has gone downhill!!!! This WAS one of my favorite happy hour spots in town. Not so much anymore. My friend and I were in the area and decided on this spot to meet up for drinks. We walked in, waited about 5 mins for a table and sat down. TWENTY minutes pass and still no service. My friend finally got up to the hostess to ask where out server was. The only saving grace of this place was our server. I completely forgot her name but she was so bubbly and nice. Not the fake nice, but the genuine nice. Anyway, prices for HH went up about 75 cents. Food quality went downhill with smaller portions. I ordered this one frozen lemonade Bellini concoction and it was awful. Only reason I drank it was because I didn't want to waste alcohol. Anyway, I had a good time with my friend but I don't think I'll be returning here nor would I recommend anyone to this place ever!!This place...has so much potential. I say that mainly because of where it is located, but unfortunately for them, my reviews are based on their food and service - not location. All of  the food we ordered (edamame, spicy tuna roll, ultimate shrimp tempura roll, and steamed veggies) felt less than fresh. The hot food came out borderline cold and the sushi just did not seem fresh. Our server seemed stressed and forgot our soy sauce which I had to go retrieve after waiting a while and it took a very long time to get the bill. My last gripe is about the noise level. It would not be an issue unless you are sitting outside next to the restaurant that they border (which we were). RA was playing one station very loudly and the restaurant next store was competing with a completely different station making it hard to think, let alone speak. Maybe happy hour would have been different, but for dinner...not recommended!Who runs out if edamame at a sushi bar?  And on a Monday night?  Server didn't know  much about sushi. Not impressed.Server wasn't good. Dropped a sushi plate and didn't refill our water.  But the sushi was good.  Get the ultimate shrimp tempura and ask for the tuna raw instead of seared.  By far the best one we ordered between 8 rolls and everyone agreed.This place was eh for me (even considering that it's a low-price sushi establishment). My sister and I shared salmon sashimi, a shrimp tempura hand roll, the special yellowtail hand roll, and a lobster shrimp cut roll. Although we ordered the lobster shrimp cut roll the sushi chef made a lobster salmon cut roll instead. The server brought out the wrong roll and was strongly trying to get us to give in and just eat the wrong roll. I hate when restaurants get things wrong and then try to have you accept their mistake. We ordered the lobster shrimp roll because after having salmon sashimi we didn't want to have more salmon. I refused and they made us the roll we had actually ordered. The food is ok. It's a somewhat low priced sushi place and that's the quality you get. The salmon sashimi was really cold as though it had been frozen and didn't quite defrost and the cut roll portion size was kind of small. Eh.RA, ha ha ha ha ok enough laughing lets talk about the restaurant this location was terrible. Upon approaching the restaurant I noticed that there was hardly anyone inside. Came up to the front door and I noticed like hundreds of greasy finger prints on there glass doors, oh well so they dont like to clean there glass windows, no biggy. We got seated pretty quickly being that there were very little people there that night. Ordered viva las Vegas and spicy tuna and a California roll, all were pretty terrible. We also ordered garlic lemon edamame and it was pretty good but there is a pit where all the juice and chili garlic all falls into and then you're forced to fish them out with some chopsticks. The service was ok, the waitress really never came back after she took our order. Some other girl brought out our sushi instead and that was about it, the next time we seen our waitress was when she brought us our check. Would I come back? heck no, this place sucked all around reason for the laughter, oh well at least I got a good laugh out of it.Overpriced sushi that's average. Drinks are decent but also pricey.I'm giving this place 2 stars because of the service. Food was your standard sushi restaurant joint. My sister and 2 cousins came in around 3PM on a Saturday. It was dead there. On their website it said that happy hour started at 3PM but when we got there, they told us happy hour didn't start until 4PM. We were hungry and I didn't care, I was willing to overlook. I guess everything on the menu was an additional $3 since we were straddling lunch / happy hour/ dinner. The waitress was like half helping us half flirting with some other customers and dicking around in the back. This totally pissed me off. Just because they worked at the hotels and you were trying to get into some club for tonight or whatever it is - you still have other customers you should attend to! Additionally, It looked like most of the wait staff was on lunch break and they were eating pizza in front or hiding in the back. We got an appetizer and no utensils. We had to ask the busboy to get us some. All the tables around us had cloth napkins but we ended up getting bar napkins and some forks. Wait, he threw in chopsticks for good measure too...The icing on the top was when we got the bill. She wrote a big "THANK YOU! =)" on the receipt AND circled the "suggested tip" section. WHAT THE FUCK? Just because i look young doesn't' mean I'm going to tip you $2. I was APPALLED. How fucking rude of you. Since I didn't want to be a bitch, I tipped my usual 18% and left.Never again. NEVER AGAIN.The food was not fresh.A platter of sushi/sashimi came out and it was very cold to the touch, we wiped frozen water slivers around the food. The yummy looking seared tuna was heavily dipped in peanut dressing, topped with an old piece of leafy greens.Drinks - any sweet cocktail is available Pricy & not worth your buck.I usually enjoy eating at RA Sushi, especially at a prime location such as Las Vegas, but I was quite disappointed with my latest experience. It was a pretty slow night and the service was still unusually slow. Also, we requested ginger but it was never brought to us.Had lunch here today.. Food was good. Server wasn't. Placed order for our food. Got most of it. Asked our server for the last thing we ordered and responded with if I made sure it went through. I don't work there! You do. Totally forgot about our food and when it did arrive wasn't even hungry anymore. 2 star for the food/drinks we did have. Going to go elsewhere next time we are in town.Ordered takeout. Totally got my order wrong. The guy that took down my order obviously did not know the menu and was not familiar with the Japanese names. That being said the food was decent but nothing special.We were walking around looking for something to eat and stopped here.   Service is super slow so don't stop here if you're in a hurry.  I have celiacs disease so can't have gluten but try to be understanding that my options are limited.   The waiter was so unhelpful.  I asked him if there was a gluten free menu and he said no.   Then he said "there's a list here somewhere " but couldn't find it.    All I needed to know it there was anything on the menu that didn't have gluten and he said " I don't know what to tell you"

 I ordered the Chicken and Waffles, it said drenched in honey, but I only found a trickle in the chicken so I had to ask for syrup, but there was plenty of butter. The waffle was good, the chicken was really good.

Sit down and immediately get the vibe our server is disappointed with our table. I'm assuming it's because we have a kid with us.

bacon.  The taste was good and cheesy but it was also pretty runny for

What a beautiful snowy Sunday; for brunchWe decided to try The ("Beer-unch") WOB's beer based brunch every Sunday from 11-3pm) at around 12:00pm. We sat ourselves and a waiter brought us menus and a beer list for the taps. There were two "infused brews"  on the menu, one of which was described as a "coffee stout infused with coffee and cherry" which somehow sounded Valentine-like so I was curious; the description also read 0.0% ABV...when I asked for more info on this infused brew, waiter deterred me from ordering this and said there were typos on the menu and I'd probably not like it; how he came to this conclusion I'll never know and this was very disappointing, as the WOB website states the staff is well informed of all their products and would love to talk brew.

"Sir, are you going out of state with this car?" "Uh, no, wasn't planning on it""Oh, because if you were you can get a Sonata Hybrid for $12 per day more!""Not bad, but no, I won't need it.""Are you sure? It's a nice car!""No, that's OK, thanks.""Ok, no problem. Will you be adding insurance for only $26 dollars a day?""No, I've got my own""Are you sure? This is Las Vegas! We have the highest insurance rates in the country because of the accidents and theft!""No, I'm from Miami, I'm familiar with the problem""I don't think it's a good idea, I had a renter just last week had their car stolen out of the Valet lot at the Mirage, and people break into the cars all the time! You'd be stupid not to take the insurance because your insurance won't cover the cost of downtime and other expenses!""Wow. Sounds like that's the Valet's problem really. No thank you. I'll be fine""You're getting an unheard of rate of $8 a day, you mean to tell me you won't protect yourself for only $78 dollars more?!""Yes, I'm sure.""Ok then, the total will be $66""I was told it was $51 when I booked online. Taxes and fees included... why is it more??""We automatically add roadside assistance for $15 when you book. If you have any problems the hookup to the tow truck alone will cost you $75!"I was tired of fighting.. "Whatever, fine."The next day I called in and complained, they took off the extra $15 because I KNEW I wasn't going to need it. Most of my driving consisted of driving from one parking lot to the other and the occasional trip off strip.My entire trip I was paranoid that something horrible was going to happen, like I'd come back to find my wheels were missing or I'd find my car days later in the bottom of the Grand Canyon stripped clean by the buzzards.Yes, a very 2 star experience.Today i had the "lovely" experience of the Payless manager at Las Vegas airport treat me as if I was not another human being. The agent was very friendly at first. She then went into the back for quite some time and when she came out a young woman was with her. This woman, who was obviously the manager, stood behind the agent with her arms crossed, staring at me, but never said a word. As the agent processed my reservation, for a good 3 minutes, the manager continued to stare starting to make me feel uncomfortable. At this point the former friendly agent's attitude completely changed. She told me I had to buy insurance. I declined. She insisted. I let her know I've rented cars plenty of times before and it was never required. She said that since they are a low budget car service they require it, which is how I received a great rate. Keep in mind Payless was only $30 less than a top car rental company. The extra insurance would cost me $20 PER DAY. The same cost as my car per day. Also, what she was saying is a complete lie and it isn't required. The manager continued to watch over us as the agent and I went back and forth, but never ONCE said anything, never ONCE acknowledged what was happening. Instead she stood over us like some dictator and stared at me on her ridiculous power trip. I decided to acknowledge the manager by looking at her and plainly saying "hello"...her eyes flickered but there was no response aside from continuing to stare with a snarl on her face. I politely said that I'd look at other rental companies and come back to them if I found Payless was the right choice. Well, they weren't and I would NEVER give them my money after being treated that way. The young manager at Payless, with brunette hair and tan skin needs to have a reality check on 1. how to be a good manager and 2. give good customer service. It disgusts me that another person would treat others that way. SPEAK UP and MANAGE if you have that position. Good luck with your career honey, because with that attitude you won't be getting very far. Needless to say, I'd never rent from Payless again.PS I'm giving an extra star only because the agenda was friendly and she obviously changed her attitude because her terror of a boss was standing over her.Payless Car Rental - what can you expect? Not a whole lot. For the price, they get the job done. You can get a functioning rental car with decent customer service.  I've never had a problem with their service perse, but it's not particularly outstanding.* The line to checkin and pickup your car is always long. Once you're at the counter, it's not horrible, but there's always a line getting to the counter.

The pepper was bland, the cheese was a little scarce but at least melted and warm. You can tell the batter was at one point fluffy and light but in a short time ended up a soggy mess. Covered in green sauce.cheese enchilada:

The hotel's website definitely oversells this place and I would never wish to stay here again. but that is the risk of using hotwire :(We stayed for 4 nights, and weren't impressed.To be fair, we stayed there the same weekend as a group of about 70 teenagers on some sponsored spring break weekend, and though their behavior was, of course, not the fault of the hotel, a hotel that welcomes a group like that is not a hotel at which I want to stay.Pros:

Butter for my bread my bread, forgotBasic utensils for my oysters and lobster, forgot

2. How many workers will come to the houseAnd, do not pay them until ALL the work agreed to is completed.Just a clarification...they never came back to spray the yard with weed spray. My earlier review may have implied that they came back at another time to take care of that.They did not. No follow up from the earlier review by the owner.In comparison to the last time I was here. This place sucked the big one ! Especially with the service. The servers seem disengaged from their work. We constantly had to keep flagging them down to get our order and refill our drinks. Then they got our order wrong. What a complete let down!!!!! I am not sure if I want to go back to this place again.Since I origionally wrote this review, Susan has sold the Nail Salon. Amanda has left. I continued going to Posh for a few months after Susan "took vacation." The new owners didn't want to say that Susan left cause they didn't want to have long time customers who were loyal to her leave. They are nice, but they push higher priced services and aren't quite as good as the entire team. I don't like being lied to, so I stopped going here.Read the wonderful reviews and thought I'd check this place out. I'm sure they do an amazing job and maybe I came in at the wrong time but I'm very sensitive to smell. I wasn't in there for longer than 5 minutes and just had to get out. It had that acetone or which ever chemical they use to give that "nail salon" smell. It was extremely strong. Like I said, I'm sure they do a good job but I couldn't stay long enough to find out.Holy up-sale city! The store is clean, the staff is friendly and accommodating, but man, let me be. I don't get who decides that customers would like being hounded about this that and the other thing, but I just came in for my phone. It just makes me feel like they looked at me and thought "This guy's a sucker". Not a fan.Oh come on now!  I am shocked by all the good reviews.  The restaurant isn't too hard on the eyes, but really that's all it has going for it.  I know some people are excited because you can bring your own wine, but so what?  This most certainly isn't the only place that offers this, yes even in Toronto never mind Montreal where this concept has been familiar for ages.The food was pretty crappy.  My partner's peppercorn tuna had no peppercorns.  Worse yet, a good part of it was inedible, full of gristle.  I had a taste and wished I could turn back time and decline the offer.  YUCK!  The swordfish I had was better, but had almost no flavour.  In contrast, the veggies had too much nasty flavour.  I'm betting it was MSG or some other additive.  Though I didn't have a full out allergic reaction, my stomach was queasy after; ergo, I deffo conclude "flavour enhancer".  Yes the portions were large, but bigger sure as hell doesn't mean better in this case.I have never understood the hype around this place.  The food is average at best.  I've had cream-based pesto here which is just nasty and not authentic at all.  Even the basic tomato sauce is pretty bad.  I find it very acidic and overall lacking in flavour.We had to eat and escape the tropical heat, and L'academie was dead in front of us. I loved the ambiance, chic lime-green downstairs, gray/raspberry combo upstairs.. They have a bunch of great deals for lunch: 13$ mussels with fries and salad, or the swift 10$ lunch special (soup + seashell/calamari and 2 other combos). There is a wide choice of mussels even at such low price, and you get a good liter of 'em. Delicious. Don't go for the seashell though, it's out of the IGA frozen aisle. Nothing to write home about, but for 10$, I'm picking hairs.

My third friend wanted a deep tissue massage and when I booked the appt, I was told it would cost an extra $15 with our groupon. When we were checking out, we were told it was $30 extra. After I insisted that i was told a different price, she made a phone call and then said it was fine.We are all locals and had said before that this could be our spa spot. However, after our experience today, we all decided its time to find another spot.I used a Groupon to book a 50 min massage ($59 usually $125). I'm a local but had never been to this spa. Overall, the facilities appeared nice. It's smaller, has a lot of areas with natural light, and clean. However, I think the wet sauna had a funk going on. Not super noticeable the first few minutes but when the steam goes on, I started to really notice an unusual smell. Best way to describe it, maybe similar to stinky feet? So, left there and tried hot tub and dry sauna. Both good. Wanted to take a quick shower before my treatment and, the water temperature kept changing to extreme cold and hot. Guessing this was from use of toilet or sinks in the spa by other guests. Regardless of why this was occurring, it made the experience very irritating.Went to quiet room where the therapist picks you up. There were no clocks but based on the TV programming I was picked up at probably 1:03 for a 1 pm massage (no big deal assuming all is made "right") . The therapist took me up one level which is probably 20 steps in a darker staircase which is part of the spa. Once to the treatment room, she mentioned a upsell of scented oils and to try them out before laying on table. So, let's say it is about 1:10 (give or take a minute or two) as we start. Massage was fine, felt good not bad, but nothing memorable. When completed, I knew it wasn't the full 50 minutes of massage but, with no clocks in the room, I didn't know yet how much I was shorted (my pet peeve when getting a spa service). We walked down the steps, said good bye and I walked back to the lockers where I knew of the only clock in the spa. It was 1:52, so clearly shorted by at least 10 minutes probably closer to 15. I usually shower again after my treatments and bring all my stuff from home, but because of the shower temperature problem, I just packed all my stuff and left. Gratuity is automatically charged based on 20% of the service's regular price or $25.I use the hotel spas often but, will not return to this spa in the future. My suggestion is to bring your cell phone or watch so you can monitor the time and have the discussion before robing back up and leaving the treatment room.I was genuinely surprised by the quality of this Vegas Strip Spa.  You definitely pay the Strip prices here, but its so not worth it here.  I had a massage and a facial that were ok, but nothing to write home about.  The waiting area was crammed, not enough seats for everybody in there.  The tea offered in aforementioned room is very nice, but there was no one around to offer alternatives.  I eventually flagged someone down for some cucumber water. Ambiance was the most disappointing aspect.  It was actually loud at some points in the hallway and lounge.  Also, the staff, who is obviously used to the tourist crowd, didn't bother asking what my concerns were for my face during my facial or areas of stress or soreness during my massage.  Kind of basic regimine, don't you think?Other reviewers seemed excited by the hammam, which is a nice amenity.  Some seemed impressed with the fact you can stay there as long you want is but every other legit spa is like this too. Thanks for blasting the Jersey Shore reruns...it was very soothing.Sub par, Palms.I was surprised by the total lack of quality in this spa.  I expected much more from the Palms. I will start with the good experiences:

The room in itself was okay - the bed was comfortable, but the room felt a little small, and the bathroom had a dated look and had just enough room to move about.

chicken wings: just right

- The guacamole was mediocre at best - again seemed store bought.  My 11-year old daughter's guacamole blows this away!

My husband ordered the carne asada and it wasn't worth eating.If I return to Taps, it will only be for drinks and not for the food.Oh my! I thought long and hard about not doing a review for this place but it just rubbed us the wrong way. Let me start out on a positive note, the Hispanic waitress was real personable and on top of her game. She stepped in for our waitress who seem to disappear or always be on her cell phone.The owner should see these reviews and revamp their cell phone policy. The decor was very nice and the place felt warm and inviting, when I walked in I wanted to give this place a great review that is until we actually ate. We ordered two sandwiches but wanted some wings to come out first. after about 25 minutes our sandwiches were ready and I overheard our waitress telling the cook (who was eating in the kitchen visibly)  that we were supposed to have wings first. Then she came to our table with a story about how they hadn't been prepped and would be another 8-10 minutes before they would be done. I was hungry and now had food and was curious to try them so I agreed that it would be okay. The story seemed made up on the fly but that's besides the point. It was over 15 minutes before we received the wings (not 8-10) and they were not cooked right at all, very squishy and gross. I'm never looking for anything for free but these late items usually save your company customers when comped and that wasn't even a thought. My sandwich was good but was over packed with ingredients and even though I originally turned away silverware, when I needed it our waitress was texting at the bar. My wife's sandwich was packed full of mayo, and pre made, not very appetizing. By that time we just wanted to leave, especially with the cook staff wheeling the trash through the restaurant and stopping to flirt with the texting waitress leaving the overflowing trash feet from our table. Nothing about our experience made us want to come back again except our fill in waitress who helped out in the beginning.On another positive note the bar tender seemed friendly and professional.My husband and I used to go to this bar regularly.  The last two visits have been a major disappointment. The service was horrible. Additionally,  I tried to food and drink, but was told they were out of some of the food items that I requested. Wow! They need a Bar Rescue.We just moved into this area of town and had heard about Taps, so we decided to give it a try for lunch.  I was kind of disappointed.  The food was okay, nothing really special. The prices are a little high,  my salad was not worth the $10.50 price.  The staff was pleasant but slow. Would I go again? Maybe. How would I describe it to everyone? "It's okay."Believe the negative reviews. I came here after a round of golf, in order to have dinner and a few brews. The service wasn't terrible, it was non-existent. The waiter seemed to take an eternity to take our order. I ordered the Penne with Italian sausage, only to find out, they were out of sausage. The waiter suggested an alternative. I went ahead and ordered it. What I ended up with was penne with canned tomato sauce and what I swear was frozen meatballs. At $12...what a shame.As I'm done with my food and beer, I wasn't asked if I wanted anything else, my check was just dropped off. Service and food were bad, I will never return.Sometimes they have a decent craft beer selection. I wouldn't drink anything else there. Soo, I sitting at the bar enjoying an Oskar blues ipa and watched  the bartender pour a Coors light for a customer. In the middle of the pour, the tap blew and without hesitation he poured it out and put in budlight instead... gave it to the customer like nothing ever happened.I visited this establishment last night with my brother and his wife. I started the night off with a double jack on the rocks which I was charged 10 dollars for. I went back to the bar for the same drink. This time I got a different bartender who charged me 13 dollars. At the time I didn't say anything in case the first bartender hooked it up. Instead I waited for the server and asked him the price of a double jack. When he came back he told me it was 9.50. Basically watch the prices as there is one bartender who is obviously over charging and pocketing the rest. Aside from this discrepancy I did enjoy my time and like the bar. Because it's a nice place I want to rate it higher but this one bartenders practices is not acceptable.Extremely slow and disorganized service.  Frustrating.  Lukewarm coffee, difficult to get refills. Once food arrived, order was accurate and food was decent.  Overall, poor service left the impression.Friendly barber, average haircut, but too slow. Was there on a weekday morning with one in the chair and one ahead of me and I was there for over an hour and a half. I don't have the extra time on my hands to go to this barber.Unimpressive. I went here on a recent Sunday morning for brunch. The wait service was bad, bordering on insulting. My french toast was bland, which is surprising because it had vanilla and bananas on top. My husband's salmon omelet was almost inedible because it was so salty. With so many yummy brunch places in Madison don't waste your time, or money, here!I'll admit, I was a bit leery going in after hearing things from friends.  I met a friend there for breakfast on a weekday.  There was a sign at the front saying to wait to be seated.  So we did.  Over 10 minutes.  No one greeted us except the man carrying out water for the plants out front.  A woman came over eventually to seat the group that walked in a head of us.  Didn't seat us.  People started coming in and walking past us to seat themselves.  We finally caught the eye of someone who told us to go ahead and find a table.  Yeah...maybe they should change the sign then?  Anyway, we chose a table that was for four since we wanted to be by the window.  Evidently, this was the wrong choice.  When our waitress came over, she asked if we were waiting for two more and when we replied not, she sighed and asked us to hand her the extra settings since we wouldn't be using them.  Note for the restaurant, if you don't want us to take a four-top, then either seat us like your sign says or tell us to help ourselves to a table for two.  Oh, we had also grabbed menus from the front so we could start deciding (since their online breakfast menu doesn't work).  According to one guy, they were fine, according to our waitress, we needed different ones.  When I asked for a tea that was listed online, I was told that was out-of-date.  At this point, I'm just praying the food is outstanding to make up for all of this plus the prices which are basically the same for all meals.Our food did come out sooner rather than later (which I was also praying would happen since promptness had not been exhibited as yet).  I ordered the vegetarian eggs benedict.  Taste-wise it was great, although the eggs were not consistent.  One had a very runny yolk and the other a firm, just short of boiled-egg yolk.  I can handle both but I'd prefer it to be consistent.  Assembly-wise, I would have preferred it traditional open-face style rather than sandwich style.  It made it very difficult to eat.  I ended up just eating it ingredient by ingredient.  The salad was fine but a very odd side for breakfast.  Fruit would have been much better.Our table was cleared in pretty good time but, after asking for our check, it took at least 10 minutes.  In which time our waitress brought out water and such to other tables but never dropped off the check.  My friend was planning on getting something from the bakery for later so got up to pick it out and pay so as not to waste more time.  When we were finally brought the check, we were told there was no reason to go up front and we needed to settle the bill with the waitress.  Yeah...Overall, not impressed at all.  The decor (in front where we were) was fine.  But the wait time, and the unpleasantness of the staff, could have used improvement.  There are ways to make the same point without the attitude.  Saying, "oh I see you got something from the bakery, I hope you like it.  When you're ready to pay for the meal, I can do that right here" would have been much better.  Although, frankly after all the waiting, I was tempted to just go up and ask if we could just pay up there so we could get to work.  The feel of the place is no longer that of a bakery and my friend, who liked their baked goods and would often stop in at their old location, remarked that she wouldn't feel comfortable popping in here for treats even when it is on the way.This is definitely going on my not-recommended-but-wouldn't-refuse-if-a-friend-insisted place.  But I would try to talk them into someplace else.   And I would make sure I'm in a good mood for the needed patience.I was in La Brioche recently and the service seems to have gone downhill. The food was still good, however.Loved the atmosphere/decor, the service and the waitresses' aprons, but I can't say the same about the food.  Ordered the Eggs Benedict and the sum was not greater than the parts.  The dish desperately needed salting, the asparagus was uncooked and the "croissant" was dense and dry (not buttery or flaky).  Their french toast was nothing more than dry grilled challah bread topped with berries.  Bakery?  Good joke!I've been here a few times over the years, and my food today was rather mediocre. The whole experience today was actually pretty terrible.When we sat down, crackly classical music was playing loudly from a speaker directly above our table. Then I took a good look around and noticed how pretentious the place is. I secretly wanted to bolt for the door. Our waitress was nice, but not terribly useful. Our water glasses were not refilled and she was missing for a long period of time. When we wanted to ask for our check we could see no less than 7 employees just standing around but not our waitress.I am an east-sider through and through, so I'm not used to this sort of place in Madison. If I pay $11.50 for a burger, I expect it to be the best damn burger in town. The "True Food Burger" was very unspectacular. I get that they use organic ingredients and that is totally admirable, but $11.50 for this burger? Are you kidding me? The actually beef patty was pretty freaking small! Totally not worth the money. I kept thinking about how I'd rather be at Mickey's Tavern having one of their burgers. Also, it's not a good sign when the bun is the best part of your burger, La Brioche. The small side salad was kind of limp and had a rotten piece of something in it.My dining companion had some sort of open-faced veggie sandwich. It was absolutely smothered in cheese. He said that the vegetables weren't evenly cooked and it was salty and not very good. His soup was oily and bland.The only baked good I've had there was a cupcake, and I can't remember it being all that amazing. I won't be going back to La Brioche "True Food", because it's overpriced and simply not very good. Try 4 & 20 Bakery & Cafe,  Mickey's Tavern, Manna Cafe or somewhere else for far superior food for a more reasonable price. I mean, this place will sell you a "Two Organic Egg" breakfast for $8!! Two.Eggs.For.8.Dollars!!! No, thanks!Went there at 7:15am after a night shift at the hospital to get pastries and coffee. The place had one table with patrons. The host/server greeted me after about a minute and became increasingly rude and uninterested as I ordered my pastries and drinks. What a great way to start the morning. Not only did that happened but they didn't even have plain croissants available yet. Hosts and waitresses should leave their attitude at the door!  The pretentious atmosphere and people make me rate this place poorly.TL;DR - Vastly overrated. Don't go there.- Service is terrible. Be prepared to wait. Our waitress was nice, but both our drinks and our food, took a LONG time to get to our table.

Lastly, they forced us to tip. Like, they literally came up and asked for one. I do not really like to do so my first time ordering from somewhere, and the place is seriously just a mile away.Conclusively, the smoothies suck, the sandwiches are good, but don't order as delivery.This morning I hit a post while backing up. The damage was on my front right fender and bumper. I have used one body shop in the past and have always been pleased with the service. I decided to try Bell Collision because of the proximity to my current house. The "estimate" consisted of an employee walking out to the vehicle and saying the estimate is "two thousand, wait three thousand but it may be more when we get inside". I stated that in my past experiences I had been given a written estimate that gave me the cost of parts paint and service including whether or not they were factory or oem parts. He said he could write his visual estimate of three thousand down on paper.I decided to go to the former collision center I had used (Van Collision). Within 15 minutes I was given a professionally printed estimate for $1497 which included all Subaru parts. This also included the fade in paint to extend onto the passenger door.Not that great of a pizza. I just ordered a medium pepperoni and sausage pizza. The sausage didn't taste like Italian sausage, but instead some sort of summer sausage. That flavor threw the rest of the pizza off. Another big problem with this pizza is that there was hardly any sauce on it. The pepperoni was hardly noticeable for two reasons. First, the sausage overwhelmed the pizza. Second, the pepperoni was sliced really thin. The cheese was thick but nothing special. The crust was alright, and was very similar to Home Run Inn Pizza. Still, the flavor of this pizza just seemed totally off.Being a fan of Chicago style food I had to go to Joeys when it opened. I usually go to Lukes which is in Scottsdale and figured this had to be the same. Boy was I wrong. The hot dogs were very small and the chilli dog had cheese that was ice cold and not even melted on it. The hamburger and fries that my family ordered weren't anything to scream about either. I will continue going to Lukes and not Joeys.Went here on Wednesday for lunch. Was excited to try it due to favorable Yelp reviews and I love "Chicago Hotdogs." Sorry to say, I was disappointed. We arrived about 1:00 pm. There was a long line to order that moved very slow. We placed our order of 1 Chicago dog combo, 1 jumbo dog, 1 dipped beef with sweet peppers. We were given number 73. The other members of our party had number 72. We waited patiently while other numbers were called. When they got to number 72 we expected to be next. Not so. Number 75, 76, etc.... were called but not ours. Finally had to go to the counter and ask where our order was. It ended up they lost the order!! They did make our order immediately. The food was average at best. The beef was nothing special very average. My hot dog was cold. There is no way they could have had that hot dog in the water for more than 30 seconds. Fries had no flavor. I would not return to Joey's and I do believe in giving most restaurants at least three tries in all fairness. Things like losing our order sometimes do happen so I will cut them some slack with that but the food just wasn't that good.Wow I can't believe how many people think this place is awesome!  I love Vienna hot dogs but that is the only reason this place gets 2 stars is cause they use Vienna beef. The hot dog is never really hot, it seems like it's always sitting in warm water waiting to be ordered. The fries aren't fresh so that gives them no points. They use the crinkle fries. I haven't had anything else there so I can only give you my opinion on the hot dogs. The only thing this has over Luke's is that it's cheaper.Joeys Joeys Joeys.... I brought the fam here to enjoy a nice burger and well I was disappointed. My 2/3lb burger was not the fat thick burger as I once had. It is now 2x 1/3rd patties. Not even close. NO flavor at all. (As an owner pointed out They have always used 2x 1/3rd patties... maybe I was looking for the 1/2lb?) Either way it was a hand parttied and one thick patty not thin ones. The onion rings were boring, the frys were boring, the chicken nuggets were boring, the fish was good and tarter sauce was great. Too much boring and too much money. I think Joeys out grew themselves.Very overpriced, beef is too well done, and you have to pay extra for any toppings you want. They are trying with the liquid cheese and the dipped sandwiches but they just fall way short, waaaaay short.Service was poor and so was the food.  Hot dogs are pretty simple - it's just animal byproduct in a tube shape.  Yet these people over charge and under deliver.  It is a family run business and it seems as if they are cutting every corner to make ends meet.  In the end they are being penny wise and pound foolish.Oh!  And when we voiced our unhappiness to the owner she informed us that she has never heard a bad thing about her restaurant and it must just be us.  Really?  Does she not look at Yelp?  I've seen more than one poor comment on here.Wasn't a big fan. I didn't try the Italian Beef everyone is so crazy because I wasn't craving beef. All their other food just taste frozen.Ordered several items the hamburger was over cooked almost burnt. The turkey sub was just ok. The beef dip the Augu sauce needs more flavor very watery.No cover and outdoor misters. Decent crowd, overpriced drinks, teeny dance floor, good selection of d'bags to giggle at. It's A.) a club, B.) in a chain hotel, C.) in Scottsdale, fer chrissakes. What more could you ask for? My only hangup was how dark they keep it in there. People in Scottsdale are generally good looking, so a little more lighting in there isn't going to hurt business one bit.Overall... this place doesn't feature anything that really stands out.$4 bucks for a cup of coffee that i can finish in three sips, really?Not impressed, Had spicy beef noodle and it was as flavorful as a can of beef noodle soup (generic)  and as spicy. The spring rolls were rubbery , just was disappointed but it was clean, nice place service was ok but somewhat complicated due to language but thats easily overlooked. My friend had the kobe beef as suggested by waitress and again nothing special.I really dislike writing less-than-favorable reviews.Each year I have my yard weeded, anti-weed sprayed & plants trimmed.I called J & J because they left a flyer on my door and I thought that I had hired them at my property before. The secretary was delightful on the phone. Jose (the owner) arrived (on time) to give me an estimate of the job. He asked me if I would pay cash, I said yes, and he gave me a reasonable estimate.We scheduled the time for the job about 10 days later.Jose (another Jose), showed up at my house...JUST Jose showed up. No team of workers; JUST Jose. Jose worked his butt off in my yard, but he should have had at least one other person helping him! I do not have an issue with how hard (this) Jose worked, he did a good job.My complaint is two-fold:

#tacos skewered together holding on for dear life, tortillas cakey processed blech

Next door bouncer informed me that they are closed.The food is below average and takes so long to finish, an OK location. Sometimes they don't do separate checks.Seasoned well, but dry.  Take a kabob, go to Pita Jungle and drown it in tahini and taziki.  Now that's good inter-restaurant ideating.All the positive reviews are from the owner. Overpriced. My meal came with half of a raw onion. Seriously what I am going to do with a raw onion? I had a kabob dish which was mediocre but definitely not worth the price. Made my stomach turn 30 mins. after eating it. The place is a ghost town, I should have taken a hint. MedFresh off Mill is way better.Average overpriced food, relatively slow service...  located next to pita jungle I give the owners credit for being there that long watching pita junle getting busier while tasty kabob is completely empty. Nerves of steel for sure lol  plenty of better options out there for med food just look on yelp....

Burger was great; shake was fantastic - White Chocolate Mocha - the lack of fries (asked twice) and the snicker about how I said tomato didn't make me feel like the old NYC haunt. Ugh... Another fumble by the GiantsI wanted to see what all the hype was about so we decided to check it out. Wow ! I was very unimpressed burgers and fries were nothing special at all! Shake was ok save your money and go to Culivers or in and out burger !!! review helps others learn about great local businesses.Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees.This is such an over priced establishment it's insane how this is a chain.In terms of price no way is it in the right ballpark, the burgers were super small and buying everything separate really sucks because you end up spending way more than with a combo.

We then have a $17 per day resort fee

3) meat? all ready and chopped up.what the hell is taking so long?? throw it all in a bowl, pour the broth and serve while it's still hot! no need to make us wait 20+ minutes. i'm still slightly drunk and hung over. i want my damn bowl of pho! what the hell are you guys doing back there, gambling!? well... viet people do love to gamble, and it is vegas...Meh. Went here today with a friend to get rid of a pho craving that ive been having for a week. Interior: The dining area was dirty, and a bee was flying around our table so we switched spots. The saucers had crusty sauces on then and the tables were sticky. Tables were sticky. Food: i got the #10 combo pho. It was decent. The broth wasnt as tasty as id like, and the temperature wasnt as hot either. Id rate the pho 7/10. Ill give them credit for being the fastest pho preparers though. My pho came out in 1 min. Even faster then the side plate with mint, bean sprouts etc. Service: it was very fast and prompt. Server came out with water as soon as were seated. He was pretty friendly as well.Overall it was decent. I wont be back however. Ill stick to Pho Saigon 8 and Pho Kim Long (if i absolutely need pho past 11pm).came here since the crawfish place across the street was not gonna have the crawfish ready for another hour. decided to try the bun rieu and spring rolls and a cafe sua da.the spring roll sauce was watery which ruins the whole thing cause spring rolls rely on the sauce to make them taste good. the bun rieu was not that great, more like a light tomato soup. prob gonna have to go back to give the pho a try. service was nice. coffee was cool.This place is dirty, the floor is sticky, and I'm not a fan of leaving a restaurant and having the smell of the place penetrate through my clothes, hair and skin.  Yuck. But I will be honest, I'm not a fan of "hole in the wall" places, like my brother-in-law who says the dirtier the place, the better the food.  So the food may be decent or even good as other reviewers have written, but I just can't get past the interior.Stepping into this restaurant gives you the perception the food is going to taste good because of the aromatics of this place. But like an Abercrombie store, this smell can be deceiving. The pho is satisfactory. The broth came out hot, but nothing special. Noodles were flavorless as well. I was sad to see the bnh hi dish butchered. The rice vermicelli was woven just fine, but the choice of meat was just bad. It was like meats off a skewer you find at an American restaurant. The proper way to sautee the meats with some onions and sauce. The meat just was lacking any real flavor. So much failure for such a traditional dish.Like most Asian restaurants, what is service? You sit down, order, eat, ask for check, pay, and leave.While the Pho here is satisfactory, the issue with the bnh hi is disappointing. With so many other comparable Vietnamese places, might as well go to one of those other places instead.This morning wanted something different for breakfast. Decided on vietnamese food .                        Ordered the spring rolls and the BBQ pork meat balls for apps. Spring rolls they were alright nothing special. Pork meatballs very tasty just two skewers and a garden load of veges and herbs. It was like I ordered a BBQ meatball salad. They serve it with rice paper wraps on the side that r hard( WTF ) maybe I missed something ? Give me some water so I can soften it up myself,  I also ordered the BBQ pork bowl or I thought I did. I got the same set up as the BBQ meatball , shit load of lettuce and herbs and some BBQ pork and what looked and tasted like 2 slider patties? The meats are very tasty but the meat portions r small. They serve alot of lettuce and herbs, I mean alot of it             The food taste good, it's jus that the meat to lettuce ratio has to change , if I were rabbit I would b happy. Next time maybe try the pho at least I don't think it comes w lettuce,  Yeah I luv meat !!Over priced, nothing special. Seattle pho is where it's at.Terrible bun nem nuong.  Pho is whatever. Fried rice sucks.  This place isn't good what it used to be.  They can't even make sua dau nanh hot!Whenever I am in Vegas and have a craving for some good Vietnamese egg-rolls I would come here.  This time around was a huge disappointment.  Seems like they took the old egg-rolls and refried it.  When it came out it was soaking in oil. I could see the oil dripping.  I asked them to take it back and surprisingly they took it back  and brought out fresh ones.  Unfortunately they were still greasy but not as bad as the first ones. I won't be coming back.My cousins went here a couple weekends prior and said this place sucked. I shoulda figured it'd just gone downhill in the last year. Or maybe I shoulda checked my previous review first. My dumb ass ordered the bun bo hue. Shoulda gone with the fried pho. Maybe that's still good..i'm sooooo used to pho saigon 8 and pho kim long, that this place doesn't cut it for me. after our tuesday night gathering a bunch of us like to eat dinner together, so about 10-15 group, we get seated really quickly after 10pm. between my boyfriend and i we tried whatever # pho that's well done meat and pork vermicelli. the broth for the pho tasted really rich in MSG and not fresh. as for the pork vermicelli, the noodles were sticky and tasted a day old. i'm not sure why but both dishes tasted not fresh. as many times we have come here with our big group of friends/family i haven't been impressed chance after chance.. i give two stars for the speedy service and quick seating. =/I hate to give such a poor review but the two stars is how I felt; as Yelp puts it "Meh, I've experienced better". I go to Vegas twice a year for business and have been going to PHO 87 and really enjoying it, but decided to try something new. With all the reviews I was expecting more. (Almost 4 stars). The pho definitely passed my initial "eye" test with rare beef still a little pink and good amount of vegetables and herbs. The rare beef was tender and had good flavor. And the free tea they served with the meal was good, but that was the end of the good for me. This was the first time I had pho where the broth was so cloudy and not clear. The broth lacked any depth or complexity when it came to flavor; it was just beef water as far as I was concerned. And the beef balls were very basic with not much flavor either. I will probably go back to PHO 87 next time or try another place but I won't be going back to Pho So 1.This place used to be decent, but has gone down in the years.  The pho here was below average compared to other pho restaurant.  I asked for a spoon since there were none left on my table and never got one.  Needless to say service is poor.  Used to a go to place for me, but I have found other places that have opened up around the area.Parking is easy, big lot.Doesn't even taste like pho, nor smell like it.I had asked for extra veggies in my vermicelli, and it looked like they put in less than most places normally would if i had not asked for extra. This plate was ok.My seat had a bunch of rips in it, and when you sit on ripped leather it kinda hurts if you wear a dress/shorts.If you're originally from Vegas, you might like it but if you come from a city where a large Vietnamese resides. This pho isn't good. Too much sodium in the soup. Really nothing about this place besides it being open late.Their quality of food has gone done as I came here throughout the years for pho in Vegas. At my last recent visit, the broth was bland and the pho noodles were stuck together in clumps. The soup for it was plain and tasteless too. The bun bo hue's noodles were too hard and weren't boiled long enough and the customer service has gone down. The servers seem more clueless and lost. They often forget to refill our water when we asked and not remember to bring us whatever we asked. Not coming back.I'm so sad that I can't give this place a higher rating, especially when their iced coffee and egg rolls were so delicious. First off let me say that my friend who has visited this place numerous times said this was the first time the services was poor. We went for lunch hoping to have some yummy pho. Sadly it was not meant to be. We started off with an order of spring rolls, egg rolls and the iced coffee. My one friend who ordered the spring rolls found two pieces of hair literally in the roll (she notified our server asking for a replacement of the egg rolls instead). My other friend and I enjoyed our egg rolls as they came out quickly and were yummy. Unfortunately there was some confusion (I don't know how as my friend speaks Vietnamese so we thought we could avoid any language barrier etc) as they brought out another order of the spring rolls rather than the egg rolls my friend had requested. She notified the server who made the correction. Meanwhile she had also gotten her egg noodles she ordered while my other friend and I were still waiting on our pho orders. We noticed that two additional tables near us received their order despite being seated after us (and it seemed their orders were even wrong but yet they received a replacement in a timely manner; we still had yet to receive ours). We notified one of the servers that we had been waiting for awhile for our pho orders. He seemed to understand and it appeared went to check on the order(but again who knows even with my friend speaking in Vietnamese we never got our pho). I don't know if this was just an overall bad day on their part with service/kitchen communication as like I mentioned a few other tables seemed to have gotten the wrong order (but heck they at least still got their pho). We started to get a little frustrated that we still hadn't received our pho for I'd say 30-45min after initially ordering and then even notifying them of still not receiving anything. Finally we had enough decided to just cancel the pho orders and pay and leave. We were offered a simple I'm sorry and given our bill (they didn't charge for my friend's spring roll order so we ended up paying for 2 egg roll orders, 2 iced coffees and an order of egg noodles). I would've expected a little more sincerity or for them to comp on something since not only did my friend's order have human hair in it but they completely forgot to bring out half of our order. I am very mixed on returning as the food and coffee we did have was good but the service was horrible that day.its okay...not good not bad...I order a number 11, rare steak pho....the bowl is very small and the meat quality is below average. I will not be coming back. I paid 7.51 for a bowl of rare steak pho that was very small.The restaurant is not very clean. Alot of fobs eat here. No-then wrong with that.  But being clean is a question mark here.I went  here late morning when the restaurant was practically empty in a group of 6. They took our orders and 4 dishes came out a short time later. When we asked when the other 2 dishes (mine included) were going to come out, they looked at us for a second and then said "oh, it'll be just a minute." Clearly they had completely forgotten about them and had to rush back and make them. However, even with a very simple dish of Pho, it took some time for it to actually come out. Definitely not impressed.I used to eat pho so 1 with my family when we're in Vegas. Their pho is NOT good at all!!! We stopped going there for years, then we found other pho place like Kim Long or pho Saigon 8 which right down the street. Pho Kim Long and Saigon 8 actually does not have as much MSG like Pho So 1, pho so 1 just makes you sick after sipping their soup. We went back to pho so 1 this passed Saturday to try again with my friends, I must say it was a HUGE MISTAKE, thought it was a bad batch last time, but guess what, its all bad. The services was horrible and the food was NOT good!  Save yourself the trouble and go to pho Kim Long or Saigon 8 to enjoy a nice bowl of pho.I'm not a typical vietnamese girl, I really don't like to eat vietnamese food.  But when I'm with my family that's all they crave for.  The place wasn't that clean and the table was so sticky that I had to clean it again myself. Everything I ordered on the menu was either not made for that day or sold out. So I end up ordering the fried egg noodles with seafood & vegtables on top.  The noodles was under cooked and so it wasn't crispy and the sauce was very bland.  The chicken salad wasn't even that great either and the spring rolls paper were pretty hard on the spring rolls.Am I missing something? I almost feel like the odd ball for not loving this place. Came here on a Sunday sometime around 11AM - 12PM and it was PACKED. It's been at least a good 5 months since I've had pho, last time being in Houston. So I got to share my first Vegas pho experience with Pho So 1. Seeing the crowd, I was sure I was at the right place. Well... not so much. We got sat within 15 minutes and you can immediately tell the waitress threw restaurant hospitality out the window and just wanted to quickly get our orders and out of here to turn the table over (...that's the expression right? sounds weird right now..). Anyway my parents ordered regular pho with everything you can think of in it and I ordered Bun Bo Hue. Both broths were extremely watered down with no flavor that could satisfy ANYONE's taste buds. Bun Bo Hue is typically supposed to be a tad bit reddish with the chili oil but mine looked murky brown. So sad because I was really craving some good Bun Bo Hue :'[Hm, I'll have to give this place a second chance and go with something my fellow Yelpers ordered. In the meantime, anyone have any other good pho restaurant suggestions?I came here at 1:30 am because my goto spot was closed. Place was just ok. The spring rolls we're standard. The peanut sauce they we're served with was runny and when I tasted it tastedlike rotten eggs. I don't use much of it anyways, so it I didn't make a big deal of it. Whatever it was, it had gone bad.The Pho was just ok. Not the best, not the worst.I probably won't be back.Inconsistent. I eat here quite often but I have to admit their food are very inconsistent. Whenever I go here, I just have to hope I get a good chef today. Soemtimes your pho will be pack with flavor and meat, but on some days, it will be lacking. Their egg rolls are amazing though and their grilled pork is delicious. I also love to get the spicy chicken with rice but its VERY inconsistent too.This is a pretty standard pho spot,  with comfortable booths,  and less comfortable tables with chairs.  The staff can be kind of unattentive at times if you dont keep their attention.  There are no booths able to accommodate groupa larger than 4, and more than 4 needs to sit at the tables in pretty close proximity to other guests.  Overall a pretty good value.  My favorite is the triple meat beef tripe and the spring rolls. Cheers! -MikeBPho so 1 use to be my favorite place for vietnamese food, I remember coming here every week for years and years. I have to admit the food here still taste great but the service is aweful. They have a sign that says" please wait to be seated" so i would stand next to the sign for like 10 freaken mins while everyone and there mom would just cut me lolz DU MA! Anywayse once you are seated, it takes another 10 mins for them to come get your order lolz.  I understand that sometimes its BUSY, but not freaken every time haha. Anywayse the food here is still great but it's not worth the wait .Dont eat here its nasty and they recycle their food.. The only good thing about this restaurant is its damn cheap hhahaha if you are cheap and want cheap quality of food then you eat here you cheap ass hahahahService was all right, the food was pretty good, but the bathrooms didn't look clean at all. I usually check the bathroom to determine the cleanliness of a place and the bathroom was disgusting. The smell of the last occupant lingered for a good 5 minutes and I still felt dirty even after I washed my hands.Anyway, the food was pretty good. I'm not really a Pho connoisseur so I got the basic pho with beef balls. The server we had was all right. He didn't ask if I wanted a refill on my drink which bothered me because he refilled everyone else's but mine.Last year we ate here.  It was quite good that we came back this year.  Total bust this time.  The thit nng and sn nng tasted like rubber. Ch ba mu had burned beans.  Others in my party were disappointed with their food too.Service is superfast, however the servers look like they don't wanna be there :)now to the quality of the pho, I've had #21 which is vegeterian pho , it was super LOUSYI ate here several times and this is the worst I've had however once it was delicious so it can be hit or miss . With so many pho places in town i'll steer away from this place for a while ...Another Pho place and of course shitty customer service. If there was a book on shitty customer service they would take the cover. I can't stress how bad the customer service is here. It's really bad, really really bad.

So I'm choosing not to come back on the mere fact that my pocketbook feels bitterness.  Such a bummer. :/And then when I found a new vet, I called to request my records be sent to over. Nothing.  And then my new vet called three times to get my pets records sent over. Not only were the staff unpleasant but just eh, I'm not impressed.  I shelled out a lot of money with them and was a very loyal patron.  I just expected more.  Very sad and I hate to be "one of those d*cks" yelping about it. :(Not very impressed with this thrift store. They seemed to be overpriced and they split things up and sold by pieces. Like come on really. I was looking at a headboard and footboard and instead of total 30 for all they wanted 30 for the head and 30 for the foot. Just didn't seem worth it to me. I will spend 20 more bucks and get it new. I will definitely go back to salvation army on boulder hwy and forget this one all together!I have to give Deseret Industries credit for presenting a thrift store in a bright, clean, department store fashion. Kudos to them for knowing how important merchandising is! The store is exceptionally well organized, well lit, wide isles with an abundance of sales personnel who are dressed up in a tie and vest (!) All this in a thrift store! amazing.But I am not overly impressed with the pricing here as it is a hit or miss. For some reason thrift stores tend to price Ralph Lauren at top dollar and this place is no exception. True it is an expensive brand, but Marshall's and TJ Maxx sell RL polos for $20, so I'm not gonna pay $20 for a used one. They sell better merchandise in a locked glass case and of course the price tags are hidden so you have to call over an employee just to get a price (annoying). Anything that is higher quality (which is often in the eye of the beholder) is priced accordingly. I once asked a clerk if he can open the case and he said he didn't have a key. He then rudely told me to "find someone else" to open it then walked away. What a jerk!Out back is a covered patio with furniture and other larger items. Sometimes it is chock full of stuff, other times it is totally bare. You just never know. I did find a nice painters easel which I love. It was only $6 but it was all dirty. I spray painted it black and it looks brand new. For clothing I found a pair or men's Jhane Barnes dress slacks for $6. These are $150 a pair at least, so this was a deal. Otherwise the clothing selection is kinda ho-hum.If you look hard enough you will find something, but over all I am not impressed with this store. If I am on that side of town I will stop in, but I will not make a special trip to visit.Ordered bacon cheeseburger pizza for delivery . Took 45 minutes which was fine, the pizza however was very underwhelming. Unripe tomatoes, barely any bacon. Sauce was just ok, and that's probably giving it too much credit. Overall the pizza was just bland and not very good. It's sad when little Cesar's is betterI'm giving 2 stars because management is horrible. The food is decent but nothing to rave about. I live near by and the convenience and prices are factors for why I continue to come. However, the level of service seems to just be getting worse. The business hours state they are open till 9, however I have been told they are closed and refused service (despite lights on, doors open) before 8:30. I've been given the impression the last 2 times I've ordered there that I was inconveniencing them. They are just not friendly and lack acceptible customer service. In the future I will choose to take my business elsewhere.I have never been to a planned parenthood before, this experience was not the best. Although the girls at the front desk were really sweet and Dr. Koby was a doll I am very disappointed. The nurse said that they needed to collect a urine sample, she did not tell me it was for a pregnancy test. I knew 100% for a fact that I did not need a pregnancy test. They charged me for it. Had I of known they were doing a pregnancy test I would have said no.  When I gave the girl at the front desk my paperwork she quoted me a price of 80-100. After everything was done they told me it would be 176.00!!!!! I have insurance,  they knew that, they never even asked for the insurance cards. I only had 122.00 they were at least willing to work with me and give me a break on the price. All in all I would not recommend this place.I have been coming to this place on and off for years. Thomas is a decent nail tech and knows how I like my nails done. I've had quite a few pedicures here as well. Tyson and Shirley are the best in that area. Today I had a Mani/pedi scheduled for my daughter and I.  It was obvious they were overbooked. I had my pedi done by a gentleman  whom I know is somehow related to the owners. Worst Pedicure ever, he was clearly inexperienced, he stopped mid way through mine to start someone else.  I'm still waiting for the massage and Polish portion an hour and twenty minutes into my appointment.  I have a feeling this gentleman is not licensed. I will do some research and update.I'm really sad to give this place such a low review. It seems like such a cool place and they have awesome happy hour deals for lap dances and drinks. And the unlimited beer mug. I really like the locale's strip club venue, then the big fancy schmancy ones near the strip. But I'm going to have to rate it low, because they don't let women in unless they are escorted by men. Friend and I went December of 08' and we were turned down. In no way do we look like hookers, and we were dressed properly. It was an off hour and their parking lot looked empty. We went out of our way from the strip because I had heard so many good things about this place and it sounded like it fit what I enjoy. We did go to Play it Again Sam's and got special permission from owner to be allowed inside that strip club. In fact we ended up just sitting at a table there for 5 hours, while a stripper sat with us and talked about how she was from Seattle and then one of the bouncers joined us too. Deja Vu we felt totally welcomed without a single bat of the eye that 2 women actually enjoy going to strip clubs.My friend and I both drink, tip girls dancing regularly, in no way obnoxious. I would think that our money is as good as any man... I'm just majorly disappointed that I wasn't able to get in. It isn't exactly convenient to the strip.My husband and I decided to go to Church's and Popeye's and bring both home and have a taste test. Both had pretty good food, and I really like that I could get fried okra at Church's, but I still have to only give it two stars based on the experience. Church's was dirty, the building looked ancient, and it seemed like nothing was upgraded since it opened. There were flies, the door was messed up, and although I didn't notice my husband pointed out that the air conditioning was flawed. That was not the worst problem though. Now before anyone calls me a racist, I have no problem with people who can claim that English is their second language. I do have a problem with someone who can barely speak English, and the English they do speak is impossible to understand. She seemed like a perfectly nice person, but she should be working as a food preparer instead of taking orders. I feel the lack of customer service and the ambiance really took away from the experience, and it was not surprising that while Popeye's was doing a rather large lunch business, Church's was empty except for one other customer.5 out of 5 times spicy chicken was ordered, and all 5 times they were "out" of spicy chicken.  Obviously their food is good that is the ONLY reason I go back. It is obvious their concern for customer service is not there, no sense of apology for the inconvenience or anything.  I hope their upper management can help with their issue. I recently discovered popeyes chicken and wow 10 times better.This place is not very efficient. It is outdated in style ,furniture and a not very clean waiting room. The staff moved people along like cattle. Not the friendliest.As a diagnostician, he is very capable. Unfortunately as a person, he's rather unlikeable, borderline rude, and appears unconcerned with what the patient has to say.Overall: meh.I show up 15 minutes late and the clerk refuses for me to sign in. Really?!?! You can let me sit and wait for Hoya, but I must not be late. Poor customer service! When you check out it takes forever and there is nowhere to sit! Really...I have stitches in my foot but have nowhere to sit! Usually the clerk complains to every patient she was supposed to leave at 4:30, while blankly staring at her screen and not helping people. The surgical side is really nice, but different staff. I wish they sent out their customer satisfaction survey for the other office visits!I had injured my knee. I was seen at an extremely nice urgent care and was sent to Dr. Baldauf. I called and reached a polite lady who helped me schedule an appointment. I arrived 20 mins early to the office. My appointment time was 3pm. I was roomed at 320. I was seen an hour later. Dr. Baldauf was extremely rude. Basically insulted the PA that saw me at urgent care and made disparaging remarks about urgent cares. I asked him if he would like to see my knee? He pushed and poked a couple places (through my sweat pants) and said I have tendonitis. I needed to quit limping. (I don't limp usually) Gave me some stretches to do, and a daily anti inflammatory. I ALREADY take a daily dose and it helps the problem it was prescribed for but nothing for the knee I can't bend without pain!  I go to leave and was charged $251!!! And that's only 75% of the visit. Really??? For what? I'm putting in a complaint to my insurance company and the medical board! NEVER again will I go to that useless piece of work that took an oath to help people. I DO NOT reccomend this group.Rude front office staff if u want to see a doctor u have to tolerate the rudeness .  If u are 10 min late they reschedule u however if you are early u wait 45 plus minutes to be seen lots of sale reps in and outWhat a difference one person can make the lovely patient service check in person with a great attitude and smile. ..she was patient with my husbsnd while obtaining his info and very professional...i have to slightly change my stance i will do a final review after seeing the dr..well li and behold appt cancelled dr not there yep they tried to call us but they had the wrong number no appt no dr waste of time ugh!!!! The medical asst needs a refresher in customer service skillsTheir so called over night staff is Never there. you are paying extra for someone to be caring for your sick pets or boarding pets during the night? HA what a joke. The kennels are always dirty as well  over priced care.My personal experience and ongoing situation with this vet is too long for a review on yelp (I already typed it, took a step back and said oh no, too long).To make a long review a little less long..,We took my dog in for dental work due to some mouth pain he seemed to be experiencing and lack of appetite. It was recommended by the vet to do the dental cleaning. My  7:30am appt turned into an overnight visit as the other Dr was sure it was something else, bloodwork and x rays were taken and the teeth cleaning not done (we both thought it best to not do it if there was a more serious, different issue). His health ailments became cancer, kidney failure, and para hyperthyroid disease, with a new ailment arising once yet another test cleared him of the previous one. So now we're back to cancer. But wait, we still don't know what kind or where and we can pay $1200 for an MRI that May give us a better idea of it. THAT is not what set me off to write this review. I understand illnesses are tricky and it's not a simple negative/positive situation. What set me off is that we're 2 weeks into this and the vet is surprised that the Prednisone he gave him hadn't returned him to normal. My dog is still not eating and is yelping a lot when touched on a certain side of his mouth. And now it turns out they didn't even take X rays of that area to begin with. That was the reason for our initial appointment....mouth pain!! How can you completely ignore the area that was the main concern on the initial visit? We're too far in to head to another vet now so we'll have to weather this storm and then steer clear of this vet.2 other things that don't seen right to me about this vet:1. They don't call you when test results come in. They tell you a certain time to call them after and then you do and they say they'll call you back in a few minutes when they go look at the results.2. They don't discuss pricing with you. Any other vet I've been to always gives a price breakdown of estimated costs and if there's anything else that needs to be done, they call you and discuss it with you then. I brought this up to them and the response I got was 'well we waived the overnight fee and the waste disposal fee'.I called to check the prices for my puppies first shots. well the person I spoke with over the phone said the first set of shots would be $20. the second set would be $25. Well with that information I rushed over and needless to say they did not advertise the prices so when I went to pay low and behold I paid double $41.00!!!!  This was not what I was expecting, I could have gotten upset and crazy, but I paid it and left. I will be filing a BBB complaint on this office. This was false information just to get me in the office. I was not prepared to pay this amount. You do not have to lie to get clients in. I would have prepared to come in another day if this was presented to me in the beginning.I have tried very hard to like this place, but time and again they fall short. Today was absolutely the last time I will come here, and below is why.1. The staff has NO respect for my time. I have never been late for an appointment, but I have yet to have the folks at this facility keep any appointments on time. My time is valuable to me, and I expect any of my service providers to respect that. My most recent experience was a 5:40 appointment to get a shot for my dog. I arrived at 5:30 pm, was finally shown into an exam room at 6:20 pm, and my dog finally got her shot at 6:30 pm. This is, in my humble opinion, inexcusable. 2. Not only do I have to wait when I arrive, but I usually have to wait another 10 min to pay my bill. Apparently, my schedule must also be impacted by their inadequate computer system and horrible front desk staff. 3. They are overpriced, and seem to have a lot of gimmicks to make it seem like you are getting a discount. My visit today for a shot was $50. Why am I paying for $35 for an "exam" that consisted of a vet coming in the room for five minutes to administer the shot? Why aren't there vet techs to handle these things, like at every other vet I've ever gone to?4. My dog is on arthritis medication, and I have asked many times for an alternative to the name brand drug. Or, a prescription so that I can get the generic (at $20 less per bottle) from another source. The answer I got from them was: you can get Rimadyl here, or go to another vet for the generic. Well, I'm officially looking for another vet. So why, might you ask, did I give them 2 stars when I am so unhappy with their customer service? One reason, and one reason only - they have some pretty decent doctors, when the doctors actually make time to examine the dog properly. However, I do NOT think the vets make up for all of the other issues. Most importantly, I do not want my time wasted another minute in this place.Was looking for a place to get my dog's teeth cleaned and Desert Inn Animal Hospital is really close to my house so I called them at (702) 763-7855 and asked for pricing.  They told me I'd have to come in for a free dental consultation.  So I set up an appointment for Saturday 1-2-15 at 10:10 AM. Upon walking in I was so impressed with their big, clean, fresh-smelling lobby.  Their front desk staff was so friendly and helpful and I was feeling good.  I was taken back to the exam room and Dr. Franco came in and began the exam. She looked at his teeth a bit and he yapped (probably a sore tooth) and she said he tried to bite her and so she took him in the back to finish the exam.  This made me sort of anxious...like what was she doing to him back there that she couldn't do in front of me? Was she holding him down?  It just made me feel really uneasy.  When she came back in this is the quote she gave me:$46.13 .....Canine dental scale and polish$74.76 .....Pre-op blood profile$39.17 .....IV Catheter Fluids for surgery

Sweet I thought so we went a few days later. Only a few tables were taken late on a Saturday night, we were in luck (so we thought). Waitress was decent but didn't enlighten us as to the fact that they had flights of wine. Fortunately I did not experience the "dude" guy I've read about in other posts but I don't doubt he's alive and well there.Let's fast forward with the server/patron banter so I can save you the agony...

food

Food as follows:

The hookah flavors were great as well. We tried Blueberry Vanilla with a touch of cinnamon... Tastes like French toast so amazing! Ill be coming back specifically for that.Now into the bad... Unfortunately this completely out weighed the good. First, I say down I'm the hookah lounge part for about 25 minutes with no menu, and no recognition at all. I finally went up to the bar where the waitress was and asked if she could stop by. She held up her finger and said one minute in a very snappy tone. Mind you the lounge was not that busy at this time. I sat back down and about 15 minutes she came over after I waved my hand at her. I ordered a glass of wine & asked if it was on happy hour, she said yes. The rest of my party arrived a few minutes later & we all sat there for about 30 minutes with no service. And still no wine for me. One of my friends approached the bartender to order the rest of our drinks and he said they would be brought out to us. After waiting 20 minutes and seeing our drinks just sitting there on the bar I got up and brought them over. When I was at the bar retrieving them I told our waitress we would like to order. She got out a pen & paper and said what would you like? I was t sure of the exact order everyone wanted so she told me to go ask them and she would be at the computer when I was prepared to order. Now in all the years of experience of dining out or working in restaurants in general I was blown away by this. She actually wanted me to go get the order of our table and walk back to the bar to order. While taking my drinks as well. Wow, not cool bro.

I lived in New Jersey my whole life

Location was convenient for our group as we were in town for a baseball series and it was an easy walk to PNC Park. Did not try their restaurants or bars and the front desk service was less than friendly.As everyone has said, the Wyndham is under a major renovation, so what you experience one day may not be the same the next.  While I was there, the front lobby was in various states of disarray.  This was not really concerning to me, but definitely didn't look nice.  To breakdown the high and low points:

-the food was ok

We had to wait for a taxi to take us to the 2nd location.  Not a good way to impress the owner of your companyWent here after a wedding with about 27 guests and they for sure have the "we don't really care if you like us or not" vibe. The theme was pretty neat but it was so dark you had to use a flashlight to see the menu which they do have attached but only about 25% of them work so make sure your phone is charged. We came during happy hour and they told all of us it did not apply to us because we were too big of a party. Needless to say, I think 2 people ordered a $8 beer but they could have made much more money off us if they allowed the happy hour for the last 30 minutes there was left to encourage more drinking during the meal. Food was super overpriced for what you get. Don't get me wrong, it tasted good but I can make a pasta meal at home that's just as good for $20 for 5 people as opposed to $20-$30/plate. They don't split checks, so come with cash and if you want to split a meal with someone expect to pay $6 more.Cool idea, poorly executed. Guy that seated us was standoffish and left us without menus for almost 10 minutes. Were never offered water. Ordered wine and received one glass that was almost 2x the other one, when pointed out to waitress she told me (I got the bigger glass) that I must have gotten lucky. Hubby's glass was no more than 3 oz - ridiculous. Food would have been tasty if it was hot! Good flavors but lukewarm at best. Same thing for my starter, the spinach egg soup. I wish it was served hot! Also, $20 spaghetti and meatballs featured one meatball. IT SAYS MEATBALLS ON THE MENU. And I have never seen a smaller portion of lasagna. As I mentioned, could have overlooked the small pricey portions if they food was served hot, or at least warm. I will not return here, totally not worth it. And the live singer was just awful. What a tourist trap!Way too expensive for the poor service and food quality.  Waited 15 min for someone to come to the table.  Was halfway thru dinner before I was offered water.We decided to try Capo's for dinner. The ambiance is very nice. It is definitely very dark. I had to use my phone light to look at the menu. They had an impersonator singing and that was neat. We ordered 2 milks and the waitress brought us a cup of half and half mixed with water. It was disgusting. Apparently they don't carry milk. But the waitress could have said that instead of trying to trick us into drinking something that clearly wasn't milk. I went to order an item I saw off the online menu and the waitress told me they took that item off the menu 8 years ago. Really? They couldn't update their menu. It would take 5 minutes. I settled for the lasagna and I would say stouffer's is better. Our bill came to $103. My cocktail the size of a shot was $10. They charge strip prices with a Denny's quality type of food. I was very disappointed. I wish I had gone to Tbones and spent that money on quality dining. The air was broke in 105 degree weather. We were so hot and sweating sitting there. They should close the restaurant until that is fixed.Eaten here twice before, food was delicious, but I hadn't received what I had ordered.  The other night my friend and I had the ceasar salad and tiramisu and were sick in the bathroom for 24 hours... up and out :((I've only been once but it was enough for me to form my opinion.  I'm not one for kitsch and this place is full of it.  I should have turned around and left when they pulled the door stunt, but I didn't.  Watch your step as you enter too.  This place is so dark you need a flash light to see anything.  Again, I shoulda ran.  Finally got seated and was greated by a server that was gorgeous but i'm am sure was mentally challenged.  Wonder how she got the job?  Because it was too dark to see the menus, my companion asked her if he could have vodka sauce in his capellini (not my choice but hey.....).   She had no idea what vodka sauce was and didn't know capellini was a pasta.  Finally, after a very painful experience trying to order our food came.  It was ok but I couldn't wait to get out of there.We met some friends at Capos Italian Restaurant (their only location now being on W. Sahara Ave in LV, NV.    We loved the other location and were hoping that the new location would be just as good or better.   Please note that we are a couple that go out to dinner often, we like all kinds of food and are willing to pay for great service, food and ambiance.Our journey here began when we went into the private room entrance and we were asked "how many are in your party."    For those of you who frequented the "other" location, this was a first of many touches that are now gone from the "new" location.   We were then asked if we wanted to sit at our table and wait for our friends.  We opted to have a drink at the bar.   The bar is actually opposite the open kitchen which is very HOT and not comfortable at all.   The bartender, who was a very good one, was talking to us about schedule issues for the staff and how she was supposed to be there in the morning and not the evening......etc, etc.    Not exactly a welcoming opener to our dinner.     Our friends showed up within a few minutes and we were escorted back to a back booth in the restaurant.    I asked if it was a good table and was told it was "superb".   Ah, if they only told us that a large party was going to be sitting in front of us!   The noise was so loud I couldn't hear the people next to me talk.   When the singer began his act, the place was way over the top loud.   In the other location, the singer interacted with the people in the restaurant.   This was not the case here.The restaurant air-conditioning was almost non-existent and actually become extremely uncomfortable.   No, I wasn't having a hot flash, I was HOT!   Is this a sign of the restaurant not being able to afford their energy bill??Our waitress was very nonchalant and really not very friendly.    We ordered drinks, and then dinner.   The menu is extensive although no eggplant dishes which was weird for an Italian Restaurant.   The food was just "okay".   We have definitely had better and for way less money.    One of the ladies in our party had a shrimp dish and the shrimp was almost hard as a rock and way overcooked.   When the Chef came around to ask how things were, our friend said that her shrimp dish was way overcooked.   His response, "thank you for letting us know", and moved on.   We had a piece of cheese cake for dessert with caramel sauce and it was worse than store bought cheese cake.     The flavor was simply "okay".   Not great.We did use a Restaurant.com coupon which saved us $30 but the coupon also stipulates that 18% gratuity is added to the check.   I would skip this restaurant and this coupon.    With so many choices for GREAT Italian food, I would definitely avoid this restaurant and try some of the GREAT ones here in Vegas.the best tiramisu i have had outside of italy, but the service was horrible! our waitress couldnt be bothered and then we were over charged. we waited to talk to her about out the bill, but she never came back. if i lived in vegas i would have gone back to talk to the manager.Well we went here last year and had a great experience. This year i brought some other people with me and the service we received was horrible. First they messed up our reservation by a half hour. We were there on a sunday night and it was pretty busy but they sat us basically in the walkway to the bathroom. It took the server 30 minute intervals before she returned to our table. Unfortunately i will not be returning.I think Capo's deserves a 2.5 because of originality, but since the stars won't allow, and due to a big-time let down and poor quality, I'll round down.My Dad was in town for his 60th Birthday and he wanted Italian food for a less than outrageous price.  We can be pretty picky with Italian food considering we are Italian, and the fact that we come from where Italian food is actually good (NY,Philly,NJ).  He suggested Maggiano's because we know to expect good quality.  I didn't want to take him to a chain though, I wanted him to have something he could only get in Vegas, so I did my homework on Yelp, and Capo's seemed like the right choice.  A choice I ended up regretting.No horror stories here, but as you will read, the service and food quality just weren't there, the only thing good was the atmosphere.Upon arrival the entry and speakeasy theme was pretty cool.  Would have been cooler without a sign that said credit cards were currently not accepted, cash only.  But still pretty cool.

The one employee at the desk asked if I had a service scheduled, which was not listed on the flyer. She then called someone else who told her they are giving out $10 gift cards.I'm writing this because I'm confused as to why I got the snotty attitude for donating school supplies. $10 is not much toward $100 spa services!

Obviously we had been put into the wrong room. The bellman suggested I call down to the front desk, so I did to get it sorted out.

Chef: "Why (possible swear word) not?!"

The service was... what service?!! It was sooo bad! beginning with the front desk that told us to come back for checkin in 1 hour, and when we came back in 2 hours the room still wasn't ready. Lago buffet - good luck getting a drink order; we had to wait about 20 minutes for a waitress, and even asked a few workers for coffee, while ignored by all.

Crazy Lady (Yelling at Cashier): HERE! HERE YOU ARE! HERE'S YOUR MONEY!

Overall, we will not come back and feel so sad. We prefer to patronize local businesses but will cross this one off our list. :-(I live not far away, and regularly visit several of the other businesses in this strip mall, but had never tried Scott's until about a week ago.  We arrived mid-afternoon.  It was dark and dingy, and even though we're both almost Medicare age, we were the youngest people in the joint (including the staff).  Not that there's anything wrong with that, but it felt strange. The menus were filthy.  Service was adequate, but a bit slow.  My partner had the corned beef hash breakfast, and had no complaints - there were fresh onions and peppers in the hash; the 3 eggs on top were perfectly cooked, and the potatoes and toast were fine.  I tasted the hash, and liked it.  The portions were huge. I ordered the chopped liver.  I don't know much about chopped liver, except I've made my own a few times and eaten it once from a Philadelphia deli (the Philly stuff was incredibly good).  This was awful; just awful.  Since when is it sweet, with no hint of onion?  I must not be alone, because I heard a woman at the table near us tell the staff "you don't know how to cook liver."I'd probably try Scott's again for breakfast, but PLEASE:  turn on some lights, wipe off the menus, dust the place up, sweep the floor.  If I'm going to pay above average prices for mediocre food, the place needs to be minimally clean and bright.I had breakfast there this morning.  The food was good, but the coffee could use improvement (I like good coffee with breakfast and it is high on my list of things I look for in a place to eat breakfast).Service could use a lot of improvement.  Initially it was ok, but I waited 15 minutes for someone to refill my coffee while my coffee cup sat on the edge of the table.  Meanwhile a waitress and manager walked back a forth a number of times.  I was tired of waiting and went to the counter to leave.  They asked for my check and I said I didn't have it and had been waiting the last 15 minutes without even seeing my waitress.  He found her and said she'd been working a big party in the other room.  I asked why they didn't have the waitress in this room cover?   Waited another 5 minutes at the register for them to get my ticket.  Then a big guy came and asked if he could help.  I told him I had been trying to pay my check.  He got the check from the waitress and said to her "What's wrong with you?".Bottom line - If they improve their coffee and get their act together on waiting on tables, this could be a very good place.  Otherwise, it won't do well.  I won't be back.Now that I have been going out a little more since moving to Phx, I have found other restaurants that I feel very at home in. This has been on of my favorites.......till now.............  I usually come during the day time to avoid the   candle light atmosphere. I bring my lap top (WIFI free) but I came in  tonight and found the music so annoying. If only they would get real musicians that sound good while dining instead of the young kid who is ALWAYS there, Don't they ever change their songs.  Pizza still good but anything else is boring like the music. Boring shouldn't be LOUD. I found Cibos and will stick with them for nowGood pizza, lousy service!  I have been buying take out pizza from Pizza Heaven for some time now (even back  when  they were on 7th and about Highland).  So I  decided to dine in once.  What a  mistake.  We sat for over 30 minutes and no  service.  The place wasn't that  busy but apparently business  is so good they don't have to wait on customers.  If you want take out, then I recommend  it, but for dining in, forget it.  Hence the two star rating.Judging by some of these reviews, I believe that anything four or five stars was done by someone who went from domino's to this.I've been to this place several times... it's family owned, it's clean, but pizza heaven it is not.Their pizza is good and nothing more.  I liked it, but it wasn't out of this world, I had the Pizza Bianca and it does not deserve 5 stars. It's OK. that's it.I really don't understand how places like this on yelp get such high reviews, but I have a theory:People who do not venture out beyond their safe zone develop a relative reality.Let's just say this about Pizza Heaven:

2. Okay continental breakfast3. Free internet

I don't know if they have gotten overconfident because people line up to get in, but, that will stop very soon. Yeah food cost more because fuel cost is up. Why are so many joints, just to save a buck, cutting quality. They don't think people are going to stop eating there?

-The maid left dirty linens on the floor one day

Then come to find out, not even 24hrs after paying them $10 to put in both my earrings and a mandatory $10 tip, one of the balls to the horse shoe on my cartilage is gone and my traigus is so swollen it hurts worse than when I got it pierced over a year ago.

- Goose breast: Paling a bit compared with its sibling, in both taste and unhealthiness.

Positives: They do offer beer & wine included in price for lunch & dinner, but not the best quality. Also, they may change that at anytime too!

=======

4. The bacon was soggy, and not crisp like I requested,  and wayyyyy too greasy. They didn't even blot off the excess fat.One my friends there said the french toast was way too sweet, one friend ended up with peppermint toast, she did not order it, she ordered the regular one,said it was fine. I had their coffee and a bloody mary... coffee was good, bloody mary was the worst!  Thank god it was not a 10$ bloody mary I would have been pissed. The cost of the meal overall was too expensive for the quality of food they served.Average breakfast. Could have made this meal at home. Cali Benny was requested as over medium and was extremely over hard. Waiter did not seem to care about table. French toast and pancake were both doughy. Fried egg was the size of a golf ballI have been known to have toast for breakfast, so I have no problem eating at a place called Toast - or Famous Toastery for that matter. While the servers are generally attentive, the promise of the place falls squarely between that of toast and something famous.To start with, we were there on a day when things were a bit windy, and though it was nice enough outside to sit on the patio, the way the umbrellas were arranged/installed/whatever wasn't particularly up-to-snuff, so every time a bit of wind came by, it actually caught them like a sail, and they took off, ready to spear anyone not paying attention. Made things interesting, to say the least. While those attentive servers were nice, they didn't seem particularly interested in much other than plopping the umbrellas back in the hole, ready for another round later. Ah well.We did survive our meal, and it was a sold effort - but one you can find in a reasonable number of places around, something more than fast food breakfast (something that is being offered in more and more places these days), and perhaps on par with other sit-down, diner-type places. If you're in the area, it's probably worth a visit to see if things have improved. Just watch out for the flying umbrellas if you're seated outside on a windy day.We come here a lot and recently it's been great! But today, waitress had no sense of urgency or humor and seemed like she had an attitude towards us.  I asked for more cream for my coffee and never got it. We only saw her when we placed our order and never again. Also never got the cornbread when we sat down that you always get. No way that omelet was worth $12.99 either.  Definitely not going to come back here for a while.Nothing special. Horrible service. The restaurant was not busy but we saw our waiter once when he took our order. Our food arrived via a server and no one returned to our table to see if we needed anything. We had to find someone to get our bill. A huge disraction was a man standing by the men's room. Toastery employees were going over to him 1 by 1. Very odd. Even the 12 year old in our group commented on the situation. The man eventually left. We don't need to go back, once was quite enough.Again...and I feel like I say this a LOT about Charlotte restaurants...just one more place with two-star food for five-star prices.  The price for eating out in this town are crazy - and I'm from the NYC area, and I'm quite used to high prices.  I don't mind paying good money - but it should be for good food.  When EVERYTHING on the menu is $12 and up....I would expect to be rating my experience here with at least 4 stars.  I won't get into the details - suffice it to say, I've tried this place 3 times, and each time has been a 2-star experience.  One small detail I would like to give:  I ordered grits as the side that "came with" my breakfast.  The waiter asked me if I wanted plain or cheese, and I order cheese grits.  When the check came, I notice that they charged me .75 for the cheese for my grits.  What?  Yeah. Enough said.  Note to restaurant owners: if you have to nickel and dime your patrons like that, you don't deserve to stay in business.Burgers and fries were tasty.  French fries do not come with burgers.  Burger arrived on a plate alone and the plate looked bare.  Very odd layout for a restaurant.  There are about six tables that are right by the kitchen.  We were seated at the table across from the kitchen doors.  It was loud and chaotic as all the servers were passing our table within arms reach of us.  We could see in to the kitchen.  The doors leading in to the kitchen are black and had greasy hand prints all over them which was grossing me out as I ate.  The bars sits somewhat out in the middle of the restaurant so the back tables see the back of the bar.  There is an additional beverage/dessert bar that is waste of space.  The women's bathroom feels like an outhouse.  I am willing to pay a buck for a burger but I need a bit more atmosphere.  Went there on the first weekend or second they opened so overstaffed and hectic.  Even the hostesses were confused.  What appeared to be the owner or manager walked around using his cell phone most of the time looking overly anxious.I went here on a Thursday evening to find this place busy, but disappointing. I found the interior decor very confusing. I felt like I was in a warehouse, very tall ceilings, no wall decorations and concrete floors. We sat at a table and couldn't help but slide around constantly because of the slippery floor and chairs. Also in the middle on the restaurant there is a weird ice cream bar. Not sure who thought putting a 50's diner bar in a contemporary restaurant was a good idea. As for food; it tasted good, but the portions were terribly small. The burger was the size of something you would see in a kids meal and cost $10 without fries. Drinks were also very expensive, $15 for a whiskey and coke. Service was slow, however the bus boy was very helpful. In summary there are many better burger choices in town for a lot less money. The only reason I gave two stars was because it was tasty. I will not be going back.Yesterday I went to Bottles and Burgers for lunch and was quite disappointed. My burger came out and the onions on the burger were weak- it looked like a sauce. Though the burger meat was good, the burger as a whole failed. If I ever came back, I'd order the fries alone, and only the fries. They do have tasty French fries, but that's about it. Though I can't speak for anything on the menu but burgers and fries, I'm not convinced to do so.I was looking forward to eating at this new place, but nothing really wowed me.

These 2 girls sitting next to me waited 10 mins for menus!I've been here a couple of times and got a voucher to use since it's so close to me but the last time I went was terrible.

Biggest Rip-off: Guy Fieri's place. Wow, is this place expensive.....two burger, two beers, two orders of sweet potato fries $55 after tax and tip. And folks, let me tell you, Guy Fieri is a great guy to watch on t.v. but his burger is nothing special (the fries were very good though, again, $$$$).

Pav de saumon? Checked!

Unfortunately, this is what has finally prompted me to write my review.I hope the hiring manager is able to read this and considers hiring a better staff. And then train them on proper customer service.My coffee was good but the attitudes from the baristas left a bad taste in my mouth. Maybe it's the hipster attitude but no hello, nothing...just a rude attitude overall. It was my first time coming here and I won't be back, I'd rather go somewhere where i didn't feel like I was putting someone out by ordering a coffee.Meh.Eh.Just okay, I had not been here in yrs decided to give it another try.Latte was lackluster, no worth the $4.25 price tag for sure no flavor nothing special at all.Barista was " so tired" don't you know she has to wake up @4 in the morning ? I do because she said this to customer in from of me.No " hi," to us order was actually taken by another guy behind the counter who was the only one to say " thank you " to us.Barasta was a brunette who needs a nap and a lesson is customer service.I was on my way to my usual spot to pick up a latte before work, but decided to stop here instead. A few days prior I had been reading through yelp reviews and thought this place was definitely worth a try. Baristas were friendly and service timely. Unfortunately the latte tasted like cardboard and the muffin was just okay. I want to give this place another try but have yet to muster up the will since I know where to get a great latte that has yet to fail me.Review update. I still love this place and I love their coffee, but, today, something changed... I love sipping coffee using their classy white mugs - been doing so for years. Today, even after I was asked, by the cashier/barista and said "yes for here", it was served in paper cup. Not a fan of sipping hot liquids through cups with plastic tops and whatever they're lined with.I love their coffee too much to have it that way, so, I went out to my vehicle, grabbed my camping mug, and paid for another one.

It focuses on Quebec's food, we can identify quality products but it was poorly executed : magret de canard was undercooked, making it chewy.

* IBAR - loud and obnoxious music and too many videos.

I had the Angus green chili burger. It tasted fine because the quality of the beef was well, but it was a very small patty. And the fries that came with it also tasted good but was a small portion. A restaurant should know that the cost of fries is so low compared to the other products and should stack the plate full of fries to compliment the meal.

Here couple of times for lunch because it's close to my office, service is too slow, the way they make subs, it's not that great

Meh. Too much hype, i was disappointed.This place totally makes me think of the Black Hoof in Toronto, following the trend of in your face meat eating, where patrons eagerly munch on bone marrow as appetizers before settling on pig's head (yes literally pigs head) for the main course.You have to be really hungry to eat here, and on a low fat diet to prepare yourself for the cholesterol shock that is about to hit your digestive system.I wanted to try something light, which is probably why the night didn't fare so well.  I followed ht the waiter's recommendation for an original "salad": pan seared veal over potatoes and watercress.  The dish was immersed in olive oil to the point of being soupy, and topped with an egg.  There was very little in the way of greens, so I don't know how this was categorized as a salad.  Unsurprisingly, this was very, very heavy.   I give full points for creativity, since I've never quite had anything like it before, but can't say I enjoyed it and could only eat half before I felt overwhelmed by the grease. The creme brulee and molten lava cakes were fine as desserts--but they are always a safe bet. If you're looking for a meaty place, this is for you.  If you were hoping for a light meal go somewhere else.I had my reservations with Au Pied de Cochon once I read the yelp! reviews.  Why, you might ask?  Well, when any restaurant has an army of cheerleaders behind it, it worries me.  While I do like a good recommendation, I often take a pause when I hear "go here or else you will never be happy again!"  Ok, I ad lib'd that part.In regards to the restaurant, we found it quite nice, and the service friendly.  However, I must agree with another reviewer that the balance of the dishes was, well, missing.For instance, the menu, by first impressions, does not leave one saying "I have to have this, and this, and this."  While an attractive menu, one does not need a fatty Entree, a fatty main, and a fatty dessert.  We did start with a course of foie gras.  While it was creamy, the taste was rather stale, and as such, we wasted about $10.00 worth because we would not eat it.  It wasn't spoiled, but it just wasn't good.We moved on to the main courses, I had the duck in mushroom sauce.  It was almost as if the chef said "no, I will not salt this dish, no matter how much it calls for salt."  It was, in a word, bland.  The duck itself was nice, but the flavors did not call out to me.For dessert, I tried the poached pear, as it was the "lightest" offering.  It was delicious, but not enough for me to remember my meal at apdc fondly. Alas, I came, I ate, and I'm not returning.I think most of these 5 star reviews were written before they actually went to the restaurant.The Service:  Showed up 15 minutes before our reservation of 4 and was seated 45 minutes after our 9:30P reservation that was made 2 months in advance.  We stood outside as group after group was seated before us and was eventually told they all arrived before us; a quick glance at their reservation sheet showed us that reservations after us were already seated.  We were offered a beer for our troubles but was relegated to standing in their corridor since we were not allowed to drink outside.  After finally getting seated, they took our orders but forgot about my beer, which the waitress quickly denied that I ordered it with her.   She did apologize after looking at our order again.  One of the appetizers was brought out with a piece of the codfish fritters falling on the table.  The person delivering the food just simply said, "Oh, sorry." and left.  Our fork and knives were taken away after eating our foie gras poutine (will get to that later) and then bread was delivered with only a huge spoon to spread the butter?The Food:  The food was okay.  It was a little too fatty and greasy despite knowing what the menu was full of.  The foie gras poutine was delicious.  Nice portions of foie gras coupled with a thick, hearty, flavorful gravy.  I ordered the foie gras hamburger.  The foie gras was larger than the patty!  You can interpret that as you like.  Tried a piece of the pied de cochon stuffed with foie gras and it just tasted greasy with no substantial meat at all.  The duck in a can was okay, but tasted like steamed duck.I would not waste my time or money here.  A pretty horrible experience for a restaurant that's supposed to be "hottest" restaurant in Montreal.  The only saving grace was the poutine.My wife and my best friend were both visiting me in Montreal at the same time and this was the place I knew we had to go.  We'd all heard about it and it was going to be our 'special meal.'  Unfortunately, Au Pied de Cochon was just blah.We started with cocktails.  A Manhattan, Lemon Slush, and a Raspberry Mojito were ordered and tasted.  The service was cool for the slush because they bring you the vodka in a little tea pot to add as you want.  The Raspberry Mojito was refreshing and definitely the most attractive drink on the table.  Cocktails = 4.5/5Our appetizer was the "Salade de Croustillant de PDC" which we were sold on because of the 'crispy pork belly.'  Unfortunately, it was pork belly in some sort of breading, which didn't have much taste to it.  The salad itself was 'meh.' 2/5We shared Duck in a Can (1/5) and Foie Gras Poutine (4/5) as the main courses for between the three of us.  The presentation of the Duck in a Can was really cool, I like the art on the can and I like that they open it up in front of you. Unfortunately, the contents of the can didn't taste as good as the can looked.  This was the worst dish of the night.  The duck breast was just ok, the skin was chewy and not at all appetizing (and I love me some duck skin), the rest of the dish was extremely salty. If it had one more grain of salt on it, it would have clearly been too much and I'd have sent it back.  Foie Gras Poutine somewhat lived up to its reputation and I would maybe recommend just grabbing a couple $5 beers and sharing a Poutine for those dead set on hitting this place up.  The foie gras really tasted good on and the gravy had good flavor.We decided against dessert, not because we were full, but because the meal just wasn't that good and the dessert menu was full of boring stuff.  I'm ready to pay for a good meal, but this wasn't even a mediocre meal.  Au Pied didn't live up to its reputation at all and I wouldn't recommend that anyone go.  The next night, we tried for round 2 on the nice meal and had much success at O'Thym (which is also Apportez Votre Vin).  Take your APC dollars there.Counting both times I have been to this city, this was by far the most shocking disappointment in Montreal. The number of glowing reviews and the articles in trusted magazines should have lead to a positive and memorable experience at this restaurant. What happened was a disaster on a lot of levels.What I can safely start off by saying is that this restaurant has, by far, the worst hostess of all time. I introduced myself and noted my reservation in French... then, in English because she gave me a blank, yet critical expression. Speaking English didn't help matters much. She looked down and then answered the phone. Now, there was no one behind us and no one walked in while she was on the phone, so we waited. And waited. And waited. Then, we waited some more after she (very rudely) told us that we would need to wait longer for our table. We went outside and then came back in, only to be dismissed again. Thirty-four minutes after our reservation started, we were seated.We had a wobbly table that was immediately fixed by our the nearest food runner. Our table was next to the bright bar that overlooks the kitchen. It felt good-busy, not uncomfortable-busy.After we ordered drinks, we got a deconstructed makers mark and coke (they had a lot of American liquids), which allows you to make your own consistency. Clever.During this time of ordering and drinking, the water boy was the nicest person we interacted with. The hostess, our server, other people's servers seemed to be grumpy. I don't know if they just got yelled at or all had a collective agreement to be terrible, but the only thing that was clear was that they were terrible. We ordered the codfish fritter, beet and goat cheese salad and duck in a can. Nothing stood out as being amazing.  It was fine is the nicest thing I can say about it and I am known to positively exaggerate about everything. The thing about all of this is that it took fifty-three minutes to get our dinner, after our appetizer. The temperature in the restaurant increased dramatically as we waited. Just so, so hot. Sweating grossness. Ugh.The maple ice cream was perfectly timed, but not for good reasons. By the end, the servers were actively drinking and flirting, really not giving any attention to their tables. Our server was leaning into our table while we signed the bill. Just a disaster. I sincerely wish this went better. Les 400 Coups was approximately a million, billion times better than this dinner. I would never recommend that anyone come here for dinner.Making a reservation well in advance, I expected great things from this restaurant with its tasty, rich dishes. Unfortunately, it was a bit of a let-down. Service was slow and poor; there were no apologies made by the server for her tardiness and she did not check in during our meal. It seems like she  focused all her attention on her other four tables, willfully ignoring ours. With regard to the food, we ordered the duck in a can and the pied de cochon. The first dish had a juicy piece of duck meat hidden under lakes of oil and a solid piece of duck skin with unrendered fat, and of course the foie. I was not quite sure how to attack the fat so I just ate the meat. The pied de cochon was actually served in deep, large bowl - it was that large. It was nothing special, just heaps of food on a plate with little thought to presentation. I thought the pied was also undercooked as I had trouble getting through the tougher and thicker parts of the skin.All in all, not so great.This place has been a Montreal classic and I was excited to try it. But I guess I was being an ignorant American and thought I could come for dinner on a Thursday (around 6pm) without a reservation. I was greeted at the entrance by a hostess that was less than happy that I did not speak French then looked as if I insulted her when I apologized I did not have reservation. Eventually our party was seated at the bar but we were told we would have to leave within 1.5 hrs. Ok, that's fine. I was actually happy to get a table at the bar which was right in front of the kitchen so we got to see everything being made, that was the best part of this experience. Server was also very nice as well and was not at all rude like the hostess. We ordered some foie gras dishes, boudin, and a pied de cochon, the first few bites were delicious but as you continued, it tasted all very one note. Everything tasted like onions and butter, nothing wrong with that just hard to eat an entire plate of it. Although we didn't order it, the pig's head for two looked amazing (an entire pig's head with two knives sticking out of it sitting on a bed of mashed potatoes) and could probably feed 4 people. Was glad I came since it is such an institution, but would not want to come back.So, my impressions - with the rave reviews we made reservations as soon as our travel dates were confirmed - about 6 weeks in advance.  On arriving, the hostess told us there were no tables available but that she could seat us at the bar (there were at least 3 vacant tables in sight at the time).  After a bit of discussion, we got a table beside the serving station and it became pretty clear that as tourists, nobody gave a rats-ass about us.  The food, well, it was really heavy.  I get it, they like pigs and they're big on meat but seriously, toss a salad into the mix. Over-all, I really wouldn't bother with this place.  Over-hyped and pretty full of itself, Montreal has a lot of other options out of there.  Interestingly, when I mentioned PDC and Joe Beef to a business associate who lives in Montreal, she hadn't heard of either of them.Restaurant: Very expensive. Food mediocre and overall experience a disappointment!.I went here last night.  It was my first time and I was quite excited having heard so much about it, however it did not live up to the hype.  I started off with the Assiette Cochonailles and then had veal tartar.  All were quite tasty.  I especially liked the maple milkshake for dessert.  However the food as not the problem for me.What left me so disappointed was the service.  Our reservation was for 7 yet we only got seated at 7:30.  It took forever for the waiter to take our order.  The starters came in a decent amount of time but then there was a significant wait for our main dishes.  When they did finally come they didn't bring the fries that came with my tartar so I had to flag down the waiter to ask for them.  My friend wanted to get her water refilled and had to ask twice before they finally did it.  Since this was my first time I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and assume that maybe it was just a bad night for them.I made a reservation and was told only bar seats were still available. Yet when I got to the restaurant a lot of tables were open. Sitting at the bar was uncomfortable. The waiters and barstaff are working, splashing water and ice around (sometimes it lands on you). Sometimes they forget and let out a swear and it just makes for a feeling like you're seated in the back of a kitchen. Highly unpleasant seating, would not recommend accepting anything less than a table out front. As the evening heats up waitstaff are constantly bumping you as they pass by, no matter how much you scooch in. This place could have redeemed itself on the basis of good food. Alas. They are of the unfortunate school of restaurants who think more food = better. NO. More of mediocre food is just a lot of mediocre food. The PDC cut, for example, was raw in the middle and hard to saw through. You would think something named "PDC cut" would fall off the bone and be cooked all the way through. Alas. The blood sausage tort was more of an enormous pizza with blood sausage chunks on top. It was very delicious, but the presentation was lacking, the portion much too enormous. The PDC house beer was a limp-wristed sparkling water rather than a beer. I don't know, I wouldn't waste your time and money on this place when there are so many others to choose from. I was very disappointed with this restaurant.This place is crowded, noisy, no atmosphere. The waiters kept trying to squeeze in the tight space between my chair and the chair of the lady in the next table, and it made enjoying our meals in peace really difficult.

It all started with our reservations for 8 (under my coworkers name Kanouse) set for 7:30.  After standing at the front door for 45 minutes, we were finally seated at 8:15.  The evening continued to go downhill from there.  It started with several of the cocktails arriving incorrect.  Multiple requests for additional bread were made to several staff (including a manager) and never materialized (this became more important given the fact that our entrees did not arrive until 10:15, 2 HOURS after being seated).  Several guests in my party ordered the 28 oz Prime Rib, the "special" of the evening, only to be told an hour after ordering it that they "were out" of the offering, this occuring relatively early on a Saturday evening.  Multiple times we waited there for quite some time with empty glasses waiting for someone to either fill them or take our order for another coctail.  A seafood tower arrived with considerably less on it than the usual orders I am accustomed to.  And to top it all off, several of my guests ordered the "recommended" key lime pie, only to be informed 20 minutes later that it too, like the special prime rib, was no longer available.  I'm sorry but you would think that for a dinner for 8 costing $1,300 (including tip), a little better evening could have been expected.  I am very well aware that the Mastro's restaurants are capapble of providing a first class evening, but on this particular eveing the ball was definitely dropped.  VERY DISAPPOINTING.

I get the equivalent of one of my teenagers "Fine." ...stamp... Flounce...Okay. So I sit in the "reception" area which, charitably, is at least 87-88 degrees and packed. Other people are having similar service issues as I wait.In the end, it is a dingy, poorly-run place.  The groupon is likely because return business has got to be slim-to-nonexistent. I paid every PENNY what I would have paid at my dealership (power Nissan) $68- where they either get my car in and out in 40 mins, or give me a courtesy car to drive, whichever I prefer, do a careful thorough job, and wash my car before they give it back.

#2 I just wanted a drink, I was tired and wanted to relax with my friend. Just take my order please without the commentary.

- We had the bruschetta, which we were told took 12 minutes.  (Weird to be that precise, but OK).  Some other waiter/waitress apparently swiped ours... so it took nearly half an hour, as our waiter thought someone had already brought it to us.

Interior decor needs a designer.......at once!!poor service, took 10 minutes to get water. Never got refilled. Food was slightly more interesting than IHOP or Denny's but about the same quality. Great place to go after a night of drinking I suppose. We won't be back, just wasn't impressed.Disappointed....nice cozy place, super friendly service..i got Eggs Benedict..sauce had a nice bite, but the not so toasted muffin made for a mushy experience..home fries were not cooked as much as i'd like...c'mon...brown those babies !

I didn't want to do a complete update as I only went back for the "almost famous chili" the 2nd time around.  I have to say they totally butchered the chili.  It's probably "almost famous" for being the worst made chili ever. It was practically tomato soup with onions.  VERY little beans and beef.  I wouldn't even call this chili.  Sorry but if a fast food joint like Wendy's can make better and heartier chili than this place, something is wrong.  The only thing they got right was the bread and butter.  This place is just a novelty eats imo.So Primanti Brothers is definitely something you must try if you are visiting Pittsburgh, but that's about all you're going to do...try it and probably not come back.It's an interesting sandwich with thick bread (not toasted), choice of meat, coleslaw, option for onions and of course fries in the sandwich.  The fries are not that flavorful and were quite dry when I had it.  I ordered it with easy fries and slaw and it still overpowered the sandwich.  The overall sandwich is not bad, but it's definitely not amazing or even up to par with other sandwich shops. I would recommend trying it at least once and I can see myself venturing back here every couple of months or so if someone new is in town to visit, but it is definitely not at the top of my list.After seing all the hype from TV, I came here with family local to Pittsburgh expecting delicious local eats.  Now I'm not even sure it's worth the experience of being able to say you've come here.The portions are huge and cheap, but the buck stops there. The Pitts-Burgher Cheese Steak wasn't cheesy or steaky.  The meat was more like a dried out morning sausage patty.  The "Colossal Fish & Cheese" sandwich was definitely colossal with a generous fried fish fillet, but the fillet had that old fishy taste... I almost prefer McDonald's Fillet-O-Fish.  The sandwiches are so big you wonder how you'll shove it all into your mouth, but when you finally manage, the flavor and texture contrast is really underwhelming despite the number of layers.  The bread is delicious and soft, the meat is so-so, the coleslaw makes everything vinegar'y, and the fries just make everything starchy in my mouth.Alas I'm guilty of being a tourist here.  This place seems to be a more fun hang-out during game days when you're sharing a pint over the table.  Love the history of this place, not the food.  Isn't that why Beer is the #1 Seller over the Cheesesteak?Personally having them greasy fries and cole slaw on a sandwich sickens me, I guess if you show up after a few beers the sandwich would taste good, but, I've had much better.I think TIM C sent me here to die when he recommended I eat here on my brief stop in Pittsburgh.  I think I got some chest pain eating that sandwich---not the kind from love, the kind from MYOCARDIAL INFARCTION.  Definitely a heavy sandwich.  Heavy on the fries.  Heavy on the thick WHITE bread (us health nuts like wheat/whole grain).  I lost the tomato in all the slaw.  Thumbs up for the slaw.  It was not a pretty sandwich and you will definitely not look pretty eating it BUT---worth a try.Wow, can you say OVERRATED? I'm from Chicago and am not sure if people in PA are just used to average food but this was a bit of a disappointment! I had looked forward to trying this sandwich for awhile and it did not live up to the hype. BLAND BLAND BLAND. Fortunately they have malt vinegar there so I could add a little flavor. Mayo helped as well. I had capicola and cheese. Everything was just tasteless from the slaw to the meat. The fries arent bad but it doesnt make a sandwich automatically good by smashing a bunch on them. I'm a big fan of the idea but this was not satisfactory. My friend had the cheese steak which was a processed cube of steak. He was also dissatisfied. The beer mightve been the best part. I was turned on to Yuengling during my visit and am not a lager fan but it is a tasty beer! The service was acceptable but we did end up there around 4:30. The thick, handcut slices of bread are pleasing but it gets served in a small basket and impossible to find the bottom of the sandwich. Very messy. Oh and I heard them saying they had 38 loaves of bread left at about 5pm on a Fri night. They claim to be open til 2am. You do the math. I may try a sandwich at the original location at some point in my life but my initial impression was a total letdown.Coleslaw and fries in your sammich tastes just as good as it sounds.If you think it sounds awesome, then you'd probably find it awesome.If you think it sounds nasty, then you'd probably find it nasty.If you think it sounds questionable and confusing, then your'e not alone, because that's exactly how I felt after eating it, too.  Why, Primanti Brothers, why??The sandwiches here are filling. I like the cole-slaw because it's made with oil and vinegar, and not mayonnaise. There's really nothing else to write home about. The meat is decent, but the fries on the sandwich are somewhat soggy. The fries and bread have the same texture, and so it's kind of the same consistency throughout most of the sandwich. Maybe if the fries were a little crispier it'd taste better, but that's just a hypothetical. A sandwich is about 7 bucks and certainly is filling, yet it's not all that palatable. I think it's mostly name recognition at this point.I thought I'd love Primanti Brothers. Places like this are my thing. But I give it a big MEH. I ordered the cheesesteak. Risky move for a Philly girl off her home turf. First mistake. How dare they call this patty of meat product cheesesteak!?! But okay, fine. Besides that, the fries are soggy and bland, and overwhelm the sandwich with their blandness. I pulled most of them off. The bread is bland and floppy -- not sturdy enough for it's job. The best part is the slaw which is a little zippy at least, but not enough to redeem this tower of bland.I hate to diss an icon, but I thought it was bland. And when I'm inhaling food that will eventually result in death, it'd better be damn good.Flies buzzing around, kinda gross. The servers were really friendly, though.Their sandwich scared me. It was way too overwhelming. i'm still contemplating if I ever want to go back....Local dining icons deserve their own criteria for recognition.  That said, adding sliced tomato, coleslaw and a pile of fries to a deli sandwich defines the Primanti as a Pittsburgh-area institution.  Their cheesesteaks will never threaten the best of Philly's, nor will their pastrami or corned beef be mistaken for New York deli; this only serves to make the Primanti style unique.  I find their meats to be generally good, and reasonably generous.  Tomato on a corned beef sandwich can only be regarded as an acquired taste.  Personally, I'm not a fan of loading a sandwich with fries, but again, this is a matter of preference.  The assembled work is a massive sandwich which invites a machismo-driven, face-first dive into its mismatched imperfection.  After the second or third surfacing-for-air, the conclusion I've always had was of an enjoyable adventure.  Prices are downright cheap.Alright internetz, I have a confession to make:I can't stand this place.My Pittsburgh friends will probably chide me for this...but I don't care.  It needs to be said.  I grew up in the small-ish town of Wheeling, WV.  It's about 45 minutes from Pittsburgh and I spent many weekends up there with family roaming the strip district and cheering on the Steelers.  I went to college in Pittsburgh and a few years after graduating moved back and lived in Pittsburgh again.  I've tried multiple Primanti locations.  I've tried it multiple times throughout my childhood and 20s.  I've tried different sandwiches.  I've tried it drunk.I just...don't get it.Maybe it's my hatred of cole slaw?  Maybe it's the fact that every time I've had one of these sandwiches the meat seems dried out, the bread seems stale, the fries are too greasy, and I just can't find anything to be excited about.  Nothing blows me away.  And I can appreciate a delicious, simple sandwich.  This just isn't it.Probably one of the most over-hyped, over-rated places in the burgh.  Sorry yinz, I'm just not a fan.  Knocked it up to two stars only because the people working at the restaurants are uber friendly and accommodating.Primanti Brothers, though iconic, doesn't live up to its widespread popularity. While Primanti's sandwiches are acceptable, they're certainly not the best in Pittsburgh, let alone Oakland.Primanti's take on cole slaw acts as the unsung hero of the sandwich. Rather than the traditional, mayonnaise heavy, leaden version of the stuff Primanti's delicately flavors their cabbage with vinegar, herbs, and black pepper. The result is sweet, tangy, fresh, and crisp. The sandwiches warrant a taste for the fabulous cole slaw alone. That being said, it does not complement many of the meats on the menu particularly well, so make sure you order a meat that offers a salty or spicy contrast to the tangy slaw. These include corned beef, pastrami, kielbasa, fish, and capicola. The more mildly flavored meats fail to meet the sandwich's potential.The better known gimmick of course with Primanti's is the fries on the sandwiches, which makes their product instantly recognizable. Unfortunately, the fries are often improperly cooked and tragically underseasoned, so it's more like you're eating soggy, bland, boiled spuds rather than crisp, flavorful fries. I do appreciate the handcut slices of Italian bread, but the stuff has little character outside a crisp crust. It really serves no other purpose than holding everything together (which it surprisingly does well) but I like my bread with flavor.All told, while Primanti's is a Pittsburgh icon, the sandwich fails to excel in most ways. Try it once for the cole slaw, then go elsewhere.My husband said it very accurately: "its a once in a lifetime experience."  We tried it because it was our first time in Pittsburg, but next time we visit we will pass.  It seems to me that the sandwiches are not anything great once you look past its size.  I ate it with the fries and cole slaw, but I could have done without the fries.  It is just a filler.

      (-) 2 out of 3 carryout order had errors.

Baked Clams

It's a little piece of Reno... in LAS VEGAS!Upon arriving at the hotel, through the registration desk, up the elevators and to your door - Hard Rock is just a second tier hotel, at best.  Casino is miniscule, halls and elevators are "blaah", employees are not trained anywhere near to the standards of the other high-end hotels, and the general clientele is - in one word, trashy.  Not just the girls either - - the men, too.

D) 2 stars for food

So try the happy hour, at least if you don't like it you won't feel bad for spending too much money :)

- Convince to Miracle Mile Mall

but I must admit that the Mystery beer was nice.Food was alright. One person ordered a pulled pork sandwich which was obviously chicken and not even pulled. Upon asking about it we were told that was pulled pork. However another person ordered the same thing and had a far different, correct order. The servers were not attentative and not helpful. My yeungling had an odd blueberry aftertaste.The saving grace was trivia. We had a blast and ended up winning a $25 gift certificate which was a bonus. Not sure we will come back here next year.Seems like a good local hangout. I have mixed feelings about my experience here....PROs: First, let me say they do have a great selection of not just Belgium beers, but others on draft as well. Also, we came for dinner and ordered the tofu "wings" and veggie burger- they were both excellent. I really appreciate when restaurants have veggie options, and I thoroughly enjoyed the tofu cubed marinated in honey BBQ sauce!CONs: We waited about 5 minutes at the door before anyone spoke to us about a table. When someone did approach, they told us there would be a wait (ok, no problem), so we went to the bar to order a drink. At the bar (which wasn't that crowded, BTW),  we waited for the bartender for another 5 minutes. The waiting service was the same story. Also, although I felt like the beers were diverse and of good quality, I found the prices a little high. $9 for a Duvel is a bit high for me.Overall, I may comeback to try again, but only because the food was delicious enough to make up for the below par service.Went friday night for happy hour. The bar was already packed so had to get a table. Good selection of beer but food wasnt so good.  I had philly cheese steak and it was bit cold and wasnt as tasty as I hoped for 12  dollars.Large beer selection that concentrates on craft beers but you will also find a decent selection of European beers that you will not normally find. The bar and booths are good places to sit at but everything else reminds me of an old diner. Waitstaff is nice but everytime I come they usually forget something I ordered. When they get busy it takes a while to get your order in and to get refills on beers.Food is very hit or miss. Their boneless wings are quite good, thier burgers are ok. But the two times I have strayed away from those two things I have gotten sick, and both times I was not the only one in my group. In short come here for the beer and bites, but it may be a while getting your food if it's busy. Happy hour is decent tooWith an excellent beer selection and a very convenient location, I really wanted to like this place.  The service, however, more than cancelled out the excellent food and great drink selection.  We came at happy hour with a group of friends.  We expected the service to be fairly slow at first given that we arrived with a fairly large party, but as the night went on and people cleared out, it never really improved.  Even when there were only 4 of us left and the rest of the restaurant was basically empty, it was still taking forever to place an order.  After not seeing our waiter for over 20 minutes, we just decided to go to the bar and order a drink.  Of course, our waiter finally shows up when we get back and gets kind of snippy when he sees that we went an ordered on our own and accused us of taking up his table.  We would have preferred to order from him if he hadn't been standing around in the back chatting with friends.  The bartenders were also a bit condescending.Despite the service, the food was still quite good.  We had the Belgian onion soup and split an order of the steamed mussels.  Both were excellent.  If the wait staff were up to par, we would be glad to frequent this place more often.My friends and I stop in here late night sometimes because they have a happy hour from 10-12 on food.  Their beer selection is fantastic, one of the best I've ever seen.  I'm not usually in the business of spending $6 or $7 on a beer but this place has it all as far as brew is concerned.  The food is just ok.  The service can be even worse.  The wings/wing bites are good and are priced reasonable during happy hour.  Everything else is usually overcooked.  Unless you are a beer guru, this probably isn't the place for you.Roughly 15 years ago, the Sharp Edge was AMAZING. Five-stars. No question.Imagine...you're a poor college student looking for a cheap place to hang out with friends. Enter the Sharp Edge. It's in an edgy (pun intended) part of town, so you feel cool. The decor is ... basic. But oh, wow, there are a million beers, and the staff makes sure that you are served each beer in a correctly shaped receptacle, whether it be standard beer glass, goblet, etc. Cool!  And the pizza  is kind-of-crappy, but it's cheap, and it fits! Yay! You and your friends are happy and you still have money for another outing.Fast forward to modern times... I walk into the Sharp Edge with my party, and it's no longer a dive anymore, and it looks kind of reputable. I'm confused. I look to my right, and to my horror, I see that there is a FAMILY with CHILDREN. Nooooooo.... that's not just not right. And we all order the kind-of-crappy pizza, except that it now costs twice as much as it did back in the day, way more than for which mere inflation would account.I suppose this place appeals to a certain profitable demographic. It's not me. And I've discovered that there are suburban Sharp Edge franchises that bear no resemblance to the original bar.I don't have any recommendations on how to fix this place. I'm just sad. Good-bye Sharp Edge.First started going to this place in '99 (when the pool tables were in the back and they didn't card very much!). I'd have to say that things have gone down hill since then (post remodel) and I don't frequent as often as I used to even though I live right down the street. A visit last night only solidified my opinion that the good days at The Sharp Edge are over.I haven't been for about a year, but thought I'd give it another shot. New menu doesn't   list as much info about the beers as it once had and ok longer lists prices for pints. Seems they don't serve pints any more, but 'mason jars' that are merely 12 oz. glasses. Service while sitting at the bar was slow, even though it was not busy and there were 2 bar tenders. It actually became a running joke between myself and two guys seated next to me. Ordered a burger but decided to get it to go after becoming disenchanted. I had requested the pomme frites (up-charge from basic french fries. Just serve pomme frites) but discovered I got normal fries when I got home, but was still up-charged. Over priced for at best average food, poor service and 12 oz drafts. Not going back.I heard good things, so I planned a Friday visit with my wife and son. I really wanted to like this place.  Good beer...gourmet food... what's not to like?  And, the beer selection was really good. The folks at the bar seemed happy.Start with our waitress.  She didn't even dial it in.  Forgot to put in orders, served room temp coffee, never smiled, left the table while you were still talking, she honestly looked clinically depressed and I felt bad that she hated her life.  Other, energetic servers, walked by and asked how it was going, so at least we  had a chance to tell them what we were waiting for, which got results.  I'll bet their customers were happy.But, even it the bad service was a fluke (which I believe it was), I have to say I wasn't impressed with the food.  It wasn't bad, but it was far from gastropub standards.  It was pretty ordinary.  The Mediterranean nachos were covered in a bland white cheese sauce (I was hoping for some tangy feta, or parmesan), the olives were the pre-sliced black olives out of a can (I would have preferred Greek olives), no fresh herbs, deep fried bread, bleh.  Not worth the calories.The mussels were tasty with garlic and an abundance of cracked black pepper.  But no crusty bread to sop up the liquor in the pot.  The Belgian frittes were ordinary french fries that would accompany a cheeseburger at any local diner.I'd say go for a drink, before or after dinner, but beware the high ratings.Warhol was still able to elicit $30 from me, 24 years after his death.  But his museum barely elicited 20 minutes of my time or any reaction whatsoever.   Possibly relevant before the onset of computers and specifically Photoshop, his work is now religated the scrap heap of pre-cursor also rans.  Interestingly enough the piece we found most intriguing was Keith Haring's elephant.   While the Warhol museum is certainly a must see destination for tourists, anyone looking for inspiring art might be better served elsewhere.  Oh yeah, kudos to Ritchie Hawtin's doppelganger at the front desk...you guys killed it in Miami that one time.$20 and took an hour to go through. It was cool to learn more about Warhol, but I would not pay to come back!Unless you are a HUGE Warhol fan, skip this. It's very overpriced at $20 for an adult admission. Compared to $18 for both the Carnegie Art Museum and the Natural History Museum, it's out of line. Of course, if you adore everything Warhol ever did, make it a stop. I like his work, but am not a huge fan. However, I figured I would learn something that would make it well worth the visit. Great potential, but the time/money value just isn't there. Parking is also not a good situation. Also, they don't allow photos.This is a great museum looking for a collection. The architecture of the building is top-notch, as are the staff and gift shop. The problem is that none of Warhol's iconic works are here -- sure there's plenty of Warhol to look at, but given that this is the "Warhol Museum," one would hope that it would contain the paintings that made him iconic. It doesn't. The exhibition of his film and video work is comprehensive -- one could spend a day just viewing the various works on display. But the thing about video is that it's not the exclusive property of the museum -- it's available elsewhere if you want to find it.Overall, I was very disappointed. I expected to see a lot more than what they have.OK, so my girlfriend and I have tried to come here our last 3 visits to Burgh, and it was never open on Mondays (sucky). So needless to say my anticipation was rather built up before entering...I am not an art / culture / history buff at all, but I do know SOME of his work... pretty much all the famous stuff (Campbell's Soup Can stuff, Monroe photos, etc). What I did not know is that his intention in life was ONLY to be as famous as possible with as little effort as possible.Example 1: Most of his famous works were done using silk screening... I learned that he did the designs in a sketch (which could have been done by my 15 week old nephew), had someone else make the silk screen patterns for him, than he did the first few pieces... and let someone else make the rest after he liked them. That's B.S.Example 2: He had his own magazine called the "Interview", and I learned the only reason he started it was just to meet and hang out with stars and famous people. He really didn't care what they had to say, he just wanted to be seen with them... A good plan, but that doesn't make you an artist... Example 3: The TV show he did was God awful and he just wanted to be in front of the camera like the famous people he interviewed... Again to try and be more famous Example 4: His work really isn't that inspired... And he totally sold out to main stream media, pretty much saying, HEY! LOOK! I hang out with Elvis and Marilyn Monroe and I am doing this "Great" work, call it art, shove it down your stupid throats and make you pay millions for it!I was very unimpressed, and pissed I had to pay $20 a pop (plus parking) to see this guy make movies talking like an uneducated idiot, see tranny men deep throat bananas, walk into a room of balloons and call it "interactive" and finally, see a silk screen piece the size of the side of a barn, OF A CAMOUFLAGE PATTERN!!! And have someone say that's art...Not worth the visit... Only reason it's 2 stars instead of 1 is b/c it was 103 degrees that day in Pittsburgh and the place had free water and A.C.For any fan's of Andy Warhol please do not read on.I don't like places that have "rules".   I'm normally in the company of a very rambunctious group of kids...and I like to let my hair down and have fun when I take then out places. The Andy Warhol Museum is so uninviting. " You have to stand 2 feet away  from the art work."  There are hipster/security guards  who stare menacingly at you. Rather then offer you interesting information about the works you are viewing they just frown at you with their noses in the air. PLEASE!  I like my art interactive. I need more than just Campbell's Soup cans. The kids got bored here quick. Hell I got bored here quick.There is a nifty craft area on the basement where the little ones can put together screen prints, collages and stamp art.  Overall this place does nothing to draw me in or excite me, but It's worth a visit if only once.We took advantage of good Fridays and were able to get our tickets at half price. I'm very glad we did, because I would have been very disappointed had I paid full price. I'm glad we visited the museum, but I wouldn't revisit it. The space itself was sparse and uninviting. I get that he was an eccentric man, but I think they could've done a better job displaying his art."Meh" in my opinion.  Not a lot to see for the high price.  The iconic artwork is obviously the best part and a must-see once; beyond that, unhelpful staff, and uninviting layout.  Maybe I am spoiled having had the opportunity to visit many museums, but this one was lacking in character (surprising for the content), and the no-photo (even with no flash) rule was a turn-off for me.Now i'm not the artsiest person ever, but i'm always down to try new things so me and a few others decided to try the warhol. It was set up nicely, but they had advertised a cash bar which there definitely was not! Also while playing in the solver cloud room, we were having a blast... Not being super loud just having fun... And the lady supervising said we needed to leave because we were playing "too hard". I definitely will not be paying ten dollars to hang here again.I suppose I just don't get it.  Art. Pop Culture. Local Legend.The large museum is located just across the Andy Warhol Bridge (7th street) from downtown, with convenient parking available in a nearby lot across the street for $7.00.We went on a Friday night and took advantage of the 1/2 price admission.  It was $20 for two, instead of $40.  I'd be mad if I paid $40.As others have mentioned, you start on the 7th floor, and work your way down.There are some artsy folk who function as "security guards" on each level.  They essentially follow you around to make sure you don't touch? steal? break? something.  I found it especially annoying given that my wife and I look about as menacing as an unmasked Scooby-Doo mastermind tied up by rope.  We've been to some of the world's largest and best museums with priceless art displays everywhere and been watched less.Trust me, I'm not going to shove the Campbell's soup can picture down my pants.  The silver cloud balloons are safe.  The 50ft wide poster will not fit in my car.The majority of the freehand drawing and original artwork seemed weak to me.  Much of his work appears to be derivatives in many ways.  So perhaps it's a mashup of an advertising poster with artwork on top of it.  Or perhaps its a rubber stamp applied 150 times to a canvas. Or a film-clip video with each frame of a few second scene displayed on a print.  Or a gun photographed at two angles, and combined.The thing that bothers me here is that the majority of it is simply rearranging or combining media.  And yes, maybe THE METHODS for doing so were novel at the time.  But in today's world of very easy media manipulation, I think audiences are harder to impress.I'm more impressed by the Photoshop battles on reddit!Maybe I just don't get it.  I'll try to work on that. :)I guess Tom Hanks said it best in the movie, Big..."I don't get it."It surprises me that this guy has an entire museum for himself.  Let alone the fact that he was beyond weird and eccentric to the point I might have nightmares...his art is just something I can't appreciate. I know that's a sin here in Pittsburgh, but I can't honestly compare his art to other great artists and keep a straight face. Maybe that means pop art isn't for me - but if you're into a mix of Tim Burton meets A Clockwork Orange meets computer nerd sprinkled with a heaping tablespoon of weird, then check this place out.  For my money, there are better museums in Pittsburgh.Went for their free Friday night on 1/23 as no admission fee with advertised DJ and cash bar.  Good except no DJ was there and they do not allow you to enjoy the museum with your beverage, your forced to stay on the first floor lobby.  What's the purpose then?  Boring.  Standing around the lobby with a buy of guys holding their you know what, checking out the pretty girls who come and go, my wife included.  Good idea but they need to better execute to make the Friday night more enjoyable.  Don't worry Warhol folks, no one is going to throw their Chardonnay, ruining one of your glass covered exhibits.Was visiting Pittsburgh for a business trip. Ending up looking up things to do & this came up. I was pretty excited to go because I love Warhols work. But I found it pretty expensive to get in. I also was kind of disappointed with the selection that they had. I didn't like that you couldn't take photos. I mean cmon really??I really REALLY R*E*A*L*L*Y want to like this place.  Truly I do.  But the staff/ownership just keep throwing roadblocks in the way.  The biscotti is pretty damn good, but the staff seem to be TRAINED to act annoyed, uninterested, arrogant and condescending.  We go to the Strip twice a month.  Love shopping down there.  A visit to EB three weeks ago was our last one.    My wife inquired about the price of an almond specialty that has varied in price over the last few months.  The clerk -- a middle-aged guy -- made an audible sigh and rolled his eyes before answering.  That, to me, was a pretty clear "f--- you" from the staff.  IF the price had been posted, I MIGHT understand the reaction...  And that's only one of what's been a regular series of events with EB.   And for us, it's been the last.  I'll buy biscotti from the vendors in front of Penn Mac.   At least they act as if they care about their patrons.  I wish 'em luck.  I really do.So like....am I missing something here?We walked in the door, and the place smelled AMAAAAAZING, like a huge pot of rich chocolate simmering away.  I was super psyched to eat some biscotti - we got a half dozen, and they were very well priced (like $7.50 for six, i think?)  All well so far.So then we get home, eat dinner, and we are pumped for dessert.  How surprised and disappointed we were to find that the biscotti were totally plain.  Though we had gotten six different, very unique-sounding flavors, we could not distinguish one from the other.  The texture was great, but it tasted like what I can only describe as "plain biscotti."I'd love to give more stars to a local business, but like....it was just plain.  Barely a hint of flavor.  I'm totally not making this up or trying to be bratty or snobby - I'm not exaggerating at all.  The stuff was totally boring.I see another reviewer here said exactly what I said, so I know it isn't just me.  Maybe we've been on a bad day?  I'd be willing to give it one more try, but if it's plain again - then me and Enrico's are done.Have you ever been served by someone who's drunk? Well....I have.... I'm not talking about your drunk friend wobbling over to hand you a plate of food out of her kitchen. Or the bartender who's drinking along with you. I'm talking about an actual server at a restaurant...for lunch. If I didn't find it so amusing I would have been SO irritated. Thankfully, it's just one of those times you're just a spectator in a funny comedy of errors. I've been served by this woman before, and it seems that she may be an owner or manager. Someone who's obviously able to imbibe on the wine during work hours. Oh, and she was definitely tipsy last time...this time....it was party time drunk! So Drunky McDrunkster kept forgetting to bring us our drinks, our water and our bread. She also messed up our orders by forgetting what they were and then running back to find out what we had asked for. Then our orders came and both my friends "sangaweeches" where wrong. They were gracious enough to just eat them and not care. They agreed that they weren't bad, but they weren't t life changing either. Everyone wants a life changing meal! I've been here once before for lunch as well and wasn't too impressed. I got the pasta vodka the first time and it was ok. Not mind blowing...obviously how I like my pasta to be! This time I just ordered an anti pasta salad. I thought it was an interesting twist to add dried cranberries and walnuts with absolutely no cheese (boo!). The bread was actually really delish! That was probably my favorite part...well...other than the drunk server. The really surprising part about McDrunkster is that the wine they sell is NOT good. They've started to make their own and it just tasted as if the ingredients didn't mesh like they should. I've meet a couple wine's I don't particularly like, but I've never meet a wine I can't even stand to sip. I'll take my cheap Yellow Tail if that's the case! So more power to you lady, if you can enjoy your job, with a bottle of wine included daily. I just don't think I'll be back to eat. Maybe just spectate!I've eaten here before and haven't had a really bad experience. Yesterday my friend found a piece of chewed gum inside her napkin.

Sauces-The Mustard was the best and very favorable, the others aren't bad but nothing special.

We thought WHY NOT!?!?, Yelpers dont lets us down....I was sadly mistaken...read on....2 Stars - Dont want to bore you with details so lemme break it down...We do this one FOOD/SERVICE/PRICES - If you are industry, nuff said...FOOD - Nothing particularly special at all, salad was regular (easy on the vinegar chef!!!), the KIMCHEE was not that good (A little too fonkay), and to top it off....the meat was not that good.YES LET ME SAY THIS AGAIN........

Only book this hotel if you want to same some money.  If not, there are many other options in Las Vegas.I first stayed here 20 years ago and I thought the room was incredible...that was 20 years ago. When I checked in here the woman at the front desk encouraged me to pay 20 bucks to upgrade my room to the newly remodeled tower. I was not going to do it but she then said, "Everyone in your group did the upgrade and you want to be near them!" Nothing like a little peer pressure at the front desk. So I took the upgrade. I could not believe that my room had been recently remodeled...it still seemed old. I probably got suckered into the upgrade so the hotel could make more money. The room is very big...there was also a powder room and a large bathroom. I could have probably lived in the bathroom, if I wanted too. I really did not need the powder room but if my wife was with me she would have definitely enjoyed this. My iron was complete broken...it looked like someone cracked the metal and the water was leaking out of it. I called down to housekeeping and received a brand new iron...that made me feel special. Also someone Australian Guy left his money, air travel documents and passport in my safe. The hotel had to send up two security guards to remove the items...it felt like one of those movies where I get whacked because I knew too much...I called my co-worker when they arrived and told them if they lost contact with me to run for there life and call the police. There are so many hotels in Vegas...I would only stay here in the future if I had to stay with my group or if the rooms were free.Something positive to say... LOCATION IS GREAT!!As for everything else... Where to start?  When we checked in, long process.  There was a huge line and there were only 3 front desk attendents.  It would have been nice if there was a bit more help.  The room, we were located in the North Tower.  From my understanding  these are the "updated" rooms.  The room looked okay... It was nothing special.  It looked like a room at the Best Western.  For someone who doesn't care about the room itself, I would recomend Bally's.  If you actually care about where you lay your head, then yes... Dont come here.I guess you get what you pay for! Ugh, this place is DISGUSTING. Got a regular room for about $90 on hotels.com. I was thinking it couldn't be THAT bad, but boyyy...it was. The carpets are so dirty that I will not touch my bare feet on it. The sheets/duvet/covers are those old style flower ones, which makes me wonder how long they've been there for. Sound proofing is HORRIBLE--I can hear people walking in the hallway outside and I can hear weird ticking noises while I was trying to fall asleep.Okay, I'll stop complaining now. At least their bathrooms are decently sized!Just checked in to room and very disappointed. The furnishings were all cheap, ugly and old. The television was a 27" tube not flat screen and they wanted to charge $14/day for internet access.The entire place seemed just a little shabby. As if they couldn't be bothered to put in the extra effort. Probably stay here again, with so many other places that are a better value or more interesting.Ugh, a casino.

The table service was below average.  Plates weren't cleared promptly, and drinks weren't refilled quickly.  The older gentleman that was slicing meat, however, rendered the best service I had anywhere all weekend.  He was awesome: friendly, attentive and funny.  It's just too bad he was slicing up dry and flavorless meat!There is so much hype around Studio B with billboards claiming it's the "Best Buffet IN Vegas." Best? I think not. It's $40 for weekends seafood buffet from 11am to 9pm. It is definitely not worth the $40. Take that money and go to the Wynn buffet. Kalbi short ribs were soooo salty. It wasn't even tolerable by downing a lot of water. I had to spit it out onto a napkin because it was just sodium overload. I got really excited when I saw the sashimi salad with huge chunks of salmon sashimi. But the salmon was hard and not buttery soft. I felt like they took it from the freezer.  The lobster bisque and chicken noodle soups were both really salty. After 2 plates of disappointment, I slowed down and stopped eating. Such a disappointment after all that hype. The presentation of the food definitely looks better than it tastes. I was so excited upon entering because I thought the quality & taste would be comparable to other buffets in the same price range. After a few bites, I was proven wrong. Only plus is all you can drink in terms of wine, beer, coffee and etc. But ehhh skip Studio B unless you're here for breakfast or a weekday lunch/dinner. $40 is just NOT worth it.I went yesterday for lunch. I paid $17.00 for the lunch buffet and was surprised by how small it was. At a buffet I like to taste EVERYTHING, by not fixing my plate as if it's my last meal. The only thing I enjoyed was BBQ ribs, mac n cheese, brussels sprouts, mini hoison wings, lo mein, and the beef taquitos. That isn't much for a buffet. I did enjoy the mini creme brulee and mini flourless cake. I hear a lot more excitement about dinner so I'll have to try it next. Lunch....not so grand.I would like to start  by saying the visit started with a two hour wait and the cattle fence was not even half full when we arrived! Without a doubt the worst line of any in Las Vegas. Now to the food, overpriced, cold, empty dishes in the food lines and once again customer service was terrible. This could be a nice place if the management cared about the customers paying the bills. The only plus to this mediocre eatery has alcohol that was added to give the illusion that customers were enjoying themselves. Being a non-drinker this buffet has nothing to offer out of the ordinary.Went on a Sunday afternoon for Lunch and it was like $50 bucks. They had (dry) crab legs, peeled shrimp, and their open soft bar (draft beer and wine), but $50 bucks for any buffet = no thx.Writing this review more for my own reference to not come back here for the Seafood buffet than anything else...What the HECK!!!

1. We waited close to 40 minutes for our food to arrive after we ordered it.

They do have a full service bar and a wine list. The food quality is below par and the price is more on the expensive side.I'm glad I had a 50.00 food voucher, otherwise it would have been very disappointing.Mediocre at best.. went there since it was in NY/NY and we were staying there.  Hungry and in the mood for Italian we went in... Service was good, the bread was awesome..Vegetable pizza dry, and without much flavor...  The swordfish was pretty good but again not much flavor.. keep in mind we had just arrived in Vegas and were hungry and tired and excited and didn't have any alcohol in our system... to me this is the time I would eat and enjoy just about anything!!... it was still mediocre at best..  Wouldn't recommend it and definitely not going to eat there again.Il Fornaio - New York, New York Casino We have been to and heard of many Il Fornaio locations and we wanted to grab a quick Panino and a bowl of soup at the mid day mark to hold us over until later on. We shared a Salami Panino (Panini is plural before you criticize....) & also a bowl of the lentil soup. I have to say.... OK at best is being nice....The panino came in a plastic wrapper and had little to no taste... also we found out as we were leaving that we could have had it toasted... hello... that's the idea.... The soup came in a cardboard "to-go" container and was again just ok... and it was warm at best... Just not what I would expect from NY, NY and spending $15.... just not overly pleased with this. I guess when the bread they used hit the water we drank it expanded like an inner tube and we were full...Mission accomplished.... I think....I came here with my parents before going to see Zumanity because it didn't have a wait time. I should have just waited the 30 minutes to be seated somewhere else.DRINKS:

* Wife likes the slot machines at this casino, thus we stayed here.Overall, not the best weekend stay, but have had worse.The place was absolutely beautiful. But when we went to gamble the dealers had absolutely no personality whatsoever.  compared to everywhere else  we gambled on it was a very uncomfortable situation and we left immediatelyMany would probably frown about giving an outrageously low 2 stars for this highly favored hotel on the strip but let me quickly state at the beginning that I have stayed at the Bellagio and at Wynn Macau and this hotel is in no way up to those standards.

It was my 1st time at the Comerica Theater, and I have to say its kinda left me with a eh impression, guess it's going to have to be a big act to make me think about coming back. It was very warm in the place and yea I was up on the balcony level, and the staff just kept saying yea the heat rises and even stated if I was at the theater in July or August it would have been well past 100 degrees up there.  Really?? We are 2012, can't we figure out how to provide AC for the entire venue, I have been to events in the summer that's in enclosed tents that have more AC going on,,,and it's a TENT..I'm sure something can be done, I don't like being hot when watching a show because all I am thinking about is getting out of this hot joint.  Ok enough about that.
