Morgan Stanley Dean Witter reports 16 percent drop in fiscal first-quarter earnings; posts earnings of $848 million compared with $1.02 billion year earlier; says revenue from investment banking fell 30 percent from year ago, to $675 million, and its revenue from advising companies on mergers and acquisitions was down 35 percent, to $292 million (M)
In April, Pfizer, under pressure from the F.D.A., withdrew Bextra and placed severe warnings about heart risks on the label for Celebrex, a sister pill.
Vice President Dick Cheney was chief executive of Halliburton at the time.
''The newspaper industry has had, since the invention of television, a weakening circulation picture,'' said John Morton, an industry analyst who runs his own company, Morton Research Inc. ''Up until the 1990's, it just meant that circulation didn't grow as fast as households.
Only three days before it is scheduled to begin shipping Windows 98, the Microsoft Corporation is girding for an escalating round of lawsuits that could block the release of the latest version of its operating system and impose profound limits on the company's freedom to add features to future generations of Windows.
But while Intuit had come to view bill processing as a costly distraction, Checkfree said that adding Intuit's operations would be a cost-effective way of expanding its own main line of business.
The deal comes a month after the 3Com Corporation's $6.6 billion acquisition of the U.S. Robotics Corporation, and like that deal is intended to broaden Ascend's arsenal in the battle with Cisco Systems Inc., the market leader in the fast-growing networking business.
Judge Stuart R Pollak allows class-action lawsuit to proceed against Microsoft Corp in California based on allegations that company used its monopoly to harm consumers in state (S)
New federal rules allowing customers to keep their cellphone numbers when they move from one wireless carrier to another are going into effect, and they are expected to intensify industry's brutal marketing wars, aggressive price competition and heated technological one-upmanship; will probably hasten what is seen as inevitable consolidation of industry by making it easier to change providers; chart gives subscription data and chief selling points of six largest companies -- Verizon, Cingular, AT&T Wireless, Sprint, Nextel and T-Mobile -- along with analysts' views on their chances for survival; photo (M)
2 Time Warner Mergers Facing Peril in Europe
Much of the drop came March 12 after Oracle reported third-quarter earnings that essentially matched analysts' expectations, but data-base and application revenue fell short.
Coincidentally, it was exactly two years ago yesterday that Interpublic first disclosed signs of the problems that subsequently grew into one of the worst bouts of financial difficulties and accounting irregularities ever to plague a major agency company.
In the letter, dated June 27, 2002, the businessman, Raymond Drude, a vice president at Jani-King, one of the nation's largest cleaning companies, urged Mr. Scott to investigate why Wal-Mart was ''choosing non-tax paying illegal aliens over local janitorial companies and their employees.''
He also compared Microsoft to a baseball team that had stolen game signals from the other side.
James F. Parker unexpectedly resigned yesterday as chief executive of Southwest Airlines, the largest low-fare carrier in the country.
Still, airline-industry analysts called the Airbus decision a defeat for Boeing in its effort to sell an updated version of its 737.
And even though Time Warner is more than triple AOL's size by revenue, AOL is still growing so quickly the combined company should be far zippier than Time Warner is alone.
Carrefour, which is the largest foreign retailer in China by sales, with more than $2 billion, has been expanding much more aggressively than Wal-Mart.
Yet even by the measure of number of visitors to its Internet sites, Microsoft trails America Online badly.
''The real significance is that circuit-switching is a very limited technology and a proprietary technology,'' Donald J. Listwin, a Cisco executive vice president who manages the company's relationship with big communications carriers, said yesterday in an interview.
But yesterday, trying to derail their rivals' network computer drive, Microsoft and Intel announced that they would develop their own specifications for network computers closer to conventional PC's -- a set of standards called the NetPC.
Verizon also raised the breakup fee -- the amount MCI would have to pay to break their deal -- to $240 million, from $200 million.
Her complaint, which still has not been filed publicly, also accuses Morgan Stanley of retaliating against her after the firm had learned that she was contemplating a discrimination lawsuit.
Miguel Poiares Maduro, advocate general on European Court of Justice, offers preliminary opinion that could lead to billions of euros in tax refunds to companies at time when many European governments can least afford them; says British tax authorities erred in denying retail chain Marks & Spencer right to offset losses incurred in other European Union countries in its British tax filing; governments throughout Europe might face threat to their already hard-pressed budgets; Marks & Spencer has been seeking tax refund of more than 30 million pounds ($56.4 million), since 2001 from Inland Revenue, British tax agency, to compensate it for losses in Belgium, Germany and France that it was not able to claim in those countries; sixty other companies have filed claims similar to Marks & Spencer's in British courts, and opinion could become legal precedent for them; those companies include British Telecom and three American companies with large operations in Britain, H J Heinz, PepsiCo and Caterpillar; photo (M)
One of Microsoft's demonstrations showed how the new technology reduces ''buffer delay,'' which often makes listening to or watching things on the Internet a frustrating experience.
The American Express Company said yesterday that it would make changes to a campaign about Andy Roddick losing and finding his ''mojo'' after his first-round defeat at the United States Open tennis tournament.
Cisco was by no means the only big technology darling left to dance alone early in the year.
Joyce Oberdorf, an Aetna spokeswoman, said the company ''did not wish to speculate'' on the outcome of the S.E.C.
''There have been doubters before about I.B.M.
The settlement resolves a lawsuit filed in 2002 by Overture Services, a company that pioneered the sale of advertising linked to Web search results; Yahoo acquired Overture in 2003.
If she fails, the company will revert to Northern Trust's control.
Procter announced in January that its sales had fallen 4 percent in the previous quarter from the period a year earlier.
AT&T badly needs access to Time Warner's cable lines so it can offer its local phone service in areas where Time Warner is the cable operator.
Even if the strike ended on Tuesday, some analysts argue, the loss volume would be difficult to recoup because General Motors is scheduled to head into its two-week summer shutdown.
Shakeout of World Wide Web publishers has been gathering momentum for at least year as Internet advertising has failed to grow quickly enough and users continue to balk at paying for much on-line material; battle seems to be evolving into war of attrition, with those with least resolve or resources dropping out first; some media giants, including Time Warner Inc, continue to lose heavily on Web ventures while awaiting medium's success (M)
In addition to the monetary penalty, settlement terms include a restatement of Xerox's financial results from 1997 through 2000 and the appointment of a committee composed entirely of Xerox's outside directors to review its accounting controls and policies.
Scott Reames, a spokesman for Nike in Beaverton, Ore., minimized what he described as ''the Rucker ruckus,'' saying that ''Nike makes no claim to be associated with the E.B.C.,'' and the company ''sponsored the Rucker Park tournament in the past, as recently as last year.''
Until the end of April, Apple will toss in an extra 64 megabytes of RAM or a copy of the Connectix Corporation's Virtual PC software, with Windows 98, at no extra charge.
Boeing's stock was battered last year in the wake of production problems at its flagship commercial airplane division in late 1997, which forced the company to halt production of its 747 and 737 jetliners for a month.
But analysts also said that the problems at Frontier had mushroomed recently as the company swiftly expanded into new markets.
Obstacle Is Cleared For AT&T
But few Disney watchers expressed doubt that the gloves would soon come off as Mr. Eisner readies a response to the Comcast Corporation's unsolicited bid.
Cans from Dunkirk that were shipped to Belgium and Luxembourg may have picked up phenol and other chemicals used to protect shipping pallets, Coca-Cola said, but French authorities who tested both cans and pallets from Dunkirk said they had found no trace of such impurities.
Apple executives said business conditions would probably remain difficult in the current quarter, expecting a ''slight profit'' with revenues about the same level as in the December quarter.
Netflix has $175 million in cash and is carrying no debt, Mr. Hastings noted, and it has ''no desire or need to be acquired.''
Mr. Steinberg, a partner at Irell & Manella in Los Angeles, wrote the patent for the data-compression technology that became the center of a legal dispute between Microsoft and Stac Electronics Inc., which Mr. Steinberg represented.
What struck investors about Home Depot's 2006 annual meeting was not just its beat-the-clock brevity, but the fact that Mr. Nardelli tossed aside such rituals as a discussion of the retailer's performance and the presence of board members up for re-election.
And not lost on anyone is the fact that Microsoft is moving into the hometown of the Netscape Communications Corporation, whose David-and-Goliath struggle with Microsoft is at the heart of the Government's antitrust suit against Mr. Ballmer's company.
Ms. Clark, the Wal-Mart representative, said the project's secrecy was a reason to doubt its credibility.
But, portions of settlements that are classified as compensatory damages can be, according to Boeing and government lawyers.
The board rejected the Comcast Corporation's unsolicited bid to acquire AT&T's cable operation but also delayed its own plan to spin off the cable unit as an independent company.
Broadcom Corp files filing suit to block Intel Corp from selling products that Broadcom says are linked to theft of its trade secrets; Intel filed suit in August, charging Broadcom with infringing its patents on cable and high-speed networking products; graph (S)
Mr. Sullivan filed the brief after Pfizer, which acquired Warner-Lambert in 2000, asked the court to throw out the case, arguing that Dr. Franklin had not proved that the company violated the law.
A Few Worries For Wal-Mart In Sales Report
Auditor Finds No Fraud In Xerox's Annual Report
The $4.5 million covers back pay and raises for about 4,400 women and 1,000 minority workers at 10 Boeing  operations across the country, the company said.
Saying that its 200 inspectors made 12,000 monitoring visits last year, Wal-Mart said: ''If a violation is observed, Wal-Mart works constructively with suppliers so their factories correct the problems.
Mark Anderson, publisher of The Strategic News Service, a technology newsletter, who reported problems with Amazon's checkout system, said Amazon's revenues would suffer.
Worse still, United Healthcare's announcement, unexpected by Wall Street analysts and investors, raised serious questions as to whether H.M.O.
Many auto industry analysts argue that General Motors is making the Buick here, and cooperating with China's demands that it bring up-to-date auto technology for a luxury car, because it was the only way to get into China's car-assembly market.
''This is bad news at a bad time for the Ford Motor Company,'' said Clarence M. Ditlow, executive director of the Center for Auto Safety in Washington.
Mattel officials say they are not surprised. ''
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 18 (By The New York Times) -- The Microsoft Corporation and Sun Microsystems Inc. sparred today over the meaning of a Federal judge's ruling on a motion for clarification in Sun's lawsuit against Microsoft over its use of the Java language.
And Boeing, facing serious production problems of its own, has sent more than 300 people here to learn how it's done.
But a proposed new media law here could weaken his long-held lock on Italian television, and in the process help Mr. Murdoch, the chairman and chief executive of the News Corporation, which owns Sky Italia, Italy's sole satellite provider.
Steven A Ballmer, chief executive of Microsoft Corp, becomes object of some ridicule in programming community after he is videotaped at internal corporate pep rally, bounding about to Gloria Estefan song and screaming about how much he loves Microsoft; photo (M)
CISCO CHIEF SAYS OUTLOOK IS GRIM
The new strategy means ''there will be no single mega-event once every two or three years,'' said Gilbert F. Amelio, Apple's chairman and chief executive.
But those trades were placed through Bank of America and it is not clear whether Alliance knew of the Canary trades, according to an executive briefed on the investigation.
There are, of course, other options besides a forced change in the Microsoft browser and a continuing legal fight.
Other analysts say that the restatement causes discomfort about Xerox's future numbers.
For now, Pfizer's poor output has led analysts and industry critics to wonder whether its far-flung research operations, which encompass eight major campuses with 14,000 scientists on three continents, are simply too large to work efficiently.
Rogue program called SQL Slammer affects servers running Microsoft software that had not been updated with patch--issued months ago--to fix vulnerability; worm hinders operations of hundreds of thousands of computers, slows Internet traffic and even disrupts thousands of ATM machines; some of Microsoft's internal servers are affected, and service to users of Microsoft Network is significantly slowed; disruption is particularly embarrassing for Microsoft, which has been preaching gospel of secure computing (M)
Ultimately, the local telephone companies may need to look for a technological edge that takes advantage of the fact they they -- not long-distance companies like AT&T -- have a direct connection to each customer's home.
''But every month he is working as Treasury secretary, he is losing money by not working at Goldman Sachs.''
LAST January, when Robert A. Lutz described future-car designs at the Detroit auto show as ''angry kitchen appliances,'' his put-down no doubt included vehicles from General Motors, which was widely derided for its bizarre Pontiac Aztek.
Lawyers and Wall Street analysts say that Merck could eventually face more than 50,000 lawsuits.
Intel executives also blamed the revenue shortfall on lower-than-expected prices.
Technicians prepare to install parts of the new system, said Jerry Edgerton, president of the federal services group at Verizon, and ''the next thing you know, we get trouble reports because somebody has disconnected something that they had no authority to do.''
Short sellers, who benefit from any bad news that hurts the prices of stocks they bet on, have pummeled Marriott shares in recent weeks, partly on concerns about CBM.
Many of these companies, which include AT&T and Covad Communications, have already complained that Verizon has sought to restrict their access to work sites.
He declared that Mr. Rost's lawsuit was without merit because Pfizer had told the F.D.A.
Upon consideration of the court's Findings of Fact (''Findings''), filed herein on Nov. 5, 1999, as amended on Dec. 21, 1999, the proposed conclusions of law submitted by the parties, the briefs of amici curiae, and the argument of counsel thereon, the court concludes that Microsoft maintained its monopoly power by anticompetitive means and attempted to monopolize the Web browser market, both in violation of Section 2.
But as the early news photographs showed nearly deserted Main Streets at Disney's parks in California and Florida, investors were badly alarmed, even though the company says that attendance is now rebounding.
''It's very hard on our organization to see the firm's name look bad in the public domain day after day,'' said Philip J. Purcell, Morgan Stanley's chairman and chief executive, in an interview.
The companies also settled a lawsuit in which Kodak accused Imation and 3M of buying trade secrets from a Kodak employee in 1992.
But Mr. Gordon, Mr. McDarby's lawyer, responded that Mr. Lanier had handled questions about Merck's liability for both plaintiffs throughout the case and was the only lawyer prepared to cross-examine Merck's witnesses in the punitive phase.
Two former executives of the Bristol-Myers Squibb Company were indicted yesterday on conspiracy and securities fraud charges related to a wholesale inventory manipulation that artificially inflated company revenues by millions of dollars.
The announcement of the cutbacks, most of which will be in Southern California, comes a month after the planned acquisition of Northrop by Lockheed Martin collapsed in the face of Government antitrust concerns.
''Wal-Mart Stores did miss their plan as our customer continues to be impacted by higher gas prices and it is difficult to improve our expense leverage in the current environment,'' the chief executive, H. Lee Scott Jr., said in a statement.
Separately, Fitch Ratings downgraded Time Warner's bonds one notch, from BBB+ to BBB, because of the additional debt the company is expected to take on from its newly planned $20 billion share buyback and its acquistion of Adelphia Communications.
The moves include the departure of Daniel L. Rosensweig, the chief operating officer since April 2003, and the resignation of Lloyd Braun, the former ABC executive who has run Yahoo's media group.
''Right now, the company's biggest problem is that its image has fallen in the eyes of consumers,'' said Shinsuke Tanimoto, an analyst at Moody's in Tokyo.
General Motors and Ford Motor said today that they would cut car and truck production in the fourth quarter by as much as 7 percent because vehicles were piling up unsold in inventory.
General Mills is also changing how it will pay its agencies.
''Does Microsoft realize the damaging impact its pricing policy could have on British business?''
This week, the commission told the firm's lawyers that they had until Monday to settle the matter or risk being sued immediately, one Morgan Stanley executive said.
Although the details of Aon's accounting questions remain unknown, some analysts said that they did not appear to be as grave as those raised at some other companies.
In addition, the American companies worried about having to give up intellectual property rights if they were forced to work with Chinese companies that would eventually become their competitors in the global market.
''These environmental damages are PetroEcuador's responsibility,'' said Chris Gidez, public and government affairs representative for ChevronTexaco, leafing through color pictures of pits of burning oil and contaminated streams at PetroEcuador sites.
General Motors Corp says two strikes in Michigan that have crippled its car and truck production are illegal, taking unusually hard stance against its national union over local walkouts; company says it will seek to take United Automobile Workers to expedite arbitration and wants response from union within 48 hours; company also plans to block payments of unemployment benefits to idled workers (M)
The magazine describes General Motors as the ''brand killer from Detroit,'' using ''Wild West'' methods.
Taubman Centers, shopping mall empire founded by A Alfred Taubman, rejects $1.7 billion takeover bid from rival Simon Property Group as inadequate; Simon Property joined last week with Westfield America, which is controlled by Australian mall owner Westfield Holdings, to make its latest bid of $20 per share, up from its previously rejected offer of $18 per share; Taubman Centers chief executive Robert S Taubman reiterates that company is not for sale (S)
Shares of Disney continued to run far ahead of the offer price, closing yesterday at $26.90, but Comcast is betting that Disney's stock will fall below the bid price as time passes and no new bidder emerges.
But Citigroup's chief financial officer, Todd S. Thomson, said that the bank did not believe revenue problems were threatening its financial health.
FirstEnergy, one of the largest electric utilities in the nation, with operations in Ohio, Pennsylvania and New Jersey, tried yesterday to deflect blame for the widespread power failure, saying there were problems in other parts of the nation's electrical system before its lines began to fail.
''Aetna is shifting from a bias on size to a bias on profitability,'' said Dr. John W. Rowe, the company's chairman and chief executive.
Alluding to Microsoft's long and bitter struggle against antitrust regulators, Mr. Smith said that its cooperation with the Federal Trade Commission in this case represented ''a more constructive public dialogue with government.''
The consensus estimate among Wall Street analysts was for Apple to lose $1.22 a share on an operating basis, according to First Call, but the loss fell within the range of 65 cents to $1.60 among 24 analysts polled.
Mr. Breen's decision to leave Motorola is a serious setback for the company, the second-largest mobile phone maker, and its chief executive, Christopher B. Galvin, analysts said.
While most tobacco-related lawsuits have sought billions of dollars in punitive damages, this suit, filed in Federal District Court in Brooklyn, asks that Philip Morris USA, the maker of Marlboro cigarettes and a unit of Altria, be required to pay for low-dose CT scan tests, a new method for identifying potentially cancerous lesions in the lungs.
Executives close to Honeywell are weighing whether to file a lawsuit against G.E.
Allied with Nokia, Ericsson and Motorola in developing the Symbian platform, Psion is battling the Microsoft Corporation over what analysts expect to be a booming market in Internet-linked mobile devices.
Shares of Motorola, which skidded on Monday on word of the deal, tumbled again today, losing $6.5625, to close at $86.625 in heavy trading.
Another Morgan Stanley Executive Resigns
Verizon did not say how many new customers it had for its high-end service, leading skeptics to conclude that early demand had been weak.
Boeing's former chief financial officer, Michael Sears, has also pleaded guilty in the case.
Financial stocks also fell, with American Express losing $1.71, to $36.20, and Citigroup dropping $1, to $42.70.
Distributor Accuses Coca-Cola Enterprises of Fraud
Carol J Loomis, reporter and member of board of editors of Time Warner's Fortune magazine wrote article as magazine's deadline approached that James E Dimon, president of Citigroup, would ascend to position of director of Citigroup's Global Capital division; Dimon, however, resigned next day, Monday; Wall Street Journal also published an article on Monday that Dimon was being groomed for post of chairman; Loomis comments; Dimon photo (M)
ExxonMobil is ready to spend $4 billion over five years to develop large offshore oil and gas fields in far eastern Russia; project, which could grow to $12 billion over its life of 30 to 40 years, will be Russia's largest single foreign investment so far; ExxonMobil began exploring fields, off Sakhalin Island in Sea of Okhotsk north of Japan, in 1996, but as recently as May, company executives were saying future of project was in doubt because of tax issues (M)
In its 30-page filing, Microsoft stated that the case ''went badly awry from the outset,'' referring to Judge Jackson's decision to permit the government to add additional evidence after the suit was filed in May 1998.
Mr. Maffei, recalled one person who attended the meeting, stood up and delivered a brief lecture on businesses that Microsoft was likely to avoid.
A federal judge in Michigan issued a ruling yesterday in the Simon Property Group's legal battle for Taubman Centers, but it did little to resolve the dispute.
Sun's complaint to European competition regulators in 1998 led to the commission's investigation of Microsoft.
EBay Says Its Crackdown on Fraud Is Showing Results
But last week, the District Attorney's office said it was dropping all charges against Mr. Curry and instead was making both Morgan Stanley and Mr. Luethke subjects of the investigation.
Robert W. Croce, the chairman of Cordis, the unit at Johnson & Johnson responsible for making stents, vows not to make the same mistakes again.
China is facing growing international pressure to prove that its food exports are safe to eat weeks after tainted Chinese pet food ingredients killed and sickened thousands of dogs and cats in US; some of America's biggest food companies, like Kraft Foods, are lobbying US government to press China to improve its food safety measures; Kraft, Kellogg and other food companies have said they are reviewing their food safety procedures and upgrading equipment; these executives worry that another scare involving China could set off consumer backlash against Chinese or foreign imports and reverse trend that has made large food makers increasingly dependent on processed ingredients from developing countries; recent recalls of other Chinese products discussed; photo (L)
A.T.& T. has said it expects its card program to have a lower level of profitability than banks' programs.
That would leave Xerox with just 25 percent of FujiXerox.
Last July, Boeing was denied more than $1 billion in Pentagon orders after it was found in possession of proprietary documents from Lockheed Martin, but those documents were related to a 1998 competition to develop a rocket for military satellites rather than to the next-generation satellite program itself.
Ms. Oberdorf, the Aetna spokeswoman, said the company did not expect to take any additional charges for restructuring moves ''in the foreseeable future.''
The union, which agreed on a three-year contract with General Motors of Canada last week, said its 12,900 members at Ford would go on strike if no deal was reached by Oct. 1.
Microsoft Corp tells European Commission that it will forgo its right to a hearing in December, offering strong signal that it wants to settle its antitrust case in Europe; hearing might have been confrontational; withholding by Microsoft of technical information needed to interface its software with rivals' still poses severe obstacle to settlement (M)
An advantage Intel would hold in this circumstance is that it could  select any appeals court in the country, trying to find a court it might believe is least sympathetic to F.T.C.
Seoul District Court rejects suit by French manufacturer Dassault Aviation demanding disqualification of Boeing Co as winner of contract to build 40 fighter planes for South Korean Air Force at cost of more than $4 billion; says there is no reason to disqualify Boeing just because it raised price of its bid and did not guarantee that South Korean manufacturers would produce as much of plane as stipulated by South Korea's defense ministry (S)
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter suspends two executives in connection with $10,000 payment to informer Charles Luethke that led to arrest of Christian Curry, former employee; says it made 'mistake in judgment' last year when it paid Luethke to set up police sting operation against Curry, who had been dismissed; Curry adds false arrest to his discrimination lawsuit demanding $1.35 billion in compensation; Morgan Stanley pledges firm's cooperation in District Atty's investigation into $10,000 payment; suspended executives are reported to be Carol Bernheim, lawyer, and Monroe Sonneborn, managing director (M)
If Judge Hardin does allow her to testify, Merck may immediately appeal the ruling to a higher state court, possibly forcing the trial to stop while the higher court considers the issue, lawyers for both sides said.
The authority's real estate advisers also notified the third-place bidder, a joint venture of Boston Properties and Brookfield Financial Properties, that the deal with Vornado had collapsed.
James Murdoch, son of chairman of News Corp, Rupert Murdoch, stuns listeners at business conference by disparaging Falun Gong, religion group that has been banned by Chinese government, and criticizing Western news organizations for portraying China in harsh light; comments are interpreted by some human rights advocates as effort by young Murdoch, who heads News Corp's Asian division, to ingratiate company with Chinese leaders because of company's extensive business plans with China; News Corp spokesman says company has no position on these issues; News Corp's plans in China are centered on greater distribution of its satellite television sevice, Star TV (M)
Gypsy groups say they will sue IBM, asserting that its tabulating machines helped Nazi Germany track and identify people killed during Holocaust; estimated 600,000 gypsies are believed to have died at hands of Nazis (S)
''This is a victory for the tens of thousands of doctors who were lied to by Merck about the dangers of Vioxx.''
Aetna Inc., the nation's largest health insurer, is in preliminary talks to try to settle its share of a host of lawsuits that attack core marketing and operating practices of the H.M.O.
The Labor Department opened its investigation in response to an article in The New York Times about the complaints of a group of several hundred former Halliburton employees who contended that Halliburton had wrongly deprived them of part of their pensions.
And Motorola Inc. said it would cut 2,000 jobs amid another revenue shortfall.
This time, according to Harold W. Burlingame, AT&T's  senior vice president for human resources, the company expects the percentage of people choosing the buyout to be lower.
Just yesterday, the two largest toy makers, Mattel Inc. and Hasbro Inc., warned that the decline in business from Toys ''R'' Us, their biggest customer, would result in first-quarter sales coming in below expectations.
The largest is Coca-Cola Enterprises, which has responsibility for Belgium, France, the Netherlands and Luxembourg, where Coca-Cola had the biggest recall in company history last month after hundreds of people reported feeling ill after drinking Coke.
Merck, though, has been fast off the starting block.
Goldman Sachs Group proposes eliminating public plaza that is adjacent to building it occupies in downtown Manhattan, and replacing it with 240-foot high building that would have seven trading floors; in exchange, Goldman offers to pay $5 million to improve other nearby property for public use; residents and members of Community Board 1 object, saying improvements offered are inadequate; fight will be heard by City Planning Commission; diagram; photo (M)
Carmen J. Cognetta, counsel to the City Council's Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee, said the city currently pays around $50 per ton to recycle metal, glass and plastic, but that cost will drop to around $40 per ton once the sorting operation is built.
''When we were home at Thanksgiving break, I was talking to my boyfriend about it, and he knew I was upset, and said he would list us on eBay,'' said Jenny Kunkel, a sophomore swimmer from Cincinnati, where her boyfriend, Jon Lenihan, attends Xavier University.
Comparing what it costs Schlotzsky's and Starbucks is difficult.
Cisco Systems Inc agrees to suspend its patent infringement lawsuit against Huawei Technologies, Chinese maker of telecommunications and network equipment, for six months; Cisco sued Huawei in January claiming company infringed on numerous patents held by Cisco and illegally copied its software code and documentation; Huawei says it will stop selling disputed products and agrees to make modifications to its router and switch products that Cisco asserts violates its patents (M)
But in the courtroom, Merck's strategy is not working as well.
By requiring domestic control over financial services companies, Chinese regulations have limited the financial transactions that eBay's payment mechanism, PayPal, can offer.
In the E-mail, the Microsoft manager wrote that despite the consent agreement, few manufacturers had chosen to renegotiate their contracts with Microsoft.
Natrecor, drug approved in 1991 as treatment for heart failure in emergency rooms, is now widely used as 'tuneup' for heart patients, who receive regular infusions, sometimes weekly or more often, over several months in outpatient clinics run by hospitals, medical centers and cardiologists; many doctors say treatments help patients, but FDA has not found adequate evidence to approve Natrecor's use in this manner; Medicare is paying for treatments, nevertheless, and drug is generating brisk sales for manufacturer, Scios unit of Johnson & Johnson; some heart doctors are concerned about studies linking Natrecor to kidney problems and other potentially fatal effects; photos; graph (M)
With the retirement last week of Paul Maritz, Microsoft lost a field general from the company's bitter computer wars of the 1990's.
Revealing the intensity of the cola wars, the Pepsi-Cola Company filed a lawsuit last week in New Delhi, accusing the Coca-Cola Company of ''a widespread pattern of disruptive activity'' in India.
Aetna sold its property and casualty and life insurance units and bought U.S. Healthcare; NYLcare, from the New York Life Insurance Company, and Prucare.
The government banned newsstand sales of Time magazine in early March after its Asian edition carried an article about the outlawed Falun Gong sect.
After the review of its options accounting practices, Apple said in October that while there had been 15 instances of backdating, the review had found no misconduct by any member of Apple's current management team.
Still, Kodak cut operating costs by $135 million in the quarter, keeping on track toward the goal of squeezing $1.2 billion out of costs by the end of the year.
In the past, Pfizer has said that the number of deaths in the Nigerian Trovan trial was lower than the overall fatality rate for the meningitis epidemic and that the trial had been a philanthropic effort that benefited most of the sick children, not a self-serving effort to obtain quick clinical data, as the suit contends.
Questions are being raised inside Walt Disney Co boardroom about whether Michael D Eisner, chairman and chief executive, has wherewithal to reverse fortunes of company who share price has hit an eight-year low; Stanley Gold, board member whose Shamrock Holdings is investment arm of Disney family, is reportedly trying to tap into discontent of other investors in what might end as power struggle involving Gold, aided by Roy Disney, and Eisner over Disney's future direction; Disney board has been criticized as weak and for having let Eisner stay too long; photo; graph (M)
Philadelphia-based Bell Atlantic and DSC, based in Plano, Tex., said AT&T, through its equipment-arm Lucent Technologies Inc., had refused to build equipment that could be used with their products and those of other companies.
He said that the company discovered the fraud at a later point in its verification process and then notified both Microsoft and the Federal Bureau of Investigation, which has since started an investigation.
Google, for example, has made Microsoft look sluggish as it has consistently outpaced its larger rival in Internet search and seems to have taken an early lead in new technologies like satellite mapping services and desktop search.
Correction:  February 4, 2006, Saturday  An article in Business Day yesterday about Boston Scientific's meeting with the Food and Drug Administration over quality-control issues misstated the given name of an agency spokeswoman, who discussed the extent of the problems.
The current Moody's credit rating for R. J. Reynolds senior unsecured debt is Baa2, while the Fitch rating is BBB.
''The AT&T name has either been severely degraded for people over 30 and virtually meaningless for people under 30.''
Pfizer, the world's largest drug company, is having a bad year.
''Reports of the death of the PC turned out to be greatly exaggerated,'' Greg Maffei, Microsoft's chief financial officer, said in a conference call with securities analysts from headquarters in Redmond, Wash.
The Lockheed Martin settlement may put pressure on Loral to settle that case.
''Recognizing the concerns about the wild-card service, Icann has called upon VeriSign to voluntarily suspend the service until the various reviews now under way are completed,'' the agency wrote in a notice posted on its Web site.
Spinoff of Expedia Comes At Tough Time for Its Sector
In what is expected to be one of the last major takeovers in the weapons industry, the Raytheon Company announced today that it had agreed to acquire the military businesses of the Hughes Electronics Corporation from the General Motors Corporation for the equivalent of $9.5 billion.
''The problem is deeper and more complicated than was reported,'' a Microsoft spokeswoman said.
Another analyst, Martin Romm of Credit Suisse First Boston, has estimated that Coca-Cola Enterprises is losing $3.4 million in revenue a day as a result of the ban.
Raytheon Co shocks Wall Street again by lowering its profit forecast for third time since September, latest sign that military contractors created by wave of mergers in 1990's are proving difficult to manage (M)
California jury orders Wal-Mart to pay $172 million in damages for failing to provide meal breaks to nearly 116,000 hourly workers as required under state law; law requires employers to provide meal break of 30 minutes for every five hours worked and, if break is shorter than that, provided late or not at all, employer must pay one hour's pay; Wal-Mart says it will appeal; is facing similar cases in about 40 other states (M)
Gretchen Mutchnick, a spokeswoman for Procter in Cincinnati, said the mistake was made by the agency that buys time for the company's direct-response commercials, Hawthorne Direct in Fairfield, Iowa, which ''was not up to speed on our content guidelines.''
Until very recently Microsoft had no instant-messaging subscribers on its MSN on-line service.
Critics of Nielsen Media Research's new method for measuring local television audiences say latest data suggest system continues to undercount number of black and Hispanic viewers despitge company's efforts to fine-tune technology; Nielsen has been target of coordinated and well-financed campaign by News Corp and black and Hispanic groups against its plans to measure ratings in big cities with electronic devices known as people meters (M)
That's when I realized that bidding willy-nilly in auctions may not be the best way for a disorganized person like me to buy merchandise on eBay.
Goldman Sachs -- unlike Merrill Lynch; Morgan Stanley; and Salomon Smith Barney, a Citigroup unit -- lacks a retail network of brokers who can provide a stream of commissions to pay for its research.
The forces arrayed against AOL Time Warner are far weaker than those that confronted AT&T.
Unions have tried, unsuccessfully, to organize Wal-Mart's employees.
Correction:  July 26, 2004, Monday  A front-page article on July 13 about Morgan Stanley's settlement of a sex discrimination lawsuit brought by the government misstated the age of Allison K. Schieffelin, a former employee whose complaint led to it.
''The message is that there's a lot of uncertainties in life but you can count on Diet Coke,'' said Bob Bertini, a Coca-Cola spokesman.
According to the complaint, Akamai says its proprietary information about customer Web site performance was stolen by Speedera from the computers of Keynote Systems, a company that tracks Web site performance.
AK Steel, largest steel supplier to General Motors Corp, is threatening to cut off shipments because of dispute over contract terms that has turned into legal battle; halt of shipments could lead to layoffs at 15 GM factories and tens of millions of dollars in losses per day; dispute centers on long-term steel contracts that run from beginning of 2000 through end of 2004; contracts state that GM's price for steel declines over time, but AK Steel contends in court filings that new inspection, testing and quality control systems requested by GM increased its costs and that it has not been compensated, as required by contracts (M)
higher prices for Windows as a penalty for competing with Microsoft -- exactly the sort of evidence needed to support antitrust charges.
Analysis of Federal Communications Commission's decision to bar merger of EchoStar Communications and DirecTV unit of General Motors Corp's Hughes Electronics; focuses on EchoStar's future if company is unable to persuade FCC to reverse its rejection; EchoStar chairman Charles W Ergen says he does not have backup plan (M)
Now  97 percent of all PC's run under some flavor of operating system created by Microsoft, said Rob Enderle, an analyst with Giga Information Group in Santa Clara, Calif.
''Microsoft was upset with our internal use of Netscape and initiated a number of activities with Digital Equipment Company and Hewlett-Packard, reducing their emphasis on the Compaq partnership,'' the executive wrote.
E.ON executives say Southern is wildly exaggerating the validity of its claims.
A third speaker complained that Interpublic, the world's third-largest agency company in revenue -- after the Omnicom Group and the WPP Group -- had been ''dealt a body blow'' by accounting irregularities that led to large write-downs, quarterly losses and an investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
The mood on the picket lines at Boeing's many plants in the Seattle area has been defiant.
Hewlett-Packard asserts that Kodak's tests are flawed; for example, it says Kodak didn't use the recommended paper when testing one of H.P.
Motorola Inc. and the Nokia Corporation said yesterday that they had filed a federal lawsuit in an effort to reclaim about $3 billion owed to the companies by the Uzan family, owners of Telsim Mobil, a Turkish telecommunications company.
The suit will accuse Intel of selectively withholding important technical information about its chips from companies with which Intel is involved in patent and related disputes.
"AT&T has been cutting back for 10 years, and now they're making an offer to  half of their managers," said Peter Capelli, a management professor at the Wharton School and co-director of its Center for Human Resources.
Ira S. Loss, a drug industry analyst with Washington Analysis, said that by taking Vioxx off the market, Merck was ''trying to minimize its legal liability exposure'' by acting promptly after receiving the report.
RealNetworks claims to have 700,000 subscribers for pay services, but it is perceived as being increasingly vulnerable, according to some analysts, because Microsoft has included its Media Player as part of the Windows operating system, which dominates the PC market.
Nicholas Lobaccaro, an auto industry analyst with Merrill Lynch, said General Motors had no choice but to seek lower-cost labor for parts production.
And an order by Judge John C. Coughenour, refusing Microsoft's plea for a temporary injunction against Lindows.com, suggests that Microsoft has a fight on its hands against a feisty start-up with fewer than 50 employees.
Benedict Morelli, another lawyer in New York, who represented other former Morgan Stanley employees who complained of racial or sex discrimination, said he knew that the commission was nearing a decision about suing the firm, but had not heard that a suit was imminent.
Shareholders of the troubled Interpublic Group of Companies overwhelmingly supported management in votes at the 2005 annual meeting yesterday.
Considering the outcry from computer-industry analysts, critics and customers over Apple's need for a clear new direction for its system software, this was a colossal missed opportunity.
Bradlees, which has only 8 of its 102 stores in the same markets as Wal-Mart, might justifiably fear an escalation in its conflict with the retailing leviathan.
Verizon Communications, the nation's largest local telephone company, is raising the ire of competitors who worry that its efforts to increase security in the aftermath of the Sept. 11 attacks will restrict their access to Verizon work locations.
That is only a  small fraction of the 1.2 million households that subscribe to Time Warner Cable in New York City, and company executives refused to say exactly how many homes were included.
Criticizes Viagra Ads, Prompting Pfizer to Halt Them
Still, to Ms. Bostrom of Cisco, the silver lining in the current economic clouds is the recognition that in both good times and bad, ''the Internet allows the fast to beat the slow.''
Today, ahead of the earnings report, shares of Motorola fell $1.4375, to $38.5625, the lowest in more than five years.
Richard Belluzzo, who has been the president and chief operating officer of Microsoft for little more than a year, will step down next month and leave Microsoft in September, company said yesterday.
Analysts said that much of the disappointment on Wall Street yesterday was caused by a lack of specifics about what Kodak would do.
Time Warner reports loss of computer backup tapes containing sensitive data, including names and Social Security numbers of about 600,000 people; include current and former employees, some of their dependents and beneficiaries, and even individuals who have provided services for company; Time Warner says data, on 40 tapes, disappeared more than month ago while being shipped to offsite storage center; Secret Service is continuing to investigate missing tapes (M)
The burning debate on Wall Street revolves on whether Citigroup and any of the other hybrid banks can parlay bond business into the initial offerings and merger assignments they want so badly.
Many online travel agencies have refused to let Kayak, Mobissimo and Farechase from Yahoo conduct similar searches.
Article on risks of changing career in midlife; focuses on Sally Poliak, former political consultant in Washington State who is now manager at Microsoft Corp; Poliak comments; photo (M)
Negotiators from United Automobile Workers union and General Motors Corp hold marathon talks aimed at settling third big strike this year against GM; they have still not reached compromise that would address UAW's demand for greater job security and GM's insistence on lower labor costs; meanwhile, effects of latest strike continue to widen; GM notifies 4,000 workers at assembly plant in Moraine, Ohio, of temporary layoff because of lack of parts; ripple of local strikes is part of UAW's strategy to put more pressure on GM (M)
The game, which is being produced here in a downtown loft by EA Montreal, a development studio for Electronic Arts, will prominently feature a recording of President Dwight D. Eisenhower's farewell address, in which he warned about the influence of the military-industrial complex.
TLP, part of Diversified Agency Services division of Omnicom Group, is named to handle national promotions for American Airlines and Fetzer Vineyards; combined billings estimated at more than $12 million; Kayser-Roth Corp selects McKinney & Silver as creative agency for No Nonsense line of legwear; billings estimated at more than $10 million (S)
Members of extended Ford Motor Co family will meet Oct 19 in Detroit area for regularly scheduled, twice-yearly meeting, in large part to check up on financial health of company; chairman William Clay Ford Jr has said that on Oct 20, as company reports its third-quarter results, he will disclose new details of his latest plan to restore company; Anne Ford, first cousin of William Ford, says it depressing, referring to auto industry's malaise; photos (M)
The telephone giants -- including AT&T Wireless; Cingular Wireless, which is a joint venture of SBC Communications and BellSouth; VoiceStream Wireless, and Verizon -- have furiously lobbied regulators, lawmakers and administration officials to auction the licenses now held by the instructional television services.
As Yahoo fell further behind Google, some managers grew increasingly dissatisfied and  called for more radical changes in strategy and culture.
The verdict had been expected after an unorthodox ruling by the judge in the case shifted the burden of proof to Morgan Stanley because of what the judge called the firm's failure to produce documents.
Nike Inc., which has consistently blocked Web-only stores from selling its goods, has reversed its stand and will let Fogdog Sports, an on-line sporting goods dealer, sell the full Nike product line.
William Clay Ford Jr., Ford Motor's chairman, arrived at the factory less than two hours after the explosion, as firefighters were still trying to put out the blaze, and said the loss of life and injuries made today ''the worst day of my life.''
He played a leading role in Citigroup's negotiations with the Federal Trade Commission after it sued the company's Associates First Capital unit for abusive and predatory lending practices.
In written testimony submitted earlier, Mr. Barksdale stated, ''As I review Microsoft's proposed remedy, I reach the unfortunate conclusion that it would not have helped Netscape in the mid-1990's by preventing Microsoft's anticompetitive behavior.''
In the quarter, Microsoft lost market share in searching, with Google widening its lead against Yahoo and Microsoft.
In a preliminary ruling last month, a Federal judge in Birmingham, Ala., found that Intel had violated antitrust law in the Intergraph case.
Garth Ancier, president for programming at WB Television, growing would-be fifth network owned by Time Warner, says he will decide by the end of this week whether to stay with network or leave when his contract ends in May; if Ancier does not reach an agreement with WB, he is expected to join NBC as its chief program executive; his photo (M)
Adelphia Communications Corp proposes new plan to settle legal disputes so it can exit bankruptcy and be sold to Time Warner Cable and Comcast; sale was proposed last year but has been delayed by creditors; plan allows creditors, which are owed more than $18 billion, to vote on company's latest reorganization plan (M)
In August, the commission said that by bundling its Media Player into its Windows products, Microsoft had put rival audio/video players like RealNetworks' Real One Player and Apple's Quicktime media players at an unfair disadvantage.
Motorola announced quarterly earnings last week that met Wall Street's expectations, but that lagged behind the period a year earlier.
Under the terms of the extremely complex deal, which followed a lengthy auction process, Raytheon, a manufacturer of missiles, radar and appliances, based in Lexington, Mass., will assume about $4.4 billion in debt that will be issued as part of the transaction and will pay about $5.1 billion in the form of newly issued stock.
The agency complaint is based in large part on pricing studies and econometric models that officials say demonstrate that Staples, Office Depot and the only other company in the superstore business, Officemax Inc., compete only against each other, and not against other suppliers of office goods.
It warned of ''uncertainty about legal principles that govern product design issues for future releases of Microsoft products in Europe.''
''There is not a substantial difference between Coca-Cola and Pepsi-Cola except in the brand image.''
In his technical presentation on Sunday to an audience of several hundred people at the conference, called Def Con, Mr. Sklyarov argued that the security behind Adobe's widely used Acrobat Portable Document Format, known as PDF, is inherently flawed.
Legal Experts Say Allstate Lost a Battle In Agents' Suit
That is what happens when a company says that it will not be able to meet its financial targets, as Verizon did, even when some investors already suspected that such an announcement was coming, as some did.
A consor tium of British companies have complained to regulators about a Microsoft pricing policy, which they say will cost business an additional 880 million, or $1.3 billion.
When a customer in, say, New York, made a call to San Francisco, MCI would pay the standard access charge to Verizon for originating the call.
Last August, the European Commission told Microsoft that its practice of bundling Media Player into Windows amounted to an abuse of the operating system's dominant position because it placed rival music and video players at a disadvantage.
The reference was to problems in internal controls that led Interpublic to postpone the release of the last six quarters of financial data.
And Coca-Cola would be forced to reclaim billions of dollars of debt that now resides with Coca-Cola Enterprises.
Intel Corp is planning to detail performance of its second-generation 64-bit Itanium microprocessor at technical meeting in Germany; Intel, in press release, goes to great lengths to compare new Itanium chip with both its previous Itanium, known as McKinley, and to competing chip from Sun Microsystems; 64-bit Itanium processor is aimed at high-performance corporate markets; missing in document is any reference to Intel's industry-leading Pentium family of microprocessors; missing comparison is intriguing because recent versions of Pentium have demonstrated sharp performance increases of their own (M)
On condition of anonymity, some telecommunications executives said Verizon and SBC might have concluded that WorldCom's accounting was unduly aggressive in this regard.
Staff lawyers at the Department of Justice are recommending that the agency seek to block the Oracle Corporation's $9.4 billion hostile takeover of PeopleSoft Inc. on the grounds that the deal would be anticompetitive, PeopleSoft said late Tuesday.
Many patients have lost weight, begun exercising or changed their diets, he said, since Pfizer's program began.
Moody's did not change its credit rating for New York, the lowest for any state, and it predicted that the state's finances will remain stable for at least another year, and probably longer.
They also complain that the contract perpetuates a lower-wage scale at Delta Express, a low-fare unit within Delta that is intended to compete with Southwest Airlines.
Toys ''R'' Us has accused Amazon.com of breaking the contract that gave Toys ''R'' Us the right to be the exclusive toy and game seller on Amazon's site.
Coca-Cola Co is being formally investigated by Securities and Exchange Commission for accusations levied against company last year in wrongful termination lawsuit; probe stems from $44.4 million lawsuit filed in May by Matthew Whitley, former finance director in Coke's fountain unit who accused Coke of committing $2 billion in accounting fraud, discrimination against minorities and women and manipulating inventories; Whitley also accused Coke of participating in marketing scheme in which Coke paid $10,000 to order value meals for hundreds of children in Richmond, Va,; lawsuit asserted Coke hope to make Frozen Cokes--slushy drinks that came with meals at Burger King restaurants, seem more popular than they acutally were and forced national rollout; Coke says company will continue to cooperate fully with SEC's probe (M)
Later this year, Procter & Gamble and Whirlpool will try one of the most difficult tricks for a consumer products company: changing customer habits.
Intel Corp reverses plan to activate identifying signature in its next generation of computer chips, bowing to protests that technology would compromise privacy of users; Intel, which makes about 85 percent of world's computer processors, had said that serial number on Pentium III chips would enhance security of electronic commerce and guard against software piracy, but advocacy groups warned of further erosion of Internet anonymity that would allow companies to collect and sell detailed profiles of consumers; Intel now says user will have to voluntarily turn on identification system; Marc Rotenberg of Electronic Privacy Information Center warns concession is only temporary fix (M)
In the process, the campaign from the French ad agency BDDP & Fils, part of the Omnicom Group, ignited a firestorm of protest, including charges of racism, sexism, bad taste and cruelty to animals.
With corporate customers cutting costs and reducing the number of suppliers, Mr. Gates said, ''In most cases today, it's narrowed down to two platforms worked on: I.B.M.
At the risk of offending some Apple enthusiasts, Windows users could think of the Mini as a PC peripheral.
The only downside to the company's outlook, analysts said, was that Exxon seemed to have abandoned a production growth target of 3 percent.
EBay also sought to dispel speculation that it was getting ready to sell or abandon its business in China.
A chart in Business Day yesterday with an article about a hostile bid by the Simon Property Group for the Taubman Centers shopping mall company misstated the age and size of a Taubman mall, the Beverly Center in Los Angeles.
Aetna said its membership had fallen to 18.3 million, down about 5 percent from the beginning of last year as it dropped unprofitable members, including several Medicare health maintenance organizations and a Medicaid unit in New Jersey that it sold to another company.
Mr. Forrister said that in the wake of the scandal, he had noticed Texaco moving ahead of Chevron in such areas as climate-change research and alternative-fuels ventures.
ExxonMobil began exploring the fields, off Sakhalin Island in the Sea of Okhotsk north of Japan, in 1996, but as recently as May, company executives were saying the future of the project was in doubt because of tax issues.
Correction of Feb 6 article about Microsoft's decision not to intervene on behalf of Russian school principal charged with software piracy; Business Software Alliance monitors use of illicit software
Today, the judge ruled that AT&T had persuasively argued that conditions in the industry had changed since 1984.
Prices were modestly lower through the morning, as traders absorbed a profit warning from American Express and a report from the National Association of Purchasing Managers that suggested the long slide in the manufacturing sector might have turned last month.
For Mr. Monti, a courtly, silver-haired former economics professor from Milan, the Microsoft case is also something of a bookend to the commission's landmark decision in 2001, when it blocked General Electric's planned $45 billion takeover of Honeywell.
's software unimpressive -- a patchwork of programming projects, not as coherent or as integrated as Microsoft's competing offerings.
Faulty water pump at Indian Point 2 nuclear plant is repaired and plant will resume full power 24 hours after computer problem forced Consolidated Edison to cut power to 60 percent (S)
Two months ago, in the Houston area, Disney's ABC affiliate, KTRK-TV, began trying to capture the hearts and minds of Time Warner's customers, and entice them to buy satellite dishes and discard their cable company.
The Xerox Corporation, which lost money in most of its businesses this quarter, said yesterday that it would sell pieces of most of its operations -- from inkjet printers to its finance businesses to its share of Fuji Xerox.
''There is a danger that this will be called the Microsoft pardon,'' said Edward J.
And after being threatened with losing its Windows license, Compaq dropped its plans to remove the icon for Microsoft's Internet browser on the desktop screen for all its machines.
Mr. Chammah's decision to stay at Morgan Stanley ended a protracted tug of war between the firms and the chief executives who once called each other partner.
The struggling Gap Inc., will hold its first friends-and-family event, as it is called, this weekend, giving those invited up to 30 percent off at its Gap and Banana Republic stores.
The last is a realm McDonald's has for too long ignored, according to James R. Cantalupo, named chief executive in January in a management shake-up.
Upset that the negotiations were moving too slowly, Rupert Murdoch, the chairman of News Corporation,  gave G.M.
Many CBS stations have seen severe ratings declines since Mr. Stern left for Sirius.
Steven P. Jobs, the chief of Apple Computer, has made no secret of his love for the Beatles' music, but all sides have so far denied rumors of a potential settlement that would allow iTunes to begin selling the Beatles' songs online.
The suit also asked the court to impose sanctions that would ''eliminate the continuing effects of Microsoft's illegal conduct and to restore competition lost in the operating system market and in the Web browser market because of Microsoft's illegal conduct.''
European regulators are considering approving the proposed $20 billion combination of the music division of Time Warner Inc. and the EMI Group into a joint venture, a development that would remove the last major barrier in Europe to the acquisition of Time Warner by America Online.
Kellogg, which has been cutting costs as it copes with declining sales for many big cereal brands, joins myriad large national advertisers in making such consolidations.
Earlier in the day, Steven P. Jobs, Apple's chief executive, issued a statement denying that Apple had made an offer for the Universal music group.
They also question whether AT&T and BellSouth, which spent heavily to promote Cingular, should abandon a brand that has a fresher feel.
Not surprisingly, the Microsoft antitrust case ranked dead last.
Dr. Michelson countered that Medtronic violated the agreement by not using its ''best efforts'' to develop and sell his inventions.
Both AT&T's consumer and business-services operations are still shrinking because of continued weakness in the company's core long-distance telephone market.
''Apple is genetically incapable of doing anything that smacks of me-too,'' said Mike McGuire, research vice president at the market research firm Gartner.
Nike said the ruling was especially worrisome because it did not concern paid advertisements but many statements made in response to critics of conditions at its factories in Asia.
It provided no new estimate yesterday, but Ms. Goodman said she expected Aetna to earn no more than 45 to 50 cents a share for the year.
But critics fear that if approval comes, VeriSign will have too much power.
Carnival, the largest cruise line, raised its hostile bid for P & O Princess Cruises 12 percent today, seeking to prevent P & O's merger with Royal Caribbean Cruises.
They note that the January loss was the result of disappointing sales of last year's ambitious Apple rollout, the G4 Cube.
Judge Richard Stearns of the Federal District Court in Boston said that Microsoft had failed to demonstrate that it could not get the information it sought elsewhere.
Gonzalo Ugalde Gmez, a 68-year-old union leader whose right eye hunkers down into a mean slit during moments of brutal honesty, took the lectern before a smoke-filled auditorium of 1,357 Goodyear tire makers to deliver bad news.
Since early July, major high-speed Internet providers -- including BellSouth, Comcast, EarthLink, Time Warner Cable and Verizon -- have complied with more than 1,000 subpoenas from the record industry's lobbying arm, the Recording Industry Association of America, to turn over the names of their customers who are otherwise known only by the murky screen names and numeric Internet Protocol addresses used in cyberspace.
Target, called ''Tar-zhay'' by the consumer cognoscenti, lost ground last year, partly because it failed to satisfy many of its more upscale customers, analysts said.
Carnival is looking at ways to absorb the cost of potential litigation, either on its own or by structuring its offer so that P&O shareholders would foot part of the bill, one person said.
''Microsoft and especially Windows NT are just taking over the desktop in the Federal Government,'' said Robert Dornan, senior vice president of Federal Sources Inc., a research firm in McLean, Va. ''And I don't see anything on the horizon that would undermine its success.''
But under them, Home Depot embraced a culture of restraint when it came to pay, said Paul D. Lapides, a corporate governance expert at Kennesaw State University in Georgia.
Early last week, many Amazon customers were unable to access the site at all, turned away at the home page by recurring error messages.
While Mr. Pitofsky was able to negotiate several changes in the structure of the merger, he did not challenge Time Warner and Turner in court -- in part because he was worried that two of the F.T.C.
And so rather than being preoccupied with the tug of war over access to their local phone networks, some analysts say, the local Bell companies like Verizon, SBC Communications and BellSouth are likely to focus more on ways to fend off competitors that do not need the Bells' phone lines at all.
Stock prices of several luxury retailers fall sharply, reflecting investors' fear that fourth-quarter results would be disappointing for some high-end merchants; several analysts cite Nordstrom's Inc's recent announcement that holiday sales will not meet expectations, as well as Montgomery Securities Inc's announcement that it is lowering its rating on Marks Brothers Jewelers Inc because sales could be lower and inventory levels higher than expected; graph showing daily closes of Nordstrom ad Saks Holdings, parent of Saks Fifth Avenue, since Aug 30; both retailers lost ground on Dec 30 (M)
In a separate Delaware trial now under way, Boston Scientific is suing Johnson & Johnson, saying the company's best-selling stent infringes on a Boston Scientific patent covering drug coatings.
The Coca-Cola Company said yesterday said that Stephen C. Jones, the chief marketing officer, had resigned.
Pfizer Doesn't Want You to Understand It, Just Buy It
The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission determined yesterday that the investment bank Morgan Stanley Dean Witter fired a woman in its convertible bond department as a retaliatory move after she accused the company of sexual discrimination.
The entire health care industry has been struggling with rising medical costs, but analysts said Aetna seemed to be managing worse than its competitors.
Mr. Schmalensee said that Microsoft had spent money on research to counter that threat.
Advertising campaigns portraying men in general, and husbands and fathers in particular, as objects of ridicule, pity or even scorn have increased as ads belittling women have disappeared; among them are ads for Bud Light, Domino's, Hummer, T-Mobile and Verizon; 'man as a dope' imagery hyas gathered momentum over last decade, and critics say it has spiraled out of control (M)
It was the second lawsuit against Yahoo by French human rights advocates; the first was started in 2000.
Because of an editing error, an article in Business Day yesterday about AT&T's plan to discontinue a venture that linked users of Lotus Notes software over telephone lines omitted the given name and affiliation of an executive who  spoke about the appeal of such private networks.
Timothy A. Koogle resigned yesterday as the chief executive of Yahoo, as the company warned that its sales in the first quarter would be far worse than its pessimistic prediction in January.
American International Group is target of federal grand jury investigation over its role in helping cellphone distributor Brightpoint Inc of Plainfield, Ind, cover up millions in business losses; AIG agreed year ago to pay $10 million to settle Securities and Exchange Commission complaint that it provided contract for Brightpoint that had appearance of insurance but was merely exchange of money; deal allowed Brightpoint to reduce its losses for 1998 by nearly $12 million; AIG did not admit any wrongdoing in settlement; AIG chairman-chief executive Maurice R Greenberg comments; photo (M)
Investors were disappointed that Citigroup's earnings fell short of expectations and sent the shares down $1.18, to $45.92.
Regulators reportedly probe scores of deals American International Group set up with some dozen offshore concerns to determine whether AIG struck deals to enhance is financial position or performance; these transactions are in addition to dozen or so problematic deals uncovered by AIG's internal review; involve offshore companies specializing in reinsurance that do most or all of their business with AIG (M)
But Google, which last year surged ahead of Yahoo to become the No.1 site for searching on the Internet, disdains the practice as misleading.
Microsoft denied the charge -- and will appeal Judge Jackson's ruling -- saying that it has the sole discretion to determine what technology is included in its operating system.
In a domestic disappointment, however, Coca-Cola's Minute Maid division suffered a 7 percent decline in case volume, coming after a 9 percent increase in the corresponding quarter last year.
Microsoft said the declarations were not ready when it filed its response to the government plan this month.
Coca-Cola Company to scale back aggressive marketing in schools, citing concerns about commercialization in schools and nutritional harm from soft drinks; will end exclusive contracts for vending machines and replace ads on machines with pictures of students engaged in physical activity, as schools have asked (S)
At a time when Amazon is squeezing hard to lower its costs everywhere else, the company is paying to enter thousands of texts into its searchable database, the publishers said.
Historically, Boeing had often responded to criticisms or questions about its operations by saying that building aircraft was so complicated that it had to operate differently from other  industries.
A person close to Mr. Baker said that the representative had expressed interest in hearing testimony from Mary Meeker, the star Internet analyst at Morgan Stanley Dean Witter, and Henry Blodget, an analyst at Merrill Lynch, but that Mr. Baker's staff was told it was not a good time for either one to appear.
When it reported the Approve results in The New England Journal of Medicine early last year, Merck said that it had performed a statistical test to examine whether Vioxx's risk changed over time.
Escalating a high-stakes legal battle that has broad implications for control over the Internet, the Justice Department accused Microsoft of making a mockery of a Federal judge's decision last Thursday requiring the company to stop forcing computer manufacturers to install its Internet browser along with its Windows 95 system.
As expected, Apple Computer Inc. reported a big loss yesterday for its second fiscal quarter.
Intel also agreed to acquire three Digital chip development operations in Jerusalem, Austin, Tex., and Palo Alto, Calif. Mr. Barrett said no layoffs were expected.
The Xerox Corporation, citing lower sales at a time of rising costs, warned investors yesterday that it would report a third-quarter loss of 15 cents to 20 cents a share.
Disney chief executive Michael D Eisner is expected to mount tenacious counterattack against Comcast's unsolicited takeover bid; has overcome many threats in past, though he has never faced challenge as formidable as this; some past battles recalled; photos; graph (M)
''The board of Apple is not happy with the company's financial performance,'' said Fred Anderson, Apple's chief financial officer, who will temporarily take over while the board searches for a new chief executive.
And they noted that the Arcoxia side effects that Merck did disclose yesterday included high blood pressure.
Analysis of Microsoft Corp antitrust case focuses on real possibility that company will be split up; says courts over years have been reluctant to break up companies unless their monopoly position was obtained illegally or through mergers; holds neither of those apply in Microsoft case; says Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson, in his ruling, found that Microsoft was predatory monopolist whose illegal conduct stifled competition; holds he specifically noted that company had not obtained its monopoly illegally; Federal government, in proposal to be submitted on April 28, will conclude that splitting Microsoft into two is cleanest, most effective way to restore competition; photo (M)
Mr. Klauber, who issued a "sell" recommendation on Cigna on Monday, when the stock hit its 52-week high, said Friday's decline may not be the end of the stock's weakness.
Kmart filed for bankruptcy after a series of missteps, including the initiation of a price war with Wal-Mart.
In addition, the lead plaintiffs' lawyer is W. Mark Lanier, who defeated Merck last year in the first Vioxx lawsuit to reach a jury.
Burger King and Ernst & Young are among Cisco's corporate customers for the systems, and Cisco has struck alliances with the phone companies AT&T, SBC Communications and Sprint to offer packages of equipment and service for the corporate market.
David Trimble, Protestant leader in Northern Ireland, sues Amazon.com for selling book that claims he knew about 'committee' formed in late 1980's in Protestant community in County Armagh that forged links with British special police forces and Unionist terrorists to preside over nearly 60 killings of Republicans and Catholics; book, The Committee, by Sean McPhilemy, grew out of documentary shown on British television in 1991 that McPhilemy's televison production company researched; McPhilemy says he took his manuscript to United States after British publisher told him it would be extremely difficult to publish in Britain with its tougher libel laws; Trimble and other challengers of book have hunted book around world in attempt to stop sales; their campaign raises questions about libel jurisidiction in age of borderlesss Internet; photos (M)
And much of the Justice Department's case centers on how Microsoft fought this perceived threat from Netscape.
Dan T. Niles, personal computer and semiconductor analyst with Lehman Brothers, said that the expected Apple shortfall was notable in part because of its scale, a roughly 40 percent drop from earlier projections.
The string of bad news has pummeled Pfizer's stock.
But in this case, several vulture investors said they were afraid to bet against Xerox's shares.
Now that a mainstream PC from any of Intel's customers will include this technology, the Macintosh could see further defections, analysts say.
The resulting loss, which Apple did not estimate but which will be absorbed in the current quarter, may mean that the company will not return to profitability this fiscal year, which ends in October, the company said in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Instead of allowing companies to upgrade existing software, Microsoft is asking customers to sign up for a three-year subscription, in which they would pay an initial sum and then purchase new software as it is released.
It was not clear, however, whether Chevron's sweetened offer would definitely seal the acquisition of Unocal or would extend the bidding war.
In 2001, if its option grants had been treated as expenses, Amazon would have lost $963 million, rather than the $567 million loss it reported.
Microsoft Rebuffed in Bid to Exclude Expert in Antitrust Case
However, Time Warner is only one company Mr. Icahn is agitating to change now, including KT&G of South Korea.
Citigroup is changing marketing and other practices at its consumer lending business, CitiFinancial, and they appear to address some of criticisms about marketing of credit insurance that were cited in FTC lawsuit; is trying to complete negotiations to settle lawsuit (M)
But Microsoft's potential control of the Internet bottleneck is at least scary to anyone trying to set up commerce on the Web.''
A Federal judge ordered yesterday that the Government's pretrial questioning of William H. Gates and other executives of the Microsoft Corporation must be opened up to news organizations.
US Justice Department, in strongly worded court brief, argues that Microsoft Corp knew for months that its legal problems with the Government might delay release of its Windows 98 operating system, due to be released next week; Government lawyers charge that Microsoft deliberately waited until the last minute to ask a court for protection so the company could make 'a self-generated claim of hardship'; Government says Microsoft is complaining about a problem of its own making (L)
From the start, critics questioned Oracle's decision to pursue PeopleSoft, casting it as nothing more than a personal grudge match between Mr. Ellison and PeopleSoft's chief executive, Craig Conway, a former Oracle executive -- or perhaps a cynical ploy to undermine PeopleSoft by creating doubt among its customers.
Intel Corp recently blinked in confrontation with privacy advocates protesting company's plans to ship its newest generation of microprocessors with embedded serial number that could be used to identify computer--and by extension, its user; those on each side of dispute acknowledge that it was only initial skirmish in wider struggle; from computers to cellular phones to digital video players, everyday devices and software programs increasingly embed telltale identifying numbers that let them interact; whether such digital fingerprints constitute imminent privacy threat or are simply part of foundation of advanced computer systems is subject of growing debate between computer industry and privacy groups; at its heart is fundamental disagreement over role of electronic anonymity in democratic society (M)
In a motion filed this week in its lawsuit, Morgan Stanley contended that ''the defendant in this case has targeted MSDW and the New York investment banking community with particular precision and malice.''
Central to the Microsoft argument is a letter from Netscape lawyers to Joel Klein, an Assistant Attorney General, six months ago.
But courts have so far sided with Amgen in a protracted battle.
Costs and Attorneys' Fees  Microsoft shall pay the plaintiff states' reasonable costs and attorneys' fees.
Mr. Lockhart, who resigned from the Clinton White House in October, will work on refining Oracle's business strategy and describing its work to the public, company officials said.
Time Warner Says Data on Employees Is Lost
Boeing's new midsize plane, the 787, is selling briskly, while Airbus has been dogged by production problems with the A380 and questions about how it will finance its next new planes, particularly the A350, which is intended to go head-to-head with the 787.
A Swiss court has cleared the way for hearings in a $12 billion lawsuit against the computer giant I.B.M.
Late in the day, Moody's Investors Service downgraded Aon's debt rating, making it more costly for the company to borrow.
Blaming lower-than-expected sales in Europe and Asia, the Oracle Corporation reported first-quarter software sales today that were on the low end of earlier projections.
''If in any way that upgraded people's perception of McDonald's, what would be the problem with that?''
contends that Intel, the world's largest chip maker, bullied dozens of computer makers, retailers and distributors by threatening to retaliate against them if they did business with A.M.D.
Read one way, a report last week by the New York Police Department seemed a public relations disaster for Apple Computer.
After a year of embarrassments, investigations and lackluster earnings, Douglas N. Daft, chairman and chief executive of the Coca-Cola Company, said yesterday that he would retire at the end of the year.
Microsoft's legal team says the Boies approach is more show than substance, leaving most of the direct testimony of Microsoft's witnesses unchallenged and trying instead to make them look bad on the stand.
In December, Boston Scientific seized the opening to offer $72 a share, setting off the bidding war.
10 Internet-enabled taxis hit streets of New York City in venture operated by Yahoo, Team Systems, large taxi fleet operator, and Medallion Financial, which provides loans for taxi operators; purple and yellow taxis are equipped with Palm hand-held computer, offering passengers access to Internet at no extra cost; photo (S)
In recent months congestion has been reduced and average train speeds have risen, but some customers continue to complain and Union Pacific's management acknowledges that it still needs more modern equipment and operating procedures.
Southern California Edison, which owes $3.9 billion, said it would vigorously fight such action, asserting its creditors should wait two weeks until the state legislature votes on a bailout plan for the utility.
Mr. Remnick, asked for a response, replied in an e-mail message, ''Ads are ads, and I have no problem at all with Target's advertising a lot, all at once, or a page at a time.''
Correction:  June 21, 2007, Thursday  An article in Business Day last Thursday about eBay's fight against fraudulent auctions misstated the name of a trade group that provided information about illegal software sales on the site.
In an interview on Fox News 10 days ago, Lee R. Raymond, Exxon's chief executive, sought to quell some of the criticism.
The presiding judge, Elizabeth T. Maass, dealt a serious blow to the investment firm when she instructed jurors that Morgan Stanley had to persuade them that the firm did not conspire to commit fraud -- a shift of the burden of proof; typically, Mr. Perelman's lawyers would have had to prove fraud.
General Motors said yesterday that it would stop making, at least for now, two of its renowned ''muscle cars,'' the Chevrolet Camaro and the Pontiac Firebird.
After news reports last year detailing Mr. Rubin's call, some Republicans in Congress demanded that his actions be investigated, suggesting that his contact with Mr. Fisher was an improper attempt to press his former agency to help Citigroup avoid a huge loss from its exposure to Enron.
''Microsoft has a history of getting it right in the long run, and there's no reason to think it won't in this business as well.
With Congress coming up on its final weeks of lawmaking this year, Boeing and the Air Force are struggling to salvage a deal to lease as many as 100 tanker planes.
FBI, Securities and Exchange Commission and University of Michigan are looking into what they suspect is early leak of data from university's influential consumer sentiment survey, which has potential to move stock and bond markets; inquiry comes just months after former economist at Goldman Sachs pleaded guilty to insider trading based on illegal access to information about Treasury Department's bond sales; probe in Michigan centers on preliminary estimate of university's monthly Surveys of Consumers, which was released on Feb 13 (M)
Boeing Startles Market With Delays Costing $2.6 Billion
AMERICAN AIRLINES PROTEST Flight attendants for American Airlines will be picketing at domestic airports today to protest $180 million in bonuses the carrier is preparing to pay to about 1,000 top managers, according to the Association of Professional Flight Attendants, which represents nearly 20,000 flight attendants at American.
Chubb said it expected to find a strong market among owners of expensive homes, especially after months of headlines about the devastating flooding from Hurricane Katrina along the Gulf Coast.
Micron's decision to buy Toshiba's American unit cast doubt on an important facet of Hynix's survival strategy, a proposal to sell Micron some of its own plants.
The Ford Mustang repeatedly failed the Ford Motor Company's internal crash tests for fuel tank integrity while it was being redesigned in the early 1990's, but it met broader company guidelines and the production version later passed government tests, according to a lawyer who obtained numerous internal Ford documents as part of a civil suit.
''We are very pleased to partner with Eyetech on what we believe will be a breakthrough treatment for a devastating medical condition,'' Karen Katen, Pfizer's president, said.
The News Corporation's effort to create its own portal to compete with Yahoo and others, a site called iGuide, was a multimillion-dollar failure.
Maurice R Greenberg's lawyers say former titan of insurance industry at center of wide-ranging investigation into possible financial manipulation will not answer questions when he meets with regulators on Apr 12; say they have not had adequate time to prepare him and that regulators have denied requests to postpone his testimony; investigators said to be intensifying their focus on Greenberg, former chairman of American International Group; their scrutiny of Warren E Buffett, chairman of Berkshire Hathaway, appears to have diminished; Buffett reportedly told regulators he had scant knowledge of 2000 transaction between AIG and Berkshire subsidiary General Re that is at heart of probe because it enabled AIG to bolster its reserves artificially; photo (M)
When Nokia sharply cut prices to meet the strong consumer demand for inexpensive phones, Motorola was unable to follow suit without drastically reducing profits.
Car companies, auto dealers and banks are putting pressure on New York State legislators to amend 1929 law that if unchanged could make it difficult for New Yorkers to lease cars; law allows plaintiffs in car accidents to use leasing companies for damages, under legal principle called vicarious liability, because companies technically own cars; New York, Rhode Island and Connecticut are only states that allow leasing company to be held accountable for unlimited damages if care is involved in crash; amendments are pending in all three states; leasing companies, including those owned by Ford and General Motors, say rewards are escalating into hundreds of millions of dollars; have threatened to stop doing business in New York (M)
Heart doctors at Cleveland Clinic vote unanimously to severely curtail or even ban clinic's use of Johnson & Johnson drug Natrecor; final decision will be made by clinic committee that is expected to review data at May 4 meeting; Natrecor, used as treatment for heart failure, has been reported in two recent studies to increase kidney problems and death rates among patients; Johnson & Johnson has worked out plan with federal drug regulators to cite such risks on its label (M)
Ford Motor Co's stock drops 7.7 percent, to $7.15, lowest level in 10 years and 16 percent drop on week; investors seem to be awakening to host of weaknesses in Ford's financial position; Ford, mostly through its Ford Motor Credit unit, carries staggering debt load; equity analysts seem to be homing in on company's balance sheet, and they do not like what they see; Salomon Smith Barney removes Ford from its recommended list of stocks (Market Place column) (M)
Among those affected are virtually all 85,000 current employees of Time Warner.
Yahoo, the No.
Investors regard the Ford Motor Company as the weakest among Big Three auto companies, and analysts said they did not sense much urgency in its overhaul efforts.
Xerox's performance has been even worse in the low-end market.
But the takeover battle was conspicuous by its absence during Johnson & Johnson's earnings conference call, as the company declined to comment on Guidant.
The meeting was organized largely because union leaders fear that Wal-Mart Stores, the nation's largest company, is pushing down wages and benefits, not just among retailers but throughout the economy.
''How disruptive will the latest changes be in getting Wells Fargo into a revenue generating mode?''
And Mr. Gordon denied speculation that Verizon was planning to sell Wi-Fi access separately to computer users who are not Verizon Online customers.
Rivals Worry About Access As Verizon Seeks Buffer
Bankrupt NextWave Telecom reaches accord to pay Verizon Wireless over $100 million and AT&T Wireless about $25 million to speed settlement in which it would emerge with some $5 billion from resale of licenses to provide wireless service and government would get about $11 billion; Verizon, which acquired most of licenses in January, and AT&T have reportedly been pressing NextWave to settle; federal court has ruled that Federal Communications Commission improperly seized and resold licenses after NextWave defaulted on payments (M)
Time Warner Inc. has refused to carry the service in New York City, arguing that it has already met its obligations to provide news by carrying the Cable News Network and MSNBC.
Mr. Wall, the Cummins vice president, said that the company did not want to get in the position where it might be blamed for a problem caused by another manufacturer's components.
Frontier Corp says its management and advisers will begin exploratory discussions with Qwest Communications International after reviewing revised $12.7 billion hostile offer made by Qwest last week; move is step forward for Qwest, which is trying to woo not only Frontier, but also US West from embrace of rival Global Crossing; but Frontier stresses that discussions with Qwest are preliminary (M)
Regulators and the company agreed that the settlement did not find any wrongdoing by Microsoft, which the commission had accused of monopolistic behavior and of artificially inflating the price of Windows software.
A handful of digital worms that exploit vulnerabilities in some Microsoft Windows computers spread on Tuesday, hindering Internet access at some major companies.
For the nation's wireless carriers, Google, Yahoo and Microsoft ''are much bigger threats than they are partners,'' he added.
Although falling sales in Russia were not a surprise, the results showed that the effect of the recalls in dampening demand for Coca-Cola products was greater than expected in the dozen or so other countries in Europe where the bottler does business.
They noted that Vice President Dick Cheney served as chief executive of Halliburton from 1995 until 2000 and is still eligible for some deferred compensation from the company.
Morgan Stanley paid the $10,000 to Mr. Luethke days after the arrest.
Yesterday's gloomy forecast from AT&T confirmed that relief was not yet at hand.
A statement yesterday from a Morgan Stanley spokesman, Raymond O'Rourke, said: ''We are disappointed in the E.E.O.C.
As part of its audit of employment practices at federal contractors, the Labor Department also found that Coke had violated federal antidiscrimination laws and ordered the company to improve.
Medtronic was asked yesterday what royalties it might recover from the large portfolio of spinal device patents it acquired last spring as part of a $1.35 billion settlement of a patent infringement lawsuit, and whether it planned to file infringement suits.
The plaintiffs allege that Microsoft's combination of Windows and Internet Explorer by contractual and technological artifices constitute unlawful tying to the extent that those actions forced Microsoft's customers and consumers to take Internet Explorer as a condition of obtaining Windows.
There is also widespread speculation in the industry that Microsoft intends to integrate its PC search functions with a Web search engine to combat Google.
''I think it would be more distracting to have a book tagged,'' Amazon's Mrs. Morouse said.
Microsoft, which until now has largely ridiculed the network computer threat, is expected to announce its own version of the idea on Monday in concert with companies including Intel, Hewlett-Packard, Dell Computer and Compaq Computer.
Some families criticized Marsh & McLennan for using the charity money it raised to finance the health insurance of the families of victims, rather than paying for the insurance itself.
His predecessor, Philip M. Condit, who has been at Boeing for 38 years, resigned amid disclosures of a conflict of interest involving Boeing and an Air Force official who was seeking a job with the company while overseeing procurement contracts at the Pentagon.
Venezuela's consumer protection agency asks nation's prosecutor to bring criminal charges against Ford Motor Co and Bridgestone/Firestone, accusing both companies of conspiring to hide tire defects that caused dozens of deaths; tires involved in Venezuela are similar to those being recalled in US in that they are suspected of tearing apart at highway speeds and causing Ford Explorers to roll over; Ford's president, Jacques A Nasser, defends company's actions in Venezuela and denies any attempt to mislead authorities; US National Highway Traffic Safety Administration increases by 26 the number of deaths in US that have been linked to recalled Firestone tires; that brings to 88 the number of deaths being investigated by agency, along with 250 injuries in 1,400 complaints it has received concerning tire separations on popular Ford sport utility vehicles; photo (M)
Still, few changes are likely to catapult Xerox ahead of its most fearsome competitor, Hewlett-Packard, anytime soon.
gypsy,'' a name General Motors workers have for people who have been shuffled from plant to plant over the years as the company has closed factories and cut its labor force.
News Corp says it will badly miss its financial goals for it fiscal year (M)
He told the story during a recent panel discussion about monopolies, a forum whose unstated question for debate seemed to be: If Bill Gates worries the government, then shouldn't the cable guy -- in the form of a merged AOL-Time Warner -- drive the antitrust people absolutely nuts?
On Wednesday, for instance, 6 percent of Gomez's automated shopping searches on Amazon failed.
Manufacturers then cut production volumes, and thus their demand for Intel chips, he said.
said that the data loss reported this week at Citigroup's CitiFinancial division -- the most recent in a long string of reported data losses and thefts at other banks, colleges and media companies -- appeared to be a simple mishap rather than a result of foul play.
Still, many doubted Boeing's commitment to the new plane and speculated that the company had no choice but to keep the project going because it would have had to pay heavy penalties to a suppliers if it canceled development.
Oracle agreed last month to send an executive to the meeting, but in January PeopleSoft declined to attend, and instead broke official ties with Quest because the group refused to adhere to PeopleSoft's user group requirements, according to Quest and PeopleSoft.
''There is no reason to expect this abrupt shift in demand for the current generation of software will reverse itself,'' said Warren C. Jenson, chief financial officer of Electronic Arts.
Critics of Nike responded favorably to many elements of the plan released today, while noting that Mr. Knight had not promised to increase pay.
As to whether Shanghai Automotive can simultaneously share partnerships with VW and General Motors without dividing its loyalty, Mr. Smith said he was not concerned.
In addition to Palm and Nortel Networks, the market was led lower by Cisco Systems, Microsoft, Qualcomm, Intel, I.B.M., AOL Time Warner, Exxon Mobil and General Motors.
An A.T.& T. spokesman said the newly adopted accounting rule would decrease the tax liabilities listed on its balance sheet by $500 million, without affecting assets.
Court that decides antitrust case against Microsoft Corp must first make judgment about Microsoft's often thorny relationship with Compaq Computer; at issue is whether Compaq, largest personal computer maker, has been bent to Microsoft's will in ways that stifle competition and harm consumers, or if Compaq-Microsoft relationship is more one of headstrong equals in a bumpy partnership dating back to 1994; over years, Compaq has been most aggressive among personal computer makers seeking measure of independence from Microsoft, even as it is Microsoft's largest customer; there is established pattern to Compaq-Microsoft relationship: Compaq takes independent path, Microsoft bristles and accommodation is made; in fact, Compaq executive took stand as defense witness for Microsoft in antitrust trial; photo (M)
Wal-Mart's Chief Calls Its Critics Unrealistic
Spitzer Sues H&R Block On I.R.A.
The decision follows 18 months of turmoil for Yahoo, as the company disappointed both Wall Street and many in its own ranks.
In a case important more for political than practical implications, the Nynex Corporation goes on trial here Monday on criminal charges that it intentionally violated terms of the antitrust consent decree that broke up A.T.& T. in 1984.
On Oct. 31, the board issued an emergency order requiring Union Pacific to share some of its track south of Houston with the Texas Mexican Railway Company, based in Laredo.
The prominent role taken by Mr. Heyer, who is considered an advertising and marketing whiz even by those who dislike him, has fueled speculation that he could become a key figure in the new AOL Time Warner if the merger proceeds.
On April 3, Judge Jackson found Microsoft in wide violation of federal and state antitrust laws.
Several top executives of the American International Group, including the current chief executive, resigned yesterday from C.V. Starr & Company, a private holding company run by Maurice R. Greenberg, who was forced out as the chairman and chief executive of A.I.G.
There is never a particularly good time for a fire-warning light in a Boeing 747 to pop on, but in flight over the North Atlantic would not be anyone's first choice.
ABANDONING ITS EFFORT TO BREAK APART MICROSOFT, SAYING IT SEEKS RESOLUTION
The Walt Disney Company is not having the brightest of summers.
Because Sprint is much smaller than AT&T, the Sprint alliance has not created such controversy.
The move allows Apple to concentrate on its core computer business, Apple executives said, at a time when the company is bleeding money and its Macintosh line continues to lose marketshare to computers running Microsoft Windows.
As a government appointee, Ms. Creighton can no longer comment on the Microsoft antitrust case.
Wall Street financial analysts and bond investors do not expect General Motors to go bankrupt for next two or three years because it has too much cash on hand; company's prospects beyond that limited time are debatable, with much depending on how chairman and chief executive, Rick Wagoner, remakes company's North American operations; photo (Market Place column) (M)
''The music labels do not want Apple to have control of the download space, and although they won't say it, they are very, very concerned about the lack of growth of digital music.''
Indeed, many advertisers say that while their dealings with Time Warner's various sites have not been as contentious as those with America Online, they have not been as effective, either.
Last week, Connecticut announced that it had filed a lawsuit against Oracle, contending that an Oracle takeover of PeopleSoft would violate the state's antitrust laws and would damage the state's economy.
In an interview with The Times of London in March, Mr. Kagermann criticized the Justice Department's effort to block Oracle's bid for PeopleSoft and the department's market definition.
Removing the uncertainty created by the Cisco lawsuit could give 3Com a much needed lift.
Apple is sometimes accused of worshiping at the altar of cool design at the expense of practicality, but Sony Connect takes that concept to a ridiculous extreme.
Netflix is also entering a more crowded market that includes not only the likes of Apple and Amazon, but also MovieLink, CinemaNow and video-on-demand services offered by cable companies.
Mr. Allen, in a message to all of AT&T's 303,000 employees, lashed out against what he called "relentless" and "inaccurate" news coverage and defended  his business judgment, his salary and his empathy for the "painful results" of AT&T's job cuts.
Waste Management, meanwhile, spent much of yesterday exercising damage control.
Both agencies were dismissed in December just days after Wal-Mart fired Ms. Roehm.
The board of PeopleSoft on Monday rejected the latest offer from Oracle to acquire the company, saying that even at $9.4 billion, or $26 a share, the bid -- made last Wednesday -- undervalued the company, a producer of business applications software.
But, the health ministry official said, that incident had been preceded by one on May 12 when the owner of a bar at Noorderwijk, a tiny village 20 miles east of Antwerp, called both the Ministry of Public Health and the Coca-Cola Company's staff in Belgium to say four adults had become ill after drinking Coke; the symptoms were similar to those reported by the schoolchildren this month.
Coca-Cola Reports a Loss Of $184 Million on Bottling
Wal-Mart doesn't appear to be taking the threat too seriously.
He is also bothered by the use of brown Amazon.com boxes for the merchandise he sells on the other e-commerce sites.
William A. Hewitt, who transformed Deere & Company from a midsized Midwestern tractor company to the world's largest producer of agricultural equipment, died on Saturday at his home in Rutherford, Calif.
Fears for future of free software are raised by lawsuit in which SCO Group, which acquired Unix operating system and its source code in 1995, accuses IBM of breaching its contract with SCO by taking code covered by Unix contract and putting it into Linux, leading example of open-source software development; SCO has sent warning letters to 1,500 large corporations saying that Linux is unauthorized derivative of Unix and that Linux infringes on its Unix intellectual property and other rights; photos (M)
Shares in Aetna, the nation's largest health insurer, dropped more than 17 percent yesterday after the company warned that its first-quarter earnings would be significantly lower than expected.
A.T.& T. employees can also continue working at the company for many months, drawing down their severance pay while they look for jobs within the company or at other concerns.
The commission is deciding whether to file suit against the firm on behalf of Allison K. Schieffelin, who sold bonds for Morgan Stanley until she was fired last month.
Intel also announced the resignation of another senior executive, Carl Everett, who had been at Intel for 18 years and most recently had been co-general manager of its desktop products group.
Motorola Inc says it lost $206 million in first quarter; revenue was $7.75 billion, down 11 percent from $8.75 billion year earlier; operating loss is first in 15 years (M)
One drag on Morgan Stanley's earnings last quarter was its energy-trading operations.
But CBS moved the show from its established slot on Tuesdays at 9 p.m. to the 10 p.m. hour, where it lost more viewers, and weeks later, to Wednesdays at 8 p.m., where it has sunk even further.
IBM plans to announce that it has broken magnetic disk-drive storage barrier of 10 billion bits of data a square inch; company says new technology will first appear in products in 2001; new technology will first be used in 2.5-inch nonremovable disk drives intended for use in portable computers; single-platter disk drive will be able to hold 6.5 gigabytes of data; 3.5-inch platter will hold 12 to 13 gigabytes (L)
A Maryland soft-drink distributor that sued Coca-Cola Enterprises in Federal court, accusing the bottler of fraud, wiretapping and other tactics intended to drive the distributor out of business, has agreed to drop the charges and settle its case.
The decline was steeper than many analysts had predicted, and affected every division within Gap, from Old Navy to Banana Republic.
Procter is extremely secretive and executives were stunned that news of the talks became public and caused a revolt among shareholders.
High-speed service at a costof $40 a month implies that Earthlink would probably pay Time Warner less than $26 a month.
In its lawsuit, Digital charged Intel with infringing on Digital patents in the design of some of its Pentium chips.
Multibillion-dollar setttlement of asbestos-related health claims that Halliburton inherited when it bought Dresser Industries in 1998 hinges on idea of contained bankruptcy and, if it works, may offer way out labyrinth of litigation that has hounded dozens of companies, sometimes for decades, while delaying payouts to claimants who have been disabled or killed by asbestos; was driven by three developments: growing fear of asbestos liability, which if not dealt with quickly has had devastating consequences for companies, interest of claimants to receive compensation quickly, ideally from solvent companies, and claimant lawyers' fear that legislation might be enacted limiting corporate liability; lawyers describe how they reached settlement, which calls for Halliburton subsidiaries, but not Halliburton itself, to file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy and for Halliburton and subsidiaries to contribute to trust to pay claimants; photo (M)
These days, any signs of unity, much less levity, inside the walls of Citigroup might understandably be met with skepticism.
But 74 percent of people taking Celebrex or Vioxx for the first time in 2000 were not considered to be at risk of ulcers, according to Express Scripts.
In a counterattack, Royal Caribbean mailed a letter to P&O Princess shareholders warning that failure to hold the meeting could scotch the proposed merger.
But no one who shops for magazines exclusively at Wal-Mart is likely to see the article, because Playboy is among the titles it does not sell.
General Motors and DaimlerChrysler are dropping lawsuits against California over a landmark clean-air regulation that requires the production of millions of low-emission cars and trucks over the next decade and a half.
A month later, Citigroup suspended two of its leading investment banking executives in China, citing them for presenting false financial information to Chinese regulators and to the bank itself.
Seeking to prevent the canceled book and television interview with O. J. Simpson from becoming public, the family of Ronald L. Goldman, who was killed with Nicole Brown Simpson in 1994, has asked the News Corporation to turn over the rights to the material, a lawyer representing the Goldman family said Tuesday.
Asset management businesses now trade at price to earnings multiples that approach or even exceed 20 times, a valuation that far exceeds Citigroup's own depressed price earnings ratio of just under 12 times its earnings.
Also today, PeopleSoft reported earnings for the second quarter that beat the company's projections, despite the turmoil created by the Oracle Corporation in its hostile takeover bid for PeopleSoft.
Wal-Mart attracts 138 million shoppers a week, a staggering figure unmatched in American retailing, but the portion of Americans who say the chain is their No.
The second quarter is historically a weak one for personal and desktop computers, which account for 80 percent of Intel's business, but the decline this year was among the worst in recent years.
And to Microsoft's request for a delay, the judge told a company lawyer: ''I find it somewhat ironic that your client believes its travails will end at the court of appeals, and yet wants to spend more time in this court.''
From the moment the production problems were first disclosed last fall, Boeing managers were upbeat about their ability to rebound only to surprise Wall Street with more bad news.
The biggest blow came when Motorola, whose beepers account for more than 80 percent of the market, said that it would stop making one-way and some two-way pagers this summer and concentrate on messaging devices for wireless telephone networks instead.
As the Starbucks sandwiches cooled, the texture changed noticeably (as is often the case with microwaved sandwiches), leaving tough bread and bacon, rubbery cheese and spongy egg.
Monsanto officials said that because weeds do not move around like insects, leaving fields free of Roundup Ready crops would not solve the resistance problem.
Apple Computer's co-founder and chief executive, Steven P. Jobs, once said that one was the obvious answer because that made it impossible to push the wrong button.
Air safety investigators will examine possibility that choice of lubricating grease may have been error responsible for crash of Alaska Airlines MD-80 off San Francisco early in year killing all 88 people on board; say plane used grease that may have broken down metal in tail-control mechanism (M)
''We do not want to be the one authentication scheme across the Internet,'' said Robert Muglia, a group vice president of Microsoft.
Boeing also said that in early 2000 it would cut production of the single-aisle 757 to four airplanes a month from five a month and production of the wide-body 767 to 3.5 a month from four a month.
The company also said it would move a computer consulting division from temporary offices in White Plains to another building in East Fishkill, long a company town for the International Business Machines Corporation, but one where thousands of jobs were shed to cut costs in 1993.
This time, when Boeing demanded increased capacity, the companies were more cautious.
The conduct that was the cornerstone of the government's case -- Microsoft's inclusion of Web browsing software in Windows -- was not clearly barred by the Sherman Act under existing case law.
Mr. Klein, 60, who retired in 2004 after 23 years with AT&T and lives near Oakland, Calif., said he decided to make his observations known because he believed the government's monitoring was violating Americans' civil liberties.
Losses from the software company, the Learning Company, were $183 million in the fourth quarter of last year and erased earnings for Mattel,  which makes toys under the Barbie, Hot Wheels and Fisher-Price brand names.
While the French ban on Coca-Cola, Coca-Cola Light, Fanta and Sprite canned by a Coca-Cola factory in Dunkirk, France, could be lifted as early as Wednesday, Pietro Petrucci, a European Union spokesman, said European inspectors would visit that plant and one in Antwerp, Belgium, and might not finish their report until next week.
Even if Alpha fades, Digital would be in the same situation as the Hewlett-Packard Corporation, which abandoned its proprietary chip architecture and collaborated with Intel on the design of IA-64.
There may be no company that has outdone Coca-Cola in selling heritage and history.
Yesterday, Citigroup brokered the sale of $4.1 billion in debt for Fannie Mae that may have pushed it back ahead of Merrill.
It sent the case down to a new Federal District Court to determine what sanctions should be imposed on Microsoft.
General Motors of Canada and the Canadian Auto Workers reached a three-year contract late Tuesday, narrowly avoiding a strike.
A Time Warner spokesman said the deadline had now passed for shareholders to nominate board members for the company's annual meeting in May, as Mr. Icahn had threatened to do in pursuit of a plan to break up the company.
General Motors Raises Stakes in Fuel Economy War with Ford
Verizon's V Cast, high-speed cellular phone network that delivers broadband Internet-quality video, debuts 24 Conspiracy and two other one-minute mobile episodes (referred to as mobisodes) especially shot and edited for cellphones; series, spinoff from TV program 24, is produced by Twentieth Century Fox Television; network gives subscribers access to some 300 video clips, most from two to three minutes long; Cingular and Sprint offer similar service, called MobiTV, which makes more than 20 channels of television available; photo (M)
He would have been willing to delay the ruling, he added, if he had sensed that Microsoft was moving in his direction.
"We think that people will leave their telephone lines on all the time," said Tom Evslin, vice president for AT&T's Worldnet service, as the company's Internet business is called.
And yet, that demand was stoked by AT&T's own lofty projections when it announced Worldnet late last month and said that its initial target audience was the estimated 20 million of its long-distance customers who already have computers and modems.
Microsoft Says Worker Wrote Smear of Rival
Although Microsoft has paid about $2 billion to settle class-action lawsuits derived from the federal antitrust case, the European ruling could have a direct effect both on the civil antitrust lawsuits brought by RealNetworks, which competes with Microsoft's Media Player, and Sun Microsystems, as well as future claims.
Boeing has missed delivery dates on several planes and its stock, which closed at $37.8125 on Friday, is down nearly 8 percent since the strike began.
In an angry letter to his fellow Republican, Senator Gorton told Senator Hatch that he was ''astounded by your letter to Microsoft'' and suggested that Mr. Hatch did not fully understand the issues.
And they can do so simply, just by switching their cellphone or buying some of the clothing that's part of the Red line,'' Bill Gates, the Microsoft chairman who has made fighting AIDS a center of his own philanthropy, said in an e-mail message.
Shanghai is not General Motors' first stop in China.
Alex Paffenroth, who owns Paffenroth Gardens in Warwick, N.Y., said that at one time he thought Whole Foods ''might be a negative, but now I think it might bring more people to the Greenmarket.''
Citigroup, the nation's largest financial services company, said yesterday that its third-quarter profit had more than tripled as its banking and trading businesses rebounded from weak performances a year earlier, when global financial turmoil hurt big banks and securities firms.
Prince III, Citigroup's chairman and chief executive, who has been under pressure from investors to increase the stock price while cutting expenses.
Then, Sanford I. Weill, Citigroup's co-chairman and co-chief executive, last Friday afternoon abruptly told Mr. Black that he should resign, these same executives said.
It would pay a premium over what Caremark shareholders would receive under the pending Caremark-CVS merger -- which the two companies indicated yesterday that they still intended to pursue.
Fred Bernstein article on ethics of Amazon.com urging its customers to resell their used books through Amazon; notes Authors Guild opposes strategy because authors make no money on resales; compares his experiences with reselling books to used bookstore and online; drawing (M)
No wonder Mr. Jobs seemed to have a chip on his shoulder earlier this month when he took the stage to deride Dell's school laptop and compare it unfavorably to Apple's new iBook.
As the two companies spar over their planes, Boeing is also reviving its criticism of Airbus for receiving improper subsidies from its government backers.
But some cautioned that Campbell's might be taking a risk if it chose to focus on its high-margin but slow-growing soup business, a business that accounts for about 60 percent of its revenue.
Ford Motor Co reaches preliminary agreement to settle lawsuits in five states by paying to replace defective ignition systems in millions of cars that, many owners said, could cause them to stall in dangerous situations; settlement is structured as warranty extension and not recall, but safety experts say it will affect more cars than any recall in nation's history; company was accused by judge in 2000 of enormous cover-up by concealing design defect from both regulators and consumers; estimated 22 million cars contained faulty ignition system, and as many as 15 million are believed to still be on road; most were produced between 1983 and 1995; some lawyers for car owners estimate cost of settlement at between $750 million and $1 billion; under proposed deal Ford will also pay lawyers for car owners $29 million; photo (M)
Mr. Smith said Speedera was outraged by the search and believed it to be related to a patent infringement lawsuit brought against Speedera by Akamai in February.
Citigroup lost its top billing after the merger of Bank One and J.P. Morgan.
But even a few of the company's white-collar workers, in an internal message board, recently expressed discomfort with Ford Motor's role in the defeat of a proposal backed by Senators John Kerry and John McCain to raise fuel economy standards 50 percent by the 2015 model year.
Mr. McNealy, a public and bitter opponent of Microsoft, suggested over the weekend that his company's legal battle with Microsoft over the Java language might expand as a result of today's rulilng.
Because of an editing error, an article in Business Day yesterday  about plans by the Boeing Company to hire as many as 5,000 new employees misstated the change in the company's stock price on Tuesday.
But investors fled after Ciena failed to win some expected business, including a $100 million deal with AT&T, and after the collapse of a proposed $7.1 billion merger with Tellabs.
Lags in demand and some difficulties bringing the factory in Fishkill into production have hurt I.B.M.
To recover damages outside that system, Mr. Moore and Ms. Hernandez have to prove that I.B.M.
Mr. Carpenter, 55, ran the Kidder Peabody investment bank when one of its star bond traders was found to have concealed huge trading losses, will oversee the investments Citigroup makes with its own money, Mr. Weill said.
The Justice Department and the 20 states that also sued the company argue that the restrictions represent an abuse of Microsoft's market power.
Microsoft raised the stakes in its European antitrust battle Thursday by warning that the introduction of the Windows Vista operating system might be delayed there because of unclear antitrust guidance from the European Commission.
The Justice Department joined the news organizations today in opposing Microsoft's request to postpone the depositions, apparently out of fear that a postponement would delay the start of the trial.
Federal Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson's findings that Microsoft Corp is monopoly that has stifled competition has left crop of presidential candidates speechless; Vice Pres Al Gore, former Sen Bill Bradley and Gov George W Bush decline comment; Sen John McCain cannot be reached for comment (M)
''We're unhappy with our share,'' said Stephen Crawford, Morgan Stanley's chief financial officer.
Microsoft Settles an Antitrust Complaint Filed by Taiwan
While financial details of the current bids were not divulged, any successful offer for the cable unit would probably have to exceed $40 billion, based on its market-leading 14.4 million subscribers and its contributions to AT&T's overall revenue.
Vista has suffered repeated delays, coming five years after the previous version of the Windows operating system, a lengthy gap Microsoft has vowed will not happen again.
''I dumped most of my shares at $45 last year, but now I think I will begin to buy again,'' said Timothy May, a small Apple shareholder.
Procter has shied from working with agencies owned by WPP, because several of its agencies also work for Unilever, but WPP is in the process of buying Grey Global, a deal that could not proceed without Procter's blessing.
That, in theory, might be another reason for Microsoft to undermine Java's widespread adoption by distributing a nonstandard version.
Merck's unexpected bad news left blue chips with a loss for the day, while high-tech stocks got a lift from bargain hunters.
But the enormous marketing effort allowed Intel to dominate the laptop market immediately; it has since developed a radio processor chip that it began shipping this year.
Another worry for Bank of America involves an estimated $15 billion in credit card loans that MBNA carries for rival banks, including Wachovia.
Canada's debt is rated lower by Moody's, at Aa2.
But late Wednesday, after the close of trading, Goodyear disclosed the accounting and billing errors.
But Morgan Stanley's lawyers argued last week that the commission should drop the investigation spurred by Ms. Simmons's complaint because the firm had reached a settlement with her.
Morgan Stanley Reports A 16% Drop in Earnings
Spanish prosecutors give preliminary approval for former General Motors Corp executive Jose Ignacio Lopez de Arriortua to be extradited to US, where he is wanted on charges of stealing company secrets; Lopez is to appear in court July 7 to state whether he will fight extradition (S)
Aetna said it was confident that the damages would be overturned on appeal, as would a finding by the jury in San Bernardino County Superior Court last week awarding $4.5 million in actual damages in the 1995 death of David Goodrich, 44, a career local prosecutor.
Sun is now seeking to to block all Microsoft shipments of Java-based products that do not meet its compatibility tests.
In its filing yesterday, Edison also attributed some blame to Southern California Gas -- a utility that provides gas service to homes and businesses across Southern California -- saying it did not store enough natural gas last year in preparation for the winter heating season.
Circumstances beyond Intel's control -- a sharp drop in demand for personal computers, turmoil in Asian economies, a sharp increase in competition from other chip makers -- pose serious threats to Intel's hegemony and to its shares.
Intel Corp cautions investors that its revenues will be flat for fourth quarter, not up 4 percent to 8 percent as it expected; cites order cancellations by large customers and general slowdowns in world economy; is latest addition to growing list of companies that face troubles in lethargic market for personal computers (M)
Finally, Microsoft's willingness to make the sacrifices involved in cancelling Mac Office, and the concessions relating to browsing software that it demanded from Apple, can only be explained by Microsoft's desire to protect the applications barrier to entry from the threat posed by Navigator.
MANY Web site developers were angered earlier this month when they learned that the Microsoft Corporation had received a patent covering a fundamental technology adopted by the World Wide Web Consortium, a nonprofit group working to standardize the Web.
The Justice Department complained in its statement that Microsoft's remedies would not ''prevent the company from using its monopoly power in the future to engage in the same kind of illegal behavior to crush new innovations.''
The bidding started in November when Royal Caribbean made a $2.9 billion offer to acquire P & O Princess, No.
In a seven-hour deposition taken here today as part of the Government's antitrust suit against Microsoft, Mr. Norris described several instances in which he said Microsoft had followed through with threats so that ''we were severely disadvantaged in the marketplace.''
One particular dispute concerns whether AT&T benefited from a late, unofficial change in the bidding rules.
As a result, the proposed deal between AT&T and Comcast, which would have been unthinkable only a year ago, is not expected to encounter any serious impediments here.
''It is the government's burden to define the set of customers for whom Oracle, PeopleSoft and SAP are the only options and who are harmed by this,'' Mr. Phillips told attendees of Quest West in San Diego, a user group conference that attracted about 200 representatives from medium-size companies that use products from J.D.
The partner was reassigned after Xerox complained to KPMG's chairman about the partner's actions in 1999.
In June, VeriSign agreed to obey a court order to stop mailing out ''domain name expiration notices'' to customers of its rivals.
If additional money is found for Boeing to keep building the C-17, other military programs may have to be cut.
But for Mr. Purcell, the steeper challenge will be to persuade skeptical investors that he can turn around Morgan Stanley's struggling retail division.
The executives would not comment on the price that Yahoo will pay.
Interpublic, the world's No.
Citigroup declined to be more specific yesterday about which businesses or which geographic regions would face cutbacks, although it said it planned to drop ''several nonstrategic operations'' in both the consumer and corporate businesses.
Guy Moszkowski, an analyst with Merrill Lynch, downgraded Goldman Sachs, Bear Stearns and Lehman based on the erosion of risk appetite among its customers and because he believes the problems of subprime lending are spreading to ''Alt-A'' mortgages, which fall between subprime and prime and accounted for about 13 percent of loans written last year.
Although Wal-Mart's stock has fallen $3 since the day before Thanksgiving, closing yesterday at $53, many analysts said yesterday that the company's stock was still worth buying.
Nevertheless, analysts said today that Biogen, based in Cambridge, Mass., had not demonstrated the superiority of its drug because the methodology of its trial was different from that of the Chiron drug.
Caremark's management has come under fire for refusing to entertain Express Scripts' higher bid.
A federal judge ruled yesterday that the Agriculture Department violated the law by failing to adequately assess possible environmental impacts before approving Monsanto's genetically engineered alfalfa.
Sales of Campbell's trademark soups are lower than they were a decade ago, sending the company's revenue into a tailspin last year and forcing it repeatedly to warn investors to lower expectations.
''We were going to have to make tough choices just for financial reasons,'' said Dr. Goeddel, who will continue to run Tularik as an Amgen research center.
Microsoft has said the judge's comments, which were critical of the company, its lawyers and one of its founders, William H. Gates, showed the judge was biased and provided a reasonable ground for vacating his judgment.
Merck & Co's decision to stop selling painkiller Vioxx because of increased risk of heart attack or stroke in arthritis patients comes at time when company is lagging in effort to close earnings gap with Pfizer, industry leader, and struggling to find successor drugs to its aging top sellers; analysts say company could be forced into merger; Merck chief executive Raymond V Gilmartin rejects that possibility, stressing that company is financially solid; Merck shares plummet 27 percent, dropping to close at $33; Vioxx had $2.5 billion in worldwide sales in 2003, about 11 percent of Merck's total revenues, and it contributed even more to profits; table shows Merck's top-selling drugs; photo of Gilmartin, and Merck Research president Dr Peter S Kim (L)
''Gap brand's decision to shift its marketing mix away from TV in favor of in-store marketing and promotion efforts did not succeed as well as we had hoped,'' said Millard S. Drexler, the company's president and chief executive, in a press release.
Former Apple Computer Co employee Joe Hutsko article on being torn between using iMac and Windows 98 PC; compares benefits and drawbacks of each computer system; says he has reluctantly moved past Macintosh (M)
Intel reported quarterly earnings today that beat the already lowered expectations of analysts by a penny.
He said he was concerned that Oracle was being unfairly lumped with other, struggling, technology companies at a time Oracle is ''on a tremendous roll.''
That message, spelled out on Wednesday and again today by Microsoft executives as part of an annual two-day financial and technical briefing for reporters and analysts, comes as the software giant is mounting its most aggressive campaign yet to move beyond desktop PC's by aiming software at the business-network market and the world of digital television.
Analysis of some legal issues in $604 million damage award against Morgan Stanley in lawsuit brought by Ronald O Perelman over 1998 deal to sell Coleman Co to Sunbeam; discusses Judge Elizabeth T Maass's decision not to grant Morgan Stanley's new counsel a continuance after Kirkland & Ellis withdrew and her decision to reverse burden of proof in case in Perelman's favor; photo (M)
Accusations that Merck did not tell doctors everything it knew about the risks of Vioxx have damaged the company's reputation.
On the issue of rate increases, Verizon said yesterday that it had repeatedly reduced residential phone charges in New York in the 1990's.
Investors have been particularly hard on Bank of America's stock, given the high premiums that Kenneth D. Lewis, its chief executive, has been willing to pay for acquisitions.
Many investors and analysts have been skeptical of Amgen's move, saying the company paid too much for a drug that it must share with American Home and that will soon face new competition.
But Unocal's board, worried that it could no longer support the lower offer from Chevron and seeking to get the best possible price, threatened to back Cnooc if Chevron did not improve its price, the executives said.
The government's case against Microsoft centered on Microsoft's efforts to cut off Netscape's ability to distribute its browser because it was viewed as a threat to the Windows monopoly.
''We didn't anticipate just how weak the semiconductor sector would be,'' said Matthew Hoffman, who follows Motorola for SoundView Technology Group.
August has brought the start of judicial inspections by Ecuadorean authorities of sites that residents contend were polluted by a subsidiary of what is now ChevronTexaco.
The two main unions of Verizon Communications announced today that more than 75,000 workers had voted overwhelmingly to authorize a strike if no contract is reached by Aug. 2.
PricewaterhouseCoopers will also inevitably lose some of its current consulting business because some clients are technology companies that compete with I.B.M.
employee broke any laws, paying the subcontractor $21 million for work it never completed was a violation of I.B.M.
Analysis of Justice Department's escalating antitrust battle with Microsoft Corp; companies in many fields fear competitive threat to them posed by Microsoft's near-monopoly over PC desktop, as main Windows screen is known; Justice Department is concerned that browser software that makes desktop portal to Internet gives Microsoft power to steer consumers to own Internet sites or those of companies that pay for desktop position; is expected to try to break Microsoft's grip on desktop by letting personal computer makers load Internet services chosen by customers before shipping machines; photo (M)
In a news release with the 8-K, Interpublic said it would be able, ''barring unforeseen circumstances,'' to meet a Sept. 30 deadline it had previously set to file delayed financial reports, including results from the last six quarters.
Novartis says it will soon start selling heartburn drug omeprazole, generic version of Prilosec, even though court has yet to approve sale; aggressive move could open Novartis to huge damages if judge eventually rules that its generic version infringes patents owned by AstraZeneca, which sells Prilosec; Procter & Gamble Co says it will begin selling over-the-counter version of Prilosec on Sept 15, priced about 70 cents per pill, or $22 or so for month's supply (M)
In a sign of the video game industry's continuing struggles, Electronic Arts said on Tuesday that it planned to sell its much-awaited Godfather video game next month for $39.95, which is 20 percent less than it typically prices new games.
Europe Considers New Charges Against Microsoft
'' Meanwhile, Mr. Auletta -- who suggested that the trial had irreparably harmed Microsoft's image -- said he had not yet heard from Mr. Gates.
General Motors expressed disappointment, but said it would not affect a larger commitment to G.M.
Citigroup's shares have fallen 27 percent so far this year.
''We're naturally disappointed with the decision,'' said Greg Shaw, a Microsoft spokesman.
Because of an editing error, an article in Business Day yesterday about the investigation of American International Group, the insurance giant, referred incorrectly to the company's estimate of the impact of improper accounting on certain transactions.
Thirty Nigerian families sue Pfizer Inc in federal court, saying company conducted unethical clinical trial of antibiotic Trovan for treatment of meningitis on their children in 1996; it is first suit in US seeking damages from American pharmaceutical company for what plaintiffs say was medical experimentation on foreign citizens without their consent; during meningitis epidemic in 1996, Pfizer treated 100 Nigerian children with Trovan as part of its effort to determine whether drug, which had never been tested in children, would be effective treatment for disease; 11 children in trial died, and others suffered brain damage, were partly paralyzed or became deaf (M)
Mr. Greene charged in a motion on Friday that Pfizer was selectively seeking to keep confidential the documents that were ''the most damaging.''
Drug researchers are now conducting small, fast, relatively inexpensive tests on people to get quick gauge of drug's promise before committing to full-scale clinical trials that may involve hundreds of patients, millions of dollars and many years of study; such 'experimental medicine' tests on volunteers might once have been carried out only on animals, but those who register and monitor research say no ethical problems have arisen so far; University of Munich's testing of anti-anxiety drug described, as well as experimnts by Amgen, Pfizer and Dana-Farber Cancer Institute; photo (M)
US attorney's office and FBI are looking into actions of computer technician at Wal-Mart Stores who, over period of several months, intercepted pager and text messages and also secretly taped telephone conversations between Wal-Mart employees and New York Times reporter Michael Barbaro; attorney's office and FBI are trying to determine whether federal and state laws were broken and whether they have jurisdiction in matter; Wal-Mart says technician was not authorized to monitor and tape conversations between members of its media relations staff and Barbaro; company does not say what led technician to make recordings or why Barbaro's conversations were target; Wal-Mart spokeswoman Mona Williams say company fired technician and supervisor; third manager has been disciplined; Wal-Mart's chief executive H Lee Scott Jr calls New York Times chief executive Janet L Robinson to explain situation and apologize; Williams adds she contacted Barbaro and personally apologized to him; monitored calls occurred from September 2006 to mid-January 2007 (M)
Attorney General Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut, one of 13 states preparing to sue Microsoft, said he and the other Attorneys General ''have an obligation to see through the rhetoric'' and ''the well-orchestrated lobbying and public relations campaign.''
The negative publicity that descended on AT&T after it announced in January that it  would eliminate 40,000 jobs was a turning point.
Under the deal, Interpublic will be able to terminate its lease obligations at the Silverstone racetrack and related agreements no later than the end of this year.
Andrew D. Bryant, chief financial officer of Intel, reiterated yesterday that Intel had suffered from a steep drop in demand from Europe.
Wal-Mart built 157 of these monsters last year and predicted an equally aggressive expansion this year.
The next stop will be Pfizer's head office on East 42nd Street in New York.
Bob Master, a spokesman for the Communications Workers of America, Verizon's main union, said the increase should not be granted until Verizon ''stops lying to state regulators about the quality of its service.''
The report's lead author later said that Johnson & Johnson's money had no influence on the group's conclusions.
In the afternoon session, John G. Roberts Jr., arguing on behalf of the states in the case, encountered stiff resistance as he tried to defend that part of Judge Jackson's decision that found that Microsoft had violated Section 1 of the Sherman Act by tying its Internet Explorer browser to its Windows operating system.
The Interpublic Group of Companies in New York and a former top agency executive said yesterday that they had settled a long and bitter series of legal disputes.
But the initiative to be announced today may be the most aggressive move yet in I.B.M.
Two days later, Dr. Araneta gave her deposition, which was devastating to Merck's defense.
But Tim Halladay, Amazon's director of investor relations, explained that Mr. Bezos was referring to the fact that quarterly pro forma operating losses, after peaking at $175 million in the last quarter of 1999, had declined in each subsequent quarter.
The Australian unit of the Exxon Mobil Corporation has been fined $1 million after being found guilty in June of 11 charges in an explosion and fire at a gas plant in the southeastern state of Victoria.
The agency wants Pfizer to show that torcetrapib actually lowers the risk of heart disease, not just that it raises good cholesterol, Dr. LaMattina said.
The outlook for Fujitsu's long-term debt was lowered to negative from stable, Moody's Investors Service said, citing the company's exposure to the weakened market for telecommunications equipment.
Of course, BellSouth, SBC and Verizon are major wireless competitors as well, but wireless customers are not as profitable as traditional local phone callers -- largely as a result of the price wars and capital investments required in the wireless industry.
In separate instances involving the Intergraph Corporation, the Compaq Computer Company and the Digital Equipment Corporation, the Intel Corporation is accused of withholding technical data about its processors from companies that were designing computers around Intel chips.
But the general counsel, Kenneth C. Frazier, said in an interview yesterday that Merck would consider settling suits brought by people who took Vioxx for long periods of time and had few other risk factors for heart disease.
Supermarket executives acknowledge that Wal-Mart is a threat.
Criticism of Wal-Mart's labor practices, especially its anti-union stance and relatively low wages, has fueled local opposition to plans to build stores in some areas.
Boeing, which has about 197,000 employees over all, has been in tense negotiations with the union, which represents 22,000 engineers and technical workers at the company, since last October.
Goldman Sachs Group says earnings in its first quarter fell 32 percent, to $424 million, above analysts' expectations; investment banking revenue was $893 million, down 22 percent from quarter year earlier but up 12 percent from fourth quarter of 2001; Goldman's outlook for its business does not bode well for rest of steadily shrinking Wall Street (Market Place column) (M)
Although regulations would require the combined company to offer ESPN on the same terms to other cable companies as to Comcast, Mr. Roberts may still have more to gain by raising the fees ESPN charges to other cable operators than by lowering them for Comcast.
His exclusion could have fueled a perception that Genuity suspected that Verizon would cut it loose soon.
Interpublic's investment in Icon, the world's No.
Citigroup said in a statement that was wrong, and that the company was dedicated ''to implementing enhanced practices, procedures and compliance not only within former Associates operations but throughout our entire consumer finance business.''
Side Effects at the Pharmacy; Two Months Into Wal-Mart's Drug Program, Its Drawing Power Is Unclear
With Links to Home Depot Board, Chief Saw Pay Soar as Stock Fell
In its response to the complaint, Johnson & Johnson said Mr. Arce had been fired for numerous violations and had been previously suspended for sleeping during working hours.
Ford faces a particularly tricky task because, compared with previous automotive safety scandals involving small cars, minivans and pickup trucks, the tire fiasco involved what the auto industry classifies as a high-volume luxury vehicle, the Explorer, with an affluent and politically influential customer base.
Merck said it was pleased that the jury had not connected Vioxx to Mr. Cona's heart attack and said it would make a longer statement after the trial was finished.
The announcement came five days after a large GGT unit, Wells BDDP in New York, lost its entire Procter & Gamble Company account, which has billings estimated at $125 million.
Court of First Instance, Europe's second-highest court, is set to rule on antitrust chief Mario Monti's June 2000 decision barring MCI from taking over Sprint and hear Microsoft's appeal of European Commission's March antitrust ruling against it; MCI, then known as WorldCom, appealed partly on ground deal was withdrawn before commission decided to block it; court's president, Bo Vesterdorf, will decide whether Microsoft must change way it sells software in Europe immediately, or whether changes demanded by commission should be postpone for several years pending final ruling (M)
The lawsuit also named Citigroup and CitiFinancial as defendants.
Richard Sandomir TV Sports column discusses dispute between Cablevision and Time Warner Cable, which has left 2.4 million subscribers without MSG Network and Fox Sports New York and, perhaps, temporarily, without access to many televised New York Mets games (M)
On Wednesday and today, Mr. Schmalensee argued at length that Linux, a free Unix-based operating system, posed a significant near-term threat to Windows, the Microsoft operating system that is shipped on more than on 90 percent of all new computers.
State takeover of Flint, Mich, caps series of blows that can be traced to General Motors plant closings that reduced number of its workers in city from 80,000 in 1970's to 20,000 today; city officials and residents concede that city bears much of blame because it did not adjust to its rapidly declining tax base and curb spending; City Council is challenging state takeover; Edward Kurtz, Flint's state-appointed financial manager, says his chief concern is debt burden, now nearly $40 million; photos (M)
's complaint is that Boston Scientific has failed to collect, analyze and report problems that patients and doctors had with the company's devices.
Oracle shares closed at $22.9375, down $9.4375, pulling down other technology issues and leaving the Nasdaq index with a loss of 1.8 percent.
Since Microsoft released its clone, the two companies have waged a public war of words while simultaneously carrying on a hacking cyberwar as America Online has tried to electronically lock Microsoft Messenger users out of its network and Microsoft has at least 13 times managed to find new backdoors.
If the AT&T deal is completed, as is widely expected, Comcast -- now the nation's No.
AT&T has wanted to sell that stake back to AOL Time Warner and use the proceeds to pay down debt.
''We are confident we can show that Microsoft's Windows operating system and the browser were two separate products and they were tied together for the purpose of destroying its competition with a range of predatory tactics,'' said Stephen D. Houck, chief of the antitrust bureau of the New York State Attorney General's office.
Washington critics of Boeing -- particularly those who contended the $20 billion aerial tanker contract was a sweetheart deal for the company -- said its actions confirmed their earlier suspicions of an overly cozy relationship between Boeing and the Air Force during the negotiating of the aerial tanker deal.
Joyce Albers, an analyst with Deerfield Partners, which manages health care stock funds, said Humana's problems ''show what a lag this industry has in trying to figure out what costs are.''
New data will be presented in San Antonio today on Arcoxia, a new COX-2 inhibitor being developed by Merck.
Some of the stock sales were made in the fall of 2003, about the time Craig Conway, then PeopleSoft's chief executive, made misleading statements to financial analysts, saying that Oracle's hostile bid was not affecting PeopleSoft's sales.
Navigator had been the dominant browser until Microsoft began an aggressive campaign to supplant it in the last five years.
THE MARKETS: Market Place; Citigroup Is Pelted on Potential Losses and Liabilities
Norfolk Southern is scheduled to go into Federal District Court in Philadelphia on Monday to seek a preliminary injunction blocking the Conrail-CSX merger.
In its filing yesterday, Microsoft denied all of the Government's major allegations.
At this store, only 18 of the 172 ''associates'' are full-time employees, a major step toward Wal-Mart's 2007 goal of introducing Japan to its bare-bones motto, ''Every Day Low Prices.''
Altria's support has created a split among American tobacco companies who once walked in lock step while disputing claims that cigarettes are addictive, opposing regulation and new taxes, and in fighting off lawsuits.
Supermarket executives asserted that they needed to reduce pay to compete with Wal-Mart as it expanded in California.
''This is going to be tough for Intel in the near term.''
But there are persistent submissions that the staff has chosen to ignore, said the editor of Ask Yahoo, Nancy Hubbard.
State prosecutors and Clinton administration officials had repeatedly emphasized that Microsoft's antitrust violations demonstrated that a consent decree restricting the company's policies would never work to constrain the company from future violations.
But taken to one logical conclusion, amendments to the copyright bill could lead Apple, the market leader, to leave the French music business, said Jonathan Arber, a research analyst in London at the technology consultancy Ovum.
Cable systems are clashing with sports programmers around the country, whether it is the fight between Cablevision and the YES Network that kept New York Yankees games off the air in much of the metropolitan area last year or feuds this spring between Fox Sports and Time Warner Cable in Minnesota and Orlando.
Federal antitrust prosecutors propose schedule for remaining proceedings in Microsoft Corp antitrust case that by taking years to conclude could have limited effect on company's new operating system, Windows XP; prosecutors ask that hearings to determine how to penalize Microsoft begin in February, more than three months after introduction of Windows XP; Microsoft has denied accusations by rivals and critics that Windows XP, by integrating many different computer applications, presents even more antitrust problems than earlier versions of operating system that were at issue in lawsuit (M)
Correction of Advertising column March 15, about lawsuit filed by Saatchi & Saatchi against global account director for General Mills account; one campaign noted
Analysts said part of Sears's problem is increasing competition from Wal-Mart, which will also compete aggressively on the online clothing front.
The board of American International Group removed Mr. Greenberg as chief executive in March and he later resigned as chairman.
The American International Group has resolved a dispute with Hyundai Securities which appears to remove the last major barrier to its takeover of the financial units of the Hyundai group, South Korea's largest conglomerate until its breakup last year.
The chief executive of Procter & Gamble, the consumer products giant, resigned yesterday as the company announced it would suffer another disappointing quarter and its stock price fell to less than half of what it was worth just four months ago.
Many of 19 state attorneys general who are part of antitrust suit against Microsoft Corp are lobbying and cajoling handful of their colleagues to join majority and ask court to break Microsoft into two parts; few attorneys general view this remedy proposal, favored by Justice Department and most of states involved, as too extreme; but others fear that fractured decision could harm government's case and give power to any Microsoft argument that not even plaintiffs agree on this remedy; joint federal-state plan calls for breaking Microsoft into two separate and competing companies; one would own Windows operating system, and the other everything else--including company's Web browser, word processing and spreadsheet software and Internet properties; proposal also includes range of restrictions on conduct that would stay in place a short time if breakup is carried out and longer time if it is not (M)
Stung by its poor showing over the Thanksgiving weekend, Wal-Mart Stores -- which accounts for about 10 percent of the nation's retail sales, excluding autos -- is quickly changing some selling strategies, executives said yesterday.
The difficulties at the Learning Company have to do with slowing sales in the CD-ROM business in general, a Mattel spokesman said.
Investor Responsibility Research Center report says many of world's largest companies are doing poor job of preparing for business impact of global warming; says most of 20 corporate giants are also failing to disclose to investors enough about financial risks they face from climate change; finds none of companies have produced dollar estimates of potential costs or benefits of climate change, like more extreme weather, or of financial impact of changing regulations on carbon emissions; adds eight companies, including General Electric, General Motors and Exxon Mobil, made no mention of climate change in filings last year with Securities and Exchange Commission (M)
Still struggling with the aftermath of two strikes, the General Motors Corporation reported yesterday that car and light-truck sales fell 36.4 percent in August.
In response, the Federal Surface Transportation Board in Washington declared a transportation emergency on Friday in the West and ordered Union Pacific to open a section of track to a Texas competitor, the Texas Mexican Railway, to ease the gridlock.
Merck's new drugs have yet to become fast sellers, and several of its mainstays were hurt by stiff competition.
That is, the accusation is that I.B.M.
No one thinks Kohlberg Kravis, Bain and Vornado are going to bring Toys ''R'' Us up to the level of F.A.O., which sells $150 checkerboards and a $15,000 Mercedes sized for children.
In a harshly worded complaint to the commission, AT&T said Frontier has dragged its feet in switching customers over to AT&T -- except for those with a history of not paying their bills.
He offered his regrets to Interpublic shareholders, whose stock has lost 57 percent this year.
As if to underline Mr. Coen's predictions of a problematic 2001, Interpublic disclosed late yesterday that it would sharply lower estimates of second-quarter earnings, to 30 to 35 cents a share from an estimate on March 19 of 40 to 45 cents a share.
Executives at Herbert Mines Associates who conducted the search along with Heidrick & Struggles said Mr. Pressler turned down Gap's job offer several times before he finally accepted.
Ford Motor Co will not pay bonuses this year to 6,000 middle-level and senior managers, including its chief executive, Jacques A Nasser; announcement comes months earlier than ususal for major corporations to act on executive compensation; Ford paid $440 million in bonuses in 2001, or about $75,000 per eligible employee; Nasser received $7.7 million bonus last year; Ford's action increases concern among economists that other companies might quickly take similar steps, using sluggish economy as excuse (M)
But the process of remaking Citigroup has been bloody.
In May, a French judge ruled that Yahoo, which is based in Santa Clara, Calif., had violated French law and offended the ''collective memory'' of the country, an allusion to the Holocaust years, by allowing online auctions of Nazi paraphernalia on its English-language auction site.
And they questioned him about Microsoft's contracts with computer makers that required them to exclusively install the browser to the detriment of Netscape Navigator.
The decision was viewed as a major coup for both Amazon.com, a leading Internet bookseller, and the smaller bookstores that had waged an aggressive campaign to kill the transaction.
Boeing delivered 527 planes last year, 62 percent of the total, but its leadership is clearly threatened.
The earnings report, coupled with a refusal by Morgan Stanley executives to offer any guidance about when business may be expected to improve, led to some rude treatment in the stock market.
In 2001, Gap was criticized for having too many insider board members and for its interlocking directorships -- Mr. Drexler was on the board of Apple Computer, and Steven P. Jobs, Apple's chairman and chief executive, was on the board of Gap.
Moody's Investors Service revised upward its debt ratings outlook for the Omnicom Group, New York, to stable from negative, citing factors that included cash flow and operating performance.
In the end, the risk to Microsoft may not be that it will be forced to pay fines as large as the 497 million euros, or $613 million, being sought by the European Commission, or even to distribute a competitor's program, as it was reported to have agreed to do in ultimately unsuccessful settlement talks with the commission.
A subsequent drop in the shares of Nextel would have led Motorola to report a loss of $157 million after taxes in the 1995 fourth quarter.
Verizon Communications said yesterday that it would allow current customers in 13 Northeast states to drop telephone service but continue to get high-speed Internet access through digital subscriber lines.
For almost two decades, the fortunes of the Intel Corporation and of Microsoft have been inextricably bound, as the two companies have come to dominate the hardware and software hemispheres of the personal computer world.
The industry says that beef is less of a problem because McDonald's hamburger meat comes from dairy cows, which do not routinely receive antibiotics in their feed.
Top executives at dozens of long-distance companies have blanketed House leaders with letters opposing the bill, while AT&T began pushing its thousands of employees, shareholders and retirees to put pressure on members of Congress.
Nathanial T Heatwole, North Carolina college student suspected of placing box cutters and other banned items aboard two Southwest Airlines jets to demonstrate gaps in airport security, is expected in federal court in Baltimore on Oct 20; it is not clear what criminal charges, if any, he might face; he is student at Guilford College, Quaker school with tradition of pacifism and civil disobedience (M)
Intergraph Corp's claim of antitrust violation against Intel Corp may end up playing central role in broad antitrust suit that Federal Trade Commission plans to file against Intel; Federal Judge Edwin L Nelson concluded last month there was 'substantial likelihood' that Intergraph would succeed in proving its claim, thus paving way for FTC action; although other competitors have accused Intel of violating antitrust laws, Intergraph is first to take public stand against Intel (M)
Companies that now compete in that business, where VeriSign once had a monopoly, have criticized the new contract for modifying an earlier requirement that VeriSign sell its registrar business.
By the time he realized what MBNA had done, he said, the bank had deactivated the McIntyres' Visa cards, leaving them with American Express cards that are not accepted at some places he shops near his home among the Adirondack Mountains.
But the News Corporation and its allies -- whose ranks have grown to include corporations like the Tribune Company -- said that explanation did not answer a more fundamental question: Why were the people meters failing to register the viewing preferences of many black and Hispanic homes?
Why do Fifth Third's 12,000 employees run so hard?
Boeing and the Pentagon are willing to weather the criticism because the deal is so important to both of them.
Verizon Communications asks Federal Judge John Bates to stay his court order requiring company to disclose identity of Internet subscriber to Recording Industry Association of America; Verizon is appealing case, which will determine whether copyright holders can use shortcut subpoena process to gain access to personal information about Internet subscribers they suspect of illegally copying material online; Verizon argues recording industry's view of its rights under copyright law is incorrect and unconstitutional because it would violate privacy of subscribers; recording industry association says it will oppose Verizon's effort to block order (S)
But he stressed that the Stern family was a ''significant and growing'' client of Bank of America's corporate and investment bank.
A General Motors Axle Supplier Is Also Facing a Strike Deadline
J P Morgan Chase and Citigroup, two biggest lenders to Enron Corp, have given distinctly different responses to questions about their ties to failed company; J P Morgan has rushed to detail its potential losses, while Citigroup has repeatedly rebuffed inquiries; Citigroup apparently had enough involvement in Enron to prompt Robert E Rubin, chairman of Citigroup's executive committee and former secretary of Treasury, to call Peter R Fisher, under secretary of Treasury for domestic finance, on Nov 8 and broach subject of Fisher's possibly calling bond rating agencies in hopes of averting immediate downgrade of Enron's debt; Fisher rejected idea; most analysts estimate net value of Citigroup's exposure to be about $1 billion; J P Morgan has already said its earnings will be reduced by $220 million for bad loans to Enron, and its trading revenue for quarter will be reduced by $235 million after bank marked down value of trading positions involving company; photo (M)
In the case, a group representing consumers accused Microsoft of overcharging for Windows and Office software.
INTEL POSTPONES IRISH EXPANSION
The effort is being led by a shrinking number of companies that pay for health coverage for millions of retired workers -- notably General Motors, Ford, Verizon, SBC Communications, I.B.M.
Under the decision, the prices Verizon charges competitors to lease network access will fall as much as 38 percent.
Mr. Weill said that Citigroup would no longer arrange financings that would allow companies to keep debts off their balance sheets unless the details of these transactions were fully disclosed to investors, auditors and key executives of the company.
Lawyers now estimate that Merck will face 35,000 to 40,000 lawsuits, rather than the 100,000 that were initially forecast, and investors have lowered their estimates of the company's overall liability in the litigation to $10 billion or less, rather than the $20 billion or more initially forecast.
Food and Drug Administration permits Johnson & Johnson DePuy Spine unit to market artificial spine disk in US as new form of treatment for people with severe lower back pain; disc, called Charite, represents first wave of such devices that are expected to become available over next decade as alternative to spinal fusion surgery; spinal disk implants are projected to become billion-dollar market for medical device companies in next decade (M)
''It's a tough business for older products,'' said R. Gordon Douglas, an industry consultant who ran the vaccine business for 10 years at Merck & Company.
Microsoft said that in the case of AOL Instant Messenger, the buffer overflow error did not result in a program crash.
In the early 1990's, Microsoft dismissed an employee for anonymously posting criticisms of I.B.M.
Phil Holden, product manager for Microsoft's Windows product group, said the delay came about because the company had originally planned to ship one upgrade for users of Windows 95, with an upgrade for users of Windows 3.1, its predecessor, to follow three to six months later.
Less than an hour before state and Federal governments were set to file sweeping antitrust suits against the Microsoft Corporation, the company announced today that it would postpone the release of its new operating system, Windows 98, for three days so that settlement talks could proceed.
Indeed, oil industry analysts say that the effort by the China National Offshore Oil Corporation to outbid Chevron for Unocal appears to pose less risk of generating domestic shortages or other energy-security headaches than other foreign acquisitions that have been approved by the government.
Railyards overflowed and delays mounted, as customers filed suits to recover their losses and Union Pacific stock plunged.
After four years of investigation and 19 months of litigation, the Justice Department and 17 state attorneys general proposed on April 28 that Microsoft be broken into two companies.
Lawyers for Microsoft and its adversaries at the Justice Department will begin two days of oral arguments before seven appeals judges in a case of historic dimensions for consumers, the computer industry and the law.
Maurice R. Greenberg, the chief executive of the American International Group and a strong advocate of government help in providing general terrorism coverage, urged yesterday that Washington get out of the business of providing terrorism coverage for United States airlines for damage on the ground.
She added that Bank of America has mixed up payments they sent to pay off two loans.
The intense rivalry between the two companies was heightened last winter when Boston Scientific lured Guidant away from a proposed merger with Johnson & Johnson in a bidding war that ended with Boston Scientific paying $27 billion for Guidant.
Despite a decrease in the demand for lodging, Marriott added about 31,000 rooms last year.
Apple's move is significant, industry executives said, because it indicates that despite the end of the browser wars of the late 1990s, Microsoft's continued ability to retain more than 80 percent market share is a continuing threat to its competitors.
Yet, over the last five years, Home Depot stock has fallen 12 percent, performing worse than its peers and the Standard & Poor's 500 index, which fell 4 percent.
Word of the criminal investigation eclipsed much of the good news that had come out of Xerox of late.
In its response, filed today in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, Microsoft made little effort to dispute the new charges, saying they were ''irrelevant facts given in a desperate attempt to cloud the issues.''
''We've had a number of chemical companies and auto parts companies warn in recent weeks, so it shouldn't be surprising that Goodyear is having earnings problems,'' said Charles L. Hill, director of research at First Call.
Daewoo Motor Company becomes object of bidding war between General Motors and Ford Motor Co after South Korean Govt decides to solicit offers instead of negotiating with single buyer (M)
''Just as Deryck is the ultimate survivor, Citigroup is emerging through this ugly period as a survivor,'' said Michael Holland, president of Holland & Company, a money management firm, and a former Salomon executive.
Even though fears that the News Corporation might try to make a deal with Echostar have sent Hughes stock reeling, Hughes holders who oppose working with the News Corporation may be hard to dissuade.
To be sure, uncertainties remain for Microsoft.
European Commission rejects set of restrictions that Microsoft wants to impose on trustee who will be charged with policing last year's antitrust ruling against company; Microsoft wants to have veto on what issues monitoring trustee can examine (M)
Boston Scientific has said its actions, including setting up secret production in Ireland, stemmed from justifiable efforts to protect itself from constant threats by Medinol to cut off stent supplies.
AT&T is also trying to sell the Imagination Network, an on-line game service  that has also proved a failure.
Pressure had grown on Time Warner as politicians in Washington and New York either urged Time Warner to put ABC back on the air or declared they would hold hearings on the issue.
Apple officials have said they will cut costs so that the company can break even on annual revenue of $8 billion, down from an earlier target of $9 billion.
As a result, Mr. Boies asserted, ''Microsoft charges Gateway a significantly higher price for Windows than Microsoft charges Dell or Compaq.''
But officials at Microsoft, the world's leading maker of personal computer software, remained cautious in their outlook, citing concerns about the uncertainty of corporate spending on solutions to the Year 2000 computer clock problem as well as continued financial crises in many foreign markets.
''We know you understand the seriousness of falsely and maliciously maligning the men and women of Ford Motor Company.''
For Boeing, the Air Force tanker lease deal is crucial to maintaining its 767 production line and to helping rebuild revenue in its troubled commercial airline business.
Shannon Curley, an analyst at Banc of America Capital, a unit of Bank of America, said Aon had been losing brokers to competitors and that they had been taking business with them.
If Comcast acquires Disney, for example, it will only tighten the screws for MGM, the last major free-standing studio in a business of intertangled conglomerates.
Waste Management Stuck in Accounting Mire
Mr. Tobin is working against the headwind of the company's long-running patent battles with its archrival, Johnson & Johnson, and a bitter dispute over who is to blame for the breakup of a partnership with Medinol, an Israeli device maker.
Ford's strategy has some similarities to the approach that Johnson & Johnson took after seven people died in Chicago in 1982 when they consumed cyanide-laced Tylenol capsules.
Last month, Sematech, the 10-year-old research consortium financed by 10 American chip manufacturers, including I.B.M., announced that it had produced silicon wafers -- the basic building block of a chip -- with copper deposited on them.
Of course, there is nothing to demonstrate that if Microsoft is broken up, its experience, for better or worse, will resemble AT&T's.
''We are a global leader in monitoring supplier factory conditions,'' Wal-Mart said yesterday, ''and if we find that any of our suppliers' factories are unwilling to correct problems, we end our relationship with them.''
That pledge could prove crucial for Wal-Mart, whose banking ambitions have sparked considerable protest and prompted the first public hearing in the 73-year history of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, which would regulate a Wal-Mart bank.
But last evening, Norfolk Southern, which is unwilling to give up its bitter two-month fight for the railroad that has a virtual monopoly over freight traffic in the Northeast, fired back with its own revised bid: $10.5 billion cash, or $115 share.
SET's power lies in its controller technology, which helps Xerox in two ways.
Mr. Reitinger, who worked for the Justice Department on computer crime before joining Microsoft, said, ''it's still very hard to catch people online.''
*Do marketers like Eastman Kodak, which is running a print advertisement for a new digital video camera-MP3 player showing the product locked in a padded cell to illustrate its ''multiple personality,'' realize that such depictions can be hurtful to people who suffer from mental illness?
Auto industry observers believe that Kirk Kerkorian, one of General Motors' largest shareholders, will want to place Jerome B York on GM's board--a threat to GM chairman Rick Wagoner; Kerkorian and York are in fact reprising their roles of decade ago, when Kerkorian was Chrysler's largest shareholder and turned to York to be his right-hand man in what became unsuccessful and contentious takeover bid; people briefed on situation say several of GM's assets are viewed as expendable, including parts of General Motors Acceptance Corp and Saab and Hummer brands; photos of Kerkorian and York (L)
A draft decision to block the proposed acquisition of Honeywell International by General Electric was endorsed today by a panel of European regulators.
Softbank America remains Yahoo's largest investor with 14.3 percent, but Softbank no longer has to consolidate Yahoo on its balance sheet.
''Despite vociferous complaints from a parade of Microsoft's rivals, who obviously would prefer less vigorous competition,'' the company declared, ''there was remarkably little evidence about the impact of Microsoft's actions on consumers, who are, after all, the intended beneficiaries of the antitrust laws.''
Merck is a component of the Dow Jones industrial average and it was a big factor in that indicator's loss of 55.97 points yesterday, to close at 10,080.27.
Analysis: While Ford Motor Co recently acknowledged that sport utility vehicles can be hazardous to other motorists, law professors and plaintiff lawyers say it remains difficult to win lawsuits based on damages that sport utilities inflict in crashes; trial lawyers and automakers say that they are aware of only one lawsuit so far in which a car occupant has sued manufacturer of sport utility that hit her; that case, against Land Rover, was summarily dismissed in January by Superior Court judge in Los Angeles who concluded that automaker had no legal duty to consider what would happen to other vehicles and motorists struck by its products (M)
But its recent troubles do have competitors suggesting, and not so subtly, that now might be a good time for Microsoft employees to look around for new jobs.
In the second half of the 1990's, entrepreneurs frequently complained that the specter of Microsoft hung over their every conversation with venture capitalists.
About 100 protesters marched at Adobe's headquarters in San Jose today, and protests were held in several other cities.
''It would be difficult to comment on a film we haven't seen, but we'd question the fairness of a documentary that is being tied to the Wake-Up Wal-Mart campaign,'' she said.
''Verizon's hand is really forced; they'll have to raise their bid,'' said David Willis, an industry analyst at Gartner.
Charles Herold Game Theory column reviews video games Bullet Witch, developed by Cavia and published by Atari for Xbox 360, and Def Jam: Icon, developed by EA Chicago and published by Electronic Arts for Playstation 3 and Xbox 360; photos (M)
Andy D. Bryant, Intel's chief financial officer, said the sluggish sales in the quarter were the result of a shortage of chipsets, components that work with microprocessors.
Other companies whose products are not yet protected by the new anticounterfeiting measures still complain about piracy on eBay, and some longtime sellers complain that they are left in the dark about changes to the complex ecosystem on which they depend.
Floyd Norris  Correction:  July 14, 2001, Saturday  The Floyd Norris column in Business Day yesterday, about financial troubles at Corning Inc., misidentified a $2 billion security issued by the company.
Verizon argued that the shortcut was meant to apply to only a narrow set of circumstances and that its broad use would violate its subscribers' privacy and due process rights.
Last year Home Depot reported record earnings per share, record gross and operating margins and record sales of $81.5 billion.
Xerox Reports Loss Before Accounting Change
Gilbert F Amelio resigns as chairman and chief executive of ailing Apple Computer Inc; abrupt ouster of turnaround specialist casts doubt on company's future; Ellen Hancock resigns as executive vice president for technology; Steven P Jobs, co-founder and strategic adviser, will assume expanded role in months ahead as company searches for new chief executive; photo (M)
Actuaries for Farmers and Progressive said that the reason for their rate moves was simple: Their customers who drive sport utility vehicles and pickups have been incurring unusually expensive claims to cover the damage and injuries they inflict during accidents.
That did not sit well with eBay, and early Wednesday the IDG News Service reported that eBay had decided to drop all the ads it places on Google's search engine.
Interpublic reports weak results and lowers revenue and earnings forecasts for this year.
The recent history of attempts to combine media content and distribution businesses means the Comcast bid for Disney must overcome skepticism among many investors.
Yahoo's Quarterly Earnings Double but Disappoint Investors
That effort to differentiate Morgan Stanley from the other firms appears to have angered Mr. Donaldson and Eliot Spitzer, the New York attorney general, who criticized Mr. Purcell's statements on Tuesday.
Verizon Is Told to Cut Access Rates
Still, Anne M. Mulcahy, Xerox's chief executive, made no attempt to sugarcoat the quarter.
Georgia-Pacific Corp and Verizon Communications, two corporate members of powerful coalition Business for Affordable Medicine that is lobbying for legislation to bring generic drugs to market more quickly, leave group or reduce their roles after companies that make brand-name medicines threaten to end contracts with companies; Georgia-Pacific asks that it no longer be listed as member on coalition's Web site after receiveing pressure from Eli Lilly; Verizon has been pressed by Wyeth (M)
In the four-week trial, dozens of Wal-Mart workers testified that under pressure from their managers they frequently clocked out after 40 hours and continued working.
Three senior executives at Citigroup were forced to resign yesterday as Charles O.
Asked about Pfizer's move, Billy Shawn, chief executive of the Canadian Drugstore Inc., an Internet pharmacy, said that it could lead to product shortages and price increases on his and other Web sites selling to Americans.
And, most expected Corning Consumer Products, with annual sales around $630 million, to fetch no more than $650 million.
Two weeks ago, Power Computing's president, Joel Kocher, resigned, citing irreconcilable differences with Apple over the right to use its technology.
Seven years after Trans World Airlines Flight 800 was destroyed by an explosion in its center fuel tank, Boeing is testing a 747 in which such explosions are nearly impossible, with a protective system that it is hoping to install on planes around the world.
Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson has criticized Microsoft and its leaders, and Microsoft has argued in legal briefs that the comments make him unfit to judge the company.
His company's software would replace the armies of consultants who maintain these systems, threatening turf occupied by I.B.M.
''The risk appetite in the international market is changing,'' said Richie Prager, global head of emerging markets for Bank of America.
While the compromise most likely to emerge from Microsoft's efforts could be no more than a promise to re-evaluate the standards after a fixed number of years, the lobbying effort -- by a $6 billion company with a reputation for take-no-prisoners competitiveness -- has been watched with a mixture of fascination and anger by the parties on the other side of the dispute.
For some the Gap ad is risky business.
And while Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson concluded that the company had violated antitrust laws and kept ''an oppressive thumb'' on the competition, Mr. Ballmer in effect insisted that Microsoft's legal and image problems stemmed from the fact that it had never been able to shed its little-guy mentality.
A fourth executive mentioned in the complaint, Richard DeMartini, who oversees asset-management, is still at the bank, a Bank of America spokesman confirmed yesterday.
''When uncertainty spreads, as it is spreading now, you focus on defending your profitability,'' said Ralph F. Hake, executive vice president and chief financial officer at Fluor.
Before the market can stabilize, he said, some of the big technology companies, like Microsoft and Cisco Systems, have to be able to hold their ground in the face of disappointing earnings news.
Frank Bonomo, who is between apartments and living with his parents on Long Island after losing his job at a dot-com, spends nearly every workday at a Starbucks in Greenwich Village.
Announcement by William H Gates, chairman of Microsoft Corp, at last month's Comdex show that company had developed breakthrough technology for improving readability of text on flat-panel color displays used on laptop computers produces new industry controversy; Microsoft says new technique, known as Cleartype, is result of work done by Bill Hill, Microsoft researcher; within hours of introduction of Cleartype, the Internet was filled with messages that new technique was suspiciously similar to approaches developed many years earlier by researchers at Apple Computer, IBM, Xerox Corp and elsewhere; no one is suggesting that Microsoft intentionally violated patent rights of any other company or individual; major reason for industry's fascination is that issue is related to theme central to Government's current antitrust case against Microsoft during which executives of high-technology companies have portrayed Microsoft as opportunist firm that often copies and absorbs innovations of other, smaller companies but seldom invents much of its own; Microsoft executive responds; photo; chart on Cleartype technology (L)
The largest steel supplier to General Motors is threatening to cut off shipments because of a dispute over contract terms that has turned into a legal battle.
In the online access market, in which subscribers pay fees, Microsoft's MSN service had nearly two million members in the third quarter last year.
Simultaneously, the two competitors have engaged in an angry public debate over whether Microsoft is using illegal, monopolistic tactics in an effort to take market share away from Netscape in browsers and Internet servers.
But KPMG ignored these warnings and failed to ask for evidence from Xerox to support its accounting practices.
But now, with General Motors aggressively pushing to move more work to nonunion plants, at home and abroad,  the United Automobile Workers, emboldened by a booming economy and low unemployment, has decided to strike.
Wal-Mart, he said, is currently ''offering big-screen TV's but no service warranties.
That view of Mr. Gates and Microsoft, as examplars of success that are being tampered with, is echoed repeatedly among those who believe that the operating-systems marketing wars of the 1980's are over and that resurrecting them will hurt business and slow progress.
Motorola said yesterday that it would add 2,000 more workers to its previously announced job cuts, bringing the total in the last year to 32,000.
While Xerox, which is based in Stamford, Conn., has dismissed Mr. Bingham's accusations, some investors and analysts think they deserve further scrutiny.
KIPLINGER'S TAXCUT  (Published by H&R Block; available from www.hrblock.com; Windows and Mac; Deluxe version, $19.95; other versions available.)
Though both cases could take months to conclude, a suit against Intel will never reach a Federal District Court.
Scott Wingo, chief executive of ChannelAdvisor, which makes e-commerce software, says smaller companies have the same reasons as larger players to fear partnering with Amazon on warehouse distribution.
Adding to the problem, Nike requires retailers to order shoes five months before delivery.
Federal prosecutors have brought the first insider trading charges after an investigation into possible illegal trading that occurred in shares of the Lotus Development Corporation before it was bought by I.B.M.
The new Microsoft mouse is designed for right-handers, and it works only with computers with Windows, so it's hard cheese for left-handed Macintosh or Linux users who have glass-topped desks.
But the two companies were not prepared to make an announcement yesterday, she said, because AT&T would have to research the number of potential customers and how much they might be willing to pay.
The appeals court decision did express a reluctance for having the judiciary meddle in software design decisions, though it also found that Microsoft had illegally ''commingled'' code when it bundled its browser with Windows.
Before photographs or videos are used on the Yahoo site or distributed by Reuters, photo editors at Reuters will try to vet them to weed out fraudulent or retouched images.
The lawsuit's assertion that Philip J. Purcell, Morgan Stanley's chairman and chief executive, had a direct role in Mr. Curry's arrest is also a contention held by Mr. Luethke and denied by Mr. Purcell.
AT&T Corp reports first-quarter loss of $975 million compared with loss of $373 million year earlier; revenue fell 11.3 percent, to $12.02 billion from $13.55 billion; chairman C Michael Armstrong comments (M)
Microsoft Corp is developing software meant to shield people from electronic and voice mail, appointment requests, Internet information and other electronic distractions while they are working; many computer-design experts believe restricting such interruptions to only the most urgent ones has become a pressing necessity in the Internet age; research on software, called Attention User Interface, is led by Eric Horvitz, and his work makes use of statistical techniques developed by Thomas Bayes in 18th century; photo (M)
Dr. Gail Cawkwell, Pfizer's medical team leader for Celebrex, said numerous studies had shown that Celebrex, which had worldwide sales of $1.5 billion in the first half of this year, did not carry the same risk as Vioxx.
Two recent acquisitions, Deekay Enterprises, which runs the National Blind and Wallpaper Factory chain and provides mail-order services, and Maintenance Warehouses, also a direct-mail company, indicate that Mr. Blank aims to extend Home Depot's tentacles outside the retail box.
Tim Boyd, a Caris & Company analyst, said that eliminating duplication and red tape at Yahoo would be difficult.
Morgan Stanley also announced a $7 million loss for its individual investor group.
The fallout between Wal-Mart and Ms. Roehm, considered by many to be a rising star in marketing, shook the advertising world because Ms. Roehm had overseen Wal-Mart's $580 million ad agency selection in the fall.
Yesterday, Mr. O'Neill came to work and informed Campbell executives that he would be going to Heinz nonetheless, but with a different title, Mr. Lowery said.
Of course, these events have not gone unnoticed at Airbus, which has lost some freighter orders for its A380 to Boeing in recent weeks.
The move by Quark is highly unusual: Quark is a privately held company and thus has no stock to offer Adobe shareholders.
Merck has denied the study's finding.
Although Wal-Mart Canada has achieved the market domination of its parent company, two factors set it apart.
Otherwise, ''like it or not, the bid has signaled that Comcast don't like the strategic set of cards they have been dealt,'' Mr. Moffett said.
But Mr. Gillmor, who is co-sponsoring legislation that would prevent Wal-Mart and other non-financial institutions from expanding into retail banking, disagreed.
The documents also suggest that Microsoft sought to pressure Intel to cancel its plans to invest in Go.
AT&T Wireless executives said that the service would cost about $30 a month above the cost of standard cellular voice service, plus additional charges for data beyond an initial number of minutes each month that the company has not yet determined.
Under the deal Comcast proposed on Sunday in a two-page letter to AT&T, the Roberts family would own no more than 1 percent of the combined Comcast-AT&T cable operation, but would control about 42 percent of the company's votes.
The resistance issue is surfacing at a tough time for Monsanto.
Throughout the hearing, Judge Jackson appeared to be skeptical of Microsoft's assertions that it had fully complied with the order.
Mr. Scott of Morgan Stanley made more of an issue of rising pay, saying that it and the firm's fast pace of hiring ''took their toll'' during the quarter.
Correction:  July 18, 1998, Saturday  Because of an editing error, a front-page article yesterday about the Lockheed Martin Corporation's cancellation of a proposed acquisition of the Northrop Grumman Corporation misstated Northrop's position on the importance of the deal.
A.T.& T., as well as three of the regional companies known as Baby Bells, posted depressed fourth-quarter and full-year earnings yesterday.
Cisco Systems Inc, No.
European antitrust regulators are considering requirement that Microsoft sell two versions of Windows in Europe--one with music and video-playing software stripped out--should they find company to be abusive monopoly; regulators may also demand that Microsoft propose 'within a few months of a ruling' what computer code for Windows it should disclose to make operating system fully compatible with programs and servers manufactured by rivals; European Commission is nearing final ruling in five-year-old case (M)
executives argue that a networked computing world is more technologically diverse than Microsoft's model can handle.
Legendary investor Warren E Buffett is in unfamiliar position of having to defend integrity of his Berkshire Hathaway, one of world's largest and most successful insurers; investigators around world probe whether company's General Re Corp and other of it insurance units were involved in possible financial manipulation at insurance giants like American International Group and Zurich Financial Services Group and whether Buffett or other Berkshire executives in United States were aware of deals; Australian investigators say they have traced many transactions suspected of contributing to collapse four years ago of Australian insurance company HIH to Berkshire unit in Dublin, where at least two Berkshire executives recently banned from Australian insurance market for abusive practices continue to work; photos (M)
Financier Ronald O Perelman's fortunes are looking up after jury awards him $604 million from lawsuit against Morgan Stanley tied to his investment in Sunbeam; Revlon, cosmetic company that is his most prominent holding, is also in better shape these days, having reduced its debt sharply over last year, and shares of some of Perelman's lesser-known investments are holding their own; recent developments could mark renaissance for Perelman, who after developing reputation as one of most fearsome raiders in 1980's, suffered embarrassing string of losses; photo (M)
And in September, the agency said it thought that Allstate had coerced and intimidated agents into surrendering their rights in violation of federal law.
Richard Doherty, a computer industry consultant and president of Envisioneering, said the dispute between Apple and RealNetworks intensified the debate about control over the sale and downloading of music.
Cingular also offers a data service, though it is more limited than the Verizon Wireless service.
That was the argument for insisting that the Internet Explorer browser was an indivisible part of Windows, and it says volumes about Microsoft's ambitions for this product.
Mr. Whitacre and his team were also widely credited by analysts with bringing Nordstrom's notorious inventory overstocking problems under control.
And Motorola, the dominant beeper manufacturer, announced last December that it would no longer make one-way pagers.
Oracle Corp's chief financial officer, Jeffrey O Henley, says that analysts gathered at company's OpenWorld trade show in San Francisco were mistaken if they understood his comments on Oct 3 to suggest company is lowering its revenue and earnings projections; drop in Oracle's stock for second consecutive day is linked to Henley's comments (M)
The discussions in Washington are heated, but the worst case for AOL and Time Warner is a regulatory regimen that forces it to let competing Internet service providers use the combined company's cable systems on terms that are not quite to its liking.
Negotiators for the two striking unions and the company, Verizon Communications, stalled on several issues, including the contract for about 50 union members at Verizon's wireless division, the people said.
But its nonaudit consulting fees were $17.8 million, including a $3.7 million ''strategic review'' that was virtually ignored by Waste Management.
''Seeing a sports team wouldn't surprise us, since we've had listings for four or five athletic teams, including two minor league baseball teams,'' said Kevin Pursglove, an eBay spokesman.
Because New York Life is formally owned by its policyholders and is not required to disclose as much financial detail as publicly traded companies, analysts said it was difficult to evaluate the price Aetna was  expected to pay for NYLCare.
Noting that the states' expert computer science witness, Prof. Andrew W. Appel of Princeton University, had spoken of four ways that Microsoft could remove programs from Windows without impairing its ability to function, Mr. Kuney asked Mr. Gates why one of those options would not work.
has also discussed selling its stake to AT&T, but concern over such a transaction heightened recently after European regulators sought to block General Electric's acquisition of Honeywell.
The alumni association of the University of California did not know that MBNA was switching some of its members to American Express until they started calling to complain, said Mark E. Appel, the association's chief operating officer.
But getting it wrong can cause problems, and Amazon is not the first company to find that automated online recommendations carry risks.
The Northrop Grumman Corporation, the military contractor, agreed yesterday to buy Litton Industries, a supplier of military electronics and information systems and the nation's largest maker of surface combat ships, for $3.8 billion in cash.
Under the circumstances, George Morrow, executive vice president for commercial operations at Amgen -- which lobbied for the provision -- contends that there is no point any longer in conducting the study.
Bruce Goldfarb, senior managing director and general counsel of Georgeson Inc, provider of proxy solicitation services, says corporate annual meetings have been quieter this year because companies and shareholder activists are working out their differences in advance of gatherings; says actual meetings themselves are not where action is going to be, it is going to be in dialogue leading up to meeting; annual meeting of shareholders of AMR, parent of American Airlines, may be exception; four shareholder proposals will come up for vote, including two related to executive pay; unions are rankled by executive pay after benefits concessions; photo (M)
Belgian health ministry official says four people become sick at bar near Antwerp and blamed drinking Coca-Cola for their illnesses on May 12, almost four weeks before Coca-Cola Co publicly acknowledged contamination in Belgium that led to biggest recall in its 113-year history; first the public in general knew of scare was on June 8; Coca-Cola spokesman Randy Donaldson says company checked out May 12 incident and had no reason to be concerned; Coke spokesman Rob Baskin says it is first time he is hearing of May incident (M)
The settlement does seek to prohibit Microsoft from bullying business partners and rivals, and forces it to share some of its tightly held technical information.
Gregory B Maffei, chief financial officer and co-president of Oracle Corp, resigns unexpectedly, less than five months after he joined company; Safra Catz, co-president with Charles Phillips, will assume Maffei's post as chief financial officer (M)
Executive headhunters say Evan Greenberg, who resigned as American International Group president and chief operating officer, will have abundance of choices when he seeks new job; photo (M)
Mr. Grubman had been known for his dim view on AT&T and shortly after the wireless offering was made to investors, he lowered his rating on the company once again to hold.
Now that Microsoft has lost the contest for AOL, it must find a way to regain traction on the Internet.
General Motors has reached an agreement to buy most of the Daewoo Motor Company from Daewoo's creditors for about $1 billion, but leave the most troublesome parts on the creditors' hands, at least for now, people in the industry said.
Before last week's dramatic decision to buy Next Software Inc., Apple had considered other options, including the former Apple executive Jean-Louis Gassee's Be Inc., as well as Sun Microsystems's Solaris and even an obviously desperate alternative: Microsoft's Windows NT.
Mr. Gates also discusses, even if he seems to gloss over them, the competitive threats to Microsoft that are coming from outside the personal computer industry.
As the proposed deal is structured, Comcast is offering $44.5 billion in Comcast stock and would assume $13.5 billion in debt.
Exxon Mobil attributes this year's drop to completion of some big projects last year (when spending also declined), and notes that those projects have enabled it to raise production.
A state court judge ruled Thursday night that the coroner who conducted the autopsy of Robert Ernst, who died after taking the painkiller Vioxx, can testify in the lawsuit that Mr. Ernst's widow has brought against Merck, the maker of the drug.
Or with the film ''Independence Day,'' in which an Apple Powerbook computer -- which in real life had been recalled because of quality problems -- was supposed to have saved the world from alien attackers?
In a letter to Ms. Kroes on April 11, Steven A. Ballmer, Microsoft's chief executive, proposed four possible solutions to the European concern that Vista would harm competition for document formats and document-reading software.
Such worries about Microsoft have little to do with intricacies of computer programming.
Last year, Toys ''R'' Us lost $18 million on $376 million in sales on the Amazon site, the company said.
Nasdaq Stock Market's rejected $4.1 billion offer for London Stock Exchange raises questions of bank representation in possible exchange consolidation; Citigroup, JP Morgan Chase, Merrill Lynch, Greenhill & Co, Goldman Sachs, Lehman Bros, Morgan Stanley and UBS all have possible stake in deal as it goes forward (M)
''Yahoo may now have no more employees who ever uttered the phrase 'you just don't get it,' '' said Lanny Baker, an analyst with Salomon Smith Barney referring to the rallying cry of Internet revolutionaries.
Apple Computer on Tuesday introduced an updated version of its iMac home computer with a minimalist all-in-one system that hides the computer's internal components inside a flat- panel L.C.D.
Justice Department files Federal court petition charging Microsoft Corp with violating earlier antitrust agreement and asks judge to order company to stop forcing makers of personal computers to include its Internet browser when they install Windows 95 operating system; Atty Gen Janet Reno accuses company of unlawfully taking advantage of its Windows monopoly to protect monopoly and undermine consumer choice; seeks fine of $1 million per day in civil contempt charges if company fails to change policy; antitrust prosecutors say move is intended to open competition for browser software, and prevent Microsoft from leveraging its monopoly over world's market for computer operating systems into complete control of World Wide Web; Microsoft says antitrust prosecutors misread earlier agreement; will vigorously contest action; broad implications of court challenge for heated contest between Microsoft and Netscape Communications Corp over Web browsers discussed; photo (M)
Yahoo disputes the notion that it is losing people at an unusual rate, saying that it had named about 80 vice presidents worldwide this year, most of them promoted from inside.
Heirs of John Sengstacke hope to keep his chain of black-owned newspapers in family despite financial problems that include $4 million estate tax bill; newspapers include Michigan Chronicle and Chicago Defender; Myiti Sengstacke, granddaughter, has decided to replace Northern Trust as trustee, fearing its dedication to its fiduciary duties would result in sale of newspapers; advisers say she could pay off tax debt and then reorganize company under either merger or issuance of additional stock; another possibility would be to find investor to pay off debt in exchange for nonvoting preferred stock; Myiti Sengstacke says her family could put together management team to entice advertisers and try to lure back many of black readers, now middle class, who have abandoned black newspapers across country for more upscale newspapers and magazines; photo (L)
Bank of America has not been named in any regulatory or related complaint in the matter.
IBM will stop selling its personal computers in retail outlets in North America and sell them only on Internet after Christmas; Thinkpad laptops will still be available in stores, and corporate computers will be sold through dealers, as well as directly from company; IBM is abandoning retail stores because it has been losing ground to companies that sell directly to customers, like Dell Computer Corp and Gateway Inc; IBM's personal computer division lost $1 billion last year and $240 million in first half of this year (M)
But a bit farther down came a warning, if Mr. deBottari was nonetheless tempted to give the new Medicare program, called Part D, a try: ''Your Boeing prescription drug coverage is part of your Boeing retiree medical plan.
From the 1975 low to the 1983 high, Intel rose 2,540 percent.
''We have not offered a bonus in either of our two proposals,'' said Peter Conte, a spokesman for Boeing.
Citigroup has agreed to pay up to $20 million to North Carolina customers of the Associates First Capital Corporation to settle allegations that Associates illegally tricked them into buying expensive and unneeded credit insurance as part of their mortgage loans, a practice at the center of a Federal Trade Commission lawsuit against Associates.
But the research has been done with little cooperation between the two camps, except during short, unsuccessful settlement discussions with Microsoft in the spring of 1999.
In a radical departure for the traditionally secretive company, Kodak warned that its first-quarter earnings would come in below many analysts' expectations but gave detailed, and much rosier, forecasts for the rest of the year.
Steven A. Ballmer, the president of Microsoft, set off a market reaction by claiming that the stocks of high-technology companies, including those of his own company, are not worth as much as their prices would indicate.
Microsoft said it was hobbled by a large number of defections among customers who had signed long-term contracts a few years ago in return for rebates of as much as $400.
Shares of Viacom have fallen 14.4 percent; the News Corporation, 22.4 percent; and AOL Time Warner, 6.3 percent.
''You can no longer call it a 'debt laden company,' '' Gerald M. Levin, Time Warner's chairman, told reporters yesterday.
He said he saw no contradiction in selling the consulting arm to I.B.M.
Some owners of Citigroup's shares were critical of Mr. Mayo's report, saying that any estimate of the bank's liabilities was premature.
Executives close to the News Corporation say Hughes is resisting a merger because Mr. Smith is concerned about losing his position after any deal.
The witnesses have departed, but the paper wars began today in the Microsoft antitrust trial as both sides presented the court with book-sized documents detailing what each camp believes are the facts of the case.
Connecting the viewer to Adidas or Nike through design, however, is more difficult in the Olympics because of regulations that limit the size of logos.
A Netflix spokesman said the problem was known, but occurred only rarely.)
Paul R. Hoeber, a San Francisco lawyer representing Mr. Kasky, said that in various responses to its critics, Nike had simply been ''making factual representations to consumers about its own practices to get them to buy its products.''
Victor J. Menezes, who headed Citigroup's emerging markets business at the time, was stripped of those duties because of the Argentine losses.
It's not only an opportunity to learn, but an opportunity to problem-solve for Intel.''
Apple Computer, which has been creative in so many other ways recently and whose current motto is ''Think Different,'' was apparently thinking undifferent that day and merely recycled the name from an earlier, uglier model also known as the Power Macintosh G3.
The company's shares have also been weighed down by warning letters from the Food and Drug Administration about quality control problems at Guidant and across all of Boston Scientific.
Amazon.com last week modified its search engine after an abortion rights organization complained that search results appeared skewed toward anti-abortion books.
World Business Briefing
Several analysts noted that Kodak faces heavy pricing pressure in film, huge investment costs in China, a negative impact from currency translations and persistently sluggish top-line growth.
Yet even in that dismal climate, Kohl's, which has turned itself into an apparel powerhouse by selling midrange designer clothes and footwear, saw November sales in stores open a year rise 26 percent in November.
It lost money in the fourth quarter, in good part because Danka Business Systems, the ailing distributor that bought Kodak's copier sales and service operations in 1996, had fallen behind on payments for Kodak equipment.
Last June, the court held that Microsoft had illegally used its market power to damage the position of the Netscape Navigator Web browser and the Sun Microsystems Java programming language, both potential competitors to Windows.
Unlike other filings, it is not an advocate's brief, amplifying the arguments of one side or the other, although Microsoft protested Mr. Lessig's participation in the case.
But the crisis in Europe, in which hundreds of people said they felt sick after drinking Cokes, has revealed a different Coca-Cola, one that stumbled repeatedly, making an unfortunate situation even worse.
Tiffany stopped the practice of pen tapping almost 10 years ago; you probably didn't even notice.
If Yahoo started banning every club that offended some users, it would kill what many free-speech advocates say has made the Web so interesting and dynamic.
Ford Motor Co's senior executives plan to meet with major investors after third-quarter results are announced next week to appeal for patience as company tries turnaround; analysts say warm reception seems unlikely; investors regard Ford Motor as weakest among Big Three auto companies, and analysts say they do not sense much urgency in overhaul efforts; photo (M)
Both Yahoo and Google have emerged as potent threats to television networks because they are drawing ad dollars to their existing sites.
Mr. Zuendt said the biggest problems resulted from a shortage of experienced bankers to answer the telephone lines that Wells Fargo wants to use to replace conversations in branches.
The Dow Jones industrial average, in which Wal-Mart is a large component, closed lower for the fifth straight day.
The building was to have been part of a campus for Morgan Stanley, whose headquarters is about two blocks away at 1585 Broadway at 47th and 48th Streets.
The European Commission said Wednesday that it had rejected a set of restrictions that Microsoft wants to impose on a trustee who will be charged with policing last year's antitrust ruling against the company.
In Microsoft Case, RealNetworks Says Competition Is Unfair
But since the Vioxx withdrawal, questions have swirled about whether Merck knew the risks of Vioxx several years ago but had covered them up.
''I'm not ready to write McDonald's off,'' Mr. Balzer said.
According to William White, a Sprint spokesman, Mr. LeMay told  Mr. Esrey on Tuesday that he planned to leave Waste Management.
He added that the voluminous court record, including thousands of e-mails, internal Microsoft documents and months of witness testimony, had shown that Microsoft was an arm-twisting monopolist, whose corporate behavior stifled competition and harmed consumers.
review raised the possibility, by no means certain, that Aetna would have to restate earnings.
What has angered Comcast the most, according to people close to the company, is the fact that AT&T has met with others, including Disney and Microsoft, that have not signed the agreement.
The case drew the attention of President Vladimir V. Putin, who called the case ''utter nonsense,'' and the former Soviet leader Mikhail S. Gorbachev, who wrote a letter to Microsoft's founder, Bill Gates, asking the company to drop the charges.
A Wal-Mart spokeswoman, Sarah Clark, whose responsibilities include ''reputation management,'' said she was unaware of Mr. Greenwald or his movie until she was contacted for this article.
''Microsoft won't be happy about the last month.''
Although that period might be extended for reasons like a legal dispute, a billing dispute or a clerical mistake, she said, eventually those names are made available for purchase through VeriSign and other registrars.
What businesses from car companies to banks fear is that Microsoft, by controlling the gateway to the Internet, will become an indispensable intermediary between them and their customers.
''People started calling me at home and at work as soon as VeriSign's service started,'' said Paul Vixie, president of the consortium, which is based in Redwood City, Calif. ''They were demanding a way around it.''
Boeing shares tumbled nearly 8 percent the day that the loss was reported, and have slipped even more since then.
In Cincinnati, Procter executives began working on logistical issues, reshuffling schedules for local managers who had no working computers -- only clipboards and pens -- to manage deliveries.
Hewlett-Packard, according to Ms. Carone, lags well behind Xerox in the size of its sales force in the office market and in related software and services.
Last year, Kodak filed a complaint with the World Trade Organization, contending that Fuji and Japan's Ministry of International Trade and Industry were collaborating to keep foreign products out of Japan.
Verizon denies providing local telephone records to National Security Agency for database to track terrorists (M)
But Mr. Gates said a partnership made no sense until Microsoft was well along in developing Windows Mobile 5.0, which it released in May.
The Intel lawyers and executives contended that under antitrust law, it must be proved that Intel's behavior harmed competition not in the computer manufacturing business but in Intel's industry -- the microprocessor business.
By last year, Motorola's entire semiconductor business outside of chips for its communications equipment had fallen to 13 percent of revenue, less than the company makes from its sales of two-way radios to fire, police and other government agencies.
Mr. Crawford said Morgan Stanley executives thought that the worst of the downturn that started in early 2000 had passed.
The General Motors consortium that is taking over the three key Korean plants of bankrupt Daewoo Motors acquired a strategic partner in China today in the form of the state-owned Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation.
Waste Management, Under Pressure, Plans Wide Revamping
Southwest Airlines Flight 741 took off for Chicago a minute before 7 o'clock Sunday morning, inaugurating a critical city for Southwest, the nation's largest low-fare carrier, and setting off a flashpoint for the brutally competitive airline industry.
General Motors Corp chairman John F Smith Jr urges Federal Reserve to reduce interest rates; says spreading economic troubles overseas could cause a recession in US if Fed does not lower rates soon (S)
But Mr. Conway, the analyst, was concerned that Mr. Stahl's departure would leave a gap in Coke's management structure.
EBay's stock has been languishing in recent weeks, dropping as low as $25.50.
One of the more striking claims to come from Caldera's suit is the testimony leaked to the news media that is said to have been given in the deposition of Stefanie Reichel, a former Microsoft account manager in Germany.
Citigroup resigned from the creditors' committee last month, although J. P. Morgan remains a member.
The Joost partnership gives Viacom something it pressed with YouTube but never received: a share of advertising revenue.
Then, according to a complaint filed yesterday by the Securities and Exchange Commission against Xerox, the company demanded that KPMG move that partner off the audit.
A merger of Verizon and MCI would involve fewer redundant operations, a fact that cuts two ways.
Kellogg Co, seeking to break out of prolonged slump and keep its American cereal business cost-competitive, says it might close part of plant in its hometown of Battle Creek, Mich, and dismiss as many as 700 of 1,100 workers there; cuts would come by first quarter of 2000 and would produce savings of $35 million to $45 million a year (S)
What makes his choice awkward is Mr. Friedman's relationship with Mr. Rubin as co-chairman of Goldman Sachs for two years.
General Electric Co's planned acquisition of Honeywell International appears near collapse after GE says that its final concessions will probably not satisfy European regulators; GE chairman-chief executive John F Welch Jr says European regulators' demands exceed anything he or European advisers imagined, and differ sharply from antitrust counterparts in US and Canada; events lead to internal meetings at United Technologies about possibility of making bid for Honeywell; proposed Honeywell acquisition would be first big American deal to be blocked soley by European regulators; Europeans worry that combined company could control too much of market for aviation products and could direct far too much business to itself (M)
While calling Boeing's decision inevitable, he added: ''I could be wrong.
That left AOL worried that a new version of the joint venture would have to compete with online services owned exclusively by Microsoft.
Browsers and Borders Are Argued at the Microsoft Trial
First, it says that operating- system software prices would be lower if Microsoft were not a monopoly and that consumers would have more choice.
The company has also been criticized by labor unions, which say Wal-Mart fights their organizing efforts.
Teaser advertisements, intended to offer a preview of a new campaign for Viagra, are scheduled to begin today as mobile billboards in Chicago, Los Angeles, New York and San Francisco, said Paul Ewing, a spokesman for Pfizer in New York.
Two economists, Mark Zandi and Juan Manuel Licari of Moody's Economy.com, detailed the dangers recently.
Warnings about treating young people with antidepressants by Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency, Britain's equivalent of Food and Drug Administration, have left doctors in Britain uncertain whether rules protect patients from suicide or limit physicians' ability to treat them; agency exempts Eli Lilly's drug Prozac; British regulations, which were phased in from June to December 2003, do not ban other antidepressants outright; leaves decision to specialists in child psychiatry, who are deemed able to assess whether antidepressants increase risk of suicide or self-harm; drugs are sold in US under names Paxil, from GlaxoSmithKline, Zoloft, from Pfizer Inc, Effexor, from Wyeth, Celexa, and Lexapro, from Forest Laboratories, and Luvox, from Solvay (M)
Representatives of Boeing and the airlines declined to comment on the matter because of the pending litigation.
The vulnerability, which is known as a buffer overrun flaw, could permit an attacker to gain control of a Web server by sending data to a computer running certain versions of the Microsoft operating system.
After three fruitless days of discussions with a federal mediator, talks between the Boeing Company and its striking engineers and technical workers broke down on Saturday night.
In essence, the reconfiguration of Minute Maid mimics the model at Coca-Cola: Make a product that can be shipped worldwide, make people aware of your brand and drive demand for it through advertising.
But it is the deal with Microsoft that has drawn criticism, because to many it smacks of handing the company a de facto monopoly.
But Mr. Molloy said that Intel's problems with the Chinese standard were ''philosophical'' as well.
But during five hours of testimony, a diverse group of Wal-Mart's opponents, including community banks, lawmakers and activists, said that the company could not be trusted to stay out of consumer banking.
''While no final decision has been made,'' Mr. Klein said, ''the department is committed to finding a remedy that will protect consumers, innovation and competition by putting an end to Microsoft's widespread and persistent abuse of its monopoly power and to rectifying its unlawful attempt to monopolize the Internet browser market.''
Correction:  March 1, 2001, Thursday  Excerpts in Business Day yesterday from oral arguments in the appeal of the Microsoft antitrust case, as transmitted by Federal Document Clearing House Inc., misattributed six quoted passages.
's woes should not affect most other technology companies, as the slowdown is related to the sort of very large computers for which I.B.M.
PeopleSoft's board officially rejects Oracle Corp's $5.1 billion hostile takeover bid; says offer 'dramatically undervalues the company' and is effort 'designed to disrupt' PeopleSoft and its planned merger with J D Edwards & Co; Oracle's chief executive Lawrence J Ellison continues to mock PeopleSoft-J D Edwards deal even as PeopleSoft board rejects bid; battle between Oracle and PeopleSoft escalates further when J D Edwards announces that it has filed suit against Oracle in state court in Colorado, accusing company of interfering wiht its proposed merger with PeopleSoft; is seeking more than $1.7 billion in damages; J D Edwards also files suit in California against Oracle, Ellison and Oracle's executive vice president Charles E Phillips, contending that they engaged in unfair business practices; J D Edwards chairman-chief executive Robert Dutkowsky denounces Oracle's offer for PeopleSoft; Oracle reports fourth-quarter earnings that beat expectations slightly; says net income increased 31 percent compared with quarter year before, to $858 million; total revenue increased 2 percent, to $2.83 billion, for quarter ended May 31 (M)
The AT&T service will have a relatively low introductory  price, and there have been industry reports that it might also charge a flat monthly fee for unlimited use -- a feature sought after by many consumers.
Farzad Nazem, Yahoo's chief technology officer and one of its longest-serving executives, said he would leave on June 8 after 11 years at the company.
''Our whole approach is all about privacy and security for our members, and I think this is really embarrassing for Microsoft.''
An investigator working for Yahoo filled in a Web page from Golddisk asking to be removed from its list, its lawsuit said.
Of course, Bank of America's competitors in New York are unlikely to take the company's arrival lying down.
"It's a huge mistake to draw the conclusion that because AT&T is pulling out, there is no market here," said Jim Freeze, director of application-based network services at Compuserve, a unit of H & R Block .
Dick Davidson, chairman of the Union Pacific Corporation, the railroad's parent company, called the merger the ultimate solution to service backups, rather than their cause.
Instead of my usual home page, what appeared on the screen was an unfriendly looking digital blockade bearing the Verizon logo.
TBWA/Chiat/Day resigns its part of Sprint Nextel advertising account; declines to participate in review; California branch works with Apple Inc which, is collaborating with Sprint's competitor AT&T (S)
Amazon.com posts slightly better-than-expected financial results in second quarter, as its operations continued to stabilize; reports loss of $94 million compared with loss of $168 million year ago; revenue rose 21 percent, to $806 million; modestly raises its financial expectations for third quarter; chief executive Jeffrey P Bezos comments; photo (M)
General Motors Corp has expressed dismay at recent hiring by Publicis Groupe of senior GM executive to oversee account of competing carmaker Toyota Motor at Publicis agency; catalyst for dispute was hiring last month by Torrance, Calif, office of Saatchi & Saatchi of Kurt Ritter as chief executive and overseer of Toyota account; Ritter had been general manager for Buick and Pontiac divisions of GM (S)
And big corporate customers -- burdened with debt, weak share prices and slow revenue growth -- are in no position to transact the kind of deals that fueled the bull market and kept the cash rolling in for Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs.
Wal-Mart's quiet little victory in Vermont has been echoed throughout the Northeast, where the retailer has lately been mounting an aggressive expansion drive with little of the uproar that accompanied its rocky start earlier in the decade.
Priceline also said that its revenue would be lower than analysts expected for the current quarter and that its losses would be wider.
Intel responded to Advanced Micro's aggressive price cutting with deep discounts of its own.
If Mr. Icahn and the Time Warner chairman, Richard D. Parsons, come to terms, Mr. Icahn would shelve the fight for control of Time Warner, with the backing of three investment funds and the investment banker Bruce Wasserstein of Lazard.
Mariann Caprino, a Pfizer spokeswoman, said that the lawsuit related to activities that took place years before the acquisition and that Pfizer employees did not promote drugs for unapproved uses.
The allegations of the Digital employees were echoed today by Lawrence Ellison, Oracle's chairman and a longtime personal foe of Mr. Gates.
Analysts said lagging sales were particularly acute in Germany, a crucial market for McDonald's on the Continent.
He said the company's relationship with the customer, whom he would not identify, had been severed after the company was notified about the Microsoft paper by a reporter.
A spokesman for News Corporation, Andrew Butcher, said, ''We made no secret of the fact that we have been talking to General Motors and Hughes among others, but we have no comment at this point on how those talks are progressing.''
Mr. Bryant said that even through mid-September, Intel still expected to post a blockbuster third quarter but that because of the weak euro and a rise in oil prices, demand in Europe had ''stopped dead in its tracks.''
Poor planning and overly aggressive lending on Citigroup's part also played a role in the loan losses.
According to the task force's report, the company has made ''real progress'' toward achieving the goals that were set forth in the settlement agreement of the 1999 racial bias lawsuit against Coke.
But Mr. Lessig said that if the 1998 case did not apply -- and he raised doubts that it did -- Microsoft might well have violated the law.
A federal jury found yesterday that Wal-Mart Stores had discriminated against a disabled Long Island man who briefly held a job at the company's Centereach, N.Y., store, and ordered the company to pay him $7.5 million in damages.
ChevronTexaco is the biggest foreign oil producer in Angola, and pumps about 400,000 barrels a day from the Block Zero field.
Motorola Says It Will Cut 15,000 Jobs
Moody's Investors Service reduces credit rating of AT&T Corp to level that may make it more difficult for company to issue commercial paper (M)
Last week, Apple said it would spend $100 million to purchase the Macintosh business of the Power Computing Corporation, the largest and most aggressive of the handful of companies that have been selling computers that run the Macintosh operating system.
David Pugue column on four laptop computers that suffer neither from full-sized laptops' bulkiness nor from ultralight laptops' lack of features; they are made by Apple, Fujitsu, NEC and WinBook; photos (M)
George Simeon, chief executive of Organic Valley, a cooperative of mostly small organic dairy farmers, wrestled with the high cost of organic production a little over a year ago when Wal-Mart asked for a 20 percent price cut.
Morgan Stanley is asking a judge to stop Ivan from using the domain name.
For a day, blame it on Richard Sherlund, Wall Street's leading Microsoft analyst.
Mr. Bezos said that under Amazon.com's wing, Junglee would cut back on this sort of price comparison.
Over the years, Microsoft has often been portrayed by its rivals and critics as a greedy giant, trying to bundle all kinds of products into Windows and stifling consumer choice.
Still, the company's statement said, ''In an abundance of caution and to avoid any further misconception, this company has adopted a policy that we will no longer encourage citizens to make their views known to Governor Bush on behalf of Microsoft or any other clients in the future.''
If people continued to buy the bundled version of Windows in preference to a package of applications compiled by computer vendors, this would imply that the commission was wrong to believe that Microsoft has been limiting consumer choice, Mr. Bourgeois said.
That followed a statement by Claude Bebear, a Vivendi Universal board member, denying that he said he expected Apple to offer about $6 billion for the company.
If Goldman Sachs is sometimes accused of being a hedge fund masked as an investment bank, Citadel has elements of an investment bank disguised as a hedge fund, minus the investment bankers.
The company has been battling Microsoft for months over Microsoft's implementation of Java, which Sun says was modified in violation of the marketing license.
''It's hard to find people who say bad things about Procter & Gamble here; we all own the stock,'' said Stephen C. Stricker, a Cincinnati resident and stockholder with friends at the company.
Morgan Stanley, which is based in New York, drew criticism from some shareholders two years ago for holding its annual meeting in London, a rare instance of an American company's taking its meeting abroad.
But Hasbro officials said they had given warning and noted there was relatively little movement in the stock.
Canada's Supreme Court rejects appeal from Wal-Mart Canada over efforts to unionize another store in Quebec; court offers no reason for decision (S)
And just as he did in several of those cases, he released internal documents and e-mail messages yesterday showing that H&R Block executives were aware that their customers were losing money on a product marketed as an Express IRA.
In trading yesterday, FirstEnergy bonds were sharply lower, but not so much as to indicate that bond investors thought the company was in imminent danger.
Verizon Communications, in first step toward stand-alone digital subscriber line services in regions where it operates, will begin allowing current customers in 13 Northeast states to drop telephone service but continue high-speed Internet acess through DSL (S)
The possibility that Vioxx might increase the risk of heart attacks first emerged three years ago, in a Merck study of 7,000 patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
Time Warner Cable yesterday became the first major cable company to introduce a family-friendly tier of programs in response to calls from organizations and lawmakers concerned about offensive programming.
To avoid violating securities regulations, Cisco said it made the leaked information public before the Nasdaq opened for trading today.
Even as it announced the WorldCom settlement, Citigroup also said it was adding billions more to a reserve fund to cover the potential costs of other litigation, including Enron-related lawsuits.
Checkfree's chief executive and chairman, Peter Kight, said that his company would lose money in 1997 as a result of the Intuit Services acquisition.
Michael Pachter, a video game industry analyst with Wedbush Morgan Securities, said that if it persisted, Microsoft's apparent trouble in manufacturing the consoles could cause consumers to lose enthusiasm.
Corning Reports $4.76 Billion Loss, Citing Write-Offs
Oracle Corp, showing signs it is serious about its hostile bid for PeopleSoft, says it will drop its objections to PeopleSoft's latest move to acquire J D Edwards, rival business software maker; also leaves open possibility that it will increase its $6.3 billion bid for PeopleSoft; Oracle, by dropping its objections to amended bid made last week, is waiving one of terms it set out as part of its offer for PeopleSoft, which many in industry initially viewed as attempt to interrupt Edwards deal (Market Place column) (M)
While he normally has his wine delivered, he said, he ''would much rather buy a couple of bottles at Whole Foods than one of those lousy liquor stores.''
Over the next year or so, while he is serving as heir to the corporate throne, Mr. Immelt may not face a true test in maintaining General Electric's momentum, analysts and other experts say.
Microsoft distributed an earlier version of Java but it stopped when Sun brought an antitrust lawsuit against Microsoft.
Undoubtedly, the sales were a factor in Cisco's decline to a low of $13.63 in early April from $42.63 in late January, and they threaten the company's ranking as the second-most widely held stock among mutual funds.
In the Electronic Arts action game The Godfather, it is easy to become distracted from the game's central story, wandering off to rob a bank, buy a shady business or steal a rival mob's truck.
Ruth La Ferla Front Row column; Gap features Madonna prominently in new ad campaign; some say it is risky because her star has fallen; two novels about fashion industry, The Devil Wears Prada and Lucia, Lucia by Adriana Trigiani, appear on best seller list; photo (M)
Judge Jackson ruled that Microsoft illegally tied its browser to its monopoly product -- its Windows operating system -- and that some of its contracts were an illegal use of its monopoly muscle.
In federal court, Sun Microsystems has portrayed Microsoft's Internet services software effort -- known as .Net -- as a virtually unstoppable monopoly.
Mr. Stern denounced the legal action as a ''personal vendetta'' intended to ''distract the media'' from bad financial results at CBS-owned radio stations.
Ford Motor Co's Focus model might be most error-prone car in industry; low-cost car, which was introduced in 1999, has had total of 11 safety recalls and is subject of five defect investigations by federal regulators; two new recalls this week, including wiring problem that could in worst-case situations, cause engine fires, raise even more questions; five pending investigations into Focus account for at least 7 percent of entire defect investigation caseload of National Highway Traffic Safety Administration; Ford officials say two latest recalls, which they initiated, will address some of problems, including suspension defect; executives have acknowledged that Focus has had problems since it was brought over from Europe in 1999, but they say newer versions of car are much improved; photo (M)
Citigroup to Pay Up to $20 Million in Deceptive-Lending Case
She joined Boeing last January after having resigned from the Pentagon as a deputy assistant secretary the previous November.
But in the weeks after the column appeared, Mr. Quattrone fielded several calls from nervous clients demanding to know if he and his colleagues would leave en masse as they did at Morgan Stanley, Mr. Quattrone said.
Sometime in the next two or three months, a diverse alliance of state and federal officials -- some elected, some appointed, some Democrats, some Republicans -- must reach agreement on one of the thorniest public policy issues of the day: what to do with the Microsoft Corporation if, as expected, a federal judge finds the company guilty of violating the nation's antitrust laws.
Eighteen months after finding Microsoft guilty of monopoly abuse, the European Commission has appointed a trustee to ensure that the company makes the changes called for in the ruling.
For now, at least, Yahoo will be fighting Google with Google, which provides the actual index of Web pages used by Yahoo's search service.
Boeing, based in Seattle, said the move would not result in a special charge against earnings, as many analysts had feared.
As a result, Mr. Kile said, Merck's conduct met the legal standard for imposing punitive damages.
In this case, he said, it was worsened by the fact that dealers sold about $200 million in left-over inventory during the period that Apple had booked in previous quarters.
In an effort to put one of its largest image problems to rest, the Coca-Cola Company has begun settlement talks with lawyers representing eight current and former black employees who filed a racial-discrimination lawsuit against the company nine months ago.
Some analysts say that Airbus's zigzag is a sign of nervousness that Boeing is making inroads with the 7E7.
Saying that its health costs are soaring 12 percent a year, Verizon has asked that its unionized workers pay more each year toward their health coverage; they now contribute about 5 percent of the cost.
Regional court in Kazakhstan rules that group called Tengizchevroil led by ChevronTexaco must pay $71 million in environmental fines for storing sulfur at its Tengiz oil field; group originally protested penalty in court in February, when fine was imposed (S)
Mr. Bell is also affected by the decision to cancel what Interpublic calls the Long-Term Performance Incentive Plan for the years 2002-4.
Hoping to put the long and tortuous breast implant litigation process behind it, Dow Corning said yesterday that it was willing to pay $2.4 billion to settle the more than 300,000 claims that have been filed against it.
(And mainframe computers, not PC's, are the villain in the decline in profit that I.B.M.
Following through with promises to cut costs as it struggles through a difficult first half of 2001, Motorola Inc. yesterday announced layoffs that will shut down production at the company's last domestic cellular phone plant.
Time Warner officials now say decision to block Disney's ABC television network was based on legal miscalculation and mistaken conviction that Disney would back down; poisonous atmosphere at talks over how much cable company should pay Disney for use of three of its cable channels and over whether Disney would renew Time Warner's right to carry ABC apparently clouded their judgments; photos (M)
So even though Pfizer's current position is strong, analysts say the crisis it faces is real.
The court ruled that Microsoft had bundled the browsing software with Windows in a way that violated antitrust laws on two counts.
Verizon Communications says it will begin using Microsoft Corp's content, software and marketing software for its high-speed DSL Internet service and will pay Microsoft's portion of revenue; Microsoft says it offers DSL version of its MSN online service in 70 markets nationwide, representing 90 percent of households that can get DSL service; MSN is buying wholesale DSL access from BellSouth, SBC Communications and Verizon and reselling them with MSN content and software (M)
''Coca-Cola misled investors by failing to disclose end-of-period practices that impacted the company's likely future operating results,'' said Richard Wessel, district administrator in the S.E.C.
In addition to the lawsuit, two executives of the American International Group, one of the world's largest insurance companies, pleaded guilty to criminal charges of rigging bids with Marsh.
Replying to a request from Morgan Stanley's board to halt their campaign, the dissident group criticized the board for not grasping the importance of the talent exodus, saying that the board's letter to them ''demonstrates their failure to understand the crisis of confidence in the leadership of the firm's C.E.O.''
''For all its sophistry in discussing the case law, the government fails to identify a single precedent for its radical breakup proposal,'' Microsoft wrote.
The News Corporation asked Nielsen to postpone the official start of the service in New York and to fine-tune the technology.
The guests declined to say whether Microsoft's plight was discouraging open discussion of the impact of antitrust law on technology development.
That step blocks the judge from modifying his order, although it does not prevent him from clarifying it or holding Microsoft in contempt.
Many Bancroft family members, according to people who know them, object to Mr. Murdoch's brand of journalism, arguing that he might bend The Journal's news coverage to suit his business interests and conservative political views.
Thirty leaders have backed away from threat to seize $2.9 billion Dabhol, India, power plant controlled by Enron, opting to appoint group of advisers to recommend what to do now that Enron has filed for bankruptcy protection; Indian banks, which have lent almost $1.5 billion for project, have sought to protect themselves after project's sole customer, local utility, fell $240 million behind in payments for power and after Enron, which owns 65 percent of plant, collapsed amid accounting scandal; besides Enron, project's owners include General Electric Co and Bechtel Corp, each of which owns 10 percent; remaining 15 percent is owned by Dabhol's only customer, Maharashtra state utility (M)
Intel shares had fallen 11 percent in the three previous sessions on concerns that price cuts coming at the end of the month would weaken profit margins.
Still, widespread resignations by key members of the Strongarm design team since Intel acquired the business in February indicate that the Intel Strongarm effort may be in some disarray.
Mr. Galvin has resisted, arguing that Motorola would be foolish to sell in the depths of a down cycle.
Medco had been accused of switching patients being treated for cholesterol problems from Lipitor, made by Pfizer, to Zocor, a similar drug made by Merck, that often cost more.
About 650 of more than 14,000 brokers left Morgan Stanley last quarter, he said, most quitting because, in such a poor market, they ''can't make it work.''
H&R Block's chief executive, Mark A. Ernst, said Mr. Spitzer was wrong about the Express IRA.
Correction:  April 12, 2000, Wednesday  A front-page article yesterday about a lobbying campaign by Microsoft misstated the company's explanation at one point for hiring Century Strategies, Ralph Reed's firm.
Coca-Cola is battling to consolidate its recent gains over Pepsico in a turf war in Venezuela.
Microsoft has had a software patch available for weeks that allows system administrators to correct the problem, and major computer security companies have offered their own versions of programs to detect the worm, eradicate it, and install the patch.
The biotechnology industry's most lucrative drug, for example, is Amgen's Epogen, which fights anemia through a human protein that stimulates the body to produce red blood cells.
Pre-eminent among the judge's findings was Microsoft's abuse of its monopoly, a finding that swept some of the softer remedies -- like forcing it to revise some contracts with other companies -- from consideration.
Thomas Vinje, a partner at the Clifford Chance firm in Brussels, said, ''Microsoft should not be congratulated for abandoning unreasonable positions that it should not have taken the first place.''
Although acknowledging that the timing of the announcement was not ideal, Mr. Ellison said that the resignation of Mr. Lane, 53, a former Booz Allen & Hamilton executive who was widely credited for having helped rebuild Oracle during the last eight years, had nothing to do with the Microsoft controversy.
Amgen Inc will pay $1.3 billion in stock to acquire Tularik, small biotechnology company with several drugs in clinical trials and stellar scientific reputation; Tularik is working on drugs for diseases like cancer, diabetes and rheumatoid arthritis; Amgen's executive vice president Roger M Perlmutter comments; photo (Market Place column) (M)
Facing a shrinking small-car market and struggling to repair its once-legendary labor relations, General Motors' Saturn division appointed an expert on sport utility vehicles and factory management today to become chairwoman and president on Jan. 1.
Microsoft's rivals did not file the new complaint hoping to drag out the old investigation, he said.
In the latest development at the embattled Mattel Inc., one that could lead to the downfall of its chief executive, the toy maker warned investors yesterday that its third-quarter profit would fall by as much as 55 percent because of sharply lower revenue at its recently acquired Learning Company division.
More often than not, Mr. Eisner has been successful in his battles -- though he has never faced a challenge as formidable as the unsolicited Comcast bid.
As the prospects of a forced split have become more plausible, and analysts have warned that the company's overall growth was slowing, the stock price has sharply fallen, down 19 percent since April 4 when the court found that Microsoft violated antitrust law.
Victor Wang, former chairman of Duke & Co, brokerage firm that became criminal enterprise under his direction until it closed in 1998, is sentenced to serve 7 1/2 years to 22 1/2 years in New York State prison; Wang pleaded guilty in August 1999 to charges of enterprise corruption (M)
Such comments by Verizon executives worry competitors that lease access to Verizon's network to provide local telephone service or fast Internet access.
AMF Bowling, troubled bowling alley operator controlled by Goldman Sachs Group, will seek to transfer its stock to over-the-counter bulletin board; New York Stock Exchange stopped trading in shares before market opened on Nov 15 and moved to delist them on Nov 16 (S)
Because the Windows Media music format is much more compact than MP3, Microsoft says, the conversion can allows users to double the amount of music stored on their hard drives.
Mr. Reed has worked for Microsoft since 1998, the statement said, but only recently began lobbying Governor Bush on behalf of the company.
Under the terms of the settlement, Microsoft will pay Caldera an undisclosed sum.
But the move also comes at a time when Microsoft is facing many challenges from competitors who are not like the traditional software companies that Microsoft has consistently beaten back over the years.
The Boeing Company announced yesterday that it would stop producing the MD-11 wide-body jet late next year and lay off some workers because of slumping demand for the aircraft.
Eric E. Schmidt, Google's chief executive, said Google would pay a majority of the advertising revenue to Viacom.
Amazon will also probably suggest more mainstream music -- and can do so knowing that these classical fans are much less likely than other groups to go to a file-sharing site for illegal copies.
At the same time, the print campaign, by the Leo Burnett USA unit of the Leo Burnett Company in Chicago, comes as Kellogg and other cereal makers try to lure back consumers who defected to breakfast bars, bagels and other alternatives.
For Boeing, the danger is that the Druyun-Air Force scandal will cost it more Pentagon business and further damage to its reputation, just as it did with the rocket launchings.
He stressed the cost savings the deal would bring, which State Street estimated would be up to $365 million during the first two years, primarily from consolidations in technology, staff and real estate.
Martha Stewart's name--and reputation--will adorn line of fresh, refrigerated and frozen foods sold at Costco beginning in 2008; partnership could test limits of Stewart's appeal; one reason Stewart will sell frozen food at Costco is to improve her company's disappointing bottom line; deal with Costco is announced along with first-quarter financial results that show net loss of $11.9 million, wider than $6.8 million loss in same quarter year ago; revenue rose because of higher advertising income, to $66.7 million, from $62.1 million in first quarter of 2006; Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia chief executive Susan Lyne and chief financial officer Howard Hochhauser comment; photo (M)
There is certainly no bigger enemy of Cisco than Lucent, the former equipment arm of AT&T that has stumbled recently, even as Cisco, the No.
America Online, Earthlink and Microsoft, which have merged their technical standards for identifying and discarding e-mail messages with fake return addresses, near accord with Yahoo, which develops more technically powerful approach to fighting spam, to give limited support to each other's technology; proponents say two approaches could be complementary; drawings (M)
Apple lowered its projection of sales for the current quarter, the first of fiscal 2001, to about $1.6 billion, which is expected to drag down results for the full year.
When a videotape demonstration that Microsoft presented two months ago at its antitrust trial proved embarrassing, he was summoned overnight to set things right.
A consortium headed by ChevronTexaco that owns a pipeline that ships oil from Kazakhstan to the Russian port of Novorossiisk, said it was preparing to take the first delivery of Russian crude.
That changed four weeks ago, when Ms. White's office swooped in and accepted guilty pleas to Federal insider-trading charges from Ms. Baridis, 29, who worked at Morgan Stanley, Dean Witter, Discover & Company and before that at Smith Barney, a unit of the Travelers Group.
In the late 1990's, technologists at Intel were in conflict over which wireless standard would emerge.
''It makes it pretty hard for us to ignore News Corp.''
Any one of the judge's legal conclusions could lead to a severe punishment for Microsoft.
But after a stream of bad news from technology companies like Cisco Systems and Oracle, Dell's announcement gave investors reason to hope that the worst of the earnings news might be over, money managers said.
Marriott, based in Bethesda, Md., reported a loss of $37 million, or 15 cents a share, for the quarter ended Jan. 3, compared with a loss of $116 million, or 48 cents a share, in the fourth quarter of 2001.
I don't have a problem if a store doesn't want to sell a CD or wants to place a warning label on it, but Wal-Mart is having it both ways.
Re ''In War Against No-Shows, Restaurants Get Tougher'' (Dining In, Dining Out, Oct. 15): I propose a program in addition to the one American Express offers allowing restaurants to charge customers with reservations who don't show up.
At the same time, Microsoft faces the threat of a rising wave of consumer class-action cases and other private lawsuits.
Coca-Cola, in Direct Attack on Pepsi, to Introduce Challenger to Mountain Dew
Microsoft, the analysts said, had tried to divide Java into different camps -- one aligned with Microsoft, one with Sun -- to undermine the Java threat to Microsoft.
Apple Computer says profit tripled in fiscal third quarter, led by surging demand for iPod portable music player and higher sales of its Macintosh computers; net profit was $61 million compared with $19 million year earlier; revenue rose 30 percent, to $2.01 billion; chief executive Steven P Jobs comments; company discloses problems at IBM's manufacturing of G5 microprocessor were reason for delay in shipments of several new Macs, most notably new iMac model (M)
The responses by the companies suggest that the agency, in an effort to find patterns that could identify terrorists, sought records from major long-distance providers like the former MCI (now part of Verizon), AT&T and Qwest, but did not ask for data on local calls.
Behind much of Kodak's trouble has been the disappointment in the relatively new digital photography business, which involves devices that take pictures and ''develop'' them using electrons instead of film and that transmit images electronically,  as if they were files of data.
Coca-Cola Femsa will also assume $880 million of Panamco's debt.
Yet aside from Wal-Mart, he is hard pressed to cite other examples of companies making good on the threat to fire a law firm for lack of progress on diversity.
Some, like a nightly editorial by commentators outside CBS News, were not well received by many critics and some members of the staff.
McDonald's has promised an expanded menu before, but it has not had a blockbuster new product since the Chicken McNugget, which was introduced in 1983.
For all the risks associated with Merck's arthritis and pain drug Vioxx, the company has always pointed to one virtue: Vioxx was less likely to cause ulcers or stomach bleeding than cheaper over-the-counter medications like Advil or Aleve.
In January, General Motors announced an unorthodox plan: its employees in charge of communicating with employees would no longer report to a G.M.
''EBay Live attendees have plenty of activities to keep them busy this week in Boston, and we did not want to detract from that activity,'' the Google blog  read.
Apple's keyboard and mouse get around this problem by using a technology known as adaptive frequency hopping.
''We don't have much success trying to recruit people out of Home Depot,'' said Kirk Palmer, who runs an executive search firm.
Raising fears of a deepening economic slowdown in the United States, the Silicon Valley bellwether Cisco Systems Inc. fell short of Wall Street's already lowered expectations today, reporting revenue of $6.75 billion for the second quarter of its 2001 fiscal year.
JULIE PFEFFER, who has traveled on business to more than 55 countries, was among many female business travelers not impressed with the announcement by American Airlines last week that it had started a Web site just for its female travelers, www.AA.com/women.
Despite widespread talk that Writely could compete with Microsoft Word, Eric E. Schmidt, Google's chief executive, said at a recent news conference that the company had no intention of using Writely to enter the word-processing marketplace.
As part of the proposed deal, Intel agreed to abide by an order that prohibits it from putting pressure on computer manufacturers to turn over their own technology in exchange for technical information about Intel's chips, people involved in the case said today.
Morgan Stanley officials say that if investment management results were included in the group, the loss would disappear.
And even though Mr. Eisner rejected Comcast's overture in a Feb. 9 conversation with Mr. Roberts, Comcast still thought the board would welcome the bid it made two days later.
The Intel Corporation, after warning last month that sales and earnings for the first quarter would be weaker than expected, reported financial results today that exceeded Wall Street analysts' revised forecasts.
Johnson & Johnson's largest sales of Procrit are for chemotherapy patients, but Amgen's approval for Aranesp is for people with chronic kidney failure.
Last Tuesday, on the 18th anniversary of the lethal gas spill at a Union Carbide plant in Bhopal, India, that killed thousands of people, journalists received an e-mail press release claiming to be from Dow Chemical, which now owns Union Carbide.
In granting a preliminary injunction sought by Sun, the judge forced Microsoft to confront what would be perhaps the most intrusive penalty yet to stem from court rulings that it broke federal antitrust laws.
But it is in the United States that Xerox is suffering the most.
Because of an editing error, an article in World Business yesterday about large takeover deals in South Korea misstated the ranking of Daewoo Motor, whose main assets are being acquired by General Motors.
Charges of foreign intrusion into critical American military markets have dogged Airbus, while Boeing has suffered as a result of its ethical missteps.
Campbell, whose business has been in slow motion as it has struggled to get people to eat more of its chicken noodle, tomato and nearly 70 other soup varieties, said the changes would enhance the brand and were undertaken with time-pressed shoppers in mind.
Andy D. Bryant, Intel's chief financial officer, attributed the changing expectation primarily to weaker-than-expected demand in Europe.
The Congressional investigation last year into the tire problems was led by Representative Billy Tauzin, a Louisiana Republican who owns a Ford Explorer.
A spokeswoman for Amgen, Mary Klem, said, ''We believe the allegations are not legitimate and we intend to fight this.''
Microsoft executives angrily disputed this, saying there were still a range of unsolved issues on the table when Jim Allchin, the head of Microsoft's operating system business, and Ray Oglethorpe, president of AOL's online unit, agreed to end the talks in a phone call on Saturday.
''Since I have been excluded from board deliberations involving the Comcast situation to date, it seems appropriate that I accelerate my departure,'' Mr. Malone said in a resignation letter sent to C. Michael Armstrong, the chairman of AT&T.
''We're seeing no turnaround in terms of orders,'' John Chambers, the chief executive of Cisco, a networking company, said at an investment conference sponsored by Merrill Lynch.
Correction:  August 12, 2004, Thursday  Because of an editing error, an article in World Business yesterday about a dip in the growth of industrial production in China erroneously rendered as a direct quotation in some copies what was in fact a paraphrase of a comment by Andy Xie, an economist at Morgan Stanley.
Their fears have since abated, but the customers still have so many orders on backlog that they substantially reduced new orders in the just-ended third quarter, Motorola said.
Lawyers for plaintiffs have much more work ahead if they are to convince a jury that Merck is responsible for the death of Robert Ernst, a Texas man who died in his bed at 59 in June 2001 after taking Vioxx, the company's prescription painkiller, for eight months.
The European Aeronautic Defense and Space Company, the largest aerospace group after Boeing, said today that a deep slump in its satellite-building and launching business was the main reason it had lost 299 million euros ($330 million) in 2002.
As a result of his illness, Mr. Bell missed several significant corporate events, like the Olympics -- McDonald's was a sponsor -- and a critical earnings conference call last month.
Yahoo will not charge for these services, but users will have to buy a compatible phone and pay for a wireless plan that allows for data transfer.
The lawsuit stated that while 65 percent of Wal-Mart's hourly employees are women, only 33 percent of Wal-Mart's managers are.
As outlined late Tuesday, Northrop Grumman said it would pay 25 percent of the $67.50-a-share price for Newport News in cash and the remaining 75 percent in stock.
Microsoft will offer a $99 Home Basic Edition that provides limited functionality but runs on more basic equipment.
Separately, jurors found that Merck had committed consumer fraud against Mr. McDarby, 77, and Thomas Cona, a second plaintiff in the case, who suffered a heart attack in 2003.
Dr. Rowe called the latest results disappointing but added, ''they didn't come as a shock to us'' because the losses were caused by problems that Aetna had already identified and was working to fix.
Comcast's Second-Generation No.
Kyle McSlarrow, the head of the National Cable and Telecommunications Association, which represents cable companies and programmers, told lawmakers yesterday that at least six cable companies, including the two largest, Comcast and Time Warner Cable, were developing packages of channels that would appeal to parents who want to shield their children from potentially offensive shows.
The laggards feared they would inevitably fall victim to the same forces that enabled Microsoft to reduce many PC hardware makers to mere purveyors of commodity goods.
But disclosure of the e-mail messages is sure to further inflame institutional investors, who have complained that Staples executives are using the parent company's assets to bail themselves out of a failed Internet investment.
The warning about Vista comes a day before Microsoft's top lawyers gather with regulators and rivals at a Brussels hearing about the company's compliance with the 2004 ruling.
And yet, just as Captain Ahab's quest for Moby Dick led to a miserable outcome, there is no certainty that Microsoft's quest for the television set top will succeed.
''They've decided that they can't win by allowing the competition to divide and conquer them,'' said Thomas J. Bittman, the lead I.B.M.
CORNING CUTS JOBS AFTER DEMAND SLUMPS
Bank of America and First Union are warning about potential write-offs in the fourth quarter related to a single borrower, raising anxiety among investors about possible credit problems at commercial banks.
Investor skepticism about proposed merger of Hewlett-Packard and Compaq Computer causes both companies' stocks to slide, and Moody's Investors Service lowers Hewlett-Packard's credit rating two notches to A2; photo (M)
Citigroup said revenue remained flat, after a dismal performance by its capital markets group and disappointing international consumer results, but a big tax refund helped its bottom line rise modestly.
The Ford Motor Company expects to burn through nearly half of its cash reserves, or $17 billion, by 2009, with most of that disappearing in the next year as 40 percent of its hourly workers voluntarily leave their jobs.
But Cisco executives, who have repeatedly told Wall Street that the company plans to grow by 30 percent to 50 percent a year, took pains to point to slowing purchases by American telecommunications service providers and manufacturing companies as the reason for Cisco's pessimistic forecast.
In two moves underscoring the extent of Apple Computer's planned corporate overhaul, the company said today that it would incur a huge loss this quarter to reflect the cost of acquiring Next Software Inc. and that its executive in charge of courting outside software allies would leave the company after only a year in the job.
Moody's Investors Service raised the long-term credit rating of Greece, responding to economic growth and the country's lower budget deficit and debt levels.
Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley will see some harsh language used with regard to their conduct during the boom, but the word ''fraud'' will not be used, regulators said, perhaps leaving them less vulnerable to class-action suits than their peers.
Its suit against I.B.M., filed in March, contends that the company violated its licensing contract with SCO by shoveling code into Linux.
According to Charles L. Hill, research director of First Call/Thompson Financial, analysts rushed to lower their earnings estimates in late July, when Xerox warned that the entire second half of this year would be disappointing.
WARNING BY MOODY'S HURTS YEN.
The earnings report was Oracle's first since the Justice Department and seven states filed a lawsuit on Feb. 26 to block the company's $9.4 billion unsolicited takeover of PeopleSoft, based in Pleasanton, Calif.
Northwest Airlines is replacing its system for managing and tracing luggage with one it expects will cut costs of missing luggage by almost 50 percent; luggage problems cost carrier $3 million last year; new system is called Wordtracer; number of corporations have been holding meeting and evens on six luxury railroad cars of Railcruise America, which are designed specifically for corporate and private events; corporate clients include Hyatt, Motorola, Anheuser-Busch, Ralston Purina and Safeco; Smith Travel Researech says hotel occupancy fell in second quarter of year, but corporate and individual travelers did not reap huge savings; while occupancy fell to 68 percent, average room rate in quarter rose 6.5 percent, to $74.15; report by Travel Industry Association of America says that 65 million Americans who traveled to cultural and historical events in 1996 spent average of $615 each per trip, compared with $425 for all US travelers (L)
Analysts said he appeared to be paying the price for the problems with Apple's stock options grants even through his degree of control over the program was unclear.
But in an E-mail written at almost the same time, a Compaq employee wrote, ''Microsoft is unhappy with the Netscape icon on the desktop and wants to get it off.''
How many other athletes could, or would, be marketed as Armstrong is by Nike, with a commercial that is a clip from the news conference in which he announced that he had testicular cancer?
Many of the changes return the program to a more traditional format, but another longtime CBS news producer said that might not be the best use of Ms. Couric's skills.
Union Pacific Fights Tougher Regulation
Wal-Mart said it had to go through tough negotiations with doctor networks to get such low premiums, making it impossible to roll out the program to all of its American workers in one year.
B. K. Miller's lawyers argued that Coca-Cola Enterprises wanted to take over Miller's customers, which included vending accounts and small stores.
Both companies said a slowdown in sales of software for mainframe computers was their main problem as major customers delayed purchases of such ''big iron'' until I.B.M.
At the time, prosecutors said Mr. Curry was caught in the act of paying an undercover officer to plant fake E-mails in the Morgan Stanley computer system that would support his claim of racism and homophobia at the firm.
New Yorker magazine's latest issue contains 23,000-word article by Ken Auletta on antitrust suit against Microsoft Corp, longest article by far published under new editor, David Remnick; Autletta portrays Microsoft chairman William H Gates more as angry adolescent than billionaire defendant; photo (M)
The investigation is coming less than two weeks after Xerox warned investors that unexpected problems with customer receivables in Mexico, which accounts for about $400 million of Xerox's $19 billion in annual sales, could pare more than 5 cents a share off its second-quarter earnings.
Time Warner and EMI executives said that they had not given up hope of winning approval for their deal, but the difficulties will be hard to overcome.
Caremark is currently the second-largest player and Express Scripts is No.
Google chief executive Eric E Schmidt says company has no plans to lobby for China to change its censorship laws; says it is arrogant to dictate to country how it should operate; Google has been criticized along with Microsoft, Yahoo and Cisco Systems for complying with strict Chinese censorship on products within nation; Schmidt says choice was to follow laws or not enter market; photo (M)
Thousands of people have sued Merck, saying they suffered heart attacks and strokes after taking Vioxx, an arthritis reliever and painkiller that Merck introduced in 1999 and stopped selling last year.
Ms. Chrosniak's remarks about Timothy Rigas's representations to Moody's may prove extremely damaging to him, given the timing of those comments.
A small start-up company and the giant Hartford Financial Services Group plan to roll out a buyer protection plan today that is meant to instill confidence in shoppers on eBay -- the Web auction site that does a booming business but engenders such a fear of fraud that an estimated 8 of every 10 online shoppers steer clear of it.
In lowering the rating to Baa3 from Baa2, Moody's cited a one-third reduction in passenger traffic for the terminal after the terrorist attacks.
The issue came to national attention in November when Edward E. Whitacre Jr., the blunt-speaking leader of AT&T, complained in an interview in Business Week Online about the current state of affairs.
Express Scripts sweetens its $26.1 billion offer for Caremark Rx, fellow drug-benefit manager, but cautions that bid will be delayed by further regulatory scrutiny; announcement comes as Delaware Chancery Court declines to postpone shareholder vote on rival $25.7 billion bid from CVS (M)
Because of the parts shortage, General Motors closed two additional plants today, a sport utility vehicle factory in Arlington, Tex., and a mid-size sedan factory in Wilmington, Del.
He was so unconcerned about the news -- the earnings report from Cisco Systems, an ostensible market bellwether -- that shortly after the New York markets had closed, he turned off his computer and headed home for the day.
Since those contracts expired as last year went on, they will no longer provide a basis for comparison for Yahoo's quarterly reports, she said.
Mr. Weill, who remains chairman, was Citigroup's chief executive during the years that WorldCom fed at his bank's financial trough before careering toward a dead end, and he lobbied Mr. Grubman on behalf of Citigroup's clients.
Thus it is disturbing that the Federal Aviation Administration, as reported this week by Matthew  Wald of The Times, is proposing to forgo its usual competitive bidding procedures and instead simply designate the Lockheed Martin Corporation to upgrade a computer system crucial to the nation's air traffic control network.
Microsoft asserts that the few hours of taped excerpts shown today, by far the largest portion of his deposition yet made public, were often taken out of context, selected by Government lawyers merely to embarrass Mr. Gates and Microsoft, with little direct bearing on the case.
Analysis of Federal appeals court ruling that government has to reconsider sharp limits on number of stations network can own and striking down regulation that had restricted cable operators from owning television stations; says rulings will probably prompt executives at companies including News Corp, Viacom and Walt Disney Co, which each own many television stations, to seriously consider expanding their empires by acquisition; holds major players in cable television market like AOL Time Warner and Cox Enterprises can now consider significantly expanding their relatively small broadcasting operations (M)
Consolidated Edison has asked New York regulators to let it withhold millions of dollars in consumer rebates to pay for World Trade Center-related damages, in case promised federal aid proves to be inadequate.
Last month, Morgan Stanley reported a steep decrease in its earnings because of some wrong bets on the direction of interest rates by its bond traders.
Viacom recently insisted that its video clips be taken off the Web site YouTube, saying Google, which owns the site, had not offered a satisfactory deal for use of the clips.
The critics say the gift is not free: they estimate that the fees Microsoft will collect, which are not specified in the contract, will exceed $30 million.
Still, a person close to Microsoft argued that the unusual third statement of objections -- instead of moving on to a final ruling -- shows that the commission is not totally confident.
Though Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Company and the Goldman Sachs Group are close rivals and each reported lower earnings compared with results in the third quarter and the period a year earlier, their reports took distinctly different tones.
The introduction of the campaign came after McDonald's uncharacteristically sought to build anticipation with a series of teaser events and announcements.
It was unclear yesterday whether combining with General Mills would raise antitrust issues.
The complaints, filed in federal courts across the country, have named more than 40 fund managers, including Merrill Lynch, Vanguard, Wells Fargo, Janus and Dreyfus, accusing them of violating their fiduciary duty to investors by failing to file claims for money from settlements of shareholder lawsuits.
Citigroup Forces Resignations of 3 Senior Executives
That anxiety was conveyed by Omnicom to Coca-Cola, which shifted Fruitopa's account to another agency.
Local officials and businesspeople in Harrison, NY, are concerned about loss of Texaco Inc headquarters in wake of Chevron's acquisition of Texaco and Chevron's decision to consolidate merged company in San Francisco; officials fear loss of jobs as well as substantial reduction in tax revenue (M)
The machinists negotiated with the company when they were at a weak time,'' he said, and Boeing complied with their wishes.
By determining which icons appear by default on its desktop, Microsoft can steer users of Windows computers to its own sites on the Internet or to the sites of companies that pay Microsoft for a desktop position.
Regulators are examining scores of transactions set up by the American International Group with about a dozen offshore concerns to determine whether the company, the world's leading insurer, struck deals to enhance its financial position or performance, according to a person briefed on the investigation.
Vice Pres Al Gore receives icy reception from employees of Microsoft Corp during ill-timed campaign stop at company's headquarters in Redmond, Wash; faces hundreds of employees smarting from ruling by Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson that company is monopoly that bullies rivals and stifles competition; echoes heart of Federal government's case against company by stating that competition is valuable and that antitrust laws have place in embodying values of country; has added burden, unlike other presidential hopefuls, of representing administration that has ferociously pummeled Microsoft in court; photo (M)
Level 3 Communications, the operator of a large fiber optic communications network, said yesterday that it would cut 1,400 jobs, or nearly a quarter of its work force, as the company faces a bleak sales outlook over the next two years.
Travelers bound for Western Europe can probably expect delays and inconvenience if Clinton Administration orders large numbers of troops to Balkans; many troops and tons of cargo will likely be airlifted on civilian planes; current NATO bombing campaign in Balkans is exacting growing toll on travel industry; Carnival Corp says conflict is hurting its cruise bookings to eastern Mediterranean, causing cancellations that would likely affect its earnings; Celebrity, owned by Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd, and Costa Cruises, owned by Carnival, say they will change some of their itineraries because of fighting (Business Travel column) (M)
Nearly $1 billion more in punitive damages was levied against Mitsui & Company, the shipper of the chemical; GATX Terminals, a GATX Corporation unit, which loaded the car, and the other railroads that handled the car -- Illinois Central and Alabama Great Southern, part of the Norfolk Southern Corporation.
Motorola says it will lose money in third quarter and plans to cut 4,000 more jobs than it had previously announced; tells analysts its cell phone business is beginning to rebound and it expects to return to profitability before end of year (M)
But the protest organizers also aimed to bring to the public's attention other of Microsoft business practices.
On top of that, one of the toughest critics of the initial Boeing-Air Force deal, Kenneth Kreig, has just been named the Pentagon's acquisition chief.
At the same time EMC was issuing its warning, Motorola was telling analysts in a conference call that it would lose even more money in the second quarter than the $206 million operating loss it reported Tuesday night for the first three months of the year.
One problem for Alza, he said, is determining how to manage the myriad of agreements it has with competitors of Johnson & Johnson.
Mr. Barksdale said he regarded Microsoft's tactic of forcing Compaq to buy its browser as a condition of obtaining an essential product, the Windows operating system,  as ''an illegal act and absolute proof that Microsoft was a monopolist.''
In subsequent days, Microsoft has issued several new versions of its software as America Online has cut off each preceding version.
General Electric previewed new models of refrigerators that had all manner of bar code tricks at the  International Builders Show last winter.
This ruling alone, Microsoft says, will not have a sweeping impact.
In the London trial, which is likely to run into next week or perhaps even longer, Apple Computer is expected to argue that it merely serves as a conduit for the transmission of music in digital form.
And analysts, some of whom lowered their estimates for Gap's earnings yesterday, said that the company faced at least another couple of uncertain quarters as it tried to entice shoppers into its stores for fashion, not just for basics like khakis and jeans.
Over the last few years, the main union for retail workers, the United Food and Commercial Workers, has suspended efforts to organize any Wal-Mart stores in the United States, largely because Wal-Mart's counteroffensive makes that so difficult, union officials said.
It was not until September 2004 that Merck halted a separate study when patients in that trial experienced heart attacks and strokes at twice the rate of those receiving a placebo.
The federal judge hearing the Microsoft antitrust case said today that she would overlook procedural errors by the states pursuing sanctions against the company and allow them to present new evidence about a restriction they have proposed.
But Intel's gross margins continued to decline during the quarter, and they show no sign of improving next quarter.
But yesterday's verdict highlights the risks of Merck's strategy.
''We believe it would be unfair for those who want to participate in the settlement to delay it any further,'' said Ben Deutsch, a Coke spokesman.
To bolster its defense, Microsoft has sought the research materials for an unpublished book, ''Competing on Internet Time: Lessons From Netscape and Its Battle with Microsoft,'' by Michael A. Cusumano, a management professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology's Sloan School, and David B. Yoffie, a professor at the Harvard Business School.
The broadband communications services provider Level 3 Communications said yesterday that its loss in the second quarter widened to $731 million, or $1.99 a share, from $281 million, or 77 cents, in the period last year.
The most vociferous voice against Mr. Spitzer on Wall Street has been Kenneth G. Langone, a former director of the New York Stock Exchange and co-founder of Home Depot.
Defeating Netscape, the E-mail suggests, was such a priority at Microsoft that it was seen to outweigh the impact a delay of Windows would have on the computer industry.
A member of the New York Stock Exchange sued the exchange's directors and Goldman Sachs yesterday, seeking to stop the exchange's proposed acquisition of Archipelago Holdings, an operator of an electronic trading system.
But  Coca-Cola Enterprises has tried hard to make its case.
And Kodak's situation is worsening, not improving.
Sorting out these matters, Microsoft says, will involve poring over the voluminous written record of the lengthy trial - precisely the kind of winnowing usually left to an appeals court.
Correction:  March 20, 2007, Tuesday  An article in Business Day yesterday about efforts by Microsoft researchers to trace the origins of fake Web pages that lure search-engine users to advertisements misspelled the surname of a cybersecurity investigator for the company.
A shareholder resolution to put Interpublic up for sale was defeated with 87.2 percent voting no.
Some analysts worried that Boeing might be cutting too much.
Investment fund led by unit of Prudential Insurance Co that lost control of Prague television station in 2001 will seek to recover more than 1 billion crowns, or $34.3 million, from Czech government (S)
The company said it continued to suffer from an shortage of G5 microprocessors from I.B.M., the chips used in many of Apple's most powerful Macintoshes.
''I'm not smart enough to say I saw the number porting issue specifically'' as potential big business, said Mr. Evans, who along with partners took the company private in 2002, buying it for $800 million from Verizon Communications, which had inherited TSI as part of the acquisition of GTE.
America Online, which says it has 43 million users of one form or another on its instant-messaging software, has accused Microsoft of hacking into its system to route messages to and from America Online customers.
In a report issued last October, Jesse R. Walker, a researcher at Intel, reported that the encryption approach used by the privacy standard was badly flawed and that no matter how long of an encryption key is used, it can easily be broken.
''Maybe it's unfair to some of them but it's not unfair to Romeril,'' said James W. Lundy, a former Xerox executive who is now a research director at Gartner, a research firm.
A service that is mostly missing from the Verizon and SBC bundles is television.
Vice President Dick Cheney was Halliburton's chief executive from 1995 until 2000.
Albert Yu, who heads Intel's microprocessor business, said in an interview recently that the company was aware of its potential vulnerability but believed that the acquisition of the Strongarm technology would protect it against attack from below.
Yesterday Wal-Mart, blaming an early Easter and rainy weather, said that it expected its earnings for the quarter that ends this month to be close to the low end of its estimates of 56 cents to 58 cents a share.
NEC has been losing ground to Fujitsu in the battle to expand its Internet services business, and the partnership with eAccess, a start-up backed by Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Company and Goldman, Sachs & Company, is aimed at regaining momentum, company officials said.
''The old Waste Management had a failure of discipline, but the new one has a failure of communications,'' Mr. Kelleher said.
Some critics say Comcast may have also misjudged the tenacity of Mr. Eisner.
On July 6, PeopleSoft warned investors that its second-quarter earnings would miss expectations and cited Oracle's takeover attempt.
VeriSign Inc signs deal with MasterCard International that could help reduce risk of fraud by making it harder for people to use stolen credit cards for purchases online (S)
And while Disney, which has its own Internet portal at go.com, and the new Viacom may want to remain independent, Mr. Wolzien warned that these companies would be under intense pressure to deal with Microsoft and Yahoo.
As a result, Pfizer's overall sales will drop, from $51.1 billion this year to $46.5 billion in 2007, Mr. Evans said.
McDonald's Corp says Charles H Bell is resigning as chief executive to focus on his battle with cancer, will be succeeded by vice chairman James Skinner; Bell took chief executive post in April after death of James R Cantalupo, who suffered heart attack on April 19; McDonald's USA chief executive Michael Roberts is named president and chief operating officer; will also join board (M)
Correction:  March 3, 2001, Saturday  Because of an editing error, an article and a picture caption in World Business on Wednesday about a venture to build sport utility vehicles in Russia misstated the title of a General Motors executive, Rick Wagoner Jr.
Mr. Weill, who rarely brooks challenges to his authority, edgily teases Mr. Rubin about his campaign against tax cuts, which has prompted Citigroup brokers to write irate e-mails about affronted clients.
The memo warns that free software can meet or exceed the quality of commercial programs and describes it as a potentially serious threat to Microsoft.
At America Online's headquarters in Vienna, Va., Microsoft was both feared and loathed at the time.
The Securities and Exchange Commission filed a civil complaint yesterday against six former officers of Waste Management Inc., providing new details of the accounting fraud case that has become a driving force behind the government's criminal action against Arthur Andersen.
Judge Jenkins, who took nine months to issue the ruling, wrote, ''Plaintiffs present largely uncontested descriptive statistics which show that women working at Wal-Mart stores are paid less than men in every region, that pay disparities exist in most job categories, that the salary gap widens over time, that women take longer to enter management positions, and that the higher one looks in the organization the lower the percentage of women.''
An increasingly negative view on Ford among bond investors is problematic to the company and its financing arm, Ford Motor Credit, which is the largest issuer of corporate debt in the nation.
Windows 2000, the latest version of Windows NT, Microsoft's operating system for corporate networks, is meant to answer criticism that NT is not robust, secure or reliable enough for the demands of World Wide Web servers.
To compensate for the loss of the elevated plaza and other changes, Goldman Sachs proposes to acquire 364,000 square feet of unused development rights, known as air rights, from the low-rise South Street Seaport district.
Boston Scientific knew that Guidant, the No.
Digital and Compaq accused Intel of violating various patents that they held.
Indeed, Ronald B. Woodard, the president of Boeing's commercial airplane group, told reporters during the same conference call yesterday that work on the so-called next-generation 737 had fallen further behind in the last three weeks after having recovered somewhat since October.
"If AT&T is going after the low end, mass market, they're  going to be facing a nightmare."
There is no evidence that Celebrex causes heart problems, Pfizer said.
Only later, perhaps by late 1996, once prices have fallen below $500 or so, will Sony and AT&T aim at the broader consumer market.
While there is no evidence that these top executives are considering a move, more than ever they are on the radar screens of Morgan Stanley's rivals.
I.B.M's resistance to Microsoft's demand for an audit, Mr. Pepperman said, contributed to the Windows 95 license delay.
ImClone Systems and Bristol-Myers Squibb said yesterday that they would begin to provide their cancer drug, Erbitux, to a limited number of colorectal cancer patients who have exhausted other treatment options.
Horatio E. Gutirrez, Microsoft's chief lawyer for Europe, the Middle East and Africa, said he was disappointed because the latest statement would prolong the case, which began in 1998.
Amazon.com said yesterday that it had lost $317 million in the second quarter of the year, slightly less than analysts had expected, and asserted that it had stanched the heavy drain on its cash reserves that has raised doubts in the minds of many investors.
Then Aetna plans to raise premiums rigorously and try to recruit the customers for Aetna U.S. Healthcare.
People close to Honeywell say that its board blamed the weak euro and soaring oil prices, not Mr. Bonsignore, for Honeywell's performance.
But in PeopleSoft's view, Oracle's hostile takeover bid has spread confusion among its customers and has been a huge distraction for the company.
Frenzied merger activity in last week could propel four regional telecommunications companies, SBC, Qwest, Verizon and BellSouth, into level of direct competition they have worked deftly to avoid; analysts say SBC and Qwest could use AT&T and MCI networks as entrees into new parts of nation, forcing Verizon and BellSouth to fight back; drawing (M)
Dr Peter Rost, vice president for marketing at Pfizer with history of corporate whistle-blowing, sees isolation at drug maker increasing; his employees have stopped reporting to him, supervisors stopped returning his calls and he does not know whom to report to; his secretary has left and he has been moved to office near Pfizer's security department at company building in Peapack, NJ; Rost, after appearing on segment of CBS program 60 Minutes, turned on his computer next day at work to find he has been denied access and his corporate cellphone has stopped working; Pfizer spokesman Paul Fitzgerald says company did not deliberately disconnect Rost's e-mail and cellphone service; describes Rost's new office as nice, description Rost does not dispute; Rost'as e-mail account was restored after reporter's inquiries; photo (M)
Eventually, Johnson & Johnson made five significant changes to Propulsid's warning label and sent five letters to doctors across the country.
At times Tuesday, Mr. Scott revealed some of his impatience with Wal-Mart's critics, particularly those backed by unions.
ChevronTexaco acknowledges that the unit deposited residual wastes from oil drilling, but denies that it polluted the area and insists it followed all Ecuadorean environmental standards at the time.
For the past month, Chevron and Cnooc have been locked in a battle of nerves over who will end up controlling Unocal, a mid-sized independent oil company based in El Segundo, Calif.
In April, Pfizer said it would begin layoffs and plant closings to try to cut its annual costs by $4 billion by 2008, though it refused to say how many employees it would let go.
Still, the former Morgan Stanley executives, many of whom are veterans of the hostile takeover wars of the 1980's and together own 11 million shares, say that they are not going away.
The officials, who asked that their names not be used, said that a little more than half of the money, $475,000, came from an insurance policy against civil liability the President held with Chubb Group Insurance.
Despite moving in the right direction, some analysts and industry executives also suggested that Intel might be out in front of the market, which will be cautious in adopting some of the features that are in its new chips.
In December, AOL, a unit of Time Warner, was charged with assisting in securities fraud tied to PurchasePro.
Nevertheless, Mr. Reback took no part in negotiations with Microsoft.
The bulk of the Morgan Stanley response details what it calls a pattern of expense account abuses by Mr. Curry.
Mr. Black argues that before and during World War II, I.B.M.
Having spent the last 20 months cutting a bloated bureaucracy, he had invited two dozen Wall Street analysts to ConAgra's headquarters here to show off the first new products under his tenure.
Bank of America's stock price has lagged that of its peers over worries that he is overpaying for FleetBoston and because of the bank's role in a series of financial scandals, including mutual fund trading and the collapse of Parmalat.
This finding by Wasserstein is not legally binding on AT&T and does not end its pursuit of Lin.
The dismal results, however, led Mr. Amelio, who joined Apple in February 1996, to indicate that he planned an even deeper reorganization at the company and that he hoped to stabilize the company on a $8 billion revenue model -- down from its peak of $12 billion.
Few cities are as lastingly seared by a single event as Flint has been by the sit-down strikes in early 1937, a violent showdown between the General Motors Corporation and the United Automobile Workers that led to the union's first contract to represent the workers of a major auto maker.
But analysts who regularly survey major consumer goods companies said that most participants were cooperating with Wal-Mart out of fear of offending the retailer and were, as much as possible, putting off investments in the technology.
A set of crucial computers in the nation's air traffic control system should not be used beyond December 1999, because they may not operate reliably when the date rolls over to Jan. 1, 2000, and there is no way to predict the effect on air traffic, according to I.B.M., which built the computers.
''In the 1960's, when Ralph Lauren got started, everybody was playing polo and not interested in sports marketing,'' Merle Jenkins, the president of U.S.P.A.
This year's holiday season is worst in many years for retail stores; retail analyst Michael P Niemira says growth in United States retail sales for months of Nov and Dec, at 1.5 percent, is lowest since at least 1970; spokesman for National Retail Federation, known for its upbeat forecasts, lowers its estimate of percent growth for Dec to 3.5 percent; Wal-Mart Stores, nation's biggest retailer, lowers its estimates of Dec sales growth to 2 percent to 3 percent, rather than 3 percent to 5 percent it was forecasting earlier; last year, Wal-Mart posed Dec sales growth of 8.1 percent; idea that even Wal-Mart is struggling is taken as sign of wider problems; worry about economy and about impending war with Iraq and new terrorist attacks have kept many shoppers from buying, even with deep discounts on many items; percentage of consumers giving gift certificates as presents this holiday season soared from previous years, to 54 percent; photos; graph (M)
Jesse J. Greene Jr., who became acting chief financial officer when Harry Kavetas died suddenly in May, said the reduction came from decisions to retain some operations, like film packaging, that Kodak had planned to farm out.
Northrop Grumman Corp makes hostile $5.9 billion takeover offer for TRW Inc after TRW's board rejected its original unsolicited offer (S)
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce former trader Paul A Flynn is charged with larceny and securities fraud, accused of financing illegal mutual fund trades; Flynn is latest in growing list of Wall Street traders to face charges by New York State Atty Gen Eliot Spitzer as part of probe into mutual fund trading; criminal charge is jointly announced with civil enforcement action by Securities and Exchange Commission; Federated Investors says it will pay $7.6 million to compensate shareholder for improper trades; Amvescap will take charge to cover cost of regulators' inquiries into its Invesco Funds and AIM Investments divisions (M)
The Xerox Corporation said yesterday that it had lost $64 million, or 9 cents a share, in the first quarter, on revenue that had declined 11 percent, to $3.7 billion.
''We haven't withdrawn the offer because we haven't reached agreement with Honeywell and we don't want to do it unilaterally,'' he added.
Given the recession and the steep fall in technology buying, Apple held up reasonably well.
Mr. Jeon said the door was open if Micron wished to renew talks on the blocked deal, in which Micron would have taken over Hynix's main business, memory chip manufacturing, in exchange for stock.
So what's saving Netflix -- allowing it to thrive when the technology to obliterate it already exists -- is yet another attempt by Hollywood to hold onto a fading business model.
BellSouth, based in Atlanta, argued that AT&T had violated the breakup decree because it owned a stake in several of the cellular systems owned by McCaw.
IBM says it earned $2 billion in third quarter, up 16 percent from $1.8 billion a year earlier; third-quarter 2000 revenues grew 3 percent, to $21.78 billion, falling short of expectations (M)
HarperCollins faces task of convincing agents and authors of its commitment to future following announcement by its parent News Corp that it had no plans to sell struggling publishing house; some agents are warning their authors to look elsewhere for publisher; rival publishers, sensing opportunity, have already started putting out feelers to some popular HarperCollins authors; one of these, Susan Isaacs, says she will stay with HarperCollins, but she made pointed critique of publisher's decision to cancel more than 100 books for missed deadlines and work house deemed unpublishable in currently weak market; photo (M)
The judge in Florida hearing Mr. Perelman's suit decided that Morgan Stanley had failed to produce evidence and thus had acted so badly that the jury should assume it was in on the fraud.
Last month, Douglas N. Daft, Coca-Cola's chairman, told employees that he would work ''toward an expedient and equitable'' resolution of the lawsuit.
The Omnicom Group, the large advertising agency company, scrambled yesterday to repair damage caused by a newspaper article critical of its accounting practices.
Was it your understanding in February of 1998 that Microsoft was trying to get Apple to do something to disadvantage Netscape?
But at least some AT&T employees were quick to disagree, though privately, asserting that at least part of AT&T's problems stemmed from calamitous misjudgments in buying NCR and fumbling a long litany of attempts to introduce innovative new consumer electronic products.
Based on 200 deaths, Aon said it expected to pay $55 million in claims.
Seventeen employees who worked on the General Mills account at the flagship New York office of Saatchi & Saatchi, part of the Publicis Groupe, have resigned, days after the agency said unexpectedly that their boss, Mike Burns, the global account director for General Mills, would leave March 15.
As leverage in that fight, the proposed Federal suit will charge, Intel refused to give Intergraph the product data books that set out the specifications for Intel's Pentium II family of microprocessors.
In a telephone interview, Maurice Lvy, chairman and chief executive at Publicis in Paris, said he was disappointed by the price that Interpublic was offering.
First there was the EO Personal Communicator from AT&T, which was deemed so expensive and hard to use that it is no longer made.
Frustrated by Gemstar's plummeting stock price, the News Corporation has been trying for months to oust Mr. Yuen, the company's founder, and Ms. Leung, a close associate.
The results come as Cisco continues to struggle to regain the enormous momentum it experienced during the dot-com boom.
Johnson & Johnson is so large and so much less dependent on stents that the battle has little or no impact on its stock.
Come and gone in a few short weeks were several interchangeable series featuring an unexpected crime and plenty of shoot-'em-up violence: ''Smith'' on CBS, ''Runaway'' on CW, ''Kidnapped'' on NBC, ''Vanished'' on Fox and ''Day Break'' on ABC.
If clinical trials reveal unexpected side effects, Pfizer's $800 million investment will be lost.
A Microsoft spokesman tonight called his company's relationship with Digital a ''model partnership'' and insisted that no improper pressure was applied to force it from any new business.
The trial in Federal District Court here, in which Judge Vaughn R. Walker will decide whether a merger of the two companies would cause too much harm to competition, concluded a little more than a year after Oracle surprised PeopleSoft with its initial unsolicited bid for the company.
Market Place column on General Mills Corp's acquisition of Diageo PLC's Pillsbury unit; says General Mills, which has served notice that it wants to be king of convenience foods, is under pressure to make its Pillsbury deal pay off; graphs (M)
The court said Microsoft illegally maintained that monopoly by sabotaging the Netscape Navigator browser and the Java programming language, which posed a threat to Windows.
Beth Keck, a Wal-Mart spokeswoman, gave details showing that several factories criticized by Mr. Lynn had fixed their problems.
Microsoft Witness Attacked For Contradictory Opinions
Netscape once threatened Microsoft with a software browser that promised to be an alternative to its overwhelmingly dominant computer operating system.
Still, in invoking the AT&T case to justify some of its arguments, Microsoft is in some instances misstating the record.
Applied Materials, the world's largest equipment maker, today warned that it saw no immediate end to the slowdown.
A chart yesterday with an article in the arts pages about fears that corporate mergers will lead to a reduction in total corporate donations misstated the year in which Exxon made the contributions shown.
One problem is that technical  snags have prevented millions of users of hand-held personal computers operating Microsoft software from being able to read most publishers' electronic books.
Early this spring when Joshua B. Bolten, a former Goldman Sachs executive, reached out to Mr. Paulson about taking the job, he was receptive, though he had his doubts about how involved his role as an economic policy maker would be, accordingto people who were involved in the discussions.
Citigroup pocketed those discounts, failing to pass them on to investors.
The language of Apple's statement, coupled with the simultaneous resignation from the board of Fred D. Anderson, the company's former chief financial officer, led analysts to believe that Apple and Mr. Jobs were attempting to distance themselves from any blame in the case.
And in the second quarter of this year, Expedia lost market share to Sabre Holdings, Travelocity and Priceline as it cut advertising expenses to maintain profitability.
Boeing's former financial chief, Michael M. Sears, was sentenced last year to four months in prison for ethics violations for offering a job to a former Air Force official, Darleen Druyun.
Boeing owns 40 percent, RSC-Energia of Moscow 25 percent, Kvaerner Maritime a.s. of Oslo 20 percent, and KB Yuzhnoye and PO Yuzhmash of Dnepropetrovsk, the Ukraine, 15 percent.
''This confirms our previous thoughts that holiday sales could be the worst in a decade,'' Deborah Weinswig, a retail analyst for Salomon Smith Barney, wrote in a note to investors after the Wal-Mart announcement.
Conflicting reports that GE Capital is withdrawing $2 billion line of credit that allowed General Motors to make early payments to suppliers leads to volatile day of trading in GM bonds; many credit analysts view reports about GE Capital as nothing new, but emblematic of scrutiny of GM since it announced it would report two consecutive quarterly losses (M)
While some people faulted the company for failing to strike a deal with the government, others applauded Microsoft for resisting that option, and Mr. Ballmer hardly appeared in a conciliatory mood.
That case, brought by a young investment banker named Christian Curry, was settled this fall, a year after Morgan Stanley's handling of it led to the resignation of the firm's top lawyer.
Mike Sheehan is named president for US operations of Hill, Holliday, Connors, Cosmopulos; Bruce Kelley is named co-vice chairman of Martin Agency in Richmond, Va; Les Delano is named chief executive of Octagon Worldwide; Barry Linsky is retiring as executive vice president for planning and business development at Interpublic Group and will be handing over duties to Gunnar Wilmot; Lynn Fantom is becoming chairwoman and chief executive of ID Media; Bernard S Hodes is retiring as president and chief executive at Bernard Hodes Group in New York; Alan V Schwartz will succeed him; Robert LePlae is named president for Playa del Rey, Calif, office of TBWA/Chiat/Day; Paul Kelly is named chief executive and president at network of six Wolf Group offices; Rob Guenette is named chief executive at Wolf's Toronto office (M)
It is odd, he said, that Comcast started the second regional sports network in Chicago, and is an investor and the operating partner in the Mets' new network, which will start next year and be the fourth one in the New York market.
In a showdown that could portend the final blow to the shaky personal computing alliance between Apple Computer and I.B.M., the two companies plan on Wednesday to try renegotiating license fees for Apple's Macintosh operating system software.
The head of an Iraqi oil agency said yesterday that his group had been trucking in gasoline and other fuel to Iraq for considerably less money than Halliburton, which has so far received more than $700 million from the Army Corps of Engineers to stave off shortages there.
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter yesterday accused a former employee who filed a discrimination suit against it of brazenly stealing the firm's money through systematic false expense claims, and said that the employee's contentions of racism and homophobia at the firm amounted to an ''extortion scheme.''
And when the judge issued his findings of fact in November, he found that Microsoft had ''demonstrated that it will use its prodigious market power and immense profits to harm any firm that insists on pursuing initiatives that could intensify competition against one of Microsoft's core products.''
A spokesman for Coca-Cola at the company's Atlanta headquarters said the company had checked out the May 12 incident and had found no reason to be concerned.
Intel Offering of Multimedia Chip Could Lift Disappointing PC Sales
Merck said the withdrawal of Vioxx would mean a major loss of revenue, as the drug accounted for $2.5 billion in worldwide sales.
Comcast's problem with the Orioles is a lengthy legal detour from the mostly happy tale of the Nationals, who lead their division with a 44-31 record, and whose cable games have been held hostage to the battle between Angelos and Comcast.
One consultant, who works for Pfizer and spoke on condition of anonymity, said on Monday that Pfizer had believed that because the company ''walked on water in the media's eyes,'' no one would look closely at the company's pipeline of drugs under development to conclude that it trailed many of its competitors.
The ads, running in Omaha and Tucson, underscore Wal-Mart's transformation over the last several years from an insular company obsessed with low prices and technological efficiency to one that openly acknowledges its public relations troubles and has introduced numerous programs to counter them.
Despite his downgrade, Joseph A. Osha, the Merrill Lynch analyst, said he was among those surprised to see Intel lower its guidance.
Wal-Mart's online video-rental service failed to do just that, and analysts said the digital download system could encounter the same problem.
Mr. Horvitz, who speaks apologetically about the Paper Clip program, said its shortcomings were the result of Microsoft's failure to implement all of his team's ideas.
John J. Shanley, senior athletic and footwear industry analyst at Susquehanna Financial Group, which does not own Nike shares, said that smaller competitors have long outdone Nike by selling better-fitting and more fashionable workout clothes to women.
In a further reflection of its financial distress, the company, which has lost nearly $4 billion so far this year, said it would seek to sell a majority stake in the General Motors Acceptance Corporation, the financial services giant that is G.M.
''It's a tough political environment at Oracle.''
Xerox, its gross margins plummeting as costs soar, clearly needs the cash.
Richard M Gottlieb letter says antitrust case against Microsoft has done more damage to American consumer than anything government can hope to remedy; cites recent Nasdaq stock selloff (S)
Merck, the third-largest American drug maker, was faced in 2000 with clinical trial results showing that patients taking Vioxx, a painkiller, had five times the number of heart attacks as those taking an older drug.
The product name alone has drawn Microsoft's wrath: Lindows.
When government officials present the company with a lawful request for information about a Yahoo user, he said, ''Yahoo China will not know whether the demand for information is for a legitimate criminal investigation or is going to be used to prosecute political dissidents.''
Lubricant May Be Linked To Alaska Airlines Crash
In an interview, Robert Ray, a senior vice president of Moody's, noted that the company's long-term debt was still rated investment grade.
Since October, when Texaco, the oil company headquartered in Harrison, N.Y., announced that it had agreed to be acquired by Chevron Corporation and that the new headquarters would be in San Francisco, it had been assumed that the corporate presence in Westchester County would shrink, but it was not clear by how much.
From a low of $36 in 2000, Bank of America's stock slowly but steadily moved higher.
''The evidence to date suggests that this is a one-off event,'' said Howard Rubel, a military analyst with Soundview Technologies Group, an investment bank in Greenwich, Conn. ''Someone made a mistake and it is most important for Boeing to communicate that it has zero tolerance for unethical conduct.''
The culture war surrounding ''Brokeback Mountain'' may be nearing an end, but as the film was released on DVD last week, it found an unusual ally: Wal-Mart Stores.
Over the last week, both Mr. Gates and Steven A. Ballmer, Microsoft's chief executive, have said in interviews that the company ''has done absolutely nothing wrong,'' as Mr. Gates put it, and has no intention of changing its business practices.
''The difference, though, is that now Microsoft has been found to be a monopoly and to have violated antitrust laws.''
''There's no question their payout ratio was too high, but this cut was still heavier than we expected,'' said Jack L. Kelly, an analyst at Goldman Sachs who rates the shares as underweight, the equivalent of sell.
But experts said many users without up-to-date virus protection neglected to download and install Microsoft's protective program and were thus susceptible to the attack by the so-called Blaster worm.
In a news conference outside the Pentagon, the defense minister of Australia, Brendan Nelson, told Bloomberg News that ''We are very disappointed with Boeing's performance on the program.''
And it would not require users to abandon Microsoft Windows and Office.
In recent months, federal investigators, state officials, Congressional committees and plaintiffs' lawyers have obtained thousands of internal Merck documents while pursuing investigations and lawsuits related to Vioxx.
Boston Scientific was forced by an unrelated regulatory inquiry to disclose the Irish operation to Medinol in 2000.
In 1984, AT&T was finally broken apart in a court-ordered divestiture and lost two-thirds of its assets; the new company had seven regional telephone holding companies, or ''Baby Bells,'' including one later renamed Verizon.
Amazon has aggressively expanded its offerings in recent months.
The record sales were spurred by a price war that began after Sept. 11, led by General Motors.
Boeing, which normally relishes the missteps of its rival, is trying to avoid taking potshots this time.
AMR, the parent company of American Airlines based in Fort Worth, reported a fourth-quarter loss of $604 million, 56 percent wider than a year earlier, when the company lost $387 million.
Mr. Frank said nothing had changed since last week, when Microsoft changed its mind and called off a hearing with European regulators and the complainants in the case.
The biggest threat to Adobe, he said, has less to do with Microsoft than with the maturing software industry.
He noted that Xerox hired independent investigators in Mexico only after its own investigation had confirmed that accounting fraud was taking place and that Xerox promptly fired the Mexican executives who had committed the fraud.
Ms. Lowry finished Merck's closing, again arguing that Mr. Lanier had failed to prove that Mr. Ernst had died from a heart attack or that Vioxx was in any way responsible for his arrhythmia.
Microsoft's fear of Pogo-ism is part of its corporate culture.
But analysts suggested that its release now was an attempt to pressure AOL into choosing a deal with Microsoft over Google.
The New York State Public Service Commission voted yesterday to require Verizon Communications, the state's main local phone carrier, to lower the prices it charges to competitors that use its network.
THE proposed $80 billion merger between Exxon and Mobil raises a question: At what point does a company get so big that its size alone becomes a nightmare for consumers?
At Citigroup, he intently searches for the risks and rewards of investing in distressed Japanese debt or buying the investment banking operations of Schroders, the British firm Citigroup acquired in 2000.
It was unclear yesterday how large an investment Mr. Icahn planned to amass in Time Warner.
Earnings at Bank of America Decline on Bad Loans
Antonio M. Perez, Kodak's chief executive, told analysts in July that Kodak would no longer give guidance on future earnings because it was unable to predict when the impact of continuing revamping would hit the bottom line.
The disclosure in March of additional problems attributed them to the weakness in accounting procedures in areas like tracking the hundreds of agency acquisitions made by Interpublic in the 1990's.
Excluding such costs, Motorola earned $48 million, or 2 cents a share, beating forecasts by 6 cents.
Aetna is known -- and much criticized by doctors -- for the tight controls on medical services imposed by its managed-care plans, but it vowed last fall to become less confrontational and to loosen its hold on patient care.
But even against that backdrop, Xerox seems to be suffering most.
Earlier Tuesday, comScore, a market research company, released the results of a survey that showed Yahoo had lost considerable market share to Google in the last year.
More property was added as McDonald's opened new restaurants, buying many of the restaurant properties because loans are not easily available in Russia to run small businesses, including the franchises that McDonald's sells in other countries.
Correction:  May 29, 1998, Friday  Because of an editing error, an article in Business Day on Wednesday about a lawsuit filed by 20 states against the Microsoft Corporation misidentified the antitrust officials who contend that the company's pricing policies for its Office suite of programs leave computer makers with the practical choice of installing the software on all their computers or none.
James Stillman Rockefeller, who helped capture an Olympic rowing title for the United States before a banking career with a company that eventually become Citigroup, died yesterday at his home in Greenwich, Conn., his family announced.
For example, the experimental A.T.& T. system has learned to ignore the extra horizontal stroke in a European-style 7.
For Microsoft, the Time May Have Come to Cut a Deal
For example, the bottler cannot sell any bottling operations without Coca-Cola's consent.
In trading yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange, as the Dow Jones industrial average dropped 1.6 percent, Interpublic shares, which started at $12.19, fluctuated, falling at one point to as low as $11.98, down 1.7 percent, or 21 cents, before closing down 0.25 percent, or 3 cents, at $12.16.
But the decision to end cloning, which has been criticized by some Macintosh users who wanted a choice of hardware vendors, leaves problems for Apple.
PeopleSoft Rejects Bid From Oracle
But, while some community leaders reacted angrily when Kodak executives met with them at 7 A.M. yesterday, others took the news philosophically, if sadly.
Patients taking the anemia drugs in those trials and in some others also experienced higher levels of life-threatening blood clots, prompting Johnson & Johnson to stop some clinical trials of Procrit last fall.
US Government attorney David Boies attacks testimony of Microsoft Corp vice president Brad Chase on multiple fronts at antitrust trial, and at times Chase's explanations seem to cause even Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson to question his credibility; Chase tries to stress that Microsoft's decision to bundle Web browser with Windows operating system was not anticompetitive because alternative browsers are easily available (M)
MasterCard, for instance, has tolerated and, arguably, benefited from the spate of profane or off-color parodies of the ''Priceless'' campaign.
British Drug Industry Group Criticizes Pfizer
''They are hurt when global economies weaken, and the reason is the foreign consumer trades down to local brands or they stop using products altogether,'' said Timothy M. Ghriskey, a senior portfolio manager at the Dreyfus Corporation, who oversees several funds that hold a significant amount of Procter stock.
Analysts say, however, that even when more games appear, Microsoft may have trouble luring first-time buyers because of the need to replace their game software libraries.
Under the schedule set by Judge Jackson in April, the Justice Department and 17 states filed a brief with the court on April 28 asking the judge to break Microsoft into two companies as the remedy for the illegal behavior found in the long antitrust trial.
But last week, Merck received bad news from researchers in just such a trial.
Thirty Nigerian families sued Pfizer in federal court yesterday, saying the company conducted an unethical clinical trial of an antibiotic on their children in 1996.
TNS Gallop AdFact, ad tracking agency in Moscow, reports that Chevron of US, Statoil and Hydro of Norway and Total of France, all of whom are in talks with Gazprom to join consortium to develop Shtokman offshore gas deposit, have run at least 33 television ads on Gazprom's NTV and 86 print ads in Moscow during time of negotiations; says only Conoco has not run ads; Chevron says timing was coincidental; Total says ads were unrelated to Shtokman; Statoil says such ads are normal (M)
Michael S. Clendenin, a spokesman for Consolidated Edison, said the cause of the transformer malfunction would remain unclear until the utility had a chance to remove the foam that firefighters used to put out the fire.
So far though, investors are betting that the offers from Pfizer and American Home Products are both too low.
When Microsoft broke into the game console business in October 2001, with the first Xbox, there were only five games available, and two of them were made by Microsoft, said Anita Frazier, an analyst with NPD Funworld, a market research firm.
Former investment banker Christian Curry is charged with trying to break into Morgan Stanley Dean Witter's computer system and drop in E-mail message that would support his claim that company had dismissed him because he is black (S)
Along the way, Dr. Rost has become increasingly isolated at Pfizer, the world's largest drug company.
Bearish analysts say the departure of Mr. Jordan and others reflects larger challenges the company faces as its core auction business matures, as it struggles in Asian markets and especially as Google begins to entice small merchants away from eBay.
Referring to Nathan Myhrvold, Microsoft's vice president for research, he said that ''a year ago, Nathan said the network computer was the dorkiest idea since the stand-alone word processor.''
Yesterday, Merck said it had made a mistake in reporting that result last year.
Southwest Airlines, which began its fall fare sale in July, last week extended the deals through Jan. 14, with prices as low as $39 one way between Las Vegas and Los Angeles.
But analysts worry that low morale among Home Depot's employees, combined with management's lack of investment in the stores, has turned off shoppers who have decks to build and kitchens to renovate.
''The only thing more disturbing than Oracle's behavior is their ongoing attempt to justify these actions,'' Microsoft said in a statement.
Mr. Brass, acknowledging that there has not been much progress in grammar checking recently, said he thought that Microsoft would soon make significant strides, particularly in the company's tablet-computer division, which he heads.
Floyd Norris assesses Corning's financial maneuvers to deal with company's shaky balance sheet; comments on company's need for cash to finance operating losses, noting that credit rating agencies have determined that its bonds are junk and its commercial paper unsalable; notes that to deal with situation, Corning came up with glorified common stock offering that devastated an already depressed share price; graph (M)
Time Warner has refused to place the Fox News Channel on its New York City cable television system, arguing that there are already enough such channels.
More than ever, this quarter's results underscore the central tension that led to Mr. Purcell's departure: Morgan Stanley remains a first-class banking house married to an awkward mix of second-tier consumer-oriented businesses.
It took Time Warner almost a decade to work its way out from under the debt it had taken on to buy Warner in 1989 and to make peace with shareholders infuriated by the deal.
And now that AT&T is using the phrase in some print ads, he wants the company to stop.
And industry executives cite the inability of cellphone users who subscribe to AT&T Wireless and other services to call these numbers.
Talk of Partners, Rumblings of Battle at Verizon
And some observers wonder if the intensity of competition, particularly between Yahoo and Google, may have its own distractions, leaving both companies vulnerable.
United Airlines will soon begin experiment in which passengers who pay lowest fare will be limited to one carry-on bag a flight, instead of usual two; experiment will begin Dec 1; American Express business air fare index shows average typical business fare on 215 routes tracked by index rose 20 percent in first nine months of 1997, compared with same period in 1996; two cruise ships of Costa Cruise Lines are offering golf clinics and seminars on board with PGA golf pro through April; Air France introduces one-hour audio tape for American business traveler to France (Business Travel column) (M)
Transkaryotic argues the patents should not include all EPO because Amgen did not invent the substance.
While the cutoff letter Microsoft sent to Compaq seems an unnecessarily hardball tactic when dealing with its largest corporate customer, Bob Herbold, Microsoft's chief operating officer, insists, ''To take one letter here or one snippet of E-mail there to try to portray Microsoft as an arrogant company is unfair.''
If the stock market is to be believed -- and that's rarely a good bet -- the prospect of mergers among on-line merchants in both books and music is dire news for Amazon.com Inc., the most popular store on the Internet.
Eight dissident executives fighting for control of Morgan Stanley submit third letter to firm's directors, asking for meeting to discuss their criticism of chief executive Philip J Purcell; letter poses 14 questions to directors, raising doubts about conduct of board and Purcell with relation to recent departure of several executives, proposed spinoff of Discover credit card unit and regulatory and legal scrapes that have embroiled Morgan Stanley; letter comes amid signs that some public pension funds may join campaign against Purcell's leadership; California Public Employees' Retirement System, or Calpers, says it is 'concerned about the issue' and that it is considering asking for meeting with Morgan Stanley; Calpers owns 5.9 million shares of company; such meeting would follow critical comments from Orin S Kramer, hedge fund manager who handles $70 billion New Jersey pension fund; letter also asks if board approved Purcell's decision to force resignations of Vikram S Pandit, John P Havens and Stephan F Newhouse, senior executives who left in days after Purcell's management shake-up; photos (M)
The goal is to make it a name that, if not as well known as its archrival, General Electric, is at least in the same league.
The Intel Corporation recently blinked in a confrontation with privacy advocates protesting the company's plans to ship its newest generation of microprocessors with an embedded serial number that could be used to identify a computer -- and by extension, its user.
But now, rather than trying to address those concerns, Monsanto, the industry and official Washington were dismissing them as the insignificant worries of the uninformed.
Digital's Suit Against Intel: Planning for the Next War
Yesterday, John Moore, an analyst at Moody's, said he expected that the company's cash flow could drop by more than 25 percent in fiscal 2002, to just over $1 billion, from $1.38 billion in fiscal 2001.
US District Court Judge Richard Stearns, Boston, deals Microsoft Corp a setback in its pretrial antitrust suit preparations by denying the company access to interview tapes and transcripts for book Competing on Internet Time; as yet unpublished book by Massachusetts Institute of Technology's Sloan School Prof Michael A Cusumano and Harvard Business School Prof David B Yoffie is based largely on interviews with Netscape Communications Corp executives (M)
Mr. LeMay, who returned to Sprint, the telecommunications giant, has not discussed his about-face, but others have attributed it to his discovery that Waste Management's problems ran deeper than he expected.
Phil Condit, the chairman of Boeing, said last week that the company could maintain its position in the strike for a long time.
Verizon Communications yesterday introduced one of the oldest items in its inventory -- the humble phone booth -- as its newest weapon in the bitter competition to dominate the broadband communications market of the future.
J. P. Morgan and Citigroup were both among Enron's biggest lenders, and both helped structure, and invested in, some of the off-balance-sheet partnerships that critics say helped the company disguise its financial condition.
Gone are the days when Intel had virtually no competition.
Interpublic has also been grappling with financial and operational problems that have led it to restate earnings and delay its most recent quarterly reports.
It was still unclear yesterday whether Xerox's problems were specific to the company, or a sign of a general malaise in the industry.
Mr. Chenault has said that American Express's mistake was that it was arrogant and did not take the threat from banks seriously until it was too late.
The Eastman Kodak Company, which has long viewed its copier business as a liability, announced yesterday that it would sell most of its copier manufacturing operations to Heidelberger Druckmaschinen A.G. of Germany
PeopleSoft executives said the shares were currently trading at the low end of their historical valuation largely because of the uncertainty created by Oracle's takeover attempt.
The ruling comes as the Federal Trade Commission is investigating Intel for unfair trade practices.
Adding to its troubles, Merck, the world's third-largest drug maker after Pfizer and GlaxoSmithKline, faces the challenge of replacing its top-selling drug Zocor, the cholesterol-lowering treatment, which will lose patent protection in 2006.
Analysts said that Bank of America's decision to liquidate its $26.3 billion subprime mortgage portfolio over the next seven to nine months probably reflected a weaker economy.
In a suit filed in November, the Texas Attorney General, Dan Morales, argued that his antitrust investigation was being impeded by provisions of Microsoft's licensing agreements that require client companies to inform Microsoft before providing information to state or Federal investigators.
Waste Management Inc. said late today that its problems with misleading accounting went back to 1992, two years earlier than previously announced.
Chevron had tried once before, in May 1999, to acquire Texaco, but its $37.5 billion offer was rejected.
Many of those doubts have been erased for the moment, particularly inside the company, with the announcement on Monday that Hewlett-Packard plans to buy Compaq Computer, a deal that would make Ms. Fiorina the leader of a combined company that will rival I.B.M.
There was no way to know yesterday whether Interpublic's audit committee had found evidence of an accounting problem or whether it was simply being cautious because of concern about shareholder lawsuits and S.E.C.
But yesterday, Ivan Seidenberg, Verizon's chairman, sent a pointed six-page letter to Nicholas Katzenbach, the chairman of MCI's board, and Michael Capellas, MCI's chief executive, arguing his case.
Merck & Company executives have long insisted that they never pursued a clinical trial to directly study the heart risks of the pain drug Vioxx because other tests they were conducting would supply those answers just as quickly.
The company is facing three types of risk, said Michael Mayo, an analyst with Prudential Securities who has had a negative opinion of Citigroup shares since last December.
As a result, Boeing, the world's largest aerospace company and the nation's largest exporter, also said that its 1999 earnings would be between $1.5 billion and $1.8 billion, lower than the already greatly reduced estimate of $2 billion it gave investors last summer.
Mr. Dodds forecast that the high price and sale of stock to Abbott would dilute Boston Scientific's per-share earnings on a cash basis until 2011 and that dilution as more commonly measured on an accounting basis would be even worse.
Four years after it was gobbled up by the AT&T Corporation for $7.5 billion and renamed, the NCR Corporation got its name back yesterday -- the first step toward being cut loose from what has turned out to be a disastrous relationship.
Paul Metzger, the Ohio distributor who complained, said Coca-Cola Enterprises executives had pursued him after he told them he thought he was being charged too much.
Bank of America has fallen more than $5 over the last two days, declining $3.88 yesterday, to $42.
First, Microsoft spent $400 million to acquire WebTV, only to discover that the world wasn't especially interested in surfing the Internet from the living-room couch.
That thinking was reflected when Airbus mounted an aggressive public relations campaign against Boeing's long-term contracts following Delta's announcement of the  Boeing deal in March.
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. reported surprisingly strong earnings yesterday in its first full quarter as a public company, a striking reversal from a year ago when fallout from Russia's economic woes forced the firm to postpone plans for its initial public offering of stock.
While the court agrees with plaintiffs, and thus holds that Microsoft is liable for illegal tying under Section 1, this conclusion is arguably at variance with a decision of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit in a closely related case, and must therefore be explained in some detail.
The hearing follows an appeals court ruling last June that Microsoft illegally stifled nascent threats to its monopoly in computer operating systems posed by the Netscape Web browser and the Java programming language of Sun Microsystems.
In a pretrial hearing, a federal judge in Boston ruled that Transkaryotic Therapies and Aventis had infringed on one Amgen patent covering erythropoietin, or EPO, an anemia drug used for patients undergoing kidney dialysis or chemotherapy for cancer.
Time Warner Inc is still in negotiations with Microsoft and Google over variety of potential deals involving its AOL unit; most of possibilities under discussion do not involve either company's buying stake in AOL; they would involve cooperation on Web search, advertising sales and possibly other areas; Time Warner's leadership has been under pressure from financier Carl C Icahn, who asserts that company is mismanaged and undervalued and has hired Lazard to explore options for splitting it up (M)
Johnson & Johnson, which makes the antipsychotic drug Risperdal and the pain killer Tylenol, had a 14.4 percent increase in third-quarter earnings, to $1.1 billion.
The loss of one of its top-performing international markets was an enormous blow to Pepsi, which sued Coca-Cola over it and won $94 million in damages from an international arbitration court.
But Mr. Britt of Time Warner said cable modems would not become a truly mass-market product until they had the capability to transmit full-motion video at the same speeds that they now transmit data.
Documents released in case of Warner-Lambert whistle-blower Dr David P Franklin shed light on how extensively doctors were involved in promoting unapproved uses of company's drug Neurontin; Warner-Lambert paid dozens of doctors tens of thousands of dollars each to speak to other physicians about how Neurontin, epilepsy drug, could be prescribed for more than dozen other medical uses that had not been approved by Food and Drug Administration; Dr B J Wilder, top speaker for Neurontin, received more than $300,000 for speeches given from 1994 to 1997; six other doctors, including some from top medical schools, received more than $100,000 each; Franklin contends company's marketing tactics were illegal; says federal and state governments paid hundreds of millions of dollars for Neurontin as doctors prescribed drug to Medicaid patients for various conditions; Pfizer acquired Warner-Lambert in 2000 (M)
California's highest court ruled yesterday that the First Amendment did not shield Nike from a lawsuit accusing it of fraud for asserting that its overseas workers received adequate wages and that its working conditions complied with safety regulations.
Judge Jackson said he would hear Microsoft's request for a substantial delay during another scheduled hearing later this month.
On Wednesday, Smith Barney, which is part of Citigroup, fired four brokers for inappropriate activities related to market timing, a spokeswoman said yesterday.
''SCO seems to be asking customers to pay for a license based on allegations, not facts,'' I.B.M.
And those three signs will be only five blocks south of three amber-colored, 157-foot-long stock and financial information zippers that strut across the face of the Morgan Stanley Dean Witter building, at 1585 Broadway.
Steven Roth, chairman of Vornado Realty Trust, set his sights on the World Trade Center after being deeply disappointed in losing out in the bidding for Rockefeller Center, according to real estate executives.
Analysts said Fresenius probably used the looming threat from Roche to extract a bigger discount from Amgen in return for making it the sole supplier.
General Motors Corp agrees to buy two-thirds of Daewoo Motor Co from Daewoo's creditors for about $1 billion, but leaves most troublesome parts on creditors' hands (S)
A German drug and chemical company, Merck KGaA, plans to make a 14.9 billion euro ($17.7 billion) hostile bid today for a German rival, Schering A.G., the target company said yesterday.
Just a few months before Mr. Rigas met with Moody's in 2002, Adelphia disclosed for the first time that the company was jointly liable for hundreds of millions of dollars owed by the Rigases and that the company would have to pay it if the family could not.
But such an arrangement would not work well in apparel, because no single apparel maker offers a spectrum of goods broad enough to satisfy Amazon's 34 million customers and 37 million monthly visitors.
Indeed, Kodak's sales of film in China were down 50 percent in April and May compared with the months a year earlier, and analysts said June sales were looking even worse.
According to the complaint, Bank of America's funds, in return, received hundreds of millions in investments from Mr. Stern as well as commissions.
Mr. Advani argued that Lenovo had carefully tracked brand awareness in nine countries and noted that a survey showed that during the last six months, the association between ThinkPad and I.B.M.
said yesterday that it had acquired the disaster recovery subsidiary of Schlumberger for an undisclosed sum.
The agreement, which is expected to become final in a few weeks, would end a three-year investigation into wrongdoing by Boeing employees and would require the company to pay $565 million to cover civil claims and $50 million to end a criminal inquiry.
A federal appeals court held last year that Microsoft illegally preserved its monopoly in a series of acts intended to sideline the Netscape Web browser and the Java programming language, which posed a potential threat to Windows.
Rob Brenner, senior director of medical affairs at Amgen, said the company had always promoted use of its drugs in accordance with the more cautious F.D.A.
Union leaders said in interviews yesterday that their organizing drive was going somewhat worse than they had expected largely because of the unexpected aggressiveness of Amazon's antiunion efforts.
He brought the suit, he said, because Pfizer and Pharmacia repeatedly rejected his efforts to tell the F.D.A.
The International Labor Rights Fund, an organization in Washington that represents workers in other countries, brought the lawsuit on behalf of 11 villagers in Aceh who contend that over the last year, they and their family members have been victims of murder, torture, kidnapping and rape at the hands of the Indonesian military unit guarding Exxon Mobil's natural gas field.
Mark Turner, a 39-year-old accountant turned software temp who has been at Microsoft since August, explained before the meeting that a mountain of grievances had pushed him and the 15 other workers to back unionization.
But several analysts said the approach was an acknowledgment that Gap needed to figure out what was wrong with its products before advertising its brands.
''Factually,'' he added, ''I think it will be hard for Microsoft to justify what it is doing.''
Communications Workers of America, Verizon's largest union, takes more negative tone about contract talks, citing company's demand for power to dismiss workers at will, other unresolved issues; union and International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers say strike is still possible; Verizon sees progress in talks (M)
The authority says Whole Foods is selling wine out of a grocery store, violating state law.
Citigroup said 65 percent, or about 6,760, of the cuts would be overseas.
Suzuki Motor to buy 14.9 percent stake in GM-Daewoo Auto & Technology, company General Motors is forming as successor to bankrupt Daewoo Motor, for $89 million; GM, which also owns 20 percent of Suzuki, will own 42.1 percent of company; is still looking for another partner to buy 10 percent (S)
Some analysts suspect such pressure was evident recently as James H. Hance Jr., vice chairman and chief financial officer of Bank of America, prepared to deliver the bank's third-quarter results to Wall Street.
Amalgamated said in the complaint that it wanted to review the records ''to investigate possible breaches of fiduciary duty and fraud on the part of Marriott's board of directors.''
Still, Saudi Aramco, which earned $80 billion last year, cannot match the financial resources of an Exxon Mobil ($210 billion in 2000 income), and supporters argued that letting foreigners risk money on exploration made more sense than further straining the hard-pressed Saudi treasury.
But Time Warner abandoned the experiment, called the Full Service Network, in 1994 because of uncertain demand for the system.
In February of last year, Judge Fullam denied motions by Allstate to dismiss both suits.
But sales problems and hardware changes left Nvidia with piles of unsold and unusable chips, putting it in a position where it could have lost money on the console if it had not submitted the Microsoft contract to arbitration.
RealNetworks appears to be endeavoring to avoid being ''Netscaped,'' a reference to the fate that befell the Netscape Communications Corporation when Microsoft decided to make an Internet browser, which was pioneered commercially by Netscape, a standard part of the Windows operating system.
And American Express has an address verification program to protect merchants from fraud.
The risk to Mr. Gates is that the interactive TV set, upon which he is betting most heavily, may prove a mirage that wastes billions of dollars of investment capital and Microsoft development efforts.
In another part of the ruling, he noted, the appeals court vacated a lower court's finding that Microsoft's decision to bundle its browser with Windows was inherently illegal.
JEFF BEZOS, the chief executive of Amazon.com, has an approach to e-mail that his corporate peers might consider insane.
Under its terms, American Express will pay I.B.M.
Delay of the New Intel Chip Won't Affect Consumers Much
''It's a big loss for Boeing.''
Nor would they discuss  whether the government would oppose an effort by Microsoft to have any remedies postponed until after the case is reviewed by higher courts, a process that may take another two years.
Sony points out that whereas Apple doesn't share its AAC format with anyone, Atrac is available for licensing by other music-player makers.
The commission's majority also dismissed arguments from consumer groups that the merged company, to be known as AT&T Comcast, would have too much power over the market for television programming and other content.
The announcement by Aetna comes after a report on mental health and substance abuse issued yesterday by the Institute of Medicine of the National Academies, a nonprofit public policy advisory group.
Microsoft Corp discloses it held talks to acquire German software maker SAP before it is presented in trial of antitrust case brought by Justice Department to contest Oracle Corp's hostile $7.7 billion bid for PeopleSoft; Microsoft is not litigant in antitrust case; its presence looms large in courtroom, especially its strategy in business software--$25-billion-a-year market for back-office programs that companies use to manage their finances, human resources, procurement, sales and customer relations; graph; chart (M)
When Gap Inc. went wrong, everyone at the company's headquarters said it was because Mr. Drexler's style sense was off course.
Better Business Bureau decides to reinstate Priceline.com as member in good standing; cited Priceline in September for failing to fully disclose terms of its travel offers and for customer service problems; photo (S)
The $615 million settlement ended a three-year investigation and allowed Boeing to avoid criminal charges over accusations that it had improperly acquired proprietary documents from a rival, Lockheed Martin, and had illegally recruited an Air Force weapons buyer who was overseeing Boeing contracts.
Intel Corp says it will not meet its expectations for sales or gross profit margin for its second quarter; cites weak demand in Europe and fact that microprocessor sales in second quarter, typically industry's weakest, did not rise to seasonal norms; Intel shares, downgraded by Merrill Lynch to neutral from strong buy, fall 4.2 percent in regular trading and another 10 percent after hours; photo (M)
The Fleming Companies, which supplies groceries to Target and other retailers, filed yesterday for bankruptcy protection after being stung by an accounting investigation, unhappy suppliers and the loss of its Kmart business.
Visto's suit challenges three Microsoft patents and tries to block Microsoft's wireless e-mail product, Windows Mobile Direct Push Technology, which Microsoft expects to introduce in the spring.
Their reasoning is that the market has already rendered obsolete whatever anticompetitive tactics Intel may have employed in the past.
Raymond J Lane's abrupt resignation as president of Oracle Corp leaves day-to-day operation of company in hands of troika of executives who report directly to Lawrence J Ellison; they are Gary L Bloom, Oracle's top marketer and executive vice president, Jeffrey O Henley, chief financial officer, and Safra Catz, an executive vice president; Ellison says Lane will not be replaced; photos (M)
Microsoft, which routinely has offered pessimistic guidance, said today that it saw no immediate improvement in the outlook for the troubled personal computer industry, still the core of its business.
IN the last year, two mega-grocery stores have opened in communities that were previously making do without one: Fairway Market in Red Hook, Brooklyn, and Whole Foods Market at the nexus of a few under-grocered downtown neighborhoods: the East Village, the Lower East Side and NoLIta.
He added that Netledger was focusing on a market that Oracle had no intention of entering.
They say that Coca-Cola and its giant bottling company, Coca-Cola Enterprises, are essentially one business and should consolidate their financial statements, an argument not lost on the nation's accounting rule makers.
The request in Alabama came after Judge Eldon E. Fallon of Federal District Court in New Orleans, who is overseeing hundreds of federal lawsuits against Merck, asked at a hearing yesterday morning for the postponements of the state cases.
Mr. Monti held a brief meeting with Steven A. Ballmer, Microsoft's chief executive on Wednesday morning, after spending four hours with him and Microsoft's chief lawyer, Bradford L. Smith, on Tuesday, a person close to the talks said, adding that they parted without reaching any agreement.
''What is uncommon in the Comcast bid is that the 9 percent premium offered was so low and was wiped out so quickly,'' Mr. Schoenfeld said.
Thus, while Microsoft may, in the words of Chief Judge Edwards, have been a ''paranoid monopolist'' that ''shot at everything,'' Judge Jackson may have erred, Judge Edwards indicated, when he concluded that there was a direct link between Microsoft's aggressive tactics and direct harm in the relevant market.
In addition to its problems in Europe, McDonald's said its first-quarter results would be hurt by the rise in the value of the dollar against several currencies, especially the euro, the British pound and the Japanese yen.
The second week of arguments begins today over what penalties Microsoft should face for repeatedly violating antitrust law, and the federal judge presiding over the trial in Washington has postponed ruling on the case's most contested question: how broad is the scope of this remedy proceeding?
We make international calls using an Internet service, Net2Phone, whose rates are cheaper than what Verizon charged in our previous service plan.
In June, Xerox acknowledged that it had uncovered serious accounting improprieties in its Mexican businesses, and a former financial employee is now accusing the company of ''significant accounting and financial reporting irregularities'' in other countries as well.
''To imply that the most rigorous and complete analysis was not brought to bear on this, I find absurd,'' Mr. Mott said, adding that Boeing had reviewed the work in both reports since the Columbia's destruction on Feb. 1.
The idea for the Valet came in 1996, when a study by Whirlpool showed that  ironing was the second most hated household task.
NASA officials have said that based on the Boeing report and also on their view that images from satellites or telescopes on the ground might not be clear enough to assess the damage, they decided not to request the aid of other agencies to obtain magnified images.
In advance of what could be harsh Congressional questioning this week, Yahoo plans to issue a statement today outlining its belief in openness and freedom of speech -- even when it is forced to violate those beliefs by laws in China.
Employment in Renton, now home to Boeing's commercial jetliner division, has risen and fallen along with military spending and airline orders over the years.
Gregory B. Maffei, the chief financial officer and a co-president of the Oracle Corporation, resigned unexpectedly yesterday, less than five months after he joined the company.
All that, Cisco says, will come at a price as little as 10 percent of that charged by its older competitors.
The four-star Air Force officer named to command American forces in the Pacific requested that his nomination be withdrawn Wednesday after a Senate hearing turned contentious over the scandal involving contracts with the Boeing Company.
Chuck Mulloy, an Intel spokesman, said the ruling would have little impact because Intel had not stopped shipping or threatened to stop shipping chips to Intergraph.
Prince for his role in the scandal over Citigroup's private bank being barred from operating in Japan.
Microsoft replied that Apple was blackmailing it with a long-running patent dispute and paid it $150 million to stop the harassment.
A forced merger with Express Scripts would require debt that would diminish the financial strength of the combined company, Caremark contended.
Cyberonics, the troubled maker of implantable stimulators, said yesterday that it had recruited a senior Boston Scientific marketing executive to become its chief executive and that it would aim to return to profitability by cutting back on efforts to market its device as an antidepression treatment.
It will also take part in the Microsoft program, but Mr. McCaslin said he did not expect such a sales approach to dominate the hotel industry.
Procter & Gamble, whose New Orleans coffee operations were shut down by Hurricane Katrina on Aug 29, has restarted two of four main production lines at Folgers roasting plant, first major manufacturing site in city to come back after storm; believes getting Folgers plant up and running is critical to maintaining brand's leadership share position as company enters peak season; smaller Millstone plant remains closed; photos (M)
As a result, the report says, the chain ''is not seen as a smart choice'' for clothing, home dcor, electronics, prescriptions and groceries, categories the retailer has identified as priorities as it tries to turn around its slipping store sales, a decline likely to be emphasized Friday during Wal-Mart's shareholder meeting.
During the review process, Wal-Mart said, the two executives accepted meals and gifts, among them, a watch and a case of vodka, in violation of Wal-Mart policies.
They want him to relinquish the reins at Deutsch and assume a larger role at Interpublic, perhaps taking over one or more of its struggling agencies.
Microsoft, on the other hand, said in its filing today that the company  ''respectfully disagrees with the court's findings and believes they are unsupported by the record.''
The campaign is part of efforts by Pfizer to maintain Viagra's lead in the market for erectile dysfunction treatments in the face of intense competition from two new prescription drugs, Cialis and Levitra.
Helped by the popularity of Rob Mariano and Amber Brkich, a love-to-hate pair of villains who had migrated from CBS's ''Survivor,'' the finale of the seventh season of ''The Amazing Race'' drew more than 16 million viewers, a series high.
Mr. Reed's retirement was not forced by the bank's board, nor did it arise from any personal animosity between Mr. Weill and Mr. Reed, according to both executives and others at Citigroup.
and Motorola, and analysts indicated that for that reason alone both companies were unlikely to sue Apple over its decision.
Coca-Cola Co will lay off 1,000 employees in North America; five hundreds cuts will be made at company's headquarters in Atlanta; chairman-chief executive Douglas N Daft comments (S)
Prices for business insurance are continuing to soar in the aftermath of the Sept. 11 attacks and Maurice R. Greenberg, the chief executive of the American International Group, said yesterday that he expected no letup at least through next year.
Things have been spinning badly for Microsoft in the four weeks that it has been presenting its defense in the antitrust case.
Frank J. Mitsch, an analyst with BB&T Capital Markets who has covered Dow Chemical for years, said: ''I've never seen anything like this in chemical land: Liveris making all these denials, while unbeknownst to him, two of his own heavy-hitters are holding talks.''
Interpublic, in reporting a loss for the second quarter caused by restructuring costs, widely missed Wall Street's estimates, forecast further charges to better align expenses with revenue and withdrew the earnings guidance it had offered for the full year.
That was no small feat, considering that its largest bottler, Coca-Cola Enterprises, sent a shudder of disappointment through Wall Street last week by posting results that were only a quarter of what analysts had expected.
Ford has tried for years to get into the Chinese market after having lost to General Motors in a fierce competition in the mid-90's for the last major car deal sanctioned under the government's auto-industry master plan.
The European Commission has stopped the clock in its investigation into the planned acquisition by General Electric of a Finnish medical equipment company, Instrumentarium, pushing back the Aug. 18 deadline for a ruling on the deal.
Citigroup, which is under scrutiny from regulators and Congress for role in series of financial scandals, ousts Michael A Carpenter as chief executive of its investment bank, Salomon Smith Barney; replaces him with Charles O Prince, more senior executive with legal background; chairman Sanford I Weill says he and vice chairman Robert E Rubin will be more involved in management of Salomon, which is under investigation for role in financing failed Enron Corp, WorldCom and several other troubled telecommunications companies; photos (M)
Attempts to negotiate a settlement with one of those women, Allison Schieffelin, broke down in late summer and the commission began considering whether to file suit against Morgan Stanley.
In a move viewed by Wall Street as the ultimate signal of continued hostilities within the largest securities firm in the nation, John J. Mack resigned yesterday as president of Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Company after 28 years there.
''Interpublic agencies have had an unfortunate spotlight on them, but deservedly so,'' said Donny Deutsch, chairman and chief executive at Deutsch.
''I don't want to go to these books anymore, and I don't want to buy these books anymore,'' said Mr. Kirshbaum, of Warner Books, a unit of Time Warner Inc., who was one of the executives who participated in the decision to acquire Ms. Barbieri's book for Little, Brown & Company.
A CBS Take on the YouTube Madness
Apple said the cuts would bring its prices more in line with PC's based on Intel's chips and Microsoft's operating systems.
Standard & Poor's, however, kept the Interpublic outlook at negative, which is a long-term assessment; Credit Watch is applied to companies that Standard & Poor's regards as facing imminent risk of financial difficulties.
The managing board of the group, the Association of the British Pharmaceutical Industry, ruled in February that Pfizer had breached the industry's code of conduct and discredited the industry by using a team of employees known as medical liaisons to promote its products to doctors improperly.
Just as the threats of a boycott against American soft drinks because of the war in Iraq appear to have petered out, Coca-Cola and PepsiCo are caught in a whole new controversy here over the water consumed by their bottling plants in southern India.
Playing television advertisements that Merck ran for Vioxx, Mr. Lanier urged the jury to listen for a warning of Vioxx's heart risks.
Apjit Walia, an analyst at RBC Capital Markets, said Intel's supply constraints were holding it back, but that the company appeared on track to resolve the problem by mid-2006.
He asserted that the states' study of the proposed settlement found flaws that made his decision to oppose it ''a no-brainer,'' particularly in light of ''Microsoft's repeated history of violating court orders and rules.''
He would not identify either company but said their complaints concerned Microsoft's operating systems for personal computers and for the larger machines called servers.
VeriSign Inc., a provider of payment systems for online businesses, has signed a deal with MasterCard International that could help reduce the risk of fraud by making it harder for people to use stolen credit cards for purchases online.
Jack J Mack resigns as president of Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co, a move that signals continued hostilities within firm formed in 1997 by merger of Morgan Stanley investment bank and Dean Witter brokerage firm; is replaced by Robert Scott, veteran Morgan Stanley banker who has been its chief financial officer; photo (Market Place column) (M)
Then, earlier this week, the company faced criticism from privacy advocates, who said Comcast was tracking subscriber Internet traffic patterns in a way that could allow it to follow individual surfing habits.
The Ford Motor Company said today that it would halt production at Brazilian factories for about a week beginning Friday, and had already warned that fourth-quarter profits would be hurt by the Brazil slowdown.
In its research, American Express found that owners split three ways when asked if they wanted a program that would let them impose charges on no-shows.
Motorola said the decline reflected its work with retailers cut back on the number of phones in inventory.
''From a sports marketing standpoint, we are not backing down one bit,'' said Bob Wood, vice president for American marketing at Nike.
Nortel Networks Corp plans to announce alliance with Microsoft Corp that will make much of Nortel's networking code available to outside developers; Nortel also intends to announce price cuts of as much as 50 percent for many of data networking products that it has developed with Bay Networks Inc, which it acquired in 1998 (S)
The Courtyard by Marriott II filing also said CBM would have enough cash to meet its mortgage and senior debt payments, which are senior to the Marriott loan.
Net Action has long been a vocal critic of Microsoft's business practices, and indeed, the involvement of the software giant is among the most controversial elements of the proposed deal.
The department renewed its request that the court impose a $1 million a day fine on Microsoft.
Now some working in the technology field are starting to draw comparisons between Google and Microsoft, the company in Redmond, Wash., that Silicon Valley loves most to hate.
During his afternoon cross-examination, Mr. Boies attacked the credibility of Mr. Eubanks as a witness, portraying him as a Microsoft ally and dependent.
Microsoft begins effort to produce version of Windows for high-performance computing, move seen as direct attack on Linux stronghold; graph (S)
Many of the discrepancies involved the time frames in which Xerox allocated charges.
The acquisition of Siebel, based in San Mateo, Calif., comes less than a year after Oracle concluded a hostile takeover of PeopleSoft for $10.3 billion after a battle that had dragged on for nearly 18 months.
Fidelity Information Services is accused in lawsuit of bribing two Chinese banking officials to obtain lucrative software contract with China Construction Bank in 2001; lawsuit was brought in US District Court in Florida by Grace and Digital Information Technology of Beijing, which is seeking $58 million in consulting fees it says Fidelity owes it; says Fidelity hired middleman to pass money and gifts on to Zhang Enzhao, bank chairman, and other bank officials, possibly in violation of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977; Fidelity lawyers strongly dispute allegations, contending that gifts like trip to golfing resort are typical business expenses in China; Zhangh has been sentenced to 15 years in prison for accepting more than $500,000 in gifts and bribes, including gifts that came from consultant who worked for Fidelity, as well as IBM and Cisco Systems; photos (L)
The initial financial problems that Interpublic found three years ago stemmed mostly from mistakes in intracompany transactions, primarily at European units of the largest Interpublic division, the McCann Worldgroup.
IBM acquires disaster recovery subsidiary of Schlumberger for undisclosed sum; deal will add 40 business backup centers in Europe and North America to 120 IBM Global Services already operates (S)
In fact, on July 7, the day before the Comcast Corporation formally made its unsolicited $44.5 billion bid to acquire the unit, C. Michael Armstrong, AT&T's chairman, was in Atlanta discussing a potential deal with Cox Communications, the nation's No.
Correction:  September 25, 2000, Monday  An article in Business Day on Friday about a warning from Goodyear Tire and Rubber that it would not meet earnings forecasts cited an incorrect past employer for Robert J. Keegan, the company's new president.
Mixed fortunes of General Motors Corp's Hughes Electronics unit, nation's largest satellite company, illustrate big promise and big problems of space business; manufacturing glitches and rocket failures have made it more difficult and costly to get satellites launched; tighter export controls in wake of controversy over technology leaks to China are slowing projects; graphs comparing commercial and Government operations; photos (M)
General Motors Corp announces that it will take charge against earnings of $2 billion to $3 billion as early as fourth quarter to pay for job cuts, write-downs in value of some factories and other changes intended to streamline company in long term; GM says actions are prompted by it continuing study of competitiveness of its major lines of business; bulk of job cuts are expected to come in Europe (L)
Pennsylvania Gov Edward Rendell, despite his objection to municipal Internet provision, signs new telecommunications law; law, considered victory for Verizon Communications, prohibits cities from building their own high-speed broadband data networks without first giving main local phone company right to build network within 14 months; dominant telecommunications provider in a region is required to provide high-speed Internet access across its territories over next decade; photo (M)
The chairman of the Coca-Cola Company apologized to the people of Belgium in extraordinarily contrite newspaper ads today over a contamination scare that began there more than a week ago and spread to other countries in Europe.
In its filing yesterday, Microsoft warned that consumers and the software industry would suffer if the company was split up and its programmers from various product groups could no longer collaborate freely.
Marriott International Inc says fourth-quarter loss was narrower than year ago, and lowers its outlook for 2003 because demand for lodging remains soft; reports loss of $37 million for quarter ended Jan 3, compared with loss of $116 million year ago; revenue was $2.68 billion, up from $2.14 billion; revenue rose to $8.44 billion in 2002, from $7.79 billion previous year; chief financial officer Arne M Sorenson comments; photo (M)
''When we build a product that takes advantage of the Yahoo network, it doesn't feel like an orphan.''
Boeing, the world's largest aerospace company, had been saying for months that the financial crisis in Asia was having only a limited effect on its commercial airplane business.
The jurors did find that Merck had committed consumer fraud against Mr. Cona by not publicizing Vioxx's potential risks.
Infrastructure Forum, consortium of British companies, complains to regulators about Microsoft Corp pricing policy, saying it will cost business additional 880 million pounds, or $1.3 billion; photo (S)
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, responding to sex-bias complaint by Allison K Schieffelin, is probing Morgan Stanley Dean Witter's pay and promotion policies affecting women; move seems likely to make her complaint, over failure to be made managing director, test case of what some women call glass ceiling blocking even most successful women from Wall Street's top executive jobs; EEOC sues to force firm to release data it has been seeking for months; Schieffelin, who also charges firm retaliated against her after learning she weighed suit, remains at firm, where she is senior convertible bond saleswoman (M)
The Food and Drug Administration yesterday permitted a unit of Johnson & Johnson to market an artificial spinal disk in the United States as a new form of treatment for people with severe lower back pain.
While Mr. Welch must pay taxes on that amount, General Electric can write off that money, if it can show that they are ordinary and necessary expenses of doing business.
Retailers and customers could lose patience with the Xbox if the North American introduction falls short of the lofty expectations raised by Microsoft.
Shares of Micron Technology Inc drop 75 cents, to $19, after it says it will record loss for third quarter (S)
The company's Mexico franchise covers not only Mexico City but much of the poor southeast, where its ability to put a Coke in every tiny store is put to the test.
European antitrust regulators plan to block Time Warner's joint venture with the British music conglomerate EMI Group but are much closer to approving Time Warner's $135 billion merger with America Online, people close to the talks said today.
After shares tumbled to a 52-week low of $10.50 on Friday, Motorola responded by strongly denying that any such crisis was in the offing.
Asked to characterize the fallout from today's ruling, he said: ''I would say that a small number of people with large holdings of Microsoft stock suffered a large one-day paper loss because of an overreaction to the end of an unrealistic expectation of an early resolution.
In a closing argument this week, Mr. Alexander declared that I.B.M.
Ohio Atty Gen Marc Dann is making name for himself by fighting corporate fraud; Dunn has sharply criticized UnitedHealth Group over its ousted former chief executive William W McGuire, who is accused of backdating more than $2.3 billion in stock options, and has revived probe of Marsh & McLennan, looking at whether company violated state's antitrust laws; he is also trying to rally other state attorneys general to join him in cases affecting investors before Supreme Court; Dann is seen as successor to New York State Atty Gen Eliot Spitzer in fighting corporate fraud; photo (M)
Still, that forecast had been revised downward by about 20 cents a share after Intel's warning last month.
French authorities lift ban on canned Coca-Cola soft drinks produced at bottling plant in Dunkirk, France, saying they have found no evidence of contamination to explain outbreak of nausea by people who drank them in Belgium early this month; officials at Coca-Cola Enterprises, bottling company that is about 40 percent owned by Coca-Cola Co, says ensuing health scare, and bans on Coke products in France and Belgium, will reduce bottling company's earnings by $60 million in second quarter of this year; bottling company officials attribute problems to unidentified Dutch pallet supplier; they say it supplied them with wooden pallets on which stacks of cans were shipped to Belgium; they contend that between February and April Dutch company treated 800 of pallets with type of disinfectant compound banned in food production that could have rubbed off on some cans and made them smell bad; French officials say they are not impressed with attempts by Coca-Cola to explain what might have gone wrong; photo (M)
October Sales Were Weak At Wal-Mart
But the mystery of what they were up to did not become clear until yesterday: Mr. Hammonds and his colleagues, who returned to work and a series of marathon conference calls only 24 hours after the accident, were scrambling to sell their company, ultimately reaching a deal with Bank of America for $35 billion.
General Services Administration administrative law judge Stephen M Daniels rules Federal Aviation Administration's plan to give huge air traffic control modernization contract to Lockheed Martin Corp without competitive bidding is premature; holds agency has only vague idea how new computer system would work (M)
To impose stringent restrictions on Microsoft that would apply for more than four years is unnecessary and would risk impeding technological advancement in ways that cannot now be anticipated.
Many of the black employees making the charges said that they were given poor assignments, in comparison with their white counterparts, even when those people had less experience or had demonstrated less ability to sell Xerox products.
''It adds to the management depth of Interpublic to address issues going forward'' raised by the uncertain economic outlook, said John J. Dooner Jr., chairman and chief executive at Interpublic, who joined Mr. Bell for the telephone interview.
Other analysts wondered whether Cisco was seeing competitive pressures that it was not completely acknowledging.
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter is becoming the latest credit card issuer to address consumers' fears about sending their account numbers over the Internet.
General Motors Corp submits revised bid for Daewoo Motor; proposal reportedly asks for guarantees in case of discovery of hidden debts accumulated by bankrupt manufacturer overseas (S)
''There's no question they did get there late,'' she said, but she added that they have the advantage of learning from the efforts, and failings, of SAP and Oracle.
But the announcement means that Microsoft is pulling back from a simpler approach to giving consumers more control over their cookies by letting them block all ''third party'' cookies, those originating from sites other than the one that the Web surfer is visiting.
In some cases it was hard to know which of Mr. Holley's assertions came from America Online documents that Microsoft had obtained and which might have been his own suggestions because America Online tried to insist that every document be marked as confidential -- even newspaper clippings and news releases.
"It's not surprising that they pulled out because there was a certain level of confusion in AT&T's approach," Dave Marshak, a senior software analyst at the Patricia Seybold Group in Boston, said.
Mr. Suria based his assessment on the fact that Amazon's working capital -- defined as its near-term assets minus its short-term liabilities -- would turn negative later this year.
Rebelling against their former parent, three of the seven "Baby Bell" telephone companies charged today that A.T.& T.'s proposed alliance with the nation's biggest cellular telephone company would stifle competition.
So in contrast to publicly held competitors like the Interpublic Group of Companies, the Omnicom Group and the WPP Group, Bcom3 has not been required to disclose details about earnings and losses, ownership stakes, sources of revenue by client or other operational information.
Today, the lawyer who is close to the government's case said, ''That Microsoft repeatedly violated the law after the previous proceeding demonstrates why structural relief is necessary now.''
It concluded that substances like hydrogen sulfide were present in Coca-Cola soft drinks that people drank before coming down with symptoms like nausea and headaches, but the amounts were too tiny to have caused illness.
The court rejected rival bids from the Whirlpool Corporation, Candy of Italy, and Arcelik of Turkey, after Elco pledged to maintain seven of eight existing factories and about 80 percent of the work force in France, or 4,195 employees.
Medical Center and Health System, Aetna is hiring a well-known geriatrics specialist who has helped his hospital, a combined unit of the two big urban medical centers, stay afloat in extremely troubled times.
But today, Icann said it had realized that VeriSign's hold on the market had weakened more quickly than expected, making a spinoff to create competition unnecessary.
The continuing tug of war between the commercial divisions of Boeing and EADS, which owns 80 percent of Airbus, is expected to play out as each company announces new plane orders and does battle over the question of government subsidies.
The trading results prompted concern among analysts that Morgan Stanley had suffered proprietary losses during the quarter.
For the quarter ended Jan. 29, Cisco had net income of $1.4 billion, or 21 cents a share, compared with $724 million, or 10 cents, in the period a year earlier, when results were hurt by a charge of $567 million for stock-based compensation expenses.
Boeing says it has no plans to depart.
Broadway producer Jim Jacobs accuses large cruise lines of staging musical Grease and other plays without paying royalties; files copyright infringement suit in Manhattan against Carnival Cruise Lines, Celebrity Cruises and others he says have abused his shows; expects other copyright holders to join him in class-action suit; some cruise lines have claimed that shows performed out at sea are exempt from nation's copyright laws; photo (M)
Impending end of Japanese government's blanket guarantee on bank deposits is causing savers to pull their money out of country's smallest lenders, sinking some and potentially generating wider economic crisis, with larger banks also at risk; Moody's Investors Service lowers deposit ratings for five regional banks and downgrades outlook for Japan's biggest banks to negative from stable; US Treasury Sec Paul H O'Neill urges Finance Min Masajuro Shiokawa to press Japan's banks to write off their most troublesome loans; lawmakers from ruling party have increasingly been calling for government to keep blanket guarantee for at least another year, another test for Prime Min Junichiro Koizumi, who wants to clean up ailing financial system with market-based solutions instead; starting in April, fixed-term deposits at any single bank will be insured only up to 10 million yen ($75,466) for each saver; ordinary savings accounts will be treated same way beginning in April 2003; many savers have been taking their money out of credit unions and cooperatives, which are viewed as weak, and shifting from tiny co-ops to small regional banks, and from small regional banks to big city banks; photo (M)
But in a troubling sign for manufacturers of chip-making equipment, Intel cut its spending budget for 2002 by 25 percent, to $5.5 billion from $7.3 billion, a much sharper decline than the 15 percent cut expected by analysts.
But Mr. Lowery of Campbell contended that Mr. O'Neill had signed an agreement precluding being hired by ''any conflicting organization'' for a period of 18 months after leaving Campbell.
The upshot is that most of eastern Germany's power system is now the target of a nasty struggle, with the Southern Company right in the middle.
It was hard to find out why, because sometimes my other browsers would get access to the Web and sometimes not, a sign that Comcast's servers were having problems.
''What is more difficult to understand why CBS would feel that Couric of all people is the one who is uniquely qualified to do that job.''
The news, however, was not well received by Ford Motor or Chrysler, whose financial positions appear to many analysts to be worse than that of General Motors.
In a report released in March of this year, the Corporate Library labeled Home Depot one of its 11 ''Pay for Failure Companies.''
Time Warner Cable will begin offering video on demand to subscribers; new service is most extensive leap into video on demand, and allows customers access to perhaps hundreds of films through cable connection; subscribers can watch films on their own schedules without having to record them; pricing schedule noted; photo (M)
In addition, sales of Vioxx, Merck's new arthritis drug, fell in the fourth quarter after a study in The Journal of the American Medical Association this summer contended that both it and its competitor, Celebrex, might cause a higher risk of heart attacks.
Tyson Foods and IBP Inc settle their differences and recommit themselves to merger; Tyson will pay about $2.7 billion in cash and stock for IBP (M)
The odds of seeing Wal-Mart's top management on the golf course, however, are not good.
The two companies canceled a previous arrangement, in which Morgan Stanley would trade Lucent's debt for 200 million shares in the public offering.
But it is not clear that Prudential had any formal policy prohibiting market timing, according to a lawyer for five brokers dismissed from the Boston office.
Verizon is offering several kinds of personalized home listings for next year's phone books, as touted in a one-page advertisement in the current white pages.
New York State Public Service Commission votes to require Verizon Communications, state's main local phone carrier, to lower prices it charges to competitors that use its network; decision is expected to bolster efforts to increase competition among local phone companies; competing companies like AT&T Corp, WorldCom and Z-Tel have long complained of losing money on local phone operations in New York because of charges (M)
Executives were also concerned that hostile bids, rare in the pharmaceutical industry, would now become common practice, even though there has already been significant discussion that Pfizer made a few public blunders.
Apple Stock Battered by Forecast of Loss
He repeatedly pressed Mr. Gilmartin to acknowledge that Merck had tried to play down Vioxx's dangers on the drug's F.D.A.-approved label, and that by doing so Merck had essentially withheld its knowledge of Vioxx's risks from the F.D.A.
In March, two Democrats in the House of Representatives, Carolyn McCarthy of New York and Robert Andrews of New Jersey, introduced legislation aimed at preventing companies from forcing older employees into retirement and denying them pensions and other benefits, as the agents assert that Allstate did.
Carnival has sought to delay the vote and give antitrust regulators a chance to rule on both deals.
NIKE'S decision to stop selling its sneakers and clothes at Sears is shining a spotlight on the impact retail environments have on marketers' brands.
Excluding charges related to its debt, stock compensation and other items, Amazon's earnings rose to $97.3 million, or 23 cents a share, from $40 million, or 10 cents a share, in the quarter a year earlier.
In a statement after the vote, Orson Swindle and Thomas B. Leary, the commissioners who are Republicans, called upon the trade commission to keep a close watch on PepsiCo and its competitors to identify practices that ''protect incumbent firms at the expense of newer rivals.''
That left in place a host of allegations that Mr. Cramer exploited his ties at investment banks and in the media for other forms of advance word about news that would affect stock prices, like changes in Wall Street analysts' ratings on stocks or upcoming reports of financial news on CNBC.
vice president, said that because of the shortage I.B.M.
A Federal judge yesterday denied a Maryland soft-drink distributor's request for sanctions against Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc., the Coca-Cola Company's largest bottler, in connection with documents the bottler filed in a lawsuit.
But most analysts said the Microsoft product, which will probably be bundled with the Office 2000 suite, lacks the power and capability demanded by graphics professionals, who are Adobe's core market.
The Government noted yesterday that the company, on a page on its World Wide Web site on Nov. 18, itself said that removing Internet Explorer, or IE, was not a daunting technical challenge that would cripple recent versions of Windows -- as Microsoft told the court earlier this month.
Wal-Mart's problems are not limited to Germany.
Wal-Mart Stores now seems to be coming into its own in Brazil after 10 years of cautious growth and struggle to adapt to local tastes; has shifted to more aggressive growth strategy, recently buying big supermarket chain and opening more stores (M)
The drug company Merck announced yesterday that it would stop selling its arthritis and pain medication Vioxx, currently taken by close to two million people worldwide, because a new study found that it doubled patients' risk of heart attack and strokes.
When Procter & Gamble was trying to get preteenage girls to try its Secret Body Spray fragrances, it teamed up with the clothing retailer Limited Too for a monthlong sweepstakes in April to give away 300 iPod Shuffles.
Microsoft Corp and VeriSign say users of Microsoft's Internet Explorer Web browser can now reach Internet addresses by typing Chinese- or Japanese-language characters; user can use technology from RealNames without need for special software (S)
Mr. Ballmer also said he thought Microsoft could avoid potential privacy problems by using aggregated data of Web search users rather than individual data.
Prudential Financial has been trying for years to figure out what to do with its small, struggling equity research and sales business.
Neither the troubles at Ahold nor Fleming are expected to affect General Mills' previously released financial statements or its 2003 earnings, Mr. Sanger added.
For William Clay Ford Jr., the 44-year-old chairman and Ford family scion who has assumed the role of chief executive, that means scaling back Mr. Nasser's ambitions and marshaling Ford Motor dealers, suppliers, managers and union workers for a difficult road ahead.
Many of those who attended the hearing expressed astonishment at the attention Wal-Mart's bank application had brought to a topic that rarely inspires impassioned public debate.
''I can't help but draw on what I've been trying to do for so long, which is to build a new AT&T,'' C. Michael Armstrong, the company's chairman, said in an interview yesterday.
This is not to say that Windows 98 will be an insignificant product for Microsoft.
Nike may have its problems, but it continues to control 47 percent of American sneaker sales, compared with 15 percent for Reebok and just 6 percent for Adidas.
If not, Nike may still have worried that Sears Holdings, the company that resulted from the Kmart-Sears combination, would undermine Nike's image.
Mr. Stonecipher, who had been Boeing's president, came out of retirement in December to fill in after Mr. Condit resigned.
And Time Warner's top executives were somber about the future.
Amgen's stock, which fell sharply last week on jitters about the case, rose $5.8125, or 10.7 percent today, closing at $60.375, as Judge Young sided with Amgen on the first term in dispute.
Waste Management Inc., the troubled market leader in the garbage business, and USA Waste Services Inc., a rapidly growing rival, announced an unusual merger today that values Waste Management at more than $13 billion and leaves its shareholders owning a majority of the stock but USA Waste's top management in charge.
The main element in the deal, Microsoft said, was settling a long-running patent dispute in which Apple had demanded first $1.2 billion and then ''several hundred million dollars'' at two points in 1997.
Verizon said last week that it had struck a deal with DirecTV, but the company would not disclose details.
Not including one-time charges, Apple lost $178 million in the fiscal second quarter of 1997.
Still, the weakness in I.B.M.
The commission is expected to demand that Microsoft sell two versions of its Windows operating system to personal computer makers, one with the Media Player function embedded as it is now and the other with Media Player stripped out.
In the antitrust suit, the Government asserts that the America Online deal shows how Microsoft used the power of its Windows monopoly to give it an edge in the browser war against Netscape.
In addition to considering Comcast's price inadequate, AT&T's board is concerned that the Roberts family would have too much voting control over a combined Comcast-AT&T cable operation.
Judge Gerard Lynch rules that Morgan Stanley Dean Witter must turn over information regarding complaints of race and sex discrimination to Equal Employment Opportunities Commission (M)
Merger May Produce the Rival Microsoft Has Always Dreaded
He acknowledged the primary complaint of dissident retired Morgan Stanley executives: that the firm is undervalued and has trailed its peers in recent years.
A Dutch toxicologist hired by Coca-Cola reported earlier this week that the offending pallets had been treated with a compound similar in some respects to creosote, a wood preservative that can contain the strong petroleum distillates phenol or cresol and is used to keep fungi and insects from attacking railroad ties or fence posts.
Struggling to reduce a mountain of debt, Invensys, a British manufacturer of factory controls, said it had agreed to sell its sensor business, which is based in Shelby, N.C., to Honeywell International, based in Morristown, N.J., for a net $394 million.
Officials at Coca-Cola Enterprises, the bottling company that is about 40 percent owned by the Coca-Cola Company, said the ensuing health scare, and bans on Coke products in France and Belgium, would reduce the bottling company's earnings by $60 million in the second quarter of this year.
Facing increasing generic competition and concerns about the heart risks of Celebrex, its once-popular painkiller, Pfizer said yesterday that sales in the third quarter fell 5 percent compared with the period in 2004.
Electronic Arts, the largest video game maker, said late yesterday that earnings this fiscal year would come in lower than forecast, in part because of a shortage of the latest game machines from Sony.
In April 2002, at the request of the Food and Drug Administration, Merck added the study's finding about heart attack risk to the drug's label.
Morgan Stanley quietly paid Mr. Luethke $10,000 shortly after the arrest.
''We didn't know about the other opportunities for him, but we didn't care all that much,'' said Deirdre Bigley, vice president for worldwide advertising at the International Business Machines Corporation in Armonk, N.Y. ''He's appearing in very different types of advertising,'' she added, ''and each of us is making very different use of him.''
He does not own Cintas shares, and Barrington has not done investment banking business for Cintas.
Outlook for Boeing Co discussed in light of its plans to scale back output and further cut work force; Airbus Industrie, its sole competitor making large passenger jets, seems to be suffering far less than Boeing from global economic woes; Boeing's current troubles date to ill-fated 1996 decision to win market share at all costs; graph of Boeing's work force (M)
Through most of the day, Mr. Boies worked to tear down Mr. Schmalensee's central argument:  that Microsoft does not hold significant marketing power and in fact faces real competition in the market for personal computer operating systems.
Floyd Norris comment on financial problems at Corning Inc that led to elimination of its dividend, closing of manufacturing plant that opened last year, another that was under construction and layoffs of people hired last year; says Corning will survive; holds even as it was making ill-considered bets on fiber optics industry, it was protecting itself financially; says rather than repurchase its own stock with borrowed money it issued stock to finance its acquisitions; says Corning has $1 billion in cash and ample bank lines; graph (M)
The events surrounding the failure of Go have often been cited as a reason for the animosity between Silicon Valley executives and Microsoft.
That is intriguing, perhaps, because Dr. Wampler's former business partner, Dick Brass, is now a high-ranking Microsoft executive.
The report issued yesterday asserted that Wal-Mart took advantage of those weak laws to push its workers into opposing unions, by, for example, ordering them to attend meetings with anti-union speakers and videos.
Union organizers fear that if the 16 temps petition for a unionization election, there will be years of litigation to determine who is the employer and whether the appropriate bargaining unit is their 18-worker software group, the 6,000 temps at Microsoft or a 3,000-worker employment agency.
Among its points, the suit would challenge what it calls ''tying,'' a practice that in recent years allowed Microsoft to dominate the markets for word processing, spreadsheet and other programs by bundling them in software ''suites.''
At Microsoft, the company's executive team has identified two principal competitive threats: I.B.M.
His firm represents Microsoft's adversary on both sides of the Atlantic, the Computer and Communications Industry Association.
In the message to employees, Dr. Rowe and Mr. Donaldson noted that two federal courts had rejected ''essentially the same claims'' against Aetna as those made in the Miami cases.
Time Warner's leadership has been under pressure from the financier Carl C. Icahn, who asserts that the company is mismanaged and undervalued and has hired Lazard to explore options for splitting it up.
The lawsuit also said that the terms of a separation agreement negotiated with Mr. Burns called for him ''not to solicit, directly or indirectly,'' any General Mills assignments for a year, and for him to be paid ''at least $500,000 in separation pay, plus $1 million in deferred compensation,'' with $500,000 to be wired to him before Feb. 14.
Priceline.com says losses widened and sales plunged in fourth-quarter, throwing company's viability further in doubt; company had $228 million in revenue, down from $341 million in third quarter; loss was $105 million, compared with loss of $199 million in third quarter; chairman Richard S Braddock comments (M)
The worst-case scenario is that one day we no longer sell on Amazon.
Bank of America's stock ended down 90 cents, or 1.41 percent, at $45.08, partly affected by Citigroup's.
Microsoft Corp invites about a dozen independent computer security specialists to its headquarters to share detailed research on vulnerabilities in Windows software with its programmers; presentations suggest that while Microsoft still has work to do to secure its programs, it has made progress in slowing deluge of viruses, worms, spam and spyware that plague Windows; David Maynor, Microsoft critic, says company has done good job of addressing conventional computer threats, but warns that mobile devices make today's defense concepts obsolete; photos (M)
Since the Depression, General Motors has reigned as the world's largest automaker and a pillar of American economic might.
If they do sue, it will not be the first complaint filed in connection with Halliburton's acquisition of Dresser-Rand and Dresser Industries, once called the high point of Mr. Cheney's career at Halliburton.
But several Wall Street analysts said yesterday that Johnson & Johnson executives might be gambling that Guidant will accept a lower price rather than risk a sharp drop in its stock price if Johnson & Johnson walks away.
In some cases managers can view these systems ''as a tool to be used to weed out the ones you don't want,''  said Thomas S. McLeod, a lawyer in Canton, Mich., who represents employees suing Ford in another case.
Intel's report also came only days after Advanced Micro Devices, Intel's leading competitor, posted a loss for the first quarter from poor sales in its flash memory chip business.
In the last year, Electronic Arts' long-dominant position selling sports games has come under assault amid heavy price competition.
The announcement ends months of speculation over whether Nvidia, the leading maker of graphics processors for PC's, would renew its troubled partnership with Microsoft on the Xbox.
But Oracle would have paid the fees and expenses -- more than $22 million -- of the lawyers who brought the case, known as a derivative lawsuit.
In addition to obtaining the colon cancer drug, Amgen will be relieved of having to pay Abgenix future royalties on sales of another drug, denosumab, a treatment for osteoporosis that is now in clinical trials.
Lockheed Martin Corp agrees to pay $13 million fine, largest civil penalty ever under Arms Export Control Act, to settle case involving 1994 sale of satellite technology to China; accord does not call for suspension of company's right to export satellite technology; settlement may put pressure on Loral Space & Communications Corp to settle separate case (M)
Reputation of John F Welch Jr, former chief executive of General Electric whose management style, swagger and acumen were once analyzed and idolized in business schools, has lost a good deal of luster as result of questions about company's accounting, eerie consistency with which profits rose during his tenure, company's weak stock performance since his departure and disclosure of details of his retirement package; business press will even include Welch's name in same paragraph with such dubious figures as Kenneth L Lay of Enron, Bernard J Ebbers of WorldCom and Dennis Kozlowski of Tyco International; Welch goes on Wall Street Week to defend retirement package and deplore its release; photos (M)
Microsoft tries to cast doubt on the candor of two Government witnesses -- a Netscape executive, and one from America Online -- by noting that depositions and documents show that the America Online-Netscape talks were under way before the trial began.
Bristol-Myers Squibb, the world's largest maker of cancer drugs, posted a 14 percent gain in third-quarter earnings, to $1.09 billion.
Simon Property Group increases its hostile offer for A Alfred Taubman's shopping mall empire and enlists new partner Westfield America in takeover battle; Simon Property and Westfield, which is controlled by Australian mall developer Westfield Holdings, offers $20 per share in cash, or about $1.7 billion, for Taubman Centers and its upscale malls; offer is 11 percent increase from previous bid; chart; photos (Market Place column) (M)
But industry executives said today that much of her effort had been undermined by the turmoil that persisted at Apple throughout last year -- a situation that led the company to acquire Next in an acknowledgment that the Apple software strategy had reached a dead end.
The danger, he warned, was that Airbus could respond by lowering prices on future versions of the A330, putting even more pressure on Boeing to hit the mark with the 7E7.
These new portables will round out Apple's revamped product line, especially at the lower range of the price scale.
The subcommittee's ranking Republican, Susan M. Collins of Maine, said the investigation had found that Citigroup was willing to risk its reputation ''to keep Enron, an important client, happy.''
The Ford Motor Company has reached a preliminary agreement to settle lawsuits in five states by paying to replace defective ignition systems in millions of cars that, many owners said, could stall, often on highways, across railroad tracks and in other dangerous situations.
For more than a year, executives at the Boeing Company and leaders of the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers, the union representing the largest number of Boeing employees, have been meeting regularly to trade ideas and work out disputes.
Neither decline was as precipitous as that suffered by Interpublic, though, said Mr. Russell, the analyst.
But in June, as part of a broader decision, a seven-judge panel from the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit held that Microsoft had repeatedly violated antitrust laws and illegally ''commingled'' browsing code with Windows in at least one instance.
Jill E. Barad, chairwoman and chief executive of Mattel Inc. for three years, announced her immediate resignation after an unscheduled meeting in New York of Mattel's directors.
Exxon Mobil and Lucent Technologies provided catalysts for the market's decline, as their results proved disappointing even for a quarter that investors knew would be bad.
Mr. Elmasry of Morgan Stanley said the two classes of ownership fostered ''a lack of accountability to all of the company's shareholders,'' and he questioned the salaries of top management when the stock was performing poorly.
Analysis; talks aimed at settling securities lawsuits against Arthur Andersen by Enron Corp shareholders came down to decision by Wall Street to try to limit its own liability for Enron's collapse; several big banks are in curious position of being both defendants and potential plaintiffs in Andersen litigation, which is seeking billions of dollars for losses of Enron investors, lenders and retirees; banks, including J P Morgan Chase and Citigroup, are defendants because shareholders' lawyers say they contributed to Enron's downfall; they are potential plaintiffs because they lent money to company (M)
General Motors Corp is broadly struggling and facing humbling possibility that it will be displaced by Toyota at top of auto industry within few years; GM, which controlled nearly half American market as recently as late 1970's, held about one-quarter in February; company said last week it will produce 300,000 fewer cars and trucks in North America in first half of year, 10 percent drop from year ago; chief executive Rick Wagoner saye he believes company can weather the strom; graph; photo (M)
Reflecting the continued weakness in technology spending and shifts in its mix of businesses, I.B.M.
Microsoft says there are no damages to prove.
Since Apple opened its iTunes store at the end of 2003, I've purchased 504 songs -- that's 21 albums and 224 loose tracks.
To assuage concerns that Comcast's bid was prompted by its worries that the cable industry was vulnerable to rival technologies, Mr. Roberts said the company, which has already bought back $50 million of its stock this year, would restart a $1 billion buyback program that was suspended after the Disney bid.
Along the way, Marriott has come under fire on several occasions from its financial partners for moves that investors, and some analysts, have viewed as abusive.
The new service was announced yesterday along with a bundle of price cuts and service enhancements for Verizon Online -- the company's D.S.L., or digital subscriber line, service -- which provides fast Internet access.
Aetna said it had stopped doing business in the market.
John A. Thain's impending departure to run the New York Stock Exchange will leave the Goldman Sachs Group coping with the most sweeping change in its management ranks since it became a public company in 1999.
''Merck will contest this lawsuit vigorously,'' Mr. Loder said, ''and believes the pricing of its products is in full compliance with federal and state laws and regulations.''
As competition has risen in cardiac devices and sales growth has slowed, Medtronic has acquired devices used in spinal and ear, nose and throat surgery and has developed neural stimulators to address brain and nervous system problems.
While $7 million may not seem like much to a major corporation, ChevronTexaco's decision comes at a time when the company has suffered financial problems.
Slate is somewhat protected from being driven out of business because of the deep pockets of its owner, Microsoft, but in 1999 it abandoned trying to charge for subscriptions and returned to relying mostly on revenue from advertising.
Last week, Pfizer, which makes the antidepressant Zoloft, introduced a Web site featuring Ms. Bracco, who has also discussed her illness in a series of media interviews with People magazine and the Associated Press, among others.
The Kellogg Company said unexpectedly yesterday that it would begin a review that might result in adding an agency to the roster of shops handling its troubled American ready-to-eat cereal account.
''Once Microsoft stock went bad, a lot of other companies seemed to go down too,'' Mr. Grant said.
Citigroup still lags behind Bank of America in this area, and would rank behind the combined J.P. Morgan and Bank One, in banking deposits, according to SNL Financial, a research firm.
Although Microsoft has said these three other suits are without merit, it has so far been notably unsuccessful in its efforts to have them dismissed or delayed -- or to have a change of venue to the presumably less burdensome and friendlier environs of Redmond.
asked Alex Edelstein, the managing director of the Angel Investment Fund in San Francisco, who left Microsoft to work for Netscape while those two companies were battling for dominance in the market for Internet browsers.
Technology Briefing
But few, if any, doubt his ability to grasp details, pitch in and prevent another product disaster from almost scuttling Corning.
ruled that Time Warner had indeed violated the law by blocking ABC from its systems during a sweeps month.
Shares of US Airways fall, as Southwest Airlines, says it will serve six cities from Philadelphia, one of US Airways' hubs; Southwest's announcement comes one day after Standard & Poor's puts US Airways' debt on its CreditWatch list, meaning debt is at risk of downgrading; map (M)
Some Shifts At Apple, But No Layoffs or Unit Sales Yet
A $300 million settlement, announced Monday, of a patent lawsuit brought by Intergraph weighed on Intel's results.
The protesters' request to see Mr. Levin was turned down, though Time Warner officials offered to arrange a meeting with Warner Brothers executives.
The Federal Trade Commission voted yesterday to drop its investigation into PepsiCo's proposed acquisition of Quaker Oats, clearing the way for the $13.4 billion deal to go forward despite recommendations by the agency's staff to oppose it.
AFL-CIO president John J Sweeney will lead labor rally on Wall Streetto announce drive to reform stock options, severance pay and pensions; will back recording of stock options as expenses and ban on top corporate officers selling company stock while in office; wants unions to use over $5 trillion in their pension funds to pressure corporate managers to be more responsive and responsible; wants corporate pension funds to be more independent from company executives; wants workers to choose representatives on 401(k) plan boards; wants to revise bankruptcy laws to protect severance pay of workers who lose jobs because of corporate scandals; joins demonstration at Stanley Works, New Britain, Conn, to oppose company's plan to reincorporate in Bermuda; photo (M)
Yet that same considerable Windows advantage led many observers to predict that Microsoft would cause more trouble than it actually did for AOL and Yahoo.
The other campaign, a series of quirky spots with no theme, was introduced in February by Wieden & Kennedy in Portland, Ore., which works for Coca-Cola on sports marketing and Barq's root beer in addition to Diet Coke.
After a month of testimony, the fourth Vioxx-related personal injury trial ended Monday with well-worn closing arguments from lawyers for Merck and for two men who say the company's drug Vioxx caused their heart attacks.
After suggesting the use of the Windows add-remove feature, the Justice Department said: ''Microsoft argues that this threatens an unwarranted intrusion into software design, but that is plainly incorrect.
But analysts said the cuts, the first that Intel has made in the final month of a quarter, more likely reflected an attempt to revive a sluggish market.
Intel Corp's announcement that earnings will not meet Wall Street expectations results in investors fleeing technology stocks; Dow Jones industrial average falls 94.91 pooints, or 1.11 percent, to 8,444.33; Standard & Poor's 500-stock index loses 12.28 points, or 1.17 percent, to 1,035.05; Nasdaq composite index falls 47.78 points, or 2.7 percent, to 1,711.92; charts; graph (L)
In his antitrust ruling against Microsoft, federal Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson argued that a crucial barrier confronting the company's potential competitors are the 70,000 programs written to run solely on the Windows operating system.
Correction:  February 9, 2006, Thursday  A front-page article yesterday about a decision by General Motors to cut its dividend and the pay of some executives misstated the makeup of compensation for directors.
Merck's Earnings Disappoint, and Drug Stocks Tumble
Nearly all of that loss, I.B.M.
American Society of Magazine Editors criticizes New Yorker magazine for not adhering to its guidelines for recent issue in which Target bought all advertising pages (S)
The management overhaul took place on Feb. 27, 2003, as the Interpublic board responded to months of operational and financial turmoil.
Motorola also cut its revenue projections for the quarter yesterday by $500 million, to $10 billion.
It was the second time in six days that a rating service had taken action regarding Interpublic, the agency company that is facing operational and financial problems.
In the conference call Mr. Stonecipher said he expected that Boeing's recent problems with the tanker would be no more than a ''hiccup,'' that the Future Combat Systems program would go as planned and that the company's suspension from certain missile-defense programs would soon be lifted.
Instead of providing hope at this critical juncture, though, Apple's opening-day presentation -- usually a bellwether for the company's direction -- was a disjointed disappointment, indicating that Apple remained a company in chaos.
If Federal District Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson finds Microsoft guilty of antitrust violations -- as his exhaustive findings of fact published nine days ago indicate he will -- a new proceeding will determine what should be done to be sure Microsoft can no longer illegally wield monopoly power.
FAA warns that some Boeing 747's have fuel-pump part that can wear out after a few flights and possibly lead to fuel-tank explosion; issues emergency order to reduce risk of potentially explosive sparks from pumps in move that will cut range of newest plants by 400 miles (M)
American International Group reports nearly 27 percent increase in net income for third quarter; net income rose to $2.34 billion from $1.84 billion yer earlier; cash flow was record $3.58 billion from $2.5 billion year ago; chief executive Maurice R Greenberg says company has struck deal with People's Insurance Co of China to sell AIG's accident and health insurance throughout country; says he doubts legislation to establish fund intended to end most litigation over health damages caused by asbestos will be adopted this year, partly because of union demands that insurers increase their proposed contribution; notes rating agency A M Best raised ranking of AIG's American units to its highest level and says that can only help sales; photo (M)
Vornado is apparently not liable for any damages that might arise if Mr. Trump is able to prove any improprieties against his partners, ''other than claims relating to the sale price,'' according to a document filed on March 15 with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
But she acknowledged that Wal-Mart had to do something to reverse its disappointing sales numbers for November -- and the corresponding bad publicity, which she called an ''overreaction.''
Mr. Sharer, Dr. Perlmutter and other Amgen executives argue that it is flat wrong to say the company is not innovative or scientifically oriented.
The Campbell Soup Company announced yesterday that it had hired a new chief executive, fueling speculation that the largely family-owned company intended to overcome its troubles by rebuilding instead of seeking a sale.
Americans just are not sneaker mad like they used to be, and no amount of priming and pumping the advertising spigot by Nike can make it otherwise.
Trying yet again to find a leader for its troubled consumer-services operation, AT&T announced yesterday that Betsy J. Bernard, most recently a top executive at Qwest Communications International Inc., would become the unit's chief executive next month.
Hewlett-Packard Co's bid for Compaq Computer Corp erases many doubts about skills of Hewlett-Packard chief executive, Carleton S Fiorina; merger would make her leader of company that would rival IBM in size and reach; analysts say Fiorina, her leadership skills and her blueprint for new Hewlett-Packard will be tested in coming days and months as she sells merger to Wall Street, antitrust authorities, customers and employees; photo of Fiorina with Michael D Cappellas, Compaq chief execuitve, who will become president of combined company (M)
Even though the Citigroup stock price has fallen 19 percent over the last year, shareholders would probably not be bothered if Mr. Weill announced a bank deal.
So the next time I shopped at Amazon.com, I decided to slip on a disguise.
The government would file a response on Dec. 8, and Microsoft would be allowed to reply no later than Dec. 22.
Yahoo announced the resignation yesterday at 5 p.m., after an unusual halt in the trading of its stock by the Nasdaq that began seven minutes after trading began at 9:30 a.m. Yahoo had been planning to announce Mr. Koogle's resignation today.
Then, like a thief in the night, ''Smith'' suddenly disappeared, pulled from the schedule by CBS after just three weeks -- despite the fact that the producers had already shot or were well on their way to completing four more episodes.
Ade O Ogunjobi, college dropout who describes himself as entrepreneur, says his Los Angeles-based Toks Inc plans to make tender offers for General Electric Co, AOL Time Warner, General Motors Co, Hughes Electronics unit of GM, AT&T, AT&T Wireless and Marriott International; General Motors spokeswoman says offers were declared hoax by most companies; Ogunjobi insists his offers are legitimate (M)
Boeing has been struggling to right itself since last fall, when a surge in commercial airplane orders overwhelmed its assembly lines.
Now, with AT&T Comcast's new clout in the marketplace, programmers may be even more discouraged, said one media executive who requested anonymity.
The suit contends that Microsoft injured Bristol and the rest of the software industry through ''predatory'' control of the Windows application programming interfaces -- the bits of codes that outside programmers use to assure that their products will work properly with the Windows operating system.
B K Miller, Maryland soft-drink distributor that sued Coca-Cola Enterprises, accusing bottler of fraud, wiretapping and other tactics to drive distributor out of business, agrees to drop charges and settle its case; settlement terms undisclosed (M)
Last June, Durk I. Jager quit as Procter & Gamble's chief executive, after a failed attempt to create a new budgeting process and reorganize the company in order to bring products to market faster lead to over spending.
Mr. Reed resigned from Citigroup in February 2000.
Despite its primacy to Lower Manhattan's communications network, the central office at 140 West Street accounted for less than 1 percent of the traffic on Verizon's nationwide network.
The trial opened in October 1998, and from the opening moments, the government presented a case that embarrassed and damaged Microsoft.
Jury in San Bernardino County, Calif, Superior Court awards $116 million in punitive damages to David Goodrich's widow, Teresa, who contends her husband died after subsidiary of Aetna Inc, nation's largest health insurer, delayed approving treatment for stomach cancer that its own doctors had recommended; lawyers on both sides call it largest such verdict against health maintenance organization; Aetna says it is confident that damages will be overturned on appeal, as will finding by jury, which awarded $4.5 million in actual damages in 1995 death (M)
Comcast's stock has been a strong performer, particularly during the recent chaos on the Nasdaq.
Given that these companies have long asked for precisely the kind of data that Homescan and Yahoo now provide, what could derail that momentum?
And the government maintained that the additional evidence presented after the complaint was filed was part of the ''pattern'' of anticompetitive practices Microsoft used to stifle competition.
PepsiCo Loses To Coca-Cola In Court Fight
He resigned from Progressive in late January after the board decided it wanted only one chief executive, and he was not the one.
The same discretion is used in complaints about Yahoo auctions.
Intel cut the price of its 400-megahertz Pentium II processor from $824 to $722, or about 12 percent; the 350-megahertz from $621 to $519, or 16 percent; the 333-megahertz from $492 to $412, or 16 percent; the 300-megahertz from $375 to $305, or 19 percent; the 266-megahertz from $246 to $198, or 20 percent, and the 233-megahertz from $198 to $161, or 19 percent.
The proposed law is being debated after Wal-Mart Stores, the world's biggest retailer, was forced to accept unions in its Chinese outlets.
Kohl's stock has fallen more than 15 percent in the last month but rallied yesterday, closing at $46.96, up $1.67.
The two companies, Monsanto and Scotts, have developed a strain of creeping bentgrass for use on golf courses that is resistant to the widely used herbicide Roundup.
In a conference call with investors on Wednesday, Mr. Murdoch ruled out entering the bidding for Disney but predicted a three-way battle for the commanding heights of the media business among his company, Time Warner and Comcast.
The two men struck up a rapport, and Mr. Jackson visited Boeing factories in St. Louis and Wichita, Kan. Boeing helped sponsor a conference in New York earlier this month organized by Mr. Jackson, designed to push minority-owned businesses more into the mainstream.
The turmoil at Interpublic, which has forced the agency company to take draconian measures like restating its earnings, eliminating its dividend and putting NFO up for sale, has already affected the handling of the account.
Just this week, Mr. Morgenthau's office announced the indictment of five people accused of using inside information from Morgan Stanley -- and before that, Smith Barney -- that Ms. Baridis was said to have passed along.
Gary Reback, a Silicon Valley lawyer who has argued cases against Microsoft, said that the position taken by the Europeans means that regulators there have a chance to preserve competition, while American regulators have reacted too slowly.
This has hurt A.T.& T.'s unions.
''It was a rebound from the depths of despair of last spring,'' said Timothy M. Ghriskey, a senior portfolio manager for the Dreyfus Corporation, which has several funds with stakes in Procter & Gamble.
To soothe worries of potential customers, however, Apple will form an alliance with Motorola to release processors with higher megahertz levels, he said.
With SBC's core local phone business in decline and the triple threat increasingly becoming a real threat, Mr. Whitacre has good reason to consider making a bid to take over the DirecTV satellite television operation of General Motors.
Chips are a much more expensive component of personal computers than the operating system software and Internet browsers at the center of the Microsoft dispute.
While Vioxx has repeatedly been linked to heart attacks, lawyers for Merck say that Vioxx has never been shown to cause arrhythmias.
Wall Street, after months of punishing Interpublic's shares for a series of financial and operational problems, had a generally positive view of the changes, though many analysts and investors did not get the outsider they wanted to clean up the mess at Interpublic.
The qualifier about AT&T referred to the woes the brand suffered in its final years as an independent company, tarnished by problems like customer losses and a plunging stock price.
Several Microsoft witnesses, including the company's chairman, Bill Gates, have argued that Windows cannot be separated into its component parts without significant damage to what remains.
''If Qwest doesn't come back by a week before the Verizon vote, Deephaven is going to lose spectacularly,'' Mr. Halbower said, adding that his fund holds about 16 million MCI shares.
In the meantime, don't expect Yahoo to turn away advertising dollars from other travel search engines, or to undermine their businesses in other ways.
Indeed, last week Waste Management released third-quarter earnings of just $172 million, well below the $240 million in the quarter a year earlier.
Like many other large insurance companies, Cigna declines to estimate its liabilities for claims arising from environmental clean-ups, saying that legal battles over those cases are so inconclusive that estimates are impossible.
After 11 years of teasing parched New Yorkers, the animated Coca-Cola sign in Times Square is dark.
Boeing Co announces that weakening demand in Asia will force it to cut production of its wide-body jets even deeper than company had previously indicated, resulting in further job cuts; Boeing says it will cut production of 747 jumbo jet by 30 percent early next year rather than 20 percent reduction it had hinted at two weeks ago; it will also cut production of newer 777 to five a month from seven a month (M)
The consequences of being given a poor territory were stark, according to Frank Warren, who joined Xerox in 1995.
Yet this cosmopolitan creature has become a symbol of the challenge facing Boeing, Airbus's lone remaining rival.
Air Force is caught in growing scandal involving billions of dollars in weapon systems that Pentagon officials had once tried to dismiss as wayward actions of single disgraced employee; scandal has tarnished Air Force and led to shake-up in its top ranks; Air Force Sec James G Roche has resigned; Sen John W Warner, chairman of Senate Armed Services committee, says it is in 'best interest' of Air Force that Roche and his top aide, Marvin R Sambur, leave their jobs; Sen John McCain has written scathing letter to Defense Sec Donald H Rumsfeld calling Air Force leadership 'woefully inadequate' and predicting 'disastrous effects' if its lack of oversight in awarding billions of dollars in weapons systems is not corrected; at center of scandal is relationship between Air Force and main supplier, Boeing Co, that had grown cozy; extent of that coziness came clear when Air Force's former number 2 weapons buyer, Darleen A Druyun, admitted in federal court she unfairly steered billions of dollars to Boeing as she sought jobs at Boeing for herself, her daughter and son-in-law; Druyun faces nine months in prison; lawsuits are casting clouds over some Boeing executives, including Harry C Stonecipher; photos (M)
This would prevent Microsoft from using Windows pricing to punish manufacturers who do not favor Microsoft products, a strategy that Microsoft also denies practicing.
As Gap struggles to find the right mix of fashion and basics, it has abandoned its signature TV spots for the holidays -- a dancing Sarah Jessica Parker, for example -- favoring instead a catalog inserted in magazines and distributed in stores.
Internet service and would pay Microsoft a portion of the revenue.
''It was after Microsoft declined to do this major business transaction with your company,'' Mr. Webb said, ''that you decided to support the conduct remedy in this case, which is even more harsh than the breakup, correct?''
Yahoo's Chief Resigns, and a Founder Takes Over
In January, Mr. Maloney, a self-taught engineer and rising star at the Intel Corporation, was tapped to run the company's struggling communications division, which is responsible for making chips that operate in laptops, hand-held computers and cellphones.
''The fundamental problem with spam is there is not enough friction in sending e-mail,'' said Brad Garlinghouse, Yahoo's manager for communications products.
A TROUBLED online agency, Organic in San Francisco, is talking with BBDO Worldwide in New York, part of the Omnicom Group, about an alliance that could lead to a merger of Organic with @tmosphere, the digital marketing division of BBDO.
Indeed, while Toys ''R'' Us is still the biggest toy retailer in the country, Wal-Mart Stores has emerged as an unwanted bully in its sandbox, threatening to wrest away some of its business.
Moody's Investors Service said that it was considering a downgrade of Dynegy's credit rating because of potential liabilities from litigation with Enron.
In many ways, they say, that chaos may make the current merger with United Technologies more workable.
The Merck-Medco relationship was ''a lightning rod for criticism, whether merited or not,'' the chairman and chief executive of Medco, David Snow, said.
Coke might have missed its goals altogether, analysts argued, without the unexpectedly high income it earned off investments or the lower taxes it expects to pay on its global operations.
Morgan Stanley said yesterday that it would pay John J. Mack $11.5 million in stock for his five months as chief executive.
Nike's problems with shoe stores have been real.
Mr. Winer now argues that Microsoft is intent on locking programmers into its own software development system so that they create programs that are compatible only with the Microsoft version of the Internet.
To some analysts, Comcast erred by failing to make compelling financial arguments on how it would improve Disney.
HAL Computer Systems has shut down its Web site and has laid off or relocated its staff, citing falling demand for large mainframe technology, stifling competition from I.B.M.
After Enron collapsed, Citigroup realized far earlier than J. P. Morgan that what it had done looked bad.
Moody's Investors Service lowers Sony Corp's long-term credit rating by one notch, citing weakened outlook for electronics division (M)
In some ways, Mr. Condit's resignation is another step in the process of integrating McDonnell Douglas and Boeing and represents the culmination of a power struggle between the McDonnell and Boeing sides of the business.
Lower revenue despite higher unit sales and profit margins are the result of lower average selling prices industrywide and the seasonal slowdown Apple typically sees in the March quarter, Mr. Jobs said in a telephone interview today.
One of the most determined suitors is the Southern Company, the Atlanta-based electricity conglomerate, which is already locked in a bitter legal battle for control of Berlin's electric utility.
At the core of the Government's charges is the assertion that Intel's pattern of withholding technical data as a weapon in patent disputes stifles innovation in the microprocessor industry, thereby enhancing Intel's dominant position.
And unless the company can raise money from investors or get a loan from a bank, Mr. Suria stated that Amazon's working capital would turn negative in the third quarter -- just as it gears up for the Christmas selling season.
Merck & Company is close behind, though it is first concentrating on osteoarthritis and pain.
Government lawyer David Boies, using internal company documents and sworn depositions at Microsoft Corp antitrust trial, depicts Compaq Computer Corp as so fearful of Microsoft that it repeatedly abandoned software products it preferred in favor of Microsoft's offerings and even passed on information about competing operating system in violation of nondisclosure agreement; testimony of Compaq Computer senior vice president John T Rose contradicts that of numerous other Compaq employees and he seems generally out of touch; says he never saw or heard of most of contracts, discussions and product proposals that were presented to him; photo (M)
Mr. Katzenberg wrote: ''If Microsoft were broken up -- as the government proposes -- Microsoft's operating systems, applications and other products over time would become less and less compatible, both with each other and with the various hardware products used by DreamWorks.''
Try this on an abacus: a new calculator from Texas Instruments may not only help students in math class, it may also remind them to show up in the first place.
Some Bell Atlantic executives said they wanted to avoid exposing themselves to further dependence on AT&T for its multimedia networks.
But the announcement is not likely to be the last word on Apple's options problems, analysts said.
Time Warner-Disney dispute prompts analysis of whether pending America Online merger with Time Warner will give merged company and a few other giants control over ever-expanding array of media; such gatekeepers will have to fight for control with content providers and power of open Internet; table (M)
The second-quarter restructuring steps were the initial moves in previously announced plans to revamp Interpublic by cutting expenses faster and deeper than under previous management.
Dissatisfied with Vornado's contract offer, the board decided last Wednesday to begin negotiations with the second bidder.
Judge Jackson's findings concluded that Microsoft was a rapacious monopoly whose actions harmed the industry and consumers.
The revenue shortfall in the quarter, said Fred Anderson, Apple's chief financial officer, was attributable to weak sales of the company's iMac consumer desktop line.
Such an arrangement would lighten the financial burden on the News Corporation and could also allow it to avoid including Telepiu's losses in its core financial statements.
Microsoft has about two months to reply in writing to the latest statement of objections, but it issued a statement denying any wrongdoing.
In his ruling earlier this month, Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson found that Microsoft was a predatory monopolist whose illegal conduct stifled competition.
''We are not asking for special treatment,'' a Wal-Mart spokesman said.
In this case, as in the earlier suits, lawyers for Merck insisted that the company fully disclosed Vioxx's potential dangers to regulators and the public.
The Carnival Corporation is preparing to raise its hostile bid for P&O Princess Cruises, people close to the companies said yesterday.
He also accused the commission of saying one thing to Microsoft and another to the court in Luxembourg that is hearing the company's appeal of last year's decision.
When it comes to image polishing, the Ford Explorer sport utility vehicle would seem to need some real elbow grease, given all the negative publicity about Firestone tire problems and rollover deaths involving the Explorer.
French court rules that Yahoo must prevent World Wide Web users in France from visiting its auction sites that sell Nazi memorabilia, or face heavy fines for each day it does not comply; court-appointed panel of experts disputes Yahoo's contention that such steps are technically not feasible; decision of court is major victory for Jewish groups in France and for international organization battling racism (M)
Since the delay's announcement, and the news last week of an imminent antitrust suit by the Federal Trade Commission against Intel, the company's shares have fallen more than seven points, from 73 1/2.
Bonnie Zakotnik, the lawyer for Ellis Maximo Diaz, said there was no way she could go through all of the available documents from Merck, the maker of Vioxx, by June 12, when the trial was to start.
The deal, reports of which first surfaced on Thursday, has been criticized by some analysts and Amgen shareholders who said that Amgen might be paying too much and would hurt its earnings.
Market Place column on bidding war for MCI; Verizon must now decide how to respond to Qwest's sweetened bid, which topped its bid by 30 percent and forced even MCI board to recognize it as superior; has right to let MCI's shareholders vote on its proposed merger and is entitled to penalty if MCI terminates deal (M)
When the Airbus A380 superjumbo jet took to the skies at the Paris Air Show, executives from Boeing crowded an observation deck here to gawk at the plane, the new flagship of a European company that is embroiled in a trade battle with Boeing.
But Mr. Murdoch is clearly not taking any chances that he might lose control of the News Corporation, which he plans to turn over to his sons: Lachlan, now deputy chief operating officer, and James, chief executive of British Sky Broadcasting, Mr. Murdoch's satellite TV company in Britain.
ElcomSoft said the program, which was sold for $99, lets legitimate consumers of e-books stretch the limits imposed by Adobe's software, which often prohibits them from making a copy of a book to read on an additional computer or to use as a backup in case it is erased.
Target is taking more than 23,000 square feet of ad space on nine signs on the exterior of the lower floors of the skyscraper at 7 Times Square, also known as Times Square Tower, which opened in April.
Morgan Stanley paid Mr. Luethke $10,000 late last August, a few days after Mr. Curry's arrest, apparently intending it as a gratuity for the information he provided, these people said.
Kent Kresa, the Northrop Grumman chief executive, expressed disappointment at the General Motors Corporation's rejection of his company's bid for Hughes, but said that no one at company headquarters in Los Angeles was ready to hang black crepe.
The Xerox Corporation, trying to rebuild its ailing businesses in the face of a slowing economy, said yesterday that its second-quarter revenue was down 13 percent from last year, and that it had lost money for the fourth quarter in a row.
The commission is expected to rule that Microsoft abused the monopoly position of its Windows operating system in two ways.
General Motors said on Sunday that it would pay Fiat $2 billion so that it would not be forced to take over Fiat's ailing auto business, resolving a dispute between the two that had threatened to become a court battle.
''I thought Microsoft would pay just about anything to get this,'' said David B. Yoffie, a professor at Harvard Business School.
Primestar Inc., the satellite television service owned by a group of cable operators, has abandoned a $1.1 billion plan to buy the direct-broadcast satellite venture of the News Corporation and MCI Worldcom Inc.
The company said Verizon had not provided customer records to the National Security Agency ''from the time of the 9/11 attacks until just four months ago.''
His father needed a haircut -- Dick Farmer has been known to tell Cintas employees to get a haircut, too.
As Yale Moves Away From Apple Computer, Cries (Nay, Shouts) of Conflict of Interest
The bigger picture is that PC gaming is surging these days even without Microsoft's help.
There, in November 1993, the chairman of Intel cut a fateful deal with his counterpart at a small but leading  maker of highly specialized computer work stations, the Intergraph Corporation.
The record in this case simply does not support the government's efforts to dismember Microsoft and reshape the software industry in a speculative effort to weaken Microsoft's market position.
Reps Henry A Waxman and John D Dingell, in letter sent to White House Office of Management and Budget, question whether Halliburton is overcharging US government in procurement of gasoline and other fuel for Iraq, which is importing oil products to stave off shortages; contend Halliburton has charged government $1.62 to $1.70 per gallon for gasoline that could be bought in Persian Gulf region for about 71 cents and transported to Iraq for no more than 25 cents; fuel is sold in Iraq for 4 cents to 15 cents per gallon; Halliburton spokeswoman Wendy Hall decline to address specific calculations that Dingell and Waxman use in letter, saying that company's KBR unit, which is working in Iraq, 'continues to negotiate fair and competitive prices to provide fuel to the Iraqi people'; chart; photos (M)
Amgen in Deal for Potential Nerve Disorder Treatments
Dan Rather and CBS News announce agreement to end Rather's career at network 44 years after he first worked there as bureau chief in Dallas and five months before his contract as correspondent on 60 Minutes is scheduled to expire; Rather, 74, issues separate statement indicating smoldering anger with CBS over his contention that he had been given far too little to do as reporter on 60 Minutes since stepping down as anchor and managing editor of CBS Evening News last year in aftermath of reporting scandal; photo (M)
Analysts said that was likely to result in a loss for the quarter when Boeing reports its financial results next week.
The company has lowered its price twice and now charges $14.99, $3 less than Netflix for the three-rental plan, and Blockbuster's offer also includes two free store rentals each month.
''Consumers don't want to let Microsoft now start collecting and harvesting information about their navigation over the Internet,'' he said.
So over the last year, Procter has moved aggressively to forge relationships with the online grocers Webvan Group Inc. and HomeGrocer.com Inc.
As Deadline Nears, Fate of Racial Bias Accord at Coke Is Uncertain
As Antidote to Slowdown, Intel Will Spend, Not Cut
Mr. Demisch hinted that Boeing's managers, who are trying to sort out chaos caused by the company's fastest increase in aircraft production since World War II, might not be able to spare the time to focus on integrating Douglas.
He said that since the dispute began, , Microsoft had made 13 changes to its program to get around America Online's efforts to block users of Microsoft's clone.
The internal demand for chips used in I.B.M.
A spokeswoman for General Mills, Marybeth Thorsgard, declined to comment on the Institute of Medicine's report, saying that the company had not had a chance to read through the 600-page document.
But Pfizer badly needs to get new medicines to market to replace sales it is losing to generic competitors.
The odd feature of the antitrust complaint brought yesterday by the Federal Trade Commission is that it accused Intel of victimizing putative rivals that are also customers.
He is already filling the shoes of another senior executive who  resigned this month, Farzad Nazem, the chief technology officer and one of the longest-serving Yahoo executives.
Pharmacia and Pfizer selected the New York office of J. Walter Thompson, part of the WPP Group, to handle so-called direct-to-consumer campaigns for Celebrex, an arthritis pain medication.
These temp workers at Microsoft, who called themselves ''permatemps'' because many worked there for more than two years, asserted that the company maintained a fiction that they were temp workers by hiring them through temp agencies to avoid paying them stock options, pensions and health coverage.
''There's a thoughtless neglect of efficiencies in the government's analysis, and I think that will be an attractive target for Microsoft,'' Mr. Hall said.
Maybe this will help Xerox's depressed stock.
In fact, Kodak's most famous role in industrial technology wars was as defendant, not plaintiff.
A spokesman for Fox News, which has always rejected the charge that it brings a partisan bias to news coverage, said, ''We reject ads all the time,'' and declined further comment.
The 14-page, single-spaced memo -- whose title, ''The Era Ahead'' evokes his 1995 best-selling book, ''The Road Ahead'' -- spells out the main opportunities and threats that Mr. Gates sees for Microsoft in the next five years.
How far Google can eat into Microsoft's software franchise is uncertain.
The court's president, Bo Vesterdorf, will decide within a month or two whether Microsoft must change the way it sells software in Europe immediately, or whether the changes demanded by the commission should be postponed for several years until a final ruling is made.
Coke appears to have broken new ground on the valuation question.
In the end, I.B.M sold only 100,000 copies, and Mr. Pepperman said that Microsoft did not carry out its threat.
After rising $2.125, to $79.0625 -- within pennies of its high -- in regular Nasdaq trading, Apple dropped quickly to $69.875 after the warning was issued.
Verizon had been expected to bid, but a rash of problems in the industry, like the recent accounting scandal at WorldCom, led to a shift in strategy.
He has also shown impatience with Microsoft's long and often tedious cross-examination of Government witnesses.
Mr. Daly and Mr. Semel were the last top executives trained and guided by Steven J.  Ross, the almost legendary Time Warner chairman who died in 1992.
Some drug and biotechnoogy companies, including Nabi Biopharmaceuticals, Vical, Wyeth, ID Biomedical, GlaxoSmithKline, Aventis and Merck, are testing or developing vaccines for various illnesses despite vaccine business holding little allure because of low prices, strict regulations and uncertain demand; chart (M)
Moody's Investors Service raises long-term credit rating of Greece in response to country's economic growth, lower budget deficit and reduced debt levels (S)
The first quarter is typically Intel's weakest as demand for computers and electronics softens after the holiday rush.
Comcast, which has 21.5 million customers, has been facing increasing competition for new high-speed users from phone companies, which offer lower prices.
Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona, wondered aloud at the hearing whether that exemption was a good idea, given the size of the contract and Boeing's recent track record, which includes legal violations on military contracts and the forced resignations of its last two chief executives.
Leaving no doubt how much importance Microsoft attaches to its video game efforts, Bill Gates on Tuesday laid out a vision of a future in which gamers using the company's Xbox 360 console can be connected to others on a PC or a cellphone.
The wave of subpoenas that led to last week's lawsuits began about 10 weeks after the judge in the Verizon case issued his final ruling in April.
Intel was cleared by the commission's earlier investigation, but Advanced Micro Devices, one of the companies that made the accusation, refused to withdraw its complaint.
Five miles above the Pacific Ocean, alone with a mechanical problem they could not counter or even completely diagnose, the crew of Alaska Airlines Flight 261 seemed to try everything to save their plane, even as it rolled upside down and rocked back and forth in the last moments of flight.
But it's hard to remain impassive when you're sitting within the reality-distortion field that surrounds Apple's evangelical C.E.O.
The uncharacteristic schedule slippage is particularly embarrassing for Apple, which is based in Cupertino, Calif., because it had previously poked fun at Microsoft's struggles to complete its Vista operating system.
The effect, Microsoft said, would be to defer revenue of about $1.5 billion from the current quarter to later in the fiscal year.
Intel Corp sharply lowers its revenue and profit margin projections for third quarter, citing unexpectedly weak demand for its computer chips; company's shares plunge in after-hours trading (M)
Lawyers for Yahoo, who have argued that such steps are technically not feasible, said they would study ways to appeal the decision.
But difficult business conditions, in addition to Procter's size and conservative, risk-averse culture, undermined his strategy.
Sales began to trail off in 1994, as Beanie Babies and other toys began to nibble away market share, and in response, Mattel began producing thousands of Barbies from its collectors' line -- angering collectors who had paid $50 to $100 for the dolls, believing that they were limited editions.
California's electric power crisis is inevitable result of ill-designed deregulation program that state put in place three years ago; much of California's immense electric bill has been paid to companies based outside state, with owners of power plants and concerns that trade and market electricity capturing of it, but more than one-third of the electricity sold in state by these companies used to be controlled by Pacific Gas and Electric and Southern California Edison until deregulation forced them to sell the power plants; graph; photos (M)
One Wall Street analyst said the third investment banker might be likely to take a neutral stand and stay in the middle range, thus avoiding antagonizing AT&T or Lin.
''We have previously disclosed the existence of material weaknesses in internal control,'' Mr. Roth, who in January became the third Interpublic chief executive in two years, said in the statement.
Trying to dispel the gloom that Mr. Suria's analysis created, Mr. Blodget of Merrill Lynch issued a report about Amazon.com on Feb. 12, arguing that he did not believe that vendors would be concerned if Amazon's working capital fell into negative territory.
Either way, the rulings will probably prompt executives at companies including the News Corporation, Viacom and the Walt Disney Company, which each own many television stations already, to seriously consider expanding their empires by acquisition.
For example, at the same time that Wal-Mart introduced fur-trimmed jeans in the clothing department and 42-inch flat-screen televisions in the electronics section this year, it also began renovating hundreds of stores, ''making it difficult to find all that enticing new stuff,'' Ms. Augustine said.
Target was not told in advance what the editorial contents or the cover of the issue would be, Mr. Carey said, and there is to be no editorial acknowledgement of the sponsorship.
Jurors have sharply punished Merck in each case it has lost, awarding plaintiffs an average of almost $90 million in compensatory and punitive damages, which are supposed to be given only in cases of egregious corporate conduct.
It would have seemed to be the kind of lawsuit that cried out to be settled, especially in light of Morgan Stanley's uneven legal history.
It began with the decision to make a bid for MediaOne, and continued with the hostile bid for AT&T's cable business, which pitted Comcast against AOL Time Warner and Cox Communications.
When General Motors tries to cut costs, one of the first things to go is advertisements.
Mr. Parker of Sanford Bernstein said Intel would face continued pressure to lower prices on its chips.
Time Warner Cable, the biggest cable television provider in New York City, said yesterday that it would begin offering video on demand to hundreds of thousands of homes by the end of this month and to more than one million by the end of the year.
Such talk could create more problems for Intel, which is being investigated for possible antitrust violations by the Federal Trade Commission.
European antitrust regulators are considering a requirement that Microsoft sell two versions of Windows in Europe -- one with the music- and video-playing software stripped out -- should they find the company to be an abusive monopoly, people close to the case said Tuesday.
Wall Street analysts, Mr. Jobs said, will have a tricky time projecting quarterly iPod sales because ''no one has ever done this before,'' meaning sold digital music players at the pace that Apple has recently.
''Moreover, we find the lack of guidance from a company with the scale and savvy of Pfizer worrisome; it suggests to us that the company doesn't know itself about the future performance of its own internal operations.''
''This situation is very painful and disappointing for us,'' said Jill E. Barad, chairwoman and chief executive of Mattel, which is based in El Segundo, Calif.
But there is no such track record for suits against a single monopolist, especially in situations like this one, in which most of those complaining that they have been overcharged or otherwise injured are consumers who did not buy directly from Microsoft.
AT&T Corp's second-quarter financial results modestly exceed analysts' expectations; says overall revenue declined about 9 percent, to $12.1 billion, from $13.2 billion year earlier; reports loss of $12.7 billion compared with loss of $191 million year ago; chairman C Michael Armstrong comments (M)
But more recently, the AT&T relationship has appeared to prevent Mr. Malone from wheeling and dealing and manipulating Liberty's capital structure with his customary facility.
One might think that Ford Motor's bitter dispute with the Bridgestone/ Firestone Company was the beginning of the end for Mr. Nasser.
Dressed in a hunter green suit with a brown striped tie, sitting at a plain conference table at Microsoft's headquarters next to his lawyer, Mr. Gates seldom smiled but never raised his voice.
Turner Broadcasting, part of Time Warner, issued a statement saying, ''The 'packages' in question are magnetic lights that pose no danger.''
Stocks fell then after Intel announced that sales would fall below expectations, and the government reported stronger- than-expected job growth in February, leading economists to doubt how aggressive the Fed would be in cutting rates.
Some people involved in the case said they believed Morgan Stanley was acting in a way that suggested it wanted to disguise ties to Mr. Luethke.
States Seeking Stiffer Penalty For Microsoft
The appeals court held that Microsoft had illegally maintained its monopoly on Windows, which runs on 90 percent of new PC's, in a series of acts aimed at harming the Netscape Navigator browser and Sun's Java programming language.
Documents made public in a settlement last month between Wall Street firms and regulators over conflicts in the firms' research departments say the companies named in the spinning lawsuit did hundreds of millions of dollars in banking business with Citigroup investment bankers.
When there has been no question about whether a patient took the drug, the jury has blamed Merck.
The plane, Alaska Airlines Flight 261, was flying to San Francisco and then to Seattle from Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, when it crashed on Jan. 31 while trying to make an emergency landing at Los Angeles International Airport.
Second, Verizon wants its union workers to pay more toward their health coverage.
He also disputed the contention that Morgan Stanley was a divided firm.
Even as war approached, Watson, in Mr. Black's account, fought to keep I.B.M.
Union officials asserted that Verizon wanted the contract for those 50 employees to expire at a different time from the main contract, a move that would weaken the union's bargaining leverage for those 50 workers.
Verizon's latest offer is $850 million more than its original bid, but it is still 10 percent lower than Qwest's proposal.
Wall Street analysts are suspicious of Prime, since cheaper shipping threatens to diminish Amazon's profit margins, which have rebounded over the last year after slumping for years.
But Senator Patty Murray, a Democrat from Washington, where Microsoft has its headquarters in the Seattle suburb of Redmond, said: ''I remain concerned that a further delay in the release of Windows 98 will impact our nation's economy.
But as one more example of a family-run company that stumbled when the founding family died out, Adidas had been badly beaten by agile new competitors like Nike and Reebok.
It is one of dozens of cases involving birth defects that have been filed against I.B.M.
Wal-Mart is appealing the ruling, but the case is moving forward, and experts say losing or settling it could cost the retailer billions of dollars.
Confronting J. C. Penney's Ennui; A Veteran of Wal-Mart Tries to Repeat Her Successes
He estimated that the decision to pay General Electric for services it provides would cost him $2 million to $2.5 million a year.
Cordis, the last medical device maker before Boston Scientific to receive a companywide warning, received its letter in April 2004.
Uniform standards do not exist among manufacturers of pacemakers and other widely used heart devices about when, or even if, to notify doctors and patients when devices have flaws, even as sales soar, exceeding $8 billion a year; recent death of 21-year-old student Joshua Oukrop with implanted defibrillator made by Guidant Corp has thrown spotlight on issue, increasing calls that device makers adopt such guidelines; Guidant did not tell doctors for three years that device might short-circuit when needed; Medtronic this year alerted doctors about problem in defibrillator; cardiologists and other experts say episodes underscore broader issue--that each maker of critical heart devices decides on its own whether to disclose product flaw; Dr Anne B Curtis, president of Heart Rhythm Society, group that represents doctors who treat heart problems, says organization is likely to set up task force soon to try to develop industrywide guidelines on physician alerts; Medtronic official Dr Susan Alpert comments; Guidant executives have defended their actions; graph (M)
The commission said Microsoft failed to live up to its agreement, and called the documentation it provided ''totally unfit at this stage for its intended purpose.''
VeriSign, which is struggling financially, could face possible damage to its reputation over the inquiry.
The Boeing project was initially set at about $6 billion, but the National Reconnaissance Office had to add substantially to that figure to address what auditors have described as large problems with the program, the officials said.
Several former Apple executives said that while Apple's initial intent in reopening the licensing negotiations had been to kill off the clone makers, the company's strategy was  now to ''channel'' the clones into either geographic or product areas that do not directly compete with Apple.
The nine states challenging the settlement argue that Microsoft should be required to produce a ''modular'' version of Windows that would enable computer makers to substitute programs produced by rival developers.
After more than three years of litigation, repeated courtroom setbacks and failed settlement talks, Microsoft is apparently on the verge of emerging largely successful from its long antitrust battle.
Both sides are preparing for a trial that is scheduled to begin in Seattle on April 7, when a jury is expected to begin weighing whether Lindows is an illegal copycat brand and whether Microsoft's trademark on Windows should be taken away.
Indeed, some industry analysts and corporate branding experts say that SBC should have developed an entirely new identity rather than hang onto the AT&T name, which has lost its luster, particularly with younger consumers.
Mattel argued that the photographs of Barbie, frequently depicted in sexually provocative poses, would confused consumers into believing it endorsed the project.
Centocor, subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson, has been providing doctors with marketing materials that describe how they can make extra money by prescribing expensive rheumatoid arthritis drug called Remicade, practice that health care fraud experts say may be illegal; document once available to doctors on Centocor's Web site stated that included worksheet where physicians could calculate their 'estimated revenue per patient' from prescribing drug; worksheet stated 'revenue' was primarily difference between what Medicare pays doctors for drug and lower amount that Centocor charged doctors for drug; drug is one of few rheumatoid arthritis treatments that Medicare covers; Centocor says company does not talk about profitability and how physicians can make money; Dr Paul April says other doctors have told him that Centocor representatives invited them to meeting where they could learn about how they could profit from Remicade (M)
Hull, of Yahoo, argued that there was even more at stake than the risk of lawsuits.
In January, to discourage frivolous postings on its auction site, Yahoo imposed fees of 20 cents to $2.25 for each item listed.
The message said Mr. Weill sought Mr. Armstrong's help in a boardroom power struggle with John S. Reed, then co-head of Citigroup, who subsequently resigned.
Though it has been ''a really difficult year so far,'' Mr. Crawford said, Morgan Stanley's backlog of planned merger deals grew slightly in the quarter.
Next on the agenda, said Frederick Henderson, president of General Motors Asia/Pacific, would be ''getting the company back on its feet'' after its slide from its position as a close competitor of Hyundai Motor to a distant third place behind Hyundai and Kia Motors.
To raise awareness of erectile dysfunction worldwide, Pfizer has hired Pel, the international soccer star.
''What can they possibly come up with that can frighten Microsoft enough to change its behavior that it's been developing for decades?''
In contrast to Citigroup, Merrill did not have as strong a quarter in investment banking.
In Manhattan yesterday, five police officers from the Midtown South Precinct who were monitoring picket lines were doused with bird excrement and other waste dumped from the top of Verizon's 41-story headquarters building on the Avenue of the Americas at 42nd Street.
COCA-COLA'S CHIEF MARKETING OFFICER RESIGNS
He thinks that one day Amazon could do the dirty work of storing products and fulfilling online orders for many of the e-commerce companies on the Web.
Nation's largest wireless phone services, exploiting rules intended to help smallest telecommunications companies and bolster competition, are on verge of winning scores of new licenses at Federal Communications Commission auction at sharp discount through deals with smaller partners; Verizon Wireless, one national company that refused to form partnership with small company, appears likely to pay highest price for licenses, while other small companies complain of losing out to partners of giant companies; over 95 percent of high bids have come from large companies and their partners; table (M)
Competitors commonly complain that Microsoft business practices are unfair.
The Europeans worry that the proposed merger of Time Warner's music businesses into a joint venture with EMI would reduce the number of major record distributors to four companies from five, further limiting competition.
In its report, Norway alleged evidence of child labor and dismal working conditions at factories owned by Wal-Mart suppliers in Bangladesh, China and elsewhere.
According to First Call/ Thompson Financial, which tracks company earnings, it has been many months since any analyst has rated Goodyear shares any higher than ''hold'' -- a rating that investors generally interpret as a warning to avoid a stock.
Kenneth C. Frazier, Merck's general counsel, said the mistrial did not alter Merck's strategy of continuing to bring lawsuits to trial, rather than pursue blanket settlements.
Should Boeing violate these provisions, it could be prosecuted and fined up to $10 million, according to the settlement.
Johnson & Johnson, in 1994, pioneered the stent, a meshlike device inserted in coronary arteries that serves as scaffolding to help overcome the constrictions that cause heart attacks.
Intel's smaller businesses continued to struggle, however.
Four banks, including the local units of Citigroup and HSBC, have agreed to absorb some losses stemming from the banking crisis of the mid-1990's, ending a dispute with regulators, legislators said Thursday.
is not focused on really small companies -- with, say, 50 workers or less -- or on individuals,'' said Stephen M. Ward Jr., Lenovo's chief executive and former head of I.B.M.
The announcement from Electronic Arts, the largest independent game publisher, came less than a week after Activision, a competitor, also reported unexpectedly weak holiday sales.
Merck disputed that interpretation and said yesterday that its newly discovered mistake was unrelated to that new data.
The organic revenue growth of 0.3 percent in the second quarter was the first for Interpublic since the first quarter of 2001, before the advertising industry recession began.
Microsoft had made side deals with Comcast, Cox and even AT&T in the event the company decided to stay independent -- all to block what the software company considers its more important rival in broadband services: AOL Time Warner.
The Entergy Corporation, a large New Orleans-based utility, is aggressively moving into the business of running nuclear plants for other electricity companies.
Target chain, nation's third-largest discount retailer, says it will stop selling cigarettes because it costs too much to keep them out of hands of minors; other retailers are also concerned about growing burden of new state and Federal regulations intended to curb teen-age smoking; two largest discount chains, Wal-Mart Stores and Kmart, say they will continue to sell cigarettes; drugstore chains are are most likely to follow Target's lead, so they can position themselves as health care providers (M)
Cellular companies including Verizon Wireless, T-Mobile, Alltel and U.S. Cellular have said they did not hand over records; Cingular Wireless declined to comment.
''Yahoo has no other choice than to conform to the ruling,'' said Stephane Lilti, a lawyer for the Union of Jewish Students.
Microsoft intends to use material from the book as evidence that Netscape's troubles resulted largely from its own missteps, not from any predatory practices by Microsoft.
Whether Mr. Icahn would pursue another proxy battle to oust the company's board or simply intends to be a passive investor in Time Warner is an open question.
American International Group, the insurance giant under scrutiny for using transactions to improve its financial condition, has uncovered at least $1 billion more in accounting problems, people briefed on the company's investigation said yesterday.
Mr. Roche's resignation on Nov. 16 came days before Senator McCain released a series of embarrassing e-mail messages in which Mr. Roche appeared to be a cheerleader for Boeing within the Air Force, writing ''Go Boeing!''
Verizon's making the wrong choice.''
The announcement comes less than a week after Yahoo announced that its chief executive, Timothy Koogle, would step down and disclosed that its first-quarter financial results would miss analysts' forecasts.
US government asks European Commission and European Union members to be fair in antitrust dispute against Microsoft; Microsoft has complained frequently that it has been denied right to fair defense and has accused European Commission of collaborating with its rivals in software industry and denying it access to what it contends are documents vital to its defense (M)
Opening statements are set to begin in trial of Justice Department's lawsuit to block Oracle's proposed hostile takeover of PeopleSoft (M)
Federal Aviation Administration, in radical new approach, will skip competitive bidding and will choose Lockheed Martin Corp to design and build replacement for heart of its antiquated long-distance air traffic control system; Lockheed owns most of Loral Corp, air traffic control company that was main contractor in agency's earlier failed automation project; officials cite Lockheed's familiarity with system over last few years; say familiarity is essential since agency must install new computers before 2008, when replacement parts become unavailable; say awarding contract to other bidders would only be waste of time and money; photo (M)
A North Carolina college student who federal authorities say is suspected of placing box cutters and other banned items aboard two Southwest Airlines jets to demonstrate gaps in airport security was expected in federal court in Baltimore today.
As a result, the panel, which will meet early next year, may recommend less aggressive treatment of anemia, potentially hurting sales for Amgen and Johnson & Johnson, which market the drugs, which are among the world's best-selling prescription medicines.
Intel has not made a significant reduction in its work force since the mid-1980's.
Lawyers involved in the investigation say they suspect that Morgan Stanley was so desperate to avoid being hit with a racial discrimination suit by Mr. Curry, who comes from a well-connected black family in New York, that it agreed to work with Mr. Luethke to discredit Mr. Curry.
But a Microsoft lawyer, Steven Holley, tried to undermine Mr. Green's credibility, suggesting that Sun was simply trying to use the antitrust case to avoid competing with Microsoft in the market.
The Chubb Corporation, one of the biggest insurers of homes and businesses, reported a 20 percent rise in net income for the second quarter yesterday, the latest indication of continued strong pricing for property casualty insurance.
''These remedies will harm Windows irrevocably,'' said Horacio Gutierrez, Microsoft's top internal lawyer in Europe, in an interview on Friday.
The dispute began last weekend when Nike began running a commercial by Wieden & Kennedy in Portland, Ore., for a basketball shoe, the Shox VC, named after Vince Carter of the Toronto Raptors.
SBC and Verizon also expect that by acquiring AT&T and MCI's national networks, they will reduce costly access fees they now have to pay to long-haul providers.
Still, fears of a class effect could slow sales of Pfizer's drugs in the long run and could increase focus on the COX-2 inhibitors, which cost many times as much as drugs like aspirin but are not more effective in relieving pain.
The board of the Walt Disney Company said it had rejected Comcast's $54 billion offer.
Other scientists had isolated EPO from human urine well before Amgen even existed, and one doctor even tried treating three anemic patients with it.
Lastly, union officials are angry because in their view, General Motors, in its new outsourcing offensive, is violating the contract that the Flint local signed last year in which it accepted numerous steps to increase productivity.
Interpublic has already endured difficulties that include a Securities and Exchange Commission investigation of accounting irregularities; two restatements of earnings dating to 1996; a suspension of the dividend; repeated misses of earnings estimates; and several downgradings of corporate debt, to one level above junk status.
To get around this problem, the I.B.M.
Sending a signal that it is losing its global struggle with Coca-Cola, Pepsico Inc. said late yesterday that it was moving to immediately revamp its international operations and that it would take a total of more than $500 million in charges in the third and fourth quarters to cover the costs.
It was not clear how big a stake in the company AT&T will receive for its investment.
Havas advertising agency appears to be in jeopardy of losing its third-largest client, Intel Corp, which has signaled that it is considering eliminating agencies owned by Havas from review for worldwide advertising assignments that began in October (S)
Europeans Reject Offer By Microsoft
New York regulators are investigating whether American International Group failed to pay tens of millions of dollars to New York state workers' compensation fund during 1990's even after top management was told company's actions were improper; New York State Atty Gen Eliot Spitzer and Howard Mills, acting state insurance superintendent, say they will appoint auditor to examine practice at AIG's expense; consultant will determine if state is owed any money; AIG booked premiums it received from workers' compensation coverage as premiums for general liability coverage, practice company continued for number of years even after it was questioned internally; AIG spokesman Chris Winans says practice largely ahd been corrected in 1997 (M)
Jury Rules Wal-Mart Must Pay $172 Million Over Meal Breaks
And Express Scripts has been criticized for loading itself up with debt to make an offer that may not receive the F.T.C.
Wal-Mart also argues that the Berkeley study was done by researchers who are advised and sometimes financed by organized labor.
''The inescapable conclusion is that the very apex of Boeing's management structure was privy to and willing to exploit the bribery scheme between Boeing and Druyun'' in connection with the rocket launchings, Lockheed said in papers filed in Federal District Court in Orlando.
''I graduated from college in 1987, and we had punch cards,'' said Steven Sinofsky, general manager of Microsoft Office, which includes the word processor Microsoft Word and grosses in two months what the movie ''Titanic'' has grossed since its release.
James F. Albaugh, head of Boeing's military unit, said the delay was a result of problems integrating the system's computer software and hardware.
Computer makers had said that the provision made it more difficult for them to assert their patent rights against Microsoft, a view partly acknowledged in a recent deposition by Richard Fade, a Microsoft senior vice president.
Fresh from settling regulators' complaints about mutual fund trading improprieties, Mr. Lewis, the chief executive of Bank of America, will take the microphone today, a block away from the bank's headquarters in Charlotte, N.C., to urge shareholders to vote for his bank's $48 billion acquisition of FleetBoston Financial.
Lawyers for Oracle, however, argue that the government's definition of the business software market is too narrow.
Intel, the world's leading maker of computer chips, said today that it would try to spend its way through the troubled economic times.
In doing so, Microsoft declared that the judge ''committed an array of serious and substantive procedural errors.''
''Ford, for the most part, is still inhibited from selling direct to the consumer,'' he said.
Wal-Mart, long criticized for low wages and its health benefits, began working with bloggers in late 2005 ''as part of our overall effort to tell our story,'' said Mona Williams, a company spokeswoman.
If the Justice Department allows the offer to proceed, the PeopleSoft board's rejection of it -- at a level 33 percent above the offer of $19.50 a share made in June -- could stir up enough stockholder anger for Oracle to prevail in a proxy fight for control of the board.
In addition to the Year 2000 problem, I.B.M.
Plaintiffs in the case -- some alfalfa seed companies and environmental and farm advocacy groups -- said they would push to stop the sales and planting of the alfalfa, which is resistant to Monsanto's Roundup herbicide.
Among the institutions that would be affected by such a move are Citigroup and the Spanish banks Santander and BBVA, which control lucrative outlets here.
Mr. Nielsen said Microsoft did not encourage bundled packages.
That means that if Kodak is predicting a 25 percent decline for the year, second-half earnings may come in as low as $1.44.
Excerpts from European Union's statement on its finding that Microsoft broke European Union copetition law, and comments from Microsoft chief executive Steven A Ballmer and general counsel Brad Smith (M)
In a suit filed Tuesday in Federal District Court in Trenton, N.J., Johnson & Johnson said Amgen was bundling sales of its drugs in a way that forces cancer clinics to buy Amgen's Aranesp at the expense of Procrit.
In the case of Microsoft, Mr. Sohn said,  the company was able to detect the attack quickly and take evasive measures.
Dataquest releases figures showing worldwide personal computer market grew by 16.3 percent in third quarter compared with year-earlier quarter; in global market, IBM and Toshiba showed sharpest increases and Apple Computer and Packard Bell the biggest losses in market share in US; US PC market grew 12.5 percent in quarter, with Intel and Intel-compatible segment of market up more than 20 percent (M)
Micron said that it did not believe it had broken any laws and that it was cooperating fully.
That is partly because airlines, including those in bankruptcy protection, have cut domestic schedules and capacity, said Prashanth Kuchibhotla, the senior manager for air procurement for eClipse Advisers, an American Express subsidiary.
Will AT&T stand alone as a telecommunications company?
The entrance to the store, on Fifth Avenue between 58th and 59th Streets, is a glass cube, 32 feet on each side, with a suspended Apple logo inside.
There was no way to put the businesses together without Nortel ending up controlling a majority of Corning's stock -- at least 57 percent by some estimates.
But Charles Kernaghan, director of the National Labor Committee, a worker rights group that frequently criticizes Wal-Mart, said that workers at a factory in Honduras Mr. Lynn had inspected complained as recently as this April that managers screamed at them, administered pregnancy tests and sometimes did not pay them for working overtime.
Fuji insists that the price cut was temporary, stemming from a onetime need to unload excess film after Kodak wrested away a plum customer, Price/Costco Inc.
Investors in Motorola appeared to have feared that the company's outlook would be even gloomier than it turned out to be.
Federal officials say that they are unconcerned about Verizon's high bids and that there is no correlation between expensive licenses and increases in consumer rates.
Citibank, Citigroup's consumer banking unit, does not want to raise its rates on savings accounts and engage in a pricing war that will hurt profits.
Those numbers would indicate that in the early going at least, Wal-Mart's $4 prescriptions are not having a huge impact on overall sales of generic drugs in this country.
Boeing to Cut Production Of 747 Jumbo Jets in 1999
In Windows 98, Internet Explorer is even more closely integrated into the operating system, making it more difficult for manufacturers to ship computers without Microsoft's browser -- and thus more difficult for Microsoft to comply with the injunction if the court applies it to the new operating system.
Motorola and Symbol Technologies, for example, are both part of a consortium that has extensive patents covering numerous basic transactional functions -- using bar codes (they call their information-rich version scanlets) to purchase an item through a specific retailer, for example -- and is threatening to use the courts to block others from introducing competing systems.
The dissatisfaction with Michael D. Eisner by members of the Walt Disney Company's board may be broader than previously realized, but few in Hollywood think Mr. Eisner is in imminent danger of losing his job.
With no negotiations scheduled in the strike by 18,300 machinists at Boeing, the two sides are showing little inclination for compromise, raising fears that the walkout could last a month or more.
If the Internet fever were to cool, and if the extraordinary valuations accorded to such companies as Microsoft and Cisco were to come down, it could appear that Nasdaq had fallen into a deep bear market.
Even so, Mark Murray, a Microsoft spokesman, said, ''We are hearing directly from virtually every major PC manufacturer that they are excited about Windows 98, and they believe their business will suffer if the Government tries to delay the introduction of Windows 98.''
But Boeing had no uncertainty in its report, which said the damage would not threaten the mission.
While Union Pacific said that it was getting its problems under control, the Chemical Manufacturers Association said that almost 200 major chemical plants had complained about poor service and that 29 had disclosed total losses of $60 million.
Instead of bundling the program into its Windows operating system as Microsoft does now, the European Commission is expected to demand that Microsoft sell two versions of Windows to manufacturers of personal computers -- one of them with Media Player stripped out.
Lorraine Bracco, actress who has suffered from depression and been treated with Pfizer's drug Zoloft, discusses illness in forthcoming television commercial, which will not mention Zoloft, but rather refer viewers to Web site that does; is latest of number of celebrities to go public about depression under contract with drug company; photo of Bracco in her role as psychiatrist in Sopranos television show (M)
Amazon was set to unveil the section two weeks ago, but put off its debut in the aftermath of the terrorist attack and subsequent falloff in travel.
But analysts note that the loss may also reflect some growing pains, heightened by the bear market, for the still relatively fresh integration of Dean Witter's brokerage network into that of Morgan Stanley.
Intel, the world's leading maker of computer chips and a technology bellwether, said that the announcement was a result of weak demand from Europe, and the fact that microprocessor sales in the second quarter, typically the industry's weakest, did not rise to seasonal norms.
In another front in the instant-messaging battle, Microsoft officials said today that they had identified and reprimanded an employee who used a false identity to send a message discrediting America Online to a computer security expert.
Mr. Romm said that he expected to see Pepsi focus on markets in Asia, particularly those in China and India, where consumption of soft drinks is relatively low and Coca-Cola's presence is not yet large.
Apple's recent troubles were not reflected by the size of crowd at Macworld.
''But 80 to 90 percent of the problems Boeing has today are problems that Boeing created.''
At Yahoo in the second quarter, that measure excluded $46 million of expenses related to its layoffs of 12 percent of its staff and the resulting reduction in office space.
Indeed, China has no dominant national players in the retail market, which is why Wal-Mart and other international retailers are battling aggressively to expand there.
To make up for the loss of open space, Goldman Sachs would pay for $5 million in improvements nearby.
Marsh & McLennan board members and senior executives put millions of dollars into partnership that profited by buying companies from Marsh and investing in companies that work with Marsh; filing with Securities and Exchange Commission shows that company chairman and chief executive Jeffrey W Greenberg's stake was worth almost $2 million shortly after partnership, called Trident, was created in 1999; no one has offered evidence that Marsh gave private partnership sweetheart deals to benefit Trident investors at expense of Marsh's public shareholders, but it is unusual for company's directors, who represent interests of shareholders, to invest in company-managed private funds alongside executives they are supposed to supervise; partnership incorporation papers and other public filings indicate that Marsh repeatedly worried about possibility of conflicts of interest in fund; experts on corporate governance have complained that Marsh's board is extremely weak and has not taken leadershp as insurance broker's legal problems worsen; New York Atty Gen Eliot Spitzer filed civil suit against Marsh, contending that it cheated its clients by working with other insurers to fix prices (M)
An article in Business Day yesterday about a downgrade in the debt rating of the Ford Motor Company by Standard & Poor's referred incorrectly to the ratings of General Motors and DaimlerChrysler.
Boeing Concession Averts Trade War With Europe
Amazon Loss Soared 543% In 4th Quarter
Hundreds of plaintiffs' lawyers who claim that people were injured or killed by the painkiller Vioxx plan to meet next week to lay the groundwork for a nationwide legal assault against the drug's maker, Merck.
NEC Corp, Japan's leading computer and semiconductor manufacturer, teams up with eAccess Ltd, new telecommunications company, to provide subscribers to its Internet service with high-speed connections; NEC has been losing ground to Fujitsu in battle to expand its Internet services businesses, and partnership with eAccess, start-up backed by Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co and Goldman, Sachs & Co, is aimed at regaining momentum (M)
For the quarter, Interpublic reported net income of $117 million, or 31 cents a share, in contrast to a loss of $113 million, or 31 cents, in the period a year earlier.
In Los Angeles, Rupert Murdoch and executives at his News Corporation met today with Kirch's bank creditors and other investors about a possible takeover of Premiere, the money-losing pay television network that is the biggest reason for the Kirch Group's collapse.
Officially, the industry chose to respond Tuesday by seizing on one idea that Mr. Jobs raised -- licensing Apple's own copy-protection system -- even though he went on to reject it.
Angered at Hynix's Rejection, Micron Ends Its Rescue Talks
For years, Exxon Mobil and Pertamina argued about how to split the proceeds from Cepu.
The SCO Group, a small Utah company, has accused I.B.M.
Time Warner confirmed the sale of its Warner Music division yesterday for about $2.6 billion to an investor group led by the Seagram heir Edgar Bronfman Jr. and the investment firm Thomas H. Lee, ending an 18-month corporate garage sale to pay down debts.
Radical groups in India are staging armed raids of some of most visible symbols of America: Coke and Pepsi warehouses as protest to American-led invasion of Iraq; 10 members of People's War Group, outlawed militant Maoist faction that has clashed with local authorities in southern India for two decades, storm Pepsi-Cola warehouse in Guntur district of Andhar Pradesh; management of warehouse belongs to local franchise bottler and not PepsiCo; several soft drink distribution centers were attacked last week, including apparent bombing at Coca-Cola operation in Andhra Pradesh that destroyed hundreds of cases of drinks (M)
The executive, James W. Lynn, said he upset Wal-Mart officials by complaining vigorously about apparel contractors that fired pregnant workers and about one company official who, according to several inspectors, was corrupt and treated substandard factories leniently.
In part because of the uncertainties raised by the antitrust case, Microsoft stock fell by nearly 50 percent in the first five months of this year, from a 52-week high of $119.09375 a share on Dec. 30 to $60.375 on May 26.
Silicon Valley executives said that Microsoft's aggressive behavior in the early 1990's led to a widespread belief among technology companies that Microsoft was using its operating system monopoly and unfair tactics to compete in markets where its technology was inferior.
EToys' creditors have sued Goldman Sachs, accusing the firm of having violated its fiduciary duty by underpricing the public offering.
Mattel is able to limit production because it has not promised Warner Brothers the $500 million in sales that Hasbro promised George Lucas, the creator of ''Star Wars.''
The Interpublic Group of Companies in New York, the agency company that has struggled for months with financial and operational problems, said yesterday that it would sell $600 million in 20-year convertible bonds.
The Government even introduced internal Microsoft E-mail suggesting rankings of ''friend, enemy or neutral,'' for software companies.
Priceline's widening operating loss is particularly discouraging, because the company had approached break-even on an operating basis during the first nine months of 2000.
This bundling tactic of using the industry-dominant operating system to market Microsoft Network, or MSN, Mr. Case argued, gave Microsoft an unfair advantage in the young but fast-growing on-line business.
That is a line of business in which Cigna, like Aetna, was a leader in the years before 1986, when the industry changed its coverage to eliminate most claims for environmental damages.
But some analysts said Intel's decision to promote a generation of products two years away suggested the pressure it is feeling at the low end of its product line.
Citing Cancer, Chief Resigns At McDonald's
Some analysts worry that a jury decision June 21 in federal court in Delaware upholding Johnson & Johnson's patents could allow it to block the introduction of improved versions of Taxus.
Netflix must be furious.
General Motors officials arrive in South Korea for what may be final round of talks with creditors of Daewoo Motors over takeover of bankrupt carmaker; hopes for deal rise when Daewoo's main parts supplier, Korea Delphi Automotive Systems, ends month of intermittent strikes and slowdowns by giving unions no-layoffs pledge (S)
FirstEnergy has been under pressure from bond rating agencies to reduce its debt substantially.
Christine Bourron is among number of entrepreneurs and artists who are selling art over the Internet; Bourron's company, PaintingsDirect.com, operates Web site (www.paintingsdirect.com) that allows browsers to search art not just by artist or style, but also by price, size, color and by more than 200 keywords; some other sites noted; sudden proliferation of sites has alarmed some people in art world who question not just what protections buyers have but whether what is being offered by some sites can even be called art; however, noted firms such as Sotheby's, in partnership with Amazon.com, is planning to hold auctions on its site by beginning of next year; photos, including Bourron (L)
To get around that problem, AT&T has used nonconducting plastic shields in areas where lightning is common.
Bristol-Myers Squibb jolted Wall Street late yesterday by saying that its sales and earnings for the first quarter and the year would be significantly lower than investors had been expecting.
But in past quarters, analysts have sharply criticized Xerox management, arguing that it botched a sales force reorganization and lagged on  product introductions.
AT&T stopped providing billing services for new ''900'' numbers as of Jan. 1, a spokeswoman, Jean Hurt, said.
Adobe shares had actually fallen in advance of the earnings report, on rumors the earnings would fall below forecasts, and then bounced back on Thursday, climbing $5.73, or 15 percent, in Nasdaq trading.
After ordering thousands of copies, Wal-Mart has decided not to put the top-selling book in the country on its store shelves because of a picture that it said customers might deem offensive.
Moody's Investors Service lowers outlook for Fujitsu's long-term debt to negative from stable (S)
Microsoft files unexpected brief with Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson that quotes from Justice Department's own 1995 argument against breaking up company in earlier antitrust case against Microsoft; also repeats its own earlier legal arguments (M)
ImClone Systems reapplies electronically to sell its cancer drug, Erbitux, but hits last-minute snafu with widespread power failures in Northeast; ImClone Systems and its partner, Bristol-Myers Squibb have stumbled repeatedly in trying to get drug approved to treat colorectal cancer, but there is still hope that drug will overcome its difficult start and help thousands of patients; ImClone asks for accelerated drug-approval process (M)
James Bingham, the former assistant treasurer who said Xerox fired him when he uncovered accounting irregularities and who is presumed to be a major source of information for the investigators, also did not respond to e-mail and phone messages.
Coke's Glum Forecast Sends Stock Down 10%
Boeing's chief executive, Harry C. Stonecipher, skipped this year's Farnborough International Air Show, delegating to his lieutenants the annual chore of chatting up customers, taking questions from journalists and gossiping about the competition.
Microsoft's June 1995 proposal that Netscape abandon the field to Microsoft in the market for browsing technology for Windows, and its subsequent, well-documented efforts to overwhelm Navigator's browser usage share with a proliferation of Internet Explorer browsers inextricably attached to Windows, clearly meet the first element of the offense.
Legal experts said that termination is the most severe of several options open to the Air Force, which has been investigating the relationship between Boeing and Darleen A. Druyun, formerly the Air Force's No.
But Mr. Boies showed that some people involved in the first agreement, with Microsoft, were also involved in the second one, with America Online, and he said that it was odd that they did not know of this conflict.
In the latest skirmish in a bitter war over the best-selling drug ever created by biotechnology, Johnson & Johnson has filed an antitrust suit accusing rival Amgen of using illegal leverage to drive its drug, Procrit, out of the market.
In a development that could hasten the end of the strike by more than 86,000 employees of Verizon Communications, the company and its unions resolved an issue at the heart of their dispute yesterday, people close to the talks said.
Of that figure, Cox and Comcast will each pay $160 million.
''Xerox would hate to part with them because they are the future,'' said Tom Long, a former Xerox executive who is now chief executive of Oce Printing Systems USA.
Patty Smith, an Amazon spokeswoman, said there was no intent by the company to offer biased search results.
Critics worry that VeriSign could wield an unfair advantage as resale prices soar for scarce names in the popular .com domain.
And Microsoft executives declared that there would be no changes in their product plans or business practices as a result of the European decision.
Several analysts said that Intel had struggled in the mobile-phone market in part because handset makers have been worried about becoming dependent on Intel, as PC makers already are.
It is abandoning retail stores for its PC's because, like other computer manufacturers that sell through brick-and-mortar outlets, I.B.M.
This provision therefore would permit OEMs to pre-install such operating systems on their computers if they do not like the features and functionality of Microsoft's new operating systems.
Bell Atlantic executives said AT&T and its partner, the General Instrument Corporation, had not finished a number of key network components.
At Yahoo, which did not have contracts as lengthy as those of AOL and thus suffered its falloff earlier, advertising revenue is expected to be $544 million.
A spokeswoman for Comcast said its executives would have no comment on the CBS deals with the smaller cable operators.
At first, the ''Late Show'' host let his guest get some rancor out of his system, listening with a deadpan expression as Mr. Stern raged about the head of CBS swanning around on Oscar night ''with his trophy wife while CBS Radio burns.''
Cynthia M Trudell is named chairwoman and president of General Motors' Saturn division, first woman to head car division at any domestic or foreign auto maker; GM, faced with shrinking small-car market and struggling to repair its once-legendary labor relations, appointed Trudell who is an expert on sport utility vehicles and factory management; Saturn's current chairman and president, Donald W Hudler, is retiring and will become chief executive of Saturn Retail Enterprises, separate company that GM is setting up with some Saturn dealers to own dealerships jointly; photo (M)
Mr. Lanier defeated Merck in August in the first Vioxx lawsuit to reach a jury, in state court in Angleton, Tex.
Chubb's approach is to continue to refuse coverage in the riskiest situations.
WHILE much of America spent its summer vacation lying on the beach or relaxing on a mountaintop, some key shareholders of Coca-Cola Enterprises spent theirs in a flurry of trading on the stock exchange.
Anti-American sentiment directed at Coca-Cola as a result of the Iraq war has not affected Coke's financial returns, it said.
''The first I heard of the lawsuit was when we saw the press release,'' said Howard High, a spokesman for Intel, which is based in Santa Clara, Calif. Robert B. Palmer, Digital's chief executive, said last week that he did not telephone Andrew S. Grove, his counterpart at Intel, to inform him of the suit, ''because I didn't want to wake him by calling.''
When a problem comes in the door the center's director, Kevin Kean, and his staff must swiftly make an assessment: Is the security weakness detected in a Microsoft software product only minor?
In 1999, that strategy suffered a big setback at the hands of AT&T, which beat out Comcast in a bidding war for another major cable operator, MediaOne.
The News Corporation has become increasingly frustrated at the pace of its negotiations to acquire an Italian pay-television provider from Vivendi Universal of France and could walk away from the deal, people close to the talks said yesterday.
In the hierarchy of computing, Microsoft's Windows software runs on desktops alone.
Goodyear lost $203 million in 2001.
The Boeing Company, compounding one of its worst annual financial performances in 50 years, said yesterday that it would take a $1.4 billion pretax charge against its earnings for the fourth quarter of 1997 related to its merger with the McDonnell Douglas Corporation.
Qwest Communications chairman Richard Notebaert and Verizon chairman Ivan Seidenberg release letters stating their cases for seeking to acquire MCI; Notebaert's letter says his company's latest bid is being ignored; Seidenberg's letter dismisses Qwest's projected cost savings as 'modern fiction' (M)
In at least a partial answer to its critics, Microsoft said that it would begin shipping the consumer and business versions of Windows XP with the protective network firewall completely activated, to make PC's less vulnerable to attacks.
But Apple officials said today that despite the challenges, the company remained on track to a recovery.
For example, the Kodak is the new all-in-one on the block, so it doesn't offer as many features as some of its rivals.
The move comes as Amgen is trying to counter perceptions that despite being the world's largest biotechnology company, it is a scientific weakling.
The approach is intended to enable Microsoft to not only grab a slice of the $66-billion-a-year market for local advertising, but also sales and distribution charges for airline tickets, automobile sales and retail goods.
AT&T is splitting itself into four companies, a process that includes selling assets to raise cash and pay down debt.
The board of the Ford Motor Company is meeting this week to consider the latest plan from top executives to turn the struggling automaker around.
Ford and Firestone have each submitted reports to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration asserting that the Explorer tire failures were the result of underinflation, a tire design flaw and tire manufacturing problems.
''In addition, the divestitures will deny Aetna the ability to unduly depress physician reimbursement rates and thereby impair the quantity and quality of physician services provided to patients.''
The Ford Motor Company is the latest Detroit auto giant to stall.
Still, ''deflation remains a major problem for Sony,'' said Naoki Takahashi, a credit analyst with Moody's in Tokyo.
In the Bronx, where about 2,500 telephone lines were put out of service yesterday because of a cut line, Verizon said repairs could be delayed because of the walkout.
In an interview, he accused HarperCollins executives of deliberately attacking him as part of a larger corporate vendetta, because he appears on a rival to the Fox News Channel, which, like HarperCollins, is part of the News Corporation.
Another Senior Executive Resigns at Morgan Stanley
It is the 33rd product category Amazon has rolled out since it started expanding in the late 1990's, but for some it is the most puzzling, since it calls to mind some of the worst Internet business debacles on record.
The results, among the bleakest for a major agency company since the recession a decade ago, meant a fast end to the honeymoon -- what there was of it -- for David Bell, who completes his first week as chairman and chief executive of Interpublic today .
Yahoo begins making it harder for users to find sexually explicit chat rooms and clubs; action has sparked anger and fear among users, prompting thousands of them to sign petition demanding that company continue to maintain popular online forums (M)
The latest corporate sponsor between bookends is the Ford Motor Company, whose British division recently struck a deal with British novelist Carole Matthews.
Since the strike began, Boeing has missed scheduled deliveries on seven jetliners.
In the days before Christmas, Mike Jeffress, a Christian author and senior minister at Providence Road Church in Chesapeake, Va., used his Amazon blog both to raise an alarm about the persecution of Christians and to offer shopping tips.
The board has expressed confidence in Mr. Eisner, worried that if he left now, the company would be vulnerable to a hostile takeover attempt, like the recent $54 billion offer from the Comcast Corporation, or would falter on its planned turnaround.
In 1999, Amazon's net loss was double the adjusted loss it emphasized.
The complaint accused Microsoft of bundling its Outlook Express e-mail software, Movie Maker video editing software, Instant Messenger and Media Player software into Windows XP.
A.T.& T., for example, has an outplacement service that provides career counseling and training in interviewing skills and that prints professional-looking resumes at no cost to employees.
Oracle Parries Criticism on Database Contracts
In April 1999, four black employees filed a lawsuit complaining that Coke had treated them unfairly in pay, promotions and performance evaluations.
''Microsoft has become a serious competitor against SAP, Oracle, PeopleSoft and others,'' said Kevin O'Marah, vice president for research at AMR Research, a technology consulting firm.
''Market pressures are moving Microsoft in that direction.''
The agreement overcomes earlier demands by Pertamina that it take the first turn in alternating control of Cepu, a proposal rejected by Exxon Mobil as impractical.
Authors Guild questions Amazon.com's new feature that lets users search for specific words or phrases in database of texts of 120,000 books and see few pages of each book in which phrase appears; holds publishers do not have right to make book contents available without author's permission; Amazon touts feature as sales tool; some publishing executives say they will weigh whether service hurts sales (M)
Several people close to Ms. Couric, as well as executives from NBC News, emphasized that there was no ill will on either side over the prospect of Ms. Couric's departing for the anchor job at CBS News.
But that came last Monday when Crain's Chicago Business reported that Primeco wanted to cancel its contract and remove already-installed Motorola equipment.
After 14 hours of deliberations over two days, the jurors found that Vioxx had caused Mr. McDarby's heart attack and that Merck had failed to warn patients and doctors of Vioxx's heart risks.
Losses in Argentina Reduce Citigroup's Earnings
Excluding those items, Amazon's loss comes to 33 cents a share.
International Monetary Fund, pummeled by Asia and now Russia, is gradually softening its policies, becoming more tolerant of arrangements it would have rejected year ago and even allowing some Asian debtors not to repay all they owe to foreign banks; Russia is pushing this process a step further with its announcement that $40 billion in debt, scheduled for repayment over 18 months, will be 'stretched out' and paid over three to five years; probable devaluations of ruble over so long a period raises odds that foreign lenders, which include Chase Manhattan and Bank of America, will not be fully repaid in dollars (M)
The bank is worried that the Cititrust unit, which employs about 150 people, might be found in violation of ''fire wall'' regulations that outline the kinds of products and services that can be offered by banks, brokerage and other financial firms, according to a Citigroup official who spoke on condition of anonymity.
Micron is reported to be willing to pay only $2 billion, however, for the seven Hynix plants that produce memory chips.
A federal jury in Portland, Ore., found Wal-Mart Stores, the world's largest retailer, guilty yesterday of forcing its employees to work unpaid overtime in the first of 40 such lawsuits to go to trial.
Settling charges brought by the Federal Trade Commission, Microsoft acknowledged yesterday that it had not properly protected the privacy and security of people who provided personal information through the company's online identification services.
General Motors' North American operations move closer to being shut down completely, as strikes at two Michigan parts factories force company to idle 13,000 more workers and partly close host of other parts and assembly plants; combined work stoppages have sent 63,100 workers home and closed more than 40 assembly and parts factories in US, Mexico and Canada (S)
In addition to intensifying its focus on Target Stores, its star performer, the sale means ''they don't have nearly as much debt anymore,'' Ms. Kozloff said.
''Had Xerox reported its revenues and earnings consistent with its accounting in earlier years,'' the complaint said, ''Xerox would have failed to meet Wall Street earnings per share expectations in 11 of 12 quarters in 1997-1999.''
Goldman Sachs defended its record, pointing out that it had exceeded its benchmarks in a very tough market.
Java's Universality Is a Threat to Microsoft
The firing of Mr. Sears, 52, and Ms. Druyun, 56, resulted from that internal inquiry, said John Dern, a Boeing spokesman.
But the spots will not mention the many changes that Ford has made to reduce the risks that the Explorer will roll over or kill other motorists in crashes.
The bill that passed the House Commerce Committee contained a provision, considered essential by AT&T, that would not allow the Bell into long-distance service unless it faced a "facilities based" competitor in the local telephone market offering services that were comparable in features, scope and price.
Last year, Communities in Schools raised $90,000 through its online auction without the help of eBay.
''Our customer acquisition costs would be low to none, given Amazon's traffic.''
Yahoo was taken to court by the French Union of Jewish Students and an antiracism group, the International League Against Racism and Anti-Semitism, which is based in Paris.
The company's predicament reminds some of the problems the Apple Macintosh faces in trying to compete against Microsoft Windows.
''This is a preview of Microsoft's arguments on appeal,'' noted Andrew I. Gavil, a professor at the Howard University law school.
Jonathan Macey, professor of law at Cornell University, said, ''General Electric was probably not legally obligated to disclose the details'' of his package.
Ammirati Puris Lintas unit of Interpublic Group of Companies will soon lose crucial ad assignment from Compaq Computer Corp to DDB Needham Worldwide unit of Omnicom Group (S)
TRY to reach customer service at Amazon.com to fix a problem with an order and you will encounter one of the most prominent and frustrating aspects of the Internet era: a world devoid of humans.
The bottler, Coca-Cola Beverages, attributed the 5 percent decline in volume, measured in cases sold, to severe economic problems in Russia, the Kosovo conflict, the company's recent bottled-water recalls in Poland and bad publicity from Coca-Cola beverage recalls in Belgium and France, which were handled by a different bottler.
''Investors are worried there may be another shoe to drop,'' said Wendy C. Nicholson, an analyst at Salomon Smith Barney who downgraded Procter to ''hold'' more than a year ago.
For years, Time Warner executives have proposed just such an alliance, but Comcast has rebuffed them many times, arguing it could build its own Web portal.
No Explanation on Payment As Yet by Morgan Stanley
But licenses and acquisitions are expensive and risky, and Pfizer's recent history of deal-making has been less than spectacular.
And Time Warner, which now has long-term deals with all of the major networks, will not have to worry about losing ABC for some time.
Reports from technology consultants who have worked with early versions of Conroe indicate that it does in fact give Intel a big lead in performance, particularly the version used in machines aimed at serious video game fans.
For years, Palm has stood by, gnashing its teeth and losing market share, as corporate tech buyers lived and breathed the credo, ''Nobody ever got fired for buying Microsoft.''
If filed as planned, the suit would be the second front in the Federal Government's assault on Wintel, as the personal computer juggernaut built around the Microsoft Corporation's Windows operating system and Intel's microprocessors is known in industry parlance.
''The Microsoft statement is nothing new,'' the Justice Department said in a statement today.
Pfizer Says 1999 Trials Revealed Risks With Celebrex
According to unsuccessful bidders, the Raytheon Corporation in Lexington, Mass., and the Kellogg, Brown & Root unit of the Halliburton Corporation in Houston have received a $30 million contract from the Defense Threat Reduction Agency to dismantle and neutralize any chemical or nuclear weapons found in the region.
And despite the widespread attention, it has been difficult to assess the actual damage from the attacks, starting on Feb. 7 against Yahoo.
Many companies have stubbornly and successfully stuck with their conglomerate structures; most diversified companies, following General Electric Co model, stress only businesses where they can be top players, selling off other units; try to keep balance sheets clean, avoid purchases that dilute earnings and buy back stock with excess cash when they lack attractive acquisition targets; tables; photos (L)
When Apple issued its warning, its chief executive, Steven P. Jobs, described it as ''a speed bump.''
The layoffs, which will be concentrated in Burlington, Vt., and Fishkill, N.Y., come in addition to about 4,500 job cuts I.B.M.
Missing in the document, though, is any reference to Intel's own industry-leading Pentium family of microprocessors.
Rather, Mr. Chase called on America Online to stop its efforts to block Microsoft's software.
''The danger to Boeing is that its enemies in Washington will use this and take advantage of it,'' he said.
National Transportationm Safety Board officils say preliminary review of information from cockpit voice recorder of Egyptair Boeing 767, which crashed into Atlantic off Nantucket Island shortly after leaving Kennedy International Airport on November 1, offers no indication of criminal activity in cockpit (M)
Carnival's Holland America had to cancel several sailings of its Rotterdam VI last fall when the ship was delivered six weeks late, while the 2,600-passenger Grand Princess, owned by the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company, had to delay its maiden voyage 12 days this May.
Among other attempts to impeach Dr. Tevanian's testimony, Mr. Edelman suggested that Apple brought a threat of its own to the negotiations last year, saying that it would file a $1.2 billion lawsuit contending that Microsoft had infringed on Apple patents.
But a federal law enforcement official who asked not to be identified said tonight that the teenage hacker, who goes by the nickname Coolio,  was not a suspect in last month's attacks on Yahoo, eBay and other major e-commerce Web sites.
On Monday, PeopleSoft urged its shareholders to retain their stock, arguing that the Oracle bid was likely to be blocked by antitrust regulators in both the United States and Europe.
Although this Court has now concluded that Microsoft's design of Windows violated Section 1 of the Sherman Act, the Court acknowledged that the Court of Appeals and a number of other courts have articulated a different standard for ''technological tying.''
The unusual corporate takeover battle began in June 2003, when Oracle made the first of four hostile offers for PeopleSoft, a maker of financial and human resources software.
More workers thought that subcontracting work to outsiders posed a greater threat to their jobs than did competition from Airbus Industrie, the European consortium that, other than Boeing, is the world's only remaining maker of large passenger jets.
With Intel's 266-megahertz Pentium II at $775, analysts say Motorola has succeeded in beating its rival in terms of price and performance, at least for now.
But when asked whether it was possible that CBS News might fill the position before Mr. Couric's contract runs out, Mr. McManus hesitated before saying, ''I have no timetable.''
I.B.M., Oracle, Sun Microsystems and six other companies submitted a formal complaint to the European Commission on Wednesday, claiming that Microsoft continues to abuse its dominant position in the software market in spite of a 2004 European antitrust ruling against it.
They say that consumers  were also hurt by a lack of choice and the suppression of innovative alternatives to Microsoft's products.
The problem was not the basic nature of the arrangements by the two companies, which produced a lot of reported income for Amazon even though cash was going out Amazon's door, never to return.
A Microsoft official called that view unfair.
Investors are worried that Verizon will not be able to sign up enough customers to justify the network's multibillion-dollar price tag.
The Belgian health official said that once Coca-Cola had begun to recall its products in Belgium, several people called an emergency center to say that for ''one or two months'' they had detected strange smells from some new vending machines installed by Coke.
But in the five Vioxx court cases in which juries have reached decisions so far, Merck has lost three times -- twice in cases in which the heart attack victim had taken the drug for fewer than 18 months.
Microsoft, a company that once disdained Washington lobbying, now embraces it with the fervor of a convert.
He added that the views were his alone and not those of Goldman Sachs.
Federal Judge Ronald M Whyte denies two motions to dismiss prosecution of Russian software company ElcomSoft charged with violating digital copyright law, clearing way for trial; rules that Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 is neither unconstitutionally vague nor violation of free speech, as lawyers for ElcomSoft had argued; federal government has charged that ElcomSoft with violating act for selling program that allowed people to disable encryption software from Adobe Systems that used to protect protect electronic books; case drew attention after ElcomSoft employee Dmitri Sklyarov was arrested at computer hackers convention in July (S)
Calls for boycotts of Adobe products have sprung up across the Web.
Morgan Stanley, which merged with Dean Witter two years ago, also worried about the difficulty of tackling another large merger now.
Gerard R. Roche, the senior chairman of Heidrick & Struggles who helped bring Mr. Nardelli to Home Depot, has adjusted some of the advice he now gives boards.
For despite its skill at turning out one of the most complex machines ever invented, Boeing has not changed its basic approach to building airplanes since it was stamping out thousands of B-17 and B-29 bombers during World War II.
A Microsoft competitor in this market, Sun Microsystems, complained to the European Commission in 1998 that it was unable to compete fairly with Microsoft because it did not have the necessary information about Windows to make its products work properly with Windows on individual computers.
Prospects are dim for future of Pfizer Inc's drug Celebrex if doctors stop prescribing it in volume they have in recent years; Dr Jason Faller, chief of arthritis clinic at Roosevelt Hospital in New York, says about 25 percent of clinic's patients take Celebrex, but predicts that number will probably fall to about 5 percent; Pfizer, under pressure from Food and Drug Administration, says it will suspend all consumer advertising for Celebrex, but has no plans to discontinue selling drug because there is no evidence it is unsafe at lower doses or for shorter periods; shares of Pfizer fall nearly 6 percent after plunging 11 percent on Dec 17; some investors say sell-off appears to have gone too far, particularly because FDA has not said it would order drug withdrawnl; photo (M)
Motorola had warned Wall Street in February that the quarter was unfolding in disappointing fashion, with both the cellular phone business and semiconductor operations posting poorer-than-expected results.
Mr. Kleynhans said it was misleading to draw an industry conclusion from the combined warnings of Dell, Intel and Apple, which he said were each dealing with different factors.
Critics complain that Wal-Mart's average wage of $9.68 an hour is too low to support a family and that only half of its workers receive health insurance from the company.
Correction of Nov 16 article on influence of business and philanthropy on school admissions: William H Heyman is no longer Citigroup executive
Steven P. Jobs, the co-founder and chief executive of Apple Computer, is not a happy man at the moment.
President Bush entered the argument last Friday, telling reporters in Texas, ''We believe that the subsidies for Airbus are unfair to U.S. companies such as Boeing.''
The many connections among Home Depot's directors cause some critics to ask whether the nominating committee is failing in finding truly ''independent'' board members.
The revenue totals were buoyed by a big acquisition and a weak dollar, while the profit comparison was enhanced by cuts in I.B.M.
Microsoft has been held accountable for its illegal conduct by a court of law.''
Because of an editing error, an article in Business Day on Friday about Bank of America's conversion of Fleet branches in New York misstated Citigroup's ranking among operators of bank branches in the New York area.
Marriott Companies in Settlement Of Lawsuit Brought by Investors
Adding to the legal tangle, it now faces several shareholder lawsuits that seek to link the Merck stock slide to the Medco accounting disclosures.
A.T.& T., he said, "appears to have made no serious attempt" to address the fundamental competitive questions raised by the deal and was therefore not entitled to a modification of the antitrust agreement.
''Oracle's unsolicited offer for PeopleSoft will only destroy value for our companies' shareholders, customers and employees and the technology community overall,'' Bob Dutkowsky, the chairman and chief executive of J. D. Edwards, said in a statement about the decision to sue Oracle.
By deciding not to call several company executives who were previously on its list of witnesses, Microsoft appears to have blocked the states from using a dozen documents that might have bolstered their case.
While Goldman's main problem last quarter was a big loss it took on the sale of stock for a corporate client, Morgan Stanley's biggest worry was holding on to its share of a smaller investment banking pie.
Correction:  February 16, 2000, Wednesday  An article yesterday about the investigation of the crash of an Alaska Airlines plane last month misidentified the manufacturer of the jackscrew, the part that has come under scrutiny.
France and the Netherlands have loosened an earlier ban, limiting it to sales of cans of Coca-Cola, Fanta and Sprite shipped through Belgium, but Luxembourg is barring all Coca-Cola products.
In regular trading, shares of Nike rose 17 cents, to $49.17, but they fell as low as $40.30 after hours.
Visto, a maker of software for wireless e-mail, filed a patent lawsuit yesterday seeking to block the sale and operation of an e-mail service developed by Microsoft.
MICROSOFT ON TRIAL: THE NEW THREAT
Given those rules, Citigroup's trades left rivals irate.
On Sunday, under pressure from the F.D.A., Pfizer said it would suspend all consumer advertising for Celebrex.
The judge hearing the case, Federico A. Moreno of Federal District Court, ruled last month that the lawyers who represent health plan subscribers could proceed with claims of fraud under the Racketeering Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act against Aetna, Cigna and United Healthcare.
The authors of the study, which was financed by Merck, theorized that the results reflected naproxen's protective effect against heart problems rather than risks posed by Vioxx.
Carver said he started calling cancer specialists in the middle of last week and telling them about the new Aetna policy.
In all, 47 crew members were fired in the five years, according to Carnival's records.
Goodyear said most of the errors were tied to the company's North American tire and engineered product businesses.
Neither, I suspect, has Comcast.
''Not only are you cutting yourself off from Bank of America -- they'll never talk to you again -- but it also scares off other management.''
Because occupants in sport utility vehicles and pickups suffer slightly fewer injuries in accidents, Farmers offers them a lower rate for this coverage in Pennsylvania and Progressive does so nationwide.
But many bankers fear that Wal-Mart will eventually open traditional consumer banks that accept deposits and dispense loans.
After that, the lawyers said, Mr. Luethke used the payment as a hook to demand much more money, arguing that without a formal business relationship, the payment could get Morgan Stanley into trouble.
Testimony during the second week of trial in the consumer class-action lawsuit in Minnesota has revealed some embarrassing internal documents from Microsoft which were not disclosed in the bitter 1997 federal antitrust lawsuit that focused on the company's attempt to control the browser markets in the 1990's.
The problem for Web sites like Yahoo and hundreds of others is that little of the marketers' money and effort involves advertising on Web sites.
Microsoft has three options in the Comcast-Disney takeover fight: play the savior, the banker or stay on the sidelines.
Apple Inc., the computer and consumer electronics company, said Thursday that the introduction of the new version of its flagship Macintosh OSX operating system would be delayed as much as four months because of quality issues.
Some investors have expressed doubt that the new pact's estimated cost of $600 million will be more than made up for through increased productivity, as Philip M. Condit, Boeing's chairman, has said.
For months, they have called for restructuring Microsoft or its products, though they were not necessarily focused on the operating system.
Comcast would have to persuade AT&T's shareholders to reject the company's plan to issue a tracking stock for the cable operation as a precursor to the unit's full spinoff.
News of the losses, and concern about other lurking credit problems, caused the shares of First Union and Bank of America to fall over the last two days.
''Allstate used to be the best place I ever worked,'' said Ron Harper, an agent in Thomson, Ga., who stayed on but joined in the complaint to the employment commission and the latest suit.
The bottler had made Venezuela one of the few holdouts against Coca-Cola's international market domination.
But in contrast to Microsoft's adaptation to the Internet, General Magic ignored it to focus on its own proprietary network and software products.
Class action suit charges Wal-Mart violated federal racketeering laws by conspiring with cleaning contractors to cheat immigrant janitors out of overtime pay; seeks to represent thousands of workers, who it says earned $325 to $500 for working seven nights a week, usually for 56 hours or more per week; Wal-Mart has repeatedly said its executives did not know about use of illegal immigrants or failure to pay time and a half for overtime (M)
''Today's complaint brings to the European Commission's attention anticompetitive Microsoft practices in a growing number of areas,'' said Simon Awde, chairman of the European Committee for Interoperable Systems, a trade association representing the nine companies that filed the complaint.
Johnson & Johnson agreed last year to pay up to $90 million to settle lawsuits that eventually involved claims that 300 people died and as many as 16,000 were injured from taking Propulsid.
But Kevin Murphy, an analyst at Morgan Stanley, warned that ''if things don't pick up by midyear, the losses for the first quarter could end up becoming losses for the entire year.''
As investors voice their discontent with Disney, and as its stock continues to rise, ''Comcast may have set in motion a battle that may leave it behind,'' said Craig Moffett, an analyst at Sanford Bernstein & Company.
Both physicians said they believed that if Merck had run the study they had proposed the issue of Vioxx's risks might have been settled earlier.
In a one-hour test flight today, a mostly empty Boeing 747-400 took off from Dulles International Airport and made a 300-mile loop around Virginia, as technicians in the main cabin read computer displays that measured the air in the tank.
For instance, sales of the Merck drug, Vasotec, a blood pressure treatment that lost its patent protection last year, fell 44 percent, to $330 million, in the fourth quarter.
Merck acknowledges that Vioxx increases heart attack risks when it is taken for more than 18 consecutive months but says that the drug has not been proven to increase risk when it is used for shorter periods.
Study by IBM and Watchfire finds majority of nation's large banks, insurance companies and other financial institutions collect personal information on Web sites that are not properly protected from online identity thieves (S)
As the world's largest retailer, Wal-Mart has become the target of dozens of lawsuits regarding off-the-clock work and other employment practices.
Two participants in a discontinued clinical drug trial have sued Amgen, demanding that it resume giving them an experimental treatment for Parkinson's disease that they say helped them immensely but that the company says is ineffective and potentially dangerous.
Jos Antonio Fernndez, chairman of Coca-Cola Femsa, said today that he was unruffled by the economic turmoil in the new markets his company is acquiring.
While Bill Gates, chairman of Microsoft, defended the company against charges of monopolistic practices before Congress this week, legislators in Mexico City prepared their own attack against a new agreement by Microsoft and the Mexican government that could drive millions of new Internet users into Microsoft's waiting arms by the end of the year.
He said that Microsoft had bluntly described this demand as ''knifing the baby.''
There is a risk that Aranesp could cannibalize some of Amgen's own Epogen sales, but some analysts doubt that this will happen.
In the United States, Citigroup was hampered by a Federal Reserve ban on major acquisitions.
''The big guns behind eBay are trying to weaken the power of a patent and lessen the ability of a patent holder to obtain an injunction.''
In all, Microsoft said today that it had distributed about two million copies of the more seriously flawed Outlook 98 program and millions more of Outlook Express.
Officials said the problems affected every plant and every device made by Boston Scientific, whose best-selling product is the Taxus drug-coated stent that doctors use to keep coronary arteries propped open after blockages are removed.
In addition to lowering the rating on Nassau's $2.7 billion in long-term bonds, Moody's lowered Nassau's short-term credit rating from the highest to the second of three rating levels.
Interpublic, the world's third-largest agency company, said it might also have to delay releasing data for the second quarter, as well as postpone its annual meeting, typically held in May, until audited financial reports are available.
The task force also cited Coke's compensation policies, which now include a common review process for pay increases, a uniform rating scale and performance-ratings guidelines.
This week, lawyers for plaintiffs will move away from presenting evidence that Merck hid Vioxx's risks, and instead focus on the link between Vioxx and Mr. Ernst's death.
In an escalating battle of the books, Amazon.com Inc., the on-line retailer, cut the prices on best-selling books by 50 percent yesterday, a move that was matched hours later by its Internet rivals, Barnesandnoble.com and Borders.com, all of whom will almost certainly lose money on the bargain sales.
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter has yet to offer full explanation or provide supporting invoices or tax documents that would show that $10,000 payment to police informant involved in arrest of former employee Christian Curry was made for legitimate business purpose; discrimination lawsuit filed by Curry cites payment as evidence that Morgan Stanley conspired to entrap him after his lawyer let firm know that they were contemplating discrimination suit; photo (M)
The Adobe reader can be downloaded at no cost from www.adobe.com or the online retailer Barnesandnoble.com, which also sells books in the format.
In his order, the judge wrote that ''while Morgan Stanley is entitled to resolve its dispute with an employee by offering her a financial settlement, it is not entitled by thus settling to eliminate the employee as a witness if she is called by a government agency in an investigation or litigation of possible illegal conduct on its part, any more than an accused criminal can foreclose a government investigation or keep his victim off the witness stand by offering compensation to that victim.''
An early media-player leader, Real Networks, is under pressure from Microsoft, just as the commercial pioneer of the browser market, Netscape, was then.
A Struggling Adobe Rejects Bid by Quark
The worst performers, including Exxon, G.E.
EVER since McDonald's introduced ''I'm lovin' it'' as its first global advertising theme last September, some people have wondered whether the message would fail, suggesting that anything from cold fries to sluggish service could undermine its authority.
When Federated Department Stores, the parent company to chains including Macy's and Bloomingdale's, opened its prototype of the department store of the future, a Bon March in Helena, Wash., in November, it looked suspiciously like a Kohl's.
VeriSign Inc's deal with Icann extending at least through 2007 its control of database that stores Internet's .com addresses is raising concerns among rivals and critics, who say company may have unfair edge in increasingly lucrative market for reselling Internet addresses; deal lets VeriSign keep its separate business of registering and selling Internet addresses; people who have tried to register expired domain names say process is unnecessarily vague, spurring speculation that VeriSign holds onto expired names for longer than necessary; photos (M)
''Darn it, we've got good benefits here at General Motors,'' he said, adding that he could stand some cuts but was worried about the effect of cuts on retirees not as financially secure as he is.
Several union members said the vote was tainted, asserting that union leaders had misled workers by telling them that the mediator had ordered, rather than invited, the two sides to meet again and that Boeing had refused.
''Amazon lists only 8,301 'software programs' under its productivity software categories,'' Mr. McKenzie writes in his paper, titled ''Microsoft's Applications Barrier to Entry: The Missing 70,000 Programs.''
When Stephen M. Case, the chief executive of America Online, called Gerald M. Levin, chief executive of Time Warner last October to suggest a merger, it was not clear that they would have much to talk about.
European Commission says European antitrust regulators are united behind antitrust official Mario Monti on his proposed finding that Microsoft abused its dominant position in software market; commission will rule as soon as March 24 that Microsoft is abusive monopolist and will order company to change way it sells its software in its 15 member nations (M)
Mr. Sohn said that Microsoft had no current plans to create its own competing advertising network.
Merck's stock, since falling to a nine-year low of $25.50 in October 2005, has risen almost 40 percent, as investors grow more confident that its Vioxx-related liabilities might total only a few billion dollars -- instead of the $50 billion or more that some analysts had predicted last fall.
Boeing vice president Michael I Mott defends reports by company's engineers, which concluded that space shuttle Columbia faced no catastrophic safety threat from damage caused by debris that struck its left wing during takeoff from Cape Canaveral on January 15; findings are under intense scrutiny by NASA and investigation board probing breakup of spacecraft on February 2 during reentry into earth's atmosphere; reports used computer modeling techniques to predict area of impact and potential damage to protective heat-resistant tiles; have been criticized by outside experts as incomplete and based on questionable assumptions (M)
Morgan Stanley has said that Mr. Curry was dismissed for abusing his expense account.
And the Aetna case, well, that data was stored on backup tapes that were in a lockbox, which thieves lifted -- along with DVD players, cash and other items --in a routine burglary.
But Boeing engineers say that the system cuts the amount of time that the tank is combustible to less than 3 percent, compared with 20 percent or 30 percent today.
At Pfizer, the Isolation Increases for a Whistle-Blower
BAE Systems's North American unit reportedly weighs bid for TRW, satellite and missile contractor, move that could spur bidding war with Northrop Grumman Corp; seeks to convince Pentagon that it operates independently of its British parent (M)
Mr. Shapiro replied that he did, but added, ''That does not, in my view, do enough to restore competition to the degree called for in this case, given Microsoft's illegal acts.''
Howell was a line attorney at Apple who prepared documents at the request of her superiors'' and that ''at no time did she act alone, or without direction from Apple management.''
Would the country that devised the Messerschmitt and the V-2 missile have been unable to devise the necessary means to slaughter millions of victims without I.B.M.
Mr. Reed of Verizon noted that the consultant used by the compensation committee did not certify board actions, ''but its perspective -- which board members may or may not agree with -- is one of many inputs considered before the board reaches its independent decision.''
The billionaire investor Kirk Kerkorian sold another big chunk of his General Motors stock on Thursday -- and in fact, may have dumped the rest of his shares in a late trade.
According to the complaint, filed in January, Whole Foods told Grimaud Farms last fall to stop processing and distributing Sonoma's ducks and foie gras or the grocer would no longer do business with the company.
Brazil, once Xerox's hottest growth market, has serious economic trouble.
The signal doesn't reach my Apple iBook in our room, but it does reach my daughter's I.B.M.
Although Adobe has modified many of its programs to take advantage of the Internet, and many are used to create Web sites, analysts said the company had run into difficulty exploiting the transition to electronic publishing.
Delta Air Lines and Northwest Airlines report steep first-quarter losses, while JetBlue Airways posts modest profit; JetBlue earned only $7 million in quarter, less than half profit it made during same period last year; Delta lost $1.07 billion in quarter, nearly triple amount it lost year ago; Northwest lost $458 million, almost twice as much as in year-earlier period; Alaska Airlines reports loss of $80.5 million, almost twice what it lost year ago (M)
But after news of the offer leaked yesterday, family members representing a majority of the company's votes quickly voiced their opposition.
Documents from lawsuits against Johnson & Johnson show that the company did not conduct safety studies urged by federal regulators and their own consultants that could have revealed Propulsid's danger early on.
Mr. Scott also said that when Wal-Mart came under attack, ''where appropriate, we will compromise.''
Their complaint will most likely accuse Intel of withholding key technical information about the company's chips from computer makers with which Intel is involved in disputes.
He said Cisco did not have a ''religious position on dividends'' and would continue to monitor the issue in light of President Bush's proposal to cut taxes on dividends.
European regulators tell General Electric Co that its last-minute effort to revive its proposed acquisition of Honeywell International will not be enough, sounding death knell for $45 billion deal; GE is not expected to come back with new proposal (M)
During a lengthy telephone interview on Friday, Mr. Bahr accused Verizon Wireless, a joint venture owned 55 percent by Verizon and 45 percent by the Vodafone Group of Britain, of ''vicious, antiunion conduct,'' adding that the company's pleas for cooperation seem ''kind of contradictory, hearing all that they're saying now against the union.''
Senate Permanent subcommittee on Investigations issues report concluding that former Chilean dictator Gen Augusto Pinochet was able to move millions of dollars through more than 125 bank accounts held in US; report shows that money-laundering scandal that initially focused on Riggs Bank has broadened to involve at least eight other institutions; says both Riggs and Citigroup had ties to Pinochet dating back more than two decades, with accounts totaling at least $9 million held by members of his family, close associates or by him personally (M)
By the end of the decade, the magnitude of Monsanto's error in abandoning its slow, velvet-glove strategy of the 1980's was apparent.
Verizon, for its part, was cautious about its expansion into the Wi-Fi market.
Their plan is to depict what they and a growing number of critics perceive to be Wal-Mart's sins against society: unfair competition and erosion of the fabric of communities; exploitation of its American workers, and of the government welfare programs many rely on to supplement their wages and benefits; union busting; reliance on suppliers with sweatshops overseas; and environmental negligence -- among others.
FirstEnergy pointed yesterday to suggestions that there were problems outside its system before its own problems began, involving three transmission lines it owned and a fourth it jointly owned with American Electric Power.
Should the judge find Microsoft guilty and impose a remedy, the company will certainly appeal.
Mr. Wertz and other Wal-Mart executives said the instances of off-the-clock work were isolated.
To restrict Boeing's ability to transfer work and jobs overseas, the union has made an unusual demand, proposing a ratio in which the minimum number of machinists working for Boeing would rise and fall with the company's revenue or airplane orders.
Floyd Morris comment on downturn in US economy says Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan musst cut interest rates substantially, starting before economic statistics confirm weakness that is being telegraphed by stock market; holds tax cuts can also help, but it should be understood that projections of huge budget surpluses are based in part of government revenues inflated by taxes on bubble-related income, particularly stock options; notes sign of difficulties came this week from Microsoft Corp, which plans to cut costs and raise salaries; graph (M)
In its suit, A.M.D., based in Sunnyvale, Calif., contends that its share of x86 unit sales peaked in 2001 at 20.8 percent and then declined to 15.8 percent by 2004 despite its technical advances, because of Intel's unfair business practices.
managers lied to them is a fabrication, concocted by the plaintiffs after they learned about the legal efforts of other I.B.M.
Government is seeking to limit Intel Corp's 'monopolistic practices' at time when company is facing its greatest level of competition in more than decade; Microsoft Corp has faced just one serious challenge in operating system market, but Intel has faced phalanx of foes over years; analysts say market has already rendered obsolete whatever anticompetitive tactics Intel may have employed in past; but antitrust suit might cause Intel to behave in less aggressive manner than it would have, and in fiercely contested microprocessor market, any perceived weakness in Intel is perceived benefit for its competitors (M)
In a related consolidation, P.& G. will drop from its agency roster Arnold McGrath in New York, part of the Arnold Worldwide Partners division of Havas, which had Procter billings estimated at $65 million.
it asks, then lists 14 ways Microsoft could hurt Compaq, including ''selection and elevation of other'' computer manufacturers ''as leaders.''
Boeing Co and Air Force are struggling to salvage deal to lease as many as 100 tanker planes; Defense Department has come back with revised proposal to lease 74 planes and buy other 26 after leaders of Senate Armed Services Committee last month criticized $21 billion deal to lease 100 planes; deal's detractors, particularly Sen John McCain, are still critical of its terms, despite Defense Department's assertion that new proposal is cheaper; main hurdle is unexpected opposition from Senate Armed Services Committee; photo (M)
The Microsoft Corporation argued in court today that it had every right to tell Apple Computer last year that it would stop producing word processors and other software for Macintosh computers unless Apple adopted Microsoft's Internet browser as the default choice on all its computers.
General Motors, the world's largest automaker, took steps on Thursday to mitigate problems both under the hood and in its financial reports.
''We're continuing to work hard with Judge Posner,'' said William H. Neukom, Microsoft's general counsel.
As a result, Xerox took advantage of its bank loan, which was meant merely as backup financing for its short-term debt.
Founded as a French-German joint venture in 1970 that soon added the British and the Spanish, Airbus was a quixotic attempt to compete with the American aerospace industry, which had been dominated since World War II by Boeing, McDonnell Douglas and Lockheed.
is accusing the General Motors Corporation of spending billions of dollars on factories in developing countries while failing to invest in aging American factories.
Of the 1,048 Boeing 747's delivered by Nov. 30 of this year, all but 81 are still in service; of those 81, about a third have been scrapped, a third are ''parked,'' meaning that they could be returned to service if economic conditions made it worthwhile, and a third are ''hull losses,'' an industry term meaning heavily damaged or destroyed in accidents.
And he was blindsided by the economy's downturn, its damaging effect on Honeywell's business and that company's desperation to complete the deal.
Watchdog Group Is Suing Cheney And Halliburton
Planned $2.26 billion sale of Burger King is scuttled after its parent Diageo PLC acknowledges that group of financiers--Texas Pacific Group, Goldman Sachs & Co and Bain Capital--that had agreed to acquire it backs out of deal; Warren E Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway is taking serious look at possible offer; photo (M)
After losing that high-margin relationship, Amazon spent heavily to enhance its selection and its business partnerships with toy companies and other retailers.
If Motorola had stayed with its traditional accounting system, it would have reported a loss of $533 million, or 24 cents a share, for the quarter.
Judge Jackson ruled on April 3 that Microsoft was in wide violation of the nation's antitrust laws.
Microsoft Ignores Woes As It Looks to Future
If all goes as planned, Sea Launch will fire into space six Zenits a year, though Mr. Albaugh of Boeing said the pace could be quickened to eight.
Although the Lower Manhattan community board voted against the plan, Goldman Sachs said it decided not to proceed with the complex project strictly for business reasons.
Asked if Microsoft thwarted the Sun Microsystems Java software technologies -- behavior that the appeals court had found illegal -- Mr. Gates seemed to keep his company several arm's lengths from the action, replying in part, ''There's the discussions with Intel where there's violations found where Java has some element of those violations.''
James R. Cantalupo, the chairman and chief executive of McDonald's who came out of retirement to turn around the company last year, died unexpectedly yesterday morning, apparently of a heart attack.
Sony BMG Music Entertainment, which struck the deal with Starbucks, also plans to release ''The Bootleg Series Volume 7: No Direction Home'' on Columbia/Legacy Recordings.
Yesterday, Moody's Investors Service said it might lower its rating on Pfizer's bonds, which are currently graded at Aaa, the highest possible.
Demand Off, Boeing to Stop Making MD-11
The challenges facing Interpublic loom large as the agency company, along with its peers, struggle to avoid slipping into recession.
Tobacco is tarnishing Kraft Foods as investors grow fearful that company may have to provide cash to its parent, renamed Altria Group, to cover tobacco litigation bills; recent concern springs from Illinois case in which jury found Philip Morris USA guilty of deceiving smokers about potency of its light cigarettes; state judge on March 21 ordered Philip Morris to pay $10.1 billion and post $12 billion bond while it appeals verdict; shares of Altria have lost 14.5 percent of their value since verdict; Kraft stock has fallen only 8.4 percent; rout in Kraft bonds began on March 27 and has caused far more damage; Moody's Investors Service lowers its rating on Kraft securities by one notch, to A3, at same time it lowers ratings of Altria (M)
In yet another example of how rising interest rates can devastate seemingly low-risk activities, the Mellon Bank Corporation said yesterday that it would take a $130 million after-tax loss to bail out customers of its securities lending division for investments gone awry.
In addition to the deal that Gran Centenario has with ''Sweet Charity,'' which is now in previews and is scheduled to open May 4, the Hormel Foods Corporation, which makes Spam canned meat, has endorsed the musical ''Monty Python's Spamalot.''
The announcement comes less than a week after Symantec, a longtime Microsoft partner, filed suit against the company, claiming that it violated the terms of a licensing agreement with Veritas, which Symantec acquired last year.
Eleven shareholder suits have been filed since July, accusing Xerox directors of lax oversight in Mexico.
''I don't think we are physically losing our ability to write with a pen and pencil, but I do see changes,'' said Edie Adams, manager of hardware user research for Microsoft.
Intel, Motorola and Texas Instruments report earnings that meet or slightly exceed Wall Street's expectations; Intel says net income was $915 million, down from $936 million year earlier; revenue fell slightly, to $6.75 billion from $6.78 billion; president-chief operating officer Paul S Ottelini and chief financial officer Andrew Bryant comment; Motorola reports income of $169 million on revenue of $6.04 billion, down 2 percent from sales in period year earlier, when company lost $449 million; chairman-chief executive Christopher B Galvin comments; Texas Instruments earned $117 million on revenue of $2.19 billion, compared with net loss of $38 million year ago; sales were about 20 percent ahead of year ago and slightly above expectations (M)
A short time later, responding to Microsoft's complaints, the judge remarked: ''I ask you if forfeiture is not a traditional, equitable remedy.''
In making the deal, Vornado agreed to assume some potential liability in the lawsuit that Mr. Trump filed against these partners in August 2005, after they sold the development, known variously as Riverside South and Trump Place, to the Extell Development Company and the Carlyle Group, for $1.76 billion.
The new accounting approach allows Motorola to exclude charges related to the difference between the book value of acquired companies and the higher price Motorola paid for them.
Another drug company, Bristol-Myers Squibb, suffered a 3 percent drop in its stock yesterday after its earnings fell short of Wall Street forecasts and it reported that the excess inventories of its products at wholesalers were higher than it had estimated.
Citigroup shares fall 10 percent as Prudential Financial analyst Michael L Mayo downgrades stock on growing concerns about bank's potential losses in Latin America and its liabilities related to Enron Corp and WorldCom Inc; Mayo releases report estimating legal and regulatory liabilities of $10 billion for Citigroup as result of its business with WorldCom and Enron along with other corporate scandals; House committee investigating ties between executives at Citigroup and WorldCom release more documents after disclosures last week that Salomon Smith Barney, unit of Citigroup, allocated big portions of initial stock offerings to WorldCom's top executives; newest documents include e-mail message forwarded by Salomon's former top telecommunications analyst Jack B Grubman to WorldCom executive saying that Salomon strategist was cutting WorldCom stock from firm's recommendation list though Grubman continued to rate it highly (Market Place column) (M)
Microsoft to Change Distribution of Vulnerable Software
Microsoft's lawyers are expected to cite Mr. Cornish in their arguments at the hearing as well, said Ian Forrester, a partner with the law firm White & Case, who will present Microsoft's case.
So no, the new Kodak doesn't run away with the crown in every department.
But the nine states that did not join in the proposed settlement argue that it will not prevent Microsoft from using similar tactics to fend off new competitors to its operating system -- and that many of the strongest contenders for the present and future look much different from those of the past.
But that business has come under increasing competitive pressure from Microsoft, which has bundled printing and file management capabilities, along with other features, into its Windows operating system for servers.
Analysts said that investors were worried that Pfizer might be paying too much for Pharmacia and were disappointed by its second-quarter sales, which it released yesterday, and by news that the third quarter may also fail to live up to expectations.
But when Gap announced that Mr. Drexler was resigning as chief executive and it was searching for a replacement, the company was clear: merchandising experience was a low priority.
Since 1992, the year Mr. Walton -- known as Mr. Sam -- died, Wal-Mart has had to make its way without the founder and visionary who turned a single five-and-dime into a retailing megalith.
There has been virtually no overlap in the provision of local telephone service from SBC in the West and Southwest, Verizon in the East, Qwest in the Midwest and BellSouth in the South.
But Mr. Pressler yesterday called analysts' concerns about Gap's fourth quarter, and beyond, nonsense.
The trade publication Adweek, in a report this week, said that Digitas's lack of profitability was one of several ''sticking points'' that remained as Digitas and Interpublic executives negotiated a deal.
Moody's Investors Service has lowered its outlook on the the company to negative from stable.
With Gap's board weighing the sale of the troubled company, Mr. Pressler's departure clears the way for potential buyers to install their own chief executive.
He argues that it was unethical for Mr. Spano, as County Clerk, to take a trip to Orlando, Fla., that was paid for by I.B.M., a major supplier to the county.
This strike began on Sept. 2, causing Boeing to proceed with what it calls an ''orderly shutdown'' of its commercial aircraft production.
Semiconductor Equipment and Materials International predicts semiconductor equipment makers will see their industry decline by more than third in 2001 and will not surpass last year's sales levels until 2004; Applied Materials, world's largest equipment maker, warns that it sees no immediate end to slowdown; association's forecast drags down Philadelphia Semiconductor Index 6 percent and indicates chip-making equipment industry is mired in its deepest slump ever (M)
But Microsoft and the government also agreed they would not bring up Microsoft's complaints about the conduct of the trial, or the trial judge's comments about Micrsoft in interviews published after the trial ended.
John Whitacre resigns as chairman and chief executive of Nordstrom Inc and Michael A Stein resigns as chief financial officer; two members of Nordstrom family, which controls roughly one-third of company's stock, are named to top executive positions; Blake Nordstrom is named president and Bruce Nordstrom will be chairman of board (M)
And it isn't poised for a solid rebound yet, according to an industry survey to be released tomorrow by Meeting Professionals International, a trade group, and American Express.
And AT&T would not have full flexibility in deciding when to try to mount such a sale.
Apple Computer sharply criticized RealNetworks, the maker of media-playing software, on Thursday, saying it was investigating the legal implications of RealNetworks's decision to sell songs in Apple's music format.
After Crash Course, Judge Must Solve Microsoft Case
When the Delaware jury hearing Johnson & Johnson's patent complaint concluded on June 21 that Boston Scientific was at fault, investors had apparently anticipated the result so thoroughly that Boston Scientific's shares edged slightly higher and Johnson & Johnson's fell slightly.
It had tin roofs and lots of airy spaces, and was very isolated; you could barely see the land on the other side of the Amazon River.
Fitch does not allow companies that pay it to rate the creditworthiness of their debt to suggest changes in its reports, unlike Moody's and S.& P.
Minutes later, Oracle's spokesman, Jim Finn, said: ''We have just heard of this lawsuit.
These analysts, Dana Telsey of Bear, Stearns, Guy Moszkowski of Salomon Smith Barney, Laura C. Conigliaro of Goldman, Sachs, Richard Bilotti of Morgan Stanley and Richard Bernstein of Merrill Lynch, do not expect the companies to approach their past highs -- by most accounts, 2003 will be a difficult year for the markets as a whole.
Goldman Sachs Group Inc reports surprisingly strong earnings in its first full year as public company, striking reversal from year ago when fallout from Russia's economic problems forced firm to postpone plans for its initial public offering of stock; Goldman earned $638 million in its fiscal third quarter ended Aug 27; net revenue was $3.41 billion, down from $3.47 billion in second quarter but up from $2.14 billion in third quarter of 1998; total revenue was $6.44 billion, up from $6.36 billion in previous quarter and $5.74 billion a year earlier; chief financial officer David Viniar comments (M)
But Texas Instruments' other major sector, sensors and controls, continued to lag and the company announced plans to cut 1,250 jobs.
The people said that Mr. Bijur had initiated the discussions with Chevron last summer when crude oil prices plunged to about $14 a barrel.
But the Justice Department and 19 states suing the Microsoft Corporation face an uphill struggle to confirm that allegation.
Novell was left for dead years ago, another casualty of Microsoft's hegemony over computer operating systems.
Pfizer has said that it would sell the drug for the pulmonary disease in a different form from the blue Viagra pill and under a different name, to avoid mistaken prescriptions.
Gap Inc chief executive Paul S Pressler acknowledges that fashion assortment at $6.5 billion Old Navy chain has not been quite fresh enough this fall; weakness at Old Navy could be trouble for Gap because division represents 40 percent of company's annual $16 billion in sales; photo (M)
Netscape and Java failed to evolve into viable alternatives to Windows almost entirely because of factors unrelated to Microsoft's unlawful acts, Dr. Murphy argued.
His decision also comes as Coca-Cola is facing a racial-discrimination lawsuit brought by four black employees in April.
One indication of their more aggressive approach came yesterday when an I.B.M.
Several industry analysts have predicted that the loss of subscribers to some of the six major carriers -- Nextel, Verizon Wireless, T-Mobile, AT&T Wireless, Sprint PCS and Cingular Wireless -- could turn the weaker providers into acquisition targets now that customers can more easily vote with their feet.
Michael J Castelli, former comptroller who was appointed chief administrative officer and senior vice president at American International Group in January, is put on leave amid sweeping investigation into company's accounting (M)
The new offer is part of an increasingly contentious tug of war between Verizon and Qwest, two of the four remaining regional Bell telephone companies.
With General Motors on the threshold of losing the title of the world's largest automaker, this symbolic blow to American pride may set off protectionist sentiment against Japan.
Analysis of surprise resignations of Robert A Daly and Terry Semel as Warner Brothers co-chairmen; departure of lavishly compensated executives marks generational change; will give Time Warner Inc chairman Gerald M Levin far more control over unit (M)
Bristol-Myers Squibb will pay $150 million to settle Securities and Exchange Commission accusations that company improperly inflated its sales and earnings in series of accounting frauds; SEC says it will still pursue inquiry that could result in civil fraud charges against individuals; settlement does not resolve Justice Department criminal probe into same accounting practices that could bring criminal charges against Bristol-Myers or its employees; company agrees to SEC settlement without admitting or denying any liability (M)
Mr. Roth's reference was to his assuming the duties of chief executive in January, when he became the third man with that title since Interpublic found the first of its financial problems in August 2002.
A late Wednesday warning from the Intel Corporation that it would fail to meet Wall Street earnings expectations unnerved investors yesterday.
The information is being withheld, Mr. Dooner said in a conference call, because of the delay in completing an investigation started three months ago to determine the charges that would be required to rectify accounting irregularities at the European operations of the McCann-Erickson World Group, Interpublic's largest division.
Under its new chief executive, Ed Zander, Motorola has also cut development costs and the time it takes to introduce new phones.
So Mr. Salop advocated ''a hybrid remedy'' -- exactly the same proposal Mr. Litan offered for dividing the company into four parts.He rejected the idea long favored by the states of forcing Microsoft to auction the source code for Windows so that other companies could use it to develop competing operating systems.
The war room, which is part of a larger Wal-Mart effort to portray itself as more worker-friendly and environmentally conscious, runs counter to the philosophy of the chain's founder, Sam Walton.
The company has been deluged with shareholder lawsuits asserting that top executives deliberately soft-pedaled the problems to prop up Boeing's share price before the $16.3 billion acquisition of the McDonnell Douglas Corporation in August.
Alan R. Mulally, the president of Boeing's commercial aircraft division and a gleeful warrior in the battle with Airbus, sounded almost mournful when he was asked about the A380 at a briefing on Sunday.
Confidential report prepared for senior executives at Wal-Mart Stores concludes that chain's traditional strengths--its reputation for discounts, its all-in-one shopping format and its enormous selection--works against company as it tries to move upscale; says chain is not seen as smart choice for clothing, home decor, electronics, prescriptions and groceries, categories retailer has identified as priorities as it tries to turn around its slipping store sales; document, prepared in October 2006 by company's former advertising agency GSD&M and based on interviews with scores of consumers, offers candid, wide-ranging explanation for why Wal-Mart has stumbled badly when it comes to higher-end merchandise; photos (M)
But even they acknowledge that Mr. Jager, a tough-minded executive, underestimated just how much Procter's investors would punish his move to turn one of the world's largest consumer products companies into a pharmaceutical concern.
Patty Smith, a spokeswoman for Amazon.com, tried to put things in perspective: ''You are worried people will know you are looking to see if your books are moving up in rank?
Because of the higher fees, for accountants and lawyers, Interpublic executives warned during an hour-long conference call that they might not reach their goal of raising operating margins to match those of rivals like the Omnicom Group, the largest agency company, and the WPP Group, which is No.2.
The idea was to draw attention to a news report that there were still 63,000 ''bugs'' in the Microsoft program when it shipped to customers -- even though the Microsoft executive in charge of Windows 2000, James Allchin, had sent an open letter to customers earlier in the week denying the report.
Two other Interpublic agencies are losing Burger King assignments.
Late in June, Adobe Systems filed a complaint with the F.B.I.
A Ford memorandum dated April 4, 1996, also released by Mr. Tauzin, said that Ford had ''challenged Goodyear to become price competitive'' on five tire models, although it was not clear if these included the Explorer tires.
Mr. Webb said Mr. Kertzman made public statements two years ago advocating that Microsoft be broken up.
More troubling, said Sean McGowan, an analyst with Gerard Klauer Mattison, is Mattel's history of failing to meet financial expectations.
''It is better and more profit-enhancing for Verizon to steal AT&T and MCI's customers than to buy them quickly,'' Mr. Cleland said.
Kodak Warns Of Weak Sales; Stock Drops
A discrimination lawsuit filed Wednesday by Christian Curry, the former employee, cites the payment as evidence that Morgan Stanley conspired to entrap him after his lawyer let the firm know that they were contemplating the discrimination suit.
All four have faded badly, though, while Microsoft and I.B.M.
Shareholders of AMR Corp, parent company of American Airlines, rejects at annual meeting two proposals aimed at setting controls on executive pay; Allied Pilots Association had sponsored resolution to give stockholders advisory vote on executive compensation each year; votes representing about 59 percent of AMR's shares go against proposal; second resolution that is defeated would have required that 75 percent of stock options or restricted stock awards given to executives be based on performance; third proposal, to change way votes for directors are cast, is rejected; only stockholder-sponsored resolution to pass, with 54 percent in favor, concerns special shareholder meeting; photo (M)
But internal Microsoft electronic-mail messages released this week by the Justice Department seem to cast doubt on these defense arguments.
The dispute began last month when Microsoft introduced a clone of the AOL Instant Messenger program, which permits computer users to chat over the Internet with other computer users.
In her case, Ms. Greenwald says Mattel fired her because she blew the whistle on what she considered accounting irregularities at the company.
Chinese Political Prisoner Sues in U.S. Court, Saying Yahoo Helped Identify Dissidents
Mr. Toulouse of Microsoft disagreed, saying ''We don't just produce a fix, we produce a comprehensive fix.''
Apple's financial performance did little to counter Wall Street's lingering skepticism about the company.
Moreover, that ruling followed weeks of damaging testimony in the trial of the Government's antitrust lawsuit against Microsoft, which has seen a parade of Government witnesses accuse the software giant of systematically using its control of the Windows operating system to defeat its competition.
With that move, Time Warner angered its customers, raised concerns among federal lawmakers about its pending merger with America Online and gave Disney a rare chance to publicly play the role of the victim.
A year later, when Mr. Coughlin was accused of misusing more than $500,000 in company funds through fraudulent reimbursements, the union project became the heart of his defense, and it immediately transformed the case into a symbol of anti-unionism on the part of Wal-Mart.
With the Learning Company deal, Mattel would have $1 billion in software sales and an edge in electronic products over Hasbro Inc., the No.
Were Verizon to reacquire control of Genuity, it would also have to consolidate Genuity's $3 billion in debt and its annual losses -- $4 billion last year -- into its own financial statements.
AMD has vowed to keep its chip prices 25 percent below Intel's, so when Intel cuts prices, AMD cuts prices.
For example, when an Aeroperu Boeing 757 crashed soon after takeoff from Lima in 1996, the voice recorder captured the pilots' desperate conversation.
The withdrawal is another sign that Wal-Mart's power in brick-and-mortar retailing does not extend easily into the online world.
Both publicly, and in private comments, Citigroup executives painted a picture of lax oversight in Japan that allowed aggressive private bankers to ignore regulations to pursue a profit-at-any-cost sales strategy.
Mr. Eckert, 45, takes the position left by Jill E. Barad, who resigned in February after failing to turn around a troubled software company that Mattel bought for $3.8 billion a year ago.
Such a performance has prompted Morgan Stanley's critics, as well as senior employees within the firm, to question why Mr. Schaefer, who has presided over the unit for five years, is still running the business.
For Netscape, the introduction of version 6.0 of Microsofts browser about a year ago ''was sort of the straw that broke the camel's back,'' said Geoff Johnston, vice president for product marketing for StatMarket.
Durk I Jager resigns as chief executive at Procter & Gamble as the consumer products company announces it will incur another disappointing quarter; company says earnings per share for fourth quarter ending June 30 will be about the same as year earlier, rather than 15 to 17 percent higher as company had estimated; Procter is likely to earn $4.23 billion before one-time charges, up only slightly from $4.15 billion last year; Procter's board names Alan G Lafley to succeed Jager; Lafley says in hindsight that Procter 'changed much too fast' in its effort to remake itself into more aggressive company; Procter stock price graph, 1999-2000; Lafley photo (M)
Intel executives are expected to dispute the blacklisting charges and say there was nothing wrong with withholding chip technology from Intergraph, Compaq and Digital.
In an interview earlier this month, Verizon's chief executive, Ivan G. Seidenberg, acknowledged that investors had grown restless with his company, which for years faced few rivals in the phone business.
He was referring to a controversial speech by Mr. Ivester to industry executives in 1994, when Mr. Ivester likened competitors to ''parasites'' and ''sheep,'' in contrast to executives, including those from Coca-Cola, who were ''wolves.''
In printers, Lexmark International and Hewlett -- both companies with which Kodak has had unsuccessful joint ventures -- continue to churn out new versions of photo-capable printers.
Reversing the government's strategy in the landmark antitrust case against Microsoft, the Bush administration announced today that it would no longer seek a breakup of the company.
Although no contract had been signed, they had ardently celebrated the assignment as a sign that comeback efforts at Interpublic, plagued by account losses and accounting irregularities, were bearing fruit.
By mid-June, Time Warner took the company off the block.
''I am doing away with any perceived conflicts, and this will also give me more time to commit to Citigroup,'' Mr. Weill said in an interview yesterday.
Union Pacific says there is no need to continue the emergency order or impose any other rules.
The focus of the dispute has been the exclusive supply arrangements, which Boeing has struck with three United States airlines.
In the center of activity for the South Korean labor movement, the Daewoo Motor plant in Inchon, the news that General Motors had submitted a formal takeover proposal for Daewoo today became a challenge and a rallying cry.
Two days before issuing its second-quarter results, the Halliburton Company warned investors yesterday that it would have to take several one-time charges that will result in a loss for the quarter.
By contrast even Apple's biggest fanboys concede that ''Macintosh gaming'' is practically an oxymoron.
The European competition commissioner, Neelie Kroes, wrote to Microsoft's chief executive, Steven A. Ballmer, in March outlining her concerns that some new features in Vista would breach the same antitrust laws that Windows XP, a current version of Microsoft's operating system, was found to have violated two years ago.
When Ms. Druyun's conflicts with Boeing became known in 2003, the chief executive then, Philip M. Condit, who was also cited in these documents, resigned.
Cisco Systems and some of its executives plan to donate $40 million in cash, equipment and services to install wireless Internet access and other high-tech services in Gulf Coast schools damaged by Hurricane Katrina, the chief executive, John T. Chambers, said yesterday.
Lately, it's been hard to tell what kind of company Wal-Mart plans to become.
Microsoft had asked Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly of United States District Court here to dismiss the case, arguing that individual states did not have the right to seek penalties that would apply to the whole country.
Abbott Laboratories tried to acquire Alza in 1999, but the companies abandoned the deal after the Federal Trade Commission expressed concern about the potential monopoly they might have had in sales of drugs for prostate cancer.
But Wal-Mart said it would closely track shoplifters it did not have arrested, and would ask that they be prosecuted after a second incident.
chairman, challenged the chairman of AOL, Stephen M. Case, and the chief executive of Time Warner, Gerald M. Levin, to provide details about when the cable systems would begin carrying the services of other Internet providers.
But Merck argues that Dr. Araneta should not be allowed to testify because Mr. Lanier did not list her as a potential witness and did properly give notice to Merck's lawyers of his plans to call her.
''It's very hard to imagine a quid pro quo,'' Lewis E. Platt, the chairman of Boeing, said in an interview.
Moody's, like most other budget-watchers, argues that the state appears to be counting on a continued bull market, despite the historic volatility of financial markets and the possibility of a recession over the next five years.
But at Wal-Mart, the thinking appears to have been that Wal-Mart was right and the plaintiffs were wrong.
Microsoft is planning to make a software ''patch'' available on its Web site to correct the problem.
If Corning goes bankrupt before then, the preferred holders are supposed to get the dividends immediately.
Alcatel had warned investors that a downgrade might be coming; in a statement last week, it confirmed that both Moody's and Standard & Poor's had it on a negative credit watch.
As John F. Welch Jr., General Electric's chief executive, wrote last month to shareholders, ''A company that bets its future on its people must remove that lower 10 percent, and keep removing it every year -- always raising the bar of performance and increasing the quality of its leadership.''
''When you lose your files, you lose a piece of yourself,'' said James Druckrey, the senior vice president in charge of Seagate's branding efforts.
The Boeing Company said yesterday that the economic downturn in Asia was forcing it to scale back production of many  passenger jets beginning next year and to cut more jobs over the next two years -- perhaps as many as 20,000 -- than it had indicated in June.
Qwest Communications made a sweetened $8 billion bid for MCI yesterday, potentially igniting a bidding war with rival Verizon Communications.
EBay, the Internet auction giant, has scored at least a temporary victory over the mounting pressures facing its business.
It has stuck to that position even though Verizon, the biggest local phone company -- which has most of its customers along the East Coast -- lost a major lawsuit this year against the recording industry.
Associates First Capital, one of nation's largest consumer lenders, is charged by federal regulators with routinely deceiving customers, tricking them into costly loan refinancings and purchases of expensive 'credit insurance' that generates fees for company but often is of little benefit to borrowers; Federal Trade Commission, acting against what it calls predatory lending, sues Associates and its owner, Citigroup, in Federal District Court after FTC and Citigroup officials fail to agree on settlement; commission wants ruling that will prohibit Associates from misleading borrowers, and is also seeking to force companies to pay hundrededs of millions of dollars in compensation to consumers hurt by company's wrongdoing (M)
Google, well aware of this threat, hired a Microsoft product manager last year to oversee the Puffin project as part of its strategy to compete with Microsoft's incursion into its territory.
The finding was significant because the Navigator, a large luxury S.U.V., has been marketed by the Ford Motor Company as a vehicle redesigned in ways that made it less dangerous to passenger car occupants in two-vehicle collisions.
Distributors who are accustomed to selling Coca-Cola products -- which have a 43.9 percent market share in the United States -- but are troubled by the presence of Coca-Cola Enterprises as a rival say that they cannot simply switch to selling other brands: their investments, market demand and other competition prevent it.
U.S. and Microsoft Argue in Court Whether Judge Is Being Defied
Such a high premium led some analysts to criticize the deal, and State Street's stock closed down $4.67, or 6.5 percent, at $67.08, on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday.
In one of the deal's oddities, America Online has been one of the few Internet companies to report a profit, but the acquisition of Time Warner will cause it to lose money for years.
Most legal experts who have followed the trial expect that Microsoft will be found to have violated antitrust laws.
In New York, for instance, if SBC-AT&T wanted to compete for a contract, it would still have to pay Verizon to use its network tail.
Merck's indication that it may consider settling some cases comes less than a week after a jury in Angleton, Tex., found the company liable for the death of Robert C. Ernst, a 59-year-old man who died in his bed in 2001 after taking Vioxx for eight months.
Judge Rules Against Intel In a Lawsuit
Instead, the move was a recognition that power-sharing at the top of Citigroup was failing badly and was a poor way to manage a complex, global corporation still experiencing thorny internal turf wars spawned by the merger.
The action came after Morgan Stanley failed to comply with a subpoena from the Federal commission that sought data on its promotion and compensation policies.
I.B.M., NCR and Hitachi have all denied having knowledge of any bribes paid to Mr. Zhang.
Black, president of the Computer and Communications Industry Association, which backs Microsoft's corporate adversaries.
At the end of July, Nordstrom warned that earnings would fall short of forecasts and the stock plunged.
The dispute has centered on how much Time Warner will pay for Disney's Toon, Soap and Disney cable channels.
Cash-balance pension plans have generated several lawsuits, but the I.B.M.
Many companies working to recover from terror attacks in New York are getting offers of help from competitors; Citigroup gives $15 million to fund to scholarship fund for victims' children (M)
The third strike against American International Group came most recently when the S.E.C.
A former Democratic New York attorney general, Robert Abrams, now with the law firm of Stroock & Stroock & Lavan, is representing H&R Block in this case.
The authority refused, and yesterday morning it decided to end its talks with Vornado and to reopen negotiations with the second place bidder, Silverstein Properties.
Loss at Micron Technology Much Steeper Than Expected
Mr. Bovey compares the current internecine warfare at Morgan Stanley to a similar pitched battle at Lehman Brothers in the mid-1980's, when rival factions of bankers and traders fought for control of the firm.
The Minnesota case was one of the last remaining class-action lawsuits that Microsoft had been unable to settle earlier.
Several analysts recalled a mid-December meeting with General Electric's chairman, John F. Welch Jr., and Dennis D. Dammerman, chairman of GE Capital Services, at which the two executives acknowledged that Montgomery Ward would lose $227 million after taxes this year.
Interpublic has a leading executive recruiting firm, which was not identified, seeking a successor to Salvatore LaGreca, the vice chairman and chief financial officer at McCann, who announced last month that he would leave in early 2003.
Chambers also said that Cisco is experiencing some of the problems that come with explosive growth.
A spokesman for Pfizer in New York, Paul Ewing, said McCann was selected in the review because the agency ''brought unique insights to the table,'' centered on ''the obstacles that prevent men with erectile dysfunction from seeing their doctors and if appropriate trying Viagra'' as well as ''what motivates them to take action.''
Meanwhile, Bell Atlantic said it would proceed with its effort in New York, where it is arguing that AT&T's role as a dominant equipment supplier gives AT&T the ability to damage cellular rivals that use its equipment.
As is typical in such settlements, Citigroup denied that it violated any laws and said it agreed to the arrangement to eliminate the uncertainties, burden and expense of litigation.
Microsoft violated antitrust law on two counts, according to the draft ruling.
and Microsoft and in the face of difficult economic conditions, formally introduced the next generation of its own database software today.
Aetna reports second-quarter operating loss of $95.9 million, compared with year-earlier operating profit of $36.4 million; predicts losses will continue into next year; puts net income, including one-time gains and charges, at $10.6 million, down from $186.6 million; photo (M)
Yahoo says about one third of its shareholders voted against re-election of one or more company directors; vote against some directors had been recommended by three Wall Street advisory firms who complained about what they described as excessive executive pay; Yahoo shareholders reject approximately 2-to-1 proposal that would have tied executive compensation to competitive performance; also reject proposals to establish committee to oversee Yahoo's human rights practices and to require company to fight censorship and protect freedom of access to Internet in countries with repressive regimes (M)
One former media executive who requested anonymity saw Mr. Murdoch's absence from the meeting as a sign that he was still displeased with Mr. Malone for buying voting shares of the News Corporation without telling Mr. Murdoch.
Publishing industry executives said that some big discount retailers, including Wal-Mart Stores, objected to the higher price of the new paperbacks and ordered smaller-than-normal volumes of the books because of doubts whether their customers would buy as many.
Apple Computer and IBM, in showdown that could portend final blow to shaky personal computing alliance between two companies, plan to try renegotiating license fees for Apple's Macintosh operating system software; Apple has shown signs lately of regretting decision two years ago to let various other companies clone its Macintosh computers; has proposed raising Macintosh license fees as much as tenfold, in an attempt to slow clones' erosion of Apple's own sales (L)
Boeing, the world's biggest aerospace company and the country's leading exporter, said it would cut production of the 747 jumbo jet by 30 percent early next year rather than the 20 percent reduction it had hinted at two weeks ago.
In recent years, partly in reaction to the lawsuit, Microsoft has taken several major steps to change its employment policies.
Several well-known feminists, including Gloria Steinem, Eleanor Smeal and actress Melba Moore, demonstrate outside Rockefeller Center headquarters of Time-Warner Inc against album that contains lyrics they attack as degrading to women; album, The Fat of the Land, by British group the Prodigy, is distributed by Warner Brothers; protesters' request to meet with Time Warner chairman Gerald M Levin is turned down (M)
Over the last year, Mr. Barbaro has written dozens of articles about Wal-Mart, including some that were based on internal company documents that were given to him by union-financed groups that were critical of Wal-Mart's business practices.
But there was considerable skepticism at the outset about what Apple was doing.
For one thing, the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit removed her predecessor on the case, Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson, for misconduct, threw out his order to break up Microsoft and overturned large parts of his ruling, which held Microsoft liable for several additional antitrust violations.
Ford Motor's Legs Are Wobbly Under Finance Unit's Debt Load
But analysts and other experts said yesterday that those oil companies, like Chevron and Phillips, that did not find partners despite a recent wave of mergers in the industry, were under less pressure to snare a mate since the recent recovery in crude oil prices.
Aon has said that an internal investigation turned up no evidence of bid-rigging.
filed civil allegations of fraudulent accounting against Xerox last year, and the company, without admitting or denying the allegations, chose to accept an injunction against further violations and pay a $10 million fine.
South Korea's Finance Min Jen Nyum says talks for sale of bankrupt Daewoo Motor to General Motors are in final stage (S)
In May, a federal judge created the largest workplace-bias lawsuit in history by extending a discrimination complaint brought by several female Wal-Mart employees to about 1.6 million current and former employees.
Less than 10 percent of Intel's work force is typically lost to attrition each year.
In the past, Microsoft has made much of divisions between the partners in the lawsuit.
Now, Waste Management is trying to persuade shareholders that its executives are on top of the company's problems.
The announcement, after the close of the market, sent Motorola stock sharply lower in after-hours trading.
Ms. Mulcahy recalled that she worried that Xerox's ''big corporate culture'' could stifle the Tektronix technology and people and kept the business separately managed.
Microsoft Corp, in another twist in skirmish with America Online over instant messaging, announces that it will release computer protocol to enable subscribers of competing instant-messaging services to communicate with its own customers; Microsoft says move is intended to pave way for communiation among subscribers of handful of major companies offering instant messaging, feature that allows computer users to contact one another instanteously and chat on line; Microsoft has sought to deliver messages from its own subscribers to users of America Online's software without company's permission; America Online has accused Microsoft of hacking into its system to route messages to and from America Online customers (M)
The A.T.& T. venture also highlights the continuing difficulties of trying to manage global networks in foreign countries, whose technical standards and regulations differ.
Because Microsoft could not comply with the restriction, Mr. Gates said that he had concluded it would simply have to stop selling Windows.
Wal-Mart has indicated that the store is not meeting expectations, leading to fears it may be closed.
His complaint was that Microsoft was going to place its new on-line service, Microsoft Network, a direct competitor to America Online, prominently on the desktop screen of Windows 95, which was introduced in August.
Amazon.com's new policy was suddenly seeming much less ominous.
But some analysts suggest that Norfolk Southern never intended to win this fight, merely to set in motion events whereby Conrail is carved up between the two railroads.
European Commission broadens its antitrust investigation of Microsoft Corp, introducing new accusations about company's bundling of its Windows Media Player, and backing up existing concerns about company's practices in server operating systems market with new evidence; complaint does not directly address Microsoft's newest operating system, Windows XP, which was sent to computer manufacturers last week and will begin appearing in new computers in September (M)
Exxon Mobil's reluctance to invest may simply reflect its conviction that the current high oil prices cannot last, that they are sure to come down soon.
Technology column claims Apple Computer Co's opening-day performance at recent Macworld exposition in San Francisco was a disjointed disappointment, indicating that Apple remains a company in chaos; says Apple's emphasis on glitz rather than progress and its lack of discernable marketing message have plagued company over last year; drawing (M)
Focus of Federal Trade Commission's case against Intel Corp will be accusations by Intergraph Corp that Intel, which was sole supplier of chips for Intergraph's work stations, withheld technological data in market that changes quickly, causing serious setback for Intergraph; this led to charges and countercharges of patent infringement, fraud and misappropriation of trade secrets; in wake of falling-out, Intel racked up ever-higher revenues and profits as Intergraph labored under mounting losses; photos; graph (M)
In the fourth quarter, Apple's gross margin was 27 percent, up from 26.6 percent a year ago.
''With this contract, the city does for metal, glass and plastic what it did for paper nearly 10 years ago,'' said Councilman Michael E. McMahon, a Staten Island Democrat and chairman of the Council's waste management committee.
In that case, and given that the death has been ruled a homicide, do the authorities and the airline have a duty to fully inform the public about the circumstances in which 19-year-old Jonathan Burton was beaten, choked and killed aboard Southwest Airlines Flight 1763 from Las Vegas to Salt Lake City on Aug. 11?
These analysts also doubt that Intel's skills as a chip maker give it any edge in running huge data centers.
General Motors saw its car sales slip one-tenth of 1 percent compared with weak car sales in the period last year, while its sales of pickup trucks, vans and sport utility vehicles fell 8.5 percent, which Ronald L. Zarrella, vice president of sales, service and marketing, called disappointing.
Correction:  July 26, 2005, Tuesday  A news analysis article in Business Day yesterday about the trial against Merck over its painkiller Vioxx misstated the month in which Robert Ernst, whose family is suing the drug maker, died.
General Motors and Ford were hurt the most, with G.M.
That episode initiated a chain of events resulting in the firing of Boeing's chief financial officer, Michael M. Sears, and the resignation of its chief executive, Philip M. Condit.
The decision was a victory for the Ford Motor Company and provided vindication for its claim that tread separation problems in Firestone tires, not in the Explorer, led to a higher than normal rate of fatal rollovers in the vehicles.
But it is unclear from Boeing and the engineers union just how long the strike will continue.
Intergraph and Intel were involved in a patent dispute.
Cisco is now the No.
Cisco's accusations against Huawei brought into the limelight a company long used to the low-key ways of its founder and president, Ren Zhengfei.
The deal was the latest in a struggle for dominance in the worldwide brokerage business between Marsh and its chief rival, the Aon Corporation of Chicago.
Chances of settlement between Microsoft Corp and European antitrust regulators dim significantly, as Europe's antitrust chief Mario Monti demands further concessions from Microsoft as price of settlement; Monti meets with Microsoft's chief executive Steven A Ballmer and Microsoft's chief lawyer Bradford L Smith without reaching agreement (M)
and Microsoft, yet database sales are under pressure and are growing far less quickly than a year ago, said Erik B. Upin, an industry analyst with Robertson Stephens.
But even skeptics recall that Mr. McCaw was considered a borderline lunatic when he borrowed billions during the 1980's to build McCaw Cellular Systems -- only to seem crazy like a fox when AT&T bought his company for $10 billion in 1994.
Raytheon Co announces it has agreed to acquire military businesses of Hughes Electronics Corp from General Motors Corp for equivalent of $9.5 billion; complex deal calls for Raytheon to assume $4.4 billion in debt that will be issued as part of transaction and to pay $5.1 billion in form of newly issued stock; new company will produce air-to-air missiles, antitank weapons, ground and air radar, communications systems and sonar and mine-hunting equipment; transaction is expected to result in hundreds of layoffs at combined Raytheon and Hughes companies, whose stated aim is to become more efficient competitor for shrinking number of weapons contracts; combined companies have $21 billion in revenues and 127,000 employees; deal requires approvals from Justice Dept and Pentagon; this is one of last major takeovers in weapons industry; it will complete remarkably fast transformation of one of America's largest industries; just four years ago, Clinton Administration decided to ease restrictions against merger of big weapons companies in face of expected long-term decline in military budgets following end of cold war; chart (L)
If Netscape rejected the deal, Mr. Kaiser said in the E-mail, ''Microsoft would crush them.''
Intel Corp lowers prices on its Pentium II microprocessors for desktop computers by 12 percent to 20 percent; Intel also introduces faster version of its low-end Celeron processor and drops price of older, slower model by 32 percent; graph shows recent price declines for microchips (M)
''It's hard to see what else Micron could get out of a deal with Hynix,'' Mr. Norwood said.
Yesterday, Intel introduced a major new version of Itanium, its chip for high-end computers that, since its release five years ago, has been largely a disappointment.
Benedict P. Morelli, Mr. Curry's lawyer, has said that Morgan Stanley's assertion of expense account abuses is a cover for the real reasons -- racism and homophobia -- that the firm dismissed Mr. Curry.
Meanwhile, Pfizer has just finished entering 13,000 patients in a trial that will last five years to determine whether the combination pill lowers the number of heart attacks and strokes.
But competitors say the most significant impact could be on Microsoft if it fails.
The Microsoft Corporation will unveil today its own system for selling Web advertising as it struggles to compete with Google and Yahoo in the expanding Web search business.
As part of its regular price adjustments, Intel on Sunday cut wholesale prices of its Celeron microprocessors by as much as 19 percent and for its Pentium III processors by up to 11 percent.
Many Web sites and several news services picked up the report, and Microsoft's public relations team shifted swiftly into gear for damage control and denial.
Raytheon, which has eliminated thousands of jobs in the last two years, seems to be following the pattern set by Lockheed Martin Corporation, which suffered setbacks and earnings disappointments as it sought to digest acquisitions.
After spending more than a year trying to figure out what sort of video programming Internet users will pay for, Yahoo is set to introduce its first subscription video service.
Mr. Lanier also criticized Merck's marketing of Vioxx, saying that the company had trained its salespeople to avoid questions about Vioxx's potential heart risks.
They will soon be joined by a dozen other companies worldwide,  including I.B.M., U S West and Bell Canada, which see a large opportunity where  AT&T failed.
In one of the investigations, a private detective was found to have filed false reports, which were submitted by lawyers for Coca-Cola Enterprises to the court as evidence that B. K. Miller was violating the Soft Drink Inter-Brand Competition Act, a 1980 law intended to protect small bottlers.
Shares of Yahoo fell to their lowest level in nearly two years in after-hours trading yesterday as it reported weak revenue from Internet search advertising in the second quarter and a delay in a critical project that is meant to increase search revenue.
General Electric Co says third-quarter earnings rose 3 percent over same period last year, despite huge insurance losses related to Sept 11 terrorist attacks; without those losses increase would have been 16 percent; GE vows to generate double-digit earnings growth this year and next; company earned $3.28 billion, up from $3.18 billion year ago; revenues for quarter were $29.4 billion, down 8 percent from $32 billion year earlier; chairman Jeffrey R Immelt comments; photo (M)
Patti Reali, a principal telecommunications analyst for Gartner Dataquest, a research firm, said yesterday that ''you can't discount the chance that News Corp will want to pick up with G.M.
Motorola Posted Income Drop Of 58.5% in Third Quarter
Microsoft replies that those allegations are based on a fundamental misunderstanding of what occurred at the meeting.
Procter's announcement put Warner-Lambert in the same spot it was in a week ago -- seeking another suitor or being forced into the arms of a partner it was less than thrilled with.
The commission would sue Morgan Stanley on behalf of Ms. Schieffelin, who was fired in October from a job that had paid her more than $1 million annually, and any other women it might identify as having been in a similar situation, the Morgan Stanley executive said.
Just last week, Bell Atlantic sued AT&T in New Jersey, accusing it of deceptive promotions on such calls -- a charge AT&T denies.
A good part of Mr. Harris's testimony dealt with the exclusionary contract Microsoft forced Intuit to sign so that Microsoft would include a link to Quicken's Web site on the ''channel bar.''
The problem is that, so far, Verizon and BellSouth do not appear to be biting.
Paragraph 4.b also addresses the Court's conclusion that Microsoft violated Section 1 of the Sherman Act by tying Internet Explorer to Windows.
Before its deal with Time Warner, America Online complained that the cable systems were blocking it from offering high-speed Internet access over cable wires.
While breaking up the company appears to be off the table, several ideas that go beyond simply trying to modify Microsoft's behavior are under serious discussion.
Until now, administration officials said, White House officials have had no involvement in the Microsoft case.
This autumn's recall of Firestone light truck tires led to the Ford Motor Company's first quarterly drop in operating income in four years and has prompted Bridgestone/Firestone to undertake a broad reorganization, with Japanese executives taking control of key operations, the companies announced today.
Peter Hoffman, the chef and owner of Savoy in SoHo, who does not serve Chilean sea bass, said Whole Foods was sending a confusing message.
John Boyd, the president of Con Edison Solutions, said in an interview yesterday that it was difficult to cut electric rates significantly because utilities had already been providing power inexpensively.
Floyd Norris column on whether Airbus' A380 jetliner will be bust for company; says unscientific poll of frequent fliers shows significant hostility to A380, plane few have seen; says there is widespread doubt that airlines will choose spacious 550-seat version that Airbus is publicizing, rather than opt for one with something closer to 800 seats; adds there is fear of big delays getting onto and off plane, and at customs; notes Boeing Co's new 787 plane is selling well at Paris Air Show; graph (M)
This attack, embedded in the worm, will cause computers that are still infected and that are connected to the Internet to automatically visit the Microsoft site, in an attempt to create a traffic jam of visitors.
Such a ruse would allow MCI to pay lower charges to the regional Bell companies like Verizon, SBC and BellSouth that complete the delivery of the calls to a home or business.
Pat Kelly, president of Pfizer's American drug division, said that he was painfully aware of polls showing that Americans view drug and cigarette makers similarly.
In the meantime, Interpublic remains on the Standard & Poor's CreditWatch with negative implications and its debt is rated one level above junk.
Under questioning from Mr. McCain, Mr. McNulty said the government was still investigating whether a general with the Air National Guard had been improperly hired by Boeing to work for the company.
Indeed, Kodak recognizes it did many things wrong of late.
The Government then raises the specter of future harm, a distortion of the path of innovation, unless Microsoft is reined in.
Although revenue from its mobile and embedded software -- that is, software for devices other than PC's -- increased last year by 58 percent, to $247 million, over 2003, Microsoft nonetheless lost $224 million in the category last year.
Though the Boeing Company has spent most of the year struggling to keep up with the demand for its commercial airplanes, the company said yesterday that after it increased production of its jets next year it then planned to eliminate 12,000 jobs by the end of 1998.
Mr. Letterman chuckled during his guest's more hyperbolic riffs, but he tried to reason with Mr. Stern when the radio host claimed that Mr. Moonves was a disaster for all of CBS, pointing out that the television division had flourished under Mr. Moonves's stewardship.
In Manhattan, Nynex charges A.T.& T. $9.4 million a year for a local-network connection that costs Nynex only $700,000 to provide.
A separate discrimination lawsuit filed by four black employees at Coke, spearheaded by Johnnie L. Cochran Jr. and Willie E. Gary, a Florida lawyer who specializes in personal-injury cases, is under way in a Georgia state court.
After completing its purchase of McDonnell Douglas for more than $16 billion last August, Boeing announced in November that it would stop making that company's MD-80 and MD-90 passenger jets after next year.
Intel has an unannounced development project under way in Oregon to develop its own 64-bit X86, but analysts have said that the company is holding back on releasing the chip for fear of confusing the market and undercutting its new Itanium family.
A little more than a year ago, Motorola was faltering, losing market share in cellular phones and suffering from a downturn in semiconductor equipment.
''There is no other software that allows you to do this transparently,'' asserted Rene Bonvanie, vice president for marketing at Oracle.
Nike had expected its third quarter to be flat compared with results in the period a year earlier ''because of weakness in our U.S. footwear revenues,'' Philip H. Knight, the chairman and chief executive, said in a statement.
It is that same philosophy, Yahoo officials said, that is spurring them to fight the French order and to resist the urgings of American groups to change its policies.
The Society of Engineering Employees in Aerospace, which struck Boeing for 40 days in 2000, forcing it to delay aircraft development, said it viewed his appointment with ''trepidation.''
Mr. Stern has angrily denied any deception and says his former employer is suing him to distract attention from CBS Radio's straits.
The Eastman Kodak Company warned yesterday that third-quarter sales and earnings could be below expectations, and its stock tumbled in late trading.
General Motors extends its employee discount offers to 2006 models of large sport utility vehicles and pickup trucks; discounts will be in addition to price cuts already made on some models (M)
Motorola, which is based in Schaumburg, Ill., said that its net loss jumped to $2.32 billion, or $1.02 a diluted share, from $759 million a year ago.
Leslie Dach, prominent Democratic operative who advised Pres Bill Clinton during impeachment process,will join Wal-Mart Stores in August as head of public relations and government affairs; appointment indicates that Wal-Mart, which is subject of broad assault from union-backed groups, will push ahead with aggressive political-style response to its critics (M)
So, when engineers at Cummins, a diesel engine maker, first saw the suggested new federal clean-air standards for their engines in the early 1990s, they argued that the standards would be impossible to meet.
Software industry is going through period of consolidation with big mergers; Oracle has announced its acquisition of PeopleSoft for $10.3 billion; Symantec is expected to announce deal to buy Veritas for more than $14 billion in stock; corporate customers are driving new trend; after Internet bubble burst, balance of power in technology marketplace shifted sharply toward corporate customers, and that trend shows no signs of reversing soon; analysts say business buyers want their technology to cost less and be less complicated to use; add software mergers are driven by companies' needs to cut costs and assemble larger bundles of products they can sell to corporate customers (M)
While DaimlerChrysler has a relatively young work force and has been hiring more workers to keep up with demand for its sport utility vehicles and pickup trucks, the Ford Motor Company and particularly the General Motors Corporation have large, older work forces that they have been trying to reduce through attrition.
Makers of Video game consoles report sales that beat goals; Sony says it has shipped one million PlayStation 3 systems since its debut in November; expects to ship six million worldwide by end of March; Microsoft says it shipped 10.4 million units worldwide since its November 2005 introduction, beating its estimate by 400,000; Nintendo declines to disclose number of Wii gaming consoles shipped; photo (M)
While the 500 headquarters jobs that would be moved were primarily nonunion, many people here expressed fears that it was a precursor to a larger scaling back by Boeing.
In March 2004, the commission fined Microsoft 497 million euros (now $633 million), saying the company had abused the dominant position of Windows in the operating-system market to corner related markets for audio and video software and software that runs computer networks.
To stem the losses, I.B.M.
The combined concern, which merges two Dow Jones industrial companies, is expected to take the Honeywell name and have its headquarters in New York, New Jersey or Connecticut, the executives said, though it remains unclear where it will be based.
Residents have complained that ventilation systems I.B.M.
One of Mr. Quattrone's colleagues at Morgan Stanley, Mary Meeker, an analyst who is still there, became famous for her aggressive recommendations of dot-com stocks that rocketed higher and in time flamed out.
In the Microsoft case, some experts caution that Mr. Klein and the antitrust division face several obstacles as they pursue Microsoft, which is only one of a number of companies that they are trying to block from using their formidable power in one market to gain control over another.
That may also explain why the Chinese put a stop to the News Corporation's plan to develop a television channel where it held a 50 percent stake, although the programming would have been locally produced.
Dr. Robert Shulman, a professor at the Baylor College of Medicine and the lead author of the report, said Johnson & Johnson's money had no influence on the group's conclusions, although he said that he regretted that its financial support was not disclosed in the paper.
Union Says Verizon Broke Organizing Accord
Moreover, VeriSign, based in Mountain View, Calif., has been named in several class-action lawsuits.
Investors have not reacted enthusiastically partly because Motorola says the deal will dilute earnings in the first year before bolstering them in later years.
Rep George Miller opens probe of Labor Department's lack of response, after two years, to bid for help from group of former Halliburton employees whose pensions were unexpectedly cut; workers are all long-term employees of Dresser-Rand; Halliburton acquired stake in company in 1998, when Vice Pres Dick Cheney was Halliburton chief executive, and sold it in 2000 to Ingersoll-Rand (S)
In a telephone interview today, Rob Bennett, the director of marketing for Microsoft's Internet service, MSN, confirmed that the author of the message was almost certainly a Microsoft employee, but he said the company had not yet discovered his or her identity.
Criticizes Viagra Ads, Prompting Pfizer to Halt Th
For Boeing, which depends on a steady stream of military contracts for half of its $50 billion in annual revenue, the scandal threatens billions of dollars in business as Senator McCain and others are calling for financial punishment and the breaking  of Air Force contracts with Boeing.
Cisco Systems develops new Internet-based method for marrying frequently incompatible radio gear used by emergency services agencies and businesses; new approach, known as Internet Protocol Interoperability and Collaboration Systems, essentially converts voice traffic on radios and cellphones into data traffic over existing networks (M)
At AT&T, Nerves on Edge but Few Signs of Gloom
''The affected area was not the home for big computing and data centers because the real estate is too expensive, so the stress was on the end points where people use the systems,'' said Todd Gordon, general manager of Business Continuity and Recovery Services for I.B.M.
Merck Suffers a Pair of Setbacks Over Vioxx
By hiring Gary L. Crittenden, Citigroup is hoping that a seasoned chief financial officer will bring the credibility and operational expertise needed to reverse the bank's disappointing performance.
On Friday, Pfizer said that a study had found that high doses of Celebrex taken for long periods were associated with a sharply increased risk of heart attacks.
Rob Fixmer State of the Art column comments on Microsoft's new Media Player 9; used with cable-modem connection, player improves media streaming capabilities; photos; drawing (M)
Microsoft said it would be impossible to test so many versions, and even if it could, that it would cause confusion in the marketplace.
Analysts said, for example, that Aetna officials did not provide current membership totals for Prudential, which lost more than one million members in 11 months from September 30, 1998, to the completion of the deal early last month.
To make the case about large pay disparities, an expert hired by the plaintiffs, Richard Drogin, an emeritus statistics professor at California State University, Hayward, found that full-time women hourly employees working at least 45 weeks at Wal-Mart earned about $1,150, or 6.2 percent, less a year, than men in similar jobs.
Wal-Mart blamed high oil prices yesterday as it reported that in the recent quarter its profits rose at their slowest rate in four years.
Even with the low price of the new iPod, Mr. Gallaugher said that Apple would probably make up the low profit margins from the music player by selling a series of accessories with higher margins.
An Exxon Mobil spokesman said yesterday that the company had not been served with the lawsuit and did not have confirmation that it had been filed.
Phil Donahue's talk show on MSNBC badly trails Fox and CNN in ratings, and Neal Shapiro, president of NBC News, is under pressure from General Electric, NBC parent, to find new personality for cable network; NBC's standing as top-rated broadcast news outlet is found to put it at disadvantage in cable, where viewers want attitude, strong point of view and good dose of showmanship, qualities that are anathema to old-line news organizations; Shapiro and Erik Sorensen, MSNBC's president, are working to find right kind of program for Jesse Ventura, governor of Minnesota and former wrestler; photos (M)
AT&T's Expansion Angers E.D.S.
Norfolk Southern is suing Conrail, which is based in Philadelphia, and CSX in district court in an attempt to block the merger and a hearing is scheduled for Nov. 12.
But as Apple has learned -- most recently with the decision to end production of the lauded but poor-selling G4 Cube -- design may stimulate sales, but it is no substitute.
Other legal thinkers, too, are beginning to consider the global implications of the Yahoo case with respect to hate and terrorist speech on the Internet.
But the chest thumping is particularly loud this year, as the rivalry between Airbus and Boeing in the world's commercial aircraft market comes down to a battle between the A380 and the 7E7.
Microsoft's lawyers had argued that the new evidence, intended to demonstrate that the company pressured and bullied the Intel Corporation, Apple Computer and the Real Networks Corporation, should not be a part of the case since it was not specifically mentioned in the original lawsuits filed by the Justice Department and 20 states on May 18.
Microsoft's spokesman in Brussels, Tom Brookes, said on Thursday that he was unaware of the memo.
Further, they argued, Intel has the right to demand payment in kind for the company's technical information.
Another lawsuit between the companies, over Intel's Itanium chips, is scheduled for trial in Marshall, Tex., on July 1.
suit includes a number of quotes from memos sent by KPMG partners overseas and in Rochester, where Xerox has a large operation, and says KPMG's partners chose to ignore facts set forth in those memos.
The General Motors Corporation today made official its desire to buy the Daewoo Motor Company, but said it was unwilling to assume any of the Korean automaker's $16 billion in debt.
Mr. Dunne doubted that there were filters rooting out Wi-Fi rogues; he suggested that perhaps I had simply been routed to a neighbor who used Verizon, and thus to the blocking page.
Sun executives said the two areas that Microsoft had been stressing -- performance and compatibility with Windows -- were nonissues.
Disney's ESPN network, for example, could more easily squeeze Time Warner Cable for higher fees, while Comcast's cable systems could be more stubborn in haggling with Time Warner's HBO, CNN and TBS.
But taking every case to trial also has risks, as Merck discovered last week when a jury found it liable for the death of a Texas man and ordered it to pay millions in the first Vioxx case to reach trial.
The Eastman Kodak Company, worried that analysts were ignoring the informal cautions it had been sounding about its first quarter, turned up the decibel level yesterday.
In a stinging rebuke to the European Commission, Microsoft insisted Wednesday that it had complied with the commission's antitrust requirements and sharply criticized the way the regulator had conducted its compliance review.
Yesterday's earnings report was the first from Procter since Durk I. Jager abruptly resigned in June as chairman and chief executive.
case, which had been expected after Xerox said last week that it would pay a $10 million fine to settle the dispute, accused the company of faking its numbers from 1997 through 2000.
And then there are the doubting publishers who view Amazon's move as an ominous signal that the David in the competitive Internet book wars is starting to lumber like Goliath.
Intrinsa, which Procter & Gamble developed with Watson Pharmaceuticals, involves a patch, worn on the abdomen, that delivers a steady stream of testosterone.
As the airline industry continues to hemorrhage cash in the wake of last week's terrorist attacks, the Boeing Company said last night that it would lay off 20,000 to 30,000 workers by the end of 2002 because of fewer orders for aircraft.
ImClone Systems is expected to reject demands of Bristol-Myers Squibb to restructure their $2 billion partnership because it would eviscerate profits ImClone would receive from its cancer drug, Erbitux; Bristol-Myers has demanded that ImClone change deal announced last September in which it paid $1 billion for 19.9 percent stake in ImClone and agreed to pay $1 billion more for rights to sell Erbitux; ImClone's application for drug was rejected by Food and Drug Administration in December (M)
Intel, which is based in Santa Clara, Calif., had warned of weakening demand in Europe as early as September.
Mr. Murray, the Microsoft spokesman, said that blocking the release of Windows 98 ''would be costly, disruptive to consumers, destructive to the high-technology industry, and it would undermine the strength and health of the U.S.
The chief executive of a company that makes software for interactive television said today that Microsoft could, and probably would, stifle new software that posed a threat to its computer operating system monopoly unless stiffer restrictions were imposed on its business practices.
Analysts say some of the problems Procter faces will ensnare its rivals sooner or later.
In January, McDonald's recorded its first quarterly loss in the company's history as a publicly traded business.
To avoid grappling with the existing conditions, the Home Depot's designer opted for what he called a neutral look.
Lawyers present vastly different views of software market in closing arguments to Judge Vaughn R Walker in government's suit to block Oracle's proposed hostile takeover of PeopleSoft; Oracle characterizes market broadly, holding it competes with many companies despite widespread consolidation; Justice Department defines market narrowly, holding Oracle, PeopleSoft and SAP compete for largest customers (M)
In a lawsuit filed last fall, the Fox News Channel, part of the News Corporation, accused his firm of using its influence to unfairly benefit Fox News's rival, CNN, a unit of AOL Time Warner.
That deal set off a wave of counteroffers by William Morrison's competitors, leading to a tug of war that ran through the summer among Tesco, J Sainsbury and Asda, which is owned by Wal-Mart Stores.
By today, airlines had already begun the checks, and, except for the two Alaska Airlines planes, there were no immediate reports of problems.
Yahoo currently charges fees for e-mail accounts with extra storage and antispam software, commercial-free Internet radio and video services streamed to consumers' computers.
Brian Foley, an executive compensation expert who operates his own independent consulting firm in White Plains and who does not work for Verizon, analyzed Mr. Seidenberg's pay for this article.
One potential problem with the alliance is that many of the communications carriers that I.B.M.
In a statement yesterday, Coca-Cola executives said that problems along two points in its vast bottling system, which is controlled in Belgium by Coca-Cola Enterprises, Coke's largest bottler, had led to defects in its products.
A Priceline spokesman declined to quantify or characterize his company's booking levels since the attacks, although analysts said they had probably fared no better than at the other online services.
''We don't have any comment or worries about this one,'' a Wal-Mart spokeswoman, Mona Williams, said yesterday in an e-mail message.
With $22 billion in cash and no debt -- and already owning 11 percent of Comcast -- Microsoft found itself in a kingmaker role in the Mediaone bidding.
General Motors Corp, which has been struggling for years to make its cars less boring, hires Anne Asenio, star designer who helped transform Renault from also-ran in European auto industry into one of industry's most feared competitors (M)
That, Microsoft says, is a distorted view of the company and industry environment it inhabits.
TECHNOLOGY  Correction:  December 7, 2001, Friday  An article in Business Day on Monday about Apple Computer's objections to a Microsoft proposal to settle class-action antitrust lawsuits by donating software, computers and expertise to poor schools misstated the surname of an industry analyst at the IDC market research firm, who commented.
Microsoft, in contrast, has made no secret of wanting to establish the Windows 95 and Windows NT operating systems as the dominant platforms for the Internet era, displacing such rivals as Unix, the Macintosh OS and the OS/2 by I.B.M.
"It's shameful that AT&T bought our company and then chose to withdraw funding less than a year later," said S. Jerrold Kaplan, a founder of Go, who left after the software developer was acquired.
Tom Higgins, a senior vice president of Edison International, the parent company of Southern California Edison, said a bankruptcy would be disruptive for customers and for the state's economy.
The sale "makes it look like AT&T is abandoning 3DO but in fact they made that decision a long time ago," said Sean McGowan, an analyst with Gerard Klauer Mattison.
Put another way, it's too bad Microsoft can't separate the ''Windows XP'' part from ''Media Center PC'' part.
The Procter & Gamble Company warned yesterday that its first-quarter results would be weaker than expected because of flat sales in Europe and the financial crisis in Russia.
''The effect of this abusive licensing policy may be to artificially drive customers towards Microsoft server products,'' the commission said.
Merck and federal officials should have withdrawn the painkiller Vioxx from the market as early as 2000 because studies of the drug had clearly shown that it doubled the risk of heart attacks among users, according to a study released yesterday by The Lancet, a British medical journal.
Another AT&T argument is more complicated, with both Microsoft and the government falling afoul of history.
No need for the Justice Department to step in, Microsoft could argue -- we'll mess it up ourselves; trust us.
Both the gifts and alleged affair violate Wal-Mart's ethics policies.
''Things have gotten worse in recent months,'' Mr. Pelletier said of Jonquire's performance, though he declined to offer specific figures for it or the two other Wal-Mart outlets in the Saguenay, a region north of the city of Quebec.
But Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly struck from the record the portions of Mr. Richards's testimony in which he said pressure from Microsoft had led International Business Machines and Compaq Computer to give RealNetworks less favorable contract terms.
As the plaintiffs were concluding their consultations today, four leading academic economists filed a long and detailed legal brief with the trial judge in the case, Thomas Penfield Jackson, arguing that remedies that simply modify Microsoft's conduct do not make sense from an economic point of view.
With Jan. 1 just days away, the technology is not yet ready to meet the needs of either Wal-Mart or its suppliers.
Express Scripts yesterday sweetened its $26.1 billion offer for Caremark Rx, a fellow drug-benefit manger, but cautioned that the bid would be delayed by further regulatory scrutiny.
In some ways, yesterday's resignations may be the most painful yet for Philip J. Purcell, Morgan Stanley's embattled chief executive.
''I think Alaska Airlines can do this,'' Mr. Cappelli said, ''because it's not a huge, major carrier,'' adding that if a bigger airline tried a similar campaign, it would run the risk ''of consumers saying, 'You're not giving me anything different except older planes and higher prices.'
Microsoft, the court ruled, repeatedly bullied PC makers and others to favor its browser over Netscape.
David K. Schafer, president of Schafer & Cullen, a New York investment adviser and mutual fund company, argues that the recent Morgan Stanley-Dean Witter merger ''may be the trigger to a number of other moves.''
Foreign and American companies are also concerned about the potential loss of intellectual property rights if they are forced to work with Chinese PC companies that might become competitors in the Wi-Fi marketplace.
Most current users will notice no improvement, but future computers and peripherals built to the specifications outlined by Microsoft and the Intel Corporation will start and stop quickly.
The major military contractors working with Boeing on the Future Combat Systems program include SAIC, Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman, General Dynamics, BAE Systems, Raytheon and Honeywell International.
That divergence reflects a decade of superior returns for investors in Coca-Cola and a heavy debt burden at Coca-Cola Enterprises.
The final new drama that CBS has ordered is much more a star vehicle, with Jimmy Smits returning to television to play a Cuban-American family man who fights to keep his family's sugar-cane business.
''It's the latest example of abuse of minority shareholders by CANTV and by Verizon, which is pulling the strings of the operation,'' Paul Hanrahan, president of AES Americas, said yesterday in a telephone interview from Caracas.
Over the last year AT&T's stock price has fallen about 55 percent on concerns of chronic weakness in the long-distance telephone market and uncertainty over the company's revamping plan.
To keep up with its critics, Wal-Mart ''has to run a campaign,'' said Robert McAdam, a former political strategist at the Tobacco Institute who now oversees Wal-Mart's corporate communications.
For some skeptics on Wall Street, Intel's failure to translate its expertise and dominance of the computer microprocessor market into expertise building chips for mobile devices is a serious issue -- particularly because they say dominating the wireless field will be pivotal to Intel's future.
But the Time Warner merger turned out to be the final deal of the debt-crazed 1980's, and the new company's stock suffered tremendously.
Wal-Mart's tough standards for employee conduct have become even more stringent since its former vice chairman, Thomas M. Coughlin, pleaded guilty in February to stealing thousands of dollars from the company using fraudulent expense documents and gift cards.
''It's far from clear what the solution to the debt problem is,'' said Vincent Truglia, managing director in charge of government ratings at Moody's.
Some industry experts said A.T.& T. had fumbled the issued by seeming arrogant toward Judge Greene.
In the current case, the appeals court found that Microsoft had illegally maintained its Windows operating system monopoly by engaging in a number of tactics designed to crush the rival Netscape Navigator browser, which could have become a threat to Windows.
DuPont will drop an antitrust lawsuit and will drop charges that Monsanto misappropriated certain Pioneer varieties.
"A.T.& T. wants to dump the people who not only built its enormous revenues last year, but who are the bedrock of future growth."
John C. Malone, who resigned from AT&T's board last week, has said that the company that he controls, Liberty Media, has no intention of making a bid for AT&T's cable systems.
In its brief, the Government says that effort has now gone so far that Microsoft executives no longer even utter the word browser ''except when they slip.''
Allstate insurance agents score significant victory over company in battle over age discrimination; Federal Judge John P Fullam agres to certify agents' lawsuit as class action, sharply raising stakes in case and pressure on Allstate to begin negotiations toward settlement; case court represent more than 6,000 Allstate agents and be one of largest accusing company of age discrimination if certified as class-action lawsuit; lawsuit by agents and Equal Employment Opportunity Commission grew out of decision by Allstate in late 1999 to streamline its sales force; company dismissed more than 6,000 agents from team of 15,200 following summer; some agents complained to EEOC that more than 90 percent of dismissed agents were over 40 and that their average age was 50 (M)
Boeing Co says earings plunged 91 percent in first quarter, falling below estimates of Wall Street analysts; revenue rose 24 percent, to $12.9 billion, from $10.4 billion in year-earlier quarter (M)
Moreover, Honeywell has a large chemicals operation that has been badly hit by rising oil prices.
Several leading players in toy industry agree to pay 44 states $50 million in cash and merchandise to settle antitrust charges; Toys 'R' Us, which was accused of orchestrating conspiracy to restrict competition, agrees to pay largest amount--toys with retail value of $27 million and $13.5 million in cash to be used for toys, books and other educational materials; Mattel Inc agrees to pay $8.2 million in cash and toys and Little Tikes Co agrees to pay $1.3 million; Hasbro Inc agreed last December to pay $6 million in cash and toys to resolve its portion of case; toys will be distributed to needy children by Marine Corps 'Toys for Tots' program over three holiday seasons beginning this year (M)
The market share in Germany of Opel, which General Motors acquired before World War II, has slid from 17 percent in the early 1990's to 12 percent today, a share that probably would be lower if not for aggressive price discounts.
That said, Mr. Reed leaves Citigroup after a 35-year career in which he wore and bore the mantle of a wunderkind after becoming Citicorp's chief executive in 1984 when he was just 45.
Intel Corp says its revenue for fourth quarter will be $9.3 billion to $9.5 billion, substantially higher than $8.6 billion to $9.2 billion company predicted in October; says demand for its chips has risen; photo (M)
Microsoft had no representative on the Auletta panel.
Johnson & Johnson made some manufacturing changes at the Puerto Rico plant in 1997 and in 1998 stopped using human blood protein as a stabilizer in the vials.
But he said Sun had no immediate plans to try to compete with Microsoft for the heart of its user base: white-collar workers and managers.
As expected, the board of the Coca-Cola Company elected M. Douglas Ivester chairman and chief executive yesterday, replacing Roberto C. Goizueta, who died on Saturday at the age of 65.
Daewoo Motor Co's main creditor, Korea Development Bank, will allow Hyundai Motor Co to bid for Daewoo on condition that Hyundai bring in foreign partner; Daewoo's future is in doubt because Ford Motor has dropped its $6.9 billion bid (S)
News of the stockpiling worried investors on Tuesday, as they recalled that Intel was plagued by an inventory buildup last year.
filing in March reported that a hospital notified Medtronic about a patient death involving the device's possible failure.
The order, which requires within seven days changes in how fuel is stored in the tanks of the 747's, came after airlines noticed pump failures and returned 14 pumps to Boeing.
Chuck Mulloy, an Intel spokesman, said the company was ''evaluating the ruling to determine what steps we will take should Mr. Hamidi start spamming again.''
Bank of America and First Union are warning abut potential write-offs in fourth-quarter related to a single borrower, raising anxiety among investors about possible credit problems at commercial banks; while neither bank would identify the borrower, analysts believe it is Sunbeam Corp (M)
William H Webster, who became head of Public Company Accounting Oversight Board last week, has impeccable resume as public servant, but outside Washington, Webster's record is less than perfect; Webster has repeatedly taken positions that critics say have been at odds with his reputation since he retired from CIA 11 year sgo to build lucrative second career as corporate lawyer; lawyer who sued General Motors for making unsafe pickup trucks says that after GM hired Webster, he permitted GM to shelve his report into whether company had improperly destroyed documents relating to case; some labor leaders say Webster has not devoted enough time to his $100,000-a-year position on government-created board that monitors Teamsters union; former chief economist with Federal Communications Commission says Webster's involvement in NextWave, which defaulted on billions of dollars of payments to FCC, should disqualify him from being accounting board's next chairman; photo (M)
It is unclear how much Comcast wants to give AOL what it wants, now that Comcast is the undisputed leader in cable.
Microsoft's actions in the IAP channel thereby contributed significantly to preserving the applications barrier to entry.
A faulty water pump at the Indian Point 2 nuclear plant was repaired yesterday, and the plant was to resume full power 24 hours after a computer problem forced Consolidated Edison to cut power to 60 percent.
TO position itself as a company on the cutting edge of electronic commerce, I.B.M.
The Pentagon has delayed a $20 billion contract from the Air Force to the Boeing Company and directed its inspector general to determine whether there is any reason the deal should not go forward, Defense Department officials said on Tuesday.
A group of Princeton University computer researchers said yesterday that they had found a potentially serious computer flaw in Microsoft's Internet Explorer 3.0 Web Browser.
In that report, Motorola said its earnings for the quarter had fallen sharply.
These are annoyances, as is Apple's decision to cover up the headphone jack and volume control on the front of the new G3's built-in CD-ROM drive.
For years, chip rivals have complained about the aggressive business practices of Intel, whose chips serve as the central processing ''brain'' in more than 80 percent of personal computers.
BP, Shell and ChevronTexaco, all of which have contracts that would be affected by the new policy, could not be reached for comment.
The Food and Drug Administration has decided that Abbott Laboratories can continue to sell its weight-loss drug Meridia, ruling against a consumer group's argument that the drug should be banned for safety reasons.
Even if the experience is not ideal for merchants and customers, Amazon.com's entry into these new categories is well timed, said Ms. Johnson of Forrester.
General Motors has long struggled to make pick-up trucks in a joint venture in northeastern China.
Toby C. Lenk, president of Gap Direct, the company's Internet division, said last year's self-built technology upgrade, which was criticized as unnecessarily expensive by some in the industry, was paying for itself much more quickly than he had envisioned.
And Halliburton has argued that the costs of its imports are high because it ''incurs costs for transportation, storage, distribution, quality assurance and labor required to manage the operation.''
The reorganization comes as Mattel tries to recover from a series of disappointing earnings reports and a decline in sales in 1998.
For months, that contract has come under attack as financially beneficial to Boeing at the expense of taxpayers.
The Ford Motor Company is rethinking its decision to stop making the Excursion, a large sport utility vehicle that has been a favorite target of criticism by environmental advocates.
Federal Judge Deals Microsoft A Setback on Antitrust Lawsuit
''It invited the risk of the type of counterfeit and adulterated market that we saw with some of the biotech drugs and Lipitor,'' said Christopher McFadden, an analyst with Goldman Sachs.
But Mr. Lin, for one, said that while Verizon could try to build its corporate business alone, ''it might be cheaper for them in one fell swoop to buy a chunk of the market.''
But Merck did not seem to benefit from any home-court advantage in Atlantic City.
A lawsuit was filed in federal court Tuesday accusing I.B.M.
The announcement was another serious blow to Goodyear, which has had problems since late 2000, including losses, largely because of higher costs for raw material and sharply declining sales of its truck and car tires.
ACCORDING to an advocacy group, Target declined last year to make its Web site fully accessible to blind people with specialized screen-reading technology last year.
People close to the ING-Aetna talks have said that Aetna is seeking to transfer $2.75 billion of long-term debt to ING as part of a $7.75 billion deal for the nonhealth units.
AT&T was under intense pressure from investors to raise its lagging stock price and Comcast's offer pushed AT&T's board to put the cable operations up for sale.
''You may say: I don't care, I don't shop at Wal-Mart, why should it affect me?
But yesterday, in a conference call with analysts, Pfizer executives said that their company had never been stronger.
There were margin calls, and PaineWebber sold some of the Mattel stock to cover losses in the account.
Shedding marginal operations and attrition will permit Intel to cut its work force with few layoffs, if any, in its core businesses, analysts said.
Vytorin is not an unalloyed positive for Merck because it could steal sales from Zocor.
Morgan Stanley Is Target Sex Bias Inquiry
Preston Padden, executive who spearheaded News Corp's troubled efforts to start satellite service that could deliver both local and national television programming, resigns; departure of Padden comes four days after $1 billion deal between News Corp, which is controlled by Rupert Murdoch, and Echostar Communications Corp, unraveled; deal would have created service called Sky, which could offer 500 channels, including local broadcast stations; such a service had been considered major threat to cable television industry; photo (L)
Microsoft's Japan unit said the company disagreed with the ruling and planned to appeal.
Market speculation recently had Chase talking again with Merrill, though a person involved in Chase's strategic planning said he  believed that Chase preferred Morgan Stanley and was disappointed by the failure to reach an agreement.
For those worried that The New Yorker may be blurring the line between editorial content and commercialism, executives of the magazine and Target offered reassurances that there would be no equivalent of The New Yorker mascot, Eustace Tilley, staring at a butterfly through a monocle covered with a Target bull's-eye.
And in the short term, at least, most of Boeing's customers, already losing money, may not be in a position to spend for new technology.
In the first Vioxx lawsuit to go to trial, lawyers for Merck say that the drug did not cause Mr. Ernst's death.
Microsoft is in a bitter battle with the Netscape Communications Corporation and both companies have been rushing out new versions of their Internet browser programs in an effort to offer new features.
The consumer release of Microsoft's new operating system, Windows Vista, has been delayed until early next year, so you would be waiting quite a while to buy a computer with the system already in place.
Shares of Adobe Systems Inc. tumbled more than 17 percent yesterday, a day after the software publisher warned that the weakening economy could bite into its quarterly sales.
Almost without exception, the analyses of these so-called name-your-price businesses missed the most basic point: Priceline has never run a name-your-own-price business.
Ms. Goodrich said that her brother died believing that his chances of survival, while not good, were lost because of Aetna's conduct.
Online merchants who pay for top search listing on sites like Google, Yahoo, MSN and AOL are increasingly being outbid by unscrupulous and perhaps fraudulent e-tailers; situation is most common in consumer electronics; search services say they weed out dubious marketers when they are made aware of them, but critics say search sites are not aggressive enough, especially since they make more money off these bad actors than they do off legitimate merchants; photo (M)
The court limited Microsoft's first brief to 150 pages and gave the government 125 pages to reply.
Intel's argument rests on a little used doctrine of common law called trespass to chattels, which allows someone to sue for damages resulting from the inappropriate use of personal property, as distinct from the more common case of trespass to real estate.
The company was $6.8 billion in debt before it entered negotiations with Micron Technology in January.
Aetna Says Rising Costs Will Lead It to Miss Earnings Forecasts
Procter & Gamble Co warns that its first-quarter results will be weaker than expected because of flat sales in Europe and financial crisis in Russia; warning comes as company announces details of perhaps most sweeping changes in its 160-year history, a reorganization to encourage speedier global product development and marketing; company says Durk I Jager will become chief executive in January, succeeding John E Pepper, who will continue as chairman until September 1999 (M)
Officials at Wal-Mart headquarters said the protest, which lasted for more than an hour, was spurred largely by the store manager's plan to reduce payroll by cutting most workers' hours to 35 hours a week from 40.
Struggling to retain employees after a turbulent year, the Coca-Cola Company has instituted sweeping salary increases for the first time in at least two decades, according to company officials.
Oracle's Net Up 21%, but New License Sales Disappoint
Kodak's chief executive, George M. C. Fisher, said in a statement that if the weak operating performance the company experienced in July and August continued, Kodak's earnings for the year could be as much as 25 percent below the $4.50 a share it achieved in 1996.
When Pfizer announced in February that it wanted to unload its consumer health care unit -- well-known products like Listerine for bad breath, Rolaids and Zantac for heartburn, Lubriderm for dry skin and Rogaine for hair loss -- the group became the object of William C. Weldon's desires.
The alliance appears more limited than those being struck between European carriers and MCI and Sprint, he said, because AT&T's European partners are investing relatively little capital and they have modest-sized networks.
Airbus and Boeing are locked in ever more bitter competition as they confront a cyclical plunge in the market that Mr. Forgeard says is ''not unprecedented, even if the cause of the crisis is new and especially worrying for our industry.''
One side (Comcast) is suing the other.
Viacom has been criticized for the excessive compensation packages given to its top managers.
In a hearing last week, Merck argued that Mr. Lanier had represented only Mr. Cona, and that because Mr. Cona was not awarded compensatory damages, he was ineligible for punitive damages.
''It's not in the interests of the economy, or of Microsoft,'' he said.
And it did not help Verizon with investors that the company also announced financial results for the second quarter that failed to meet Wall Street's expectations.
The focus of any criminal investigation might be on the text messages and the pages transmitted near company headquarters by people who were not Wal-Mart employees; the technician made those interceptions using his own personal radio-frequency equipment.
Officials of Spain's Ministry of Economy seize documents from Madrid offices of Coca-Cola and its bottlers, investigating complaints that companies used illegal business tactics to keep rival soft drinks off country's shelves; officials acted on complaints filed last year by PepsiCo and La Casear, Spanish beverage company (M)
The jury appeared to play close attention throughout the day, with the exception of a few minutes of Mr. Kiernan's argument, as he discussed the details of the clinical trials Merck conducted on Vioxx.
United Food and Commercial Workers Union battles efforts by Southern California's three largest grocery chains, Albertsons, Vons (owned by Safeway) and Ralphs (owned by Kroger) to extract large concessions in four-week-old dispute that involves strike at Vons and lockout by other chains; union says concessions would knock supermarket workers out of middle class, into ranks of working poor; supermarkets say they need concessions to compete against Wal-Mart and other low-cost rivals; both sides are suffering and expect other to soften stand soon; 859 supermarkets are involved, affecting millions of shoppers who must decide whether to cross picket lines; picketed stores have remained opened, but sales are down sharply; photo (M)
And the states worry that Microsoft could use its industry dominance to dictate which other companies have access to it.
In his first public appearance since his appointment as chairman and chief executive of the Coca-Cola Company last week, M. Douglas Ivester announced no major changes yesterday in the strategy of the company.
Chevron may have a little bit more of an aggressive, open attitude, whereas Texaco may have more of an over-analytical side.
''There is  absolutely a role for us in what we call the low end,'' said Ed Graczyk, director of marketing for Microsoft TV.
In August 2000, Amazon and Toys ''R'' Us stopped fighting and formed a joint venture in which Toys ''R'' Us would become the exclusive seller of most toys, games and baby products on Amazon's site.
''No one in Seattle, or me, or anyone else wants a bad movie,'' said Peter Schlessel, a former Columbia Pictures studio executive who was hired by Microsoft to help manage the project and served as intermediary among the studios, the agents and Microsoft.
The department stores named in the lawsuit include Federated Department Stores Inc., which owns Macy's, Bloomingdale's, and Bon Marche; the May Department Stores Company, which owns Lord & Taylor; the Dayton Hudson Corporation, which owns Marshall Fields; Dillard's Inc., and Nordstrom Inc.
''I think this thing will probably eventually get through, but everyone will be a bit bloodied by it by the time it does,'' said Paul H. Nisbet, an aerospace analyst at JSA Research, based in Newport, R.I. ''Already, Boeing and the Air Force have come in for a bit of criticism on this thing, and there's probably more to come.''
Two ascending Internet giants, Google and Yahoo, are to make plain today that they intend to move aggressively beyond the Internet browser and onto the television screen.
At first, Mr. Bonsignore's secretary refused to interrupt the Honeywell board meeting.
After posting a software patch on its Web site Tuesday, Microsoft programmers discovered that the proposed solution did not fully fix the problem, leaving users vulnerable.
Internet is spawning new form of collective organization that is enabling once-compliant white-collar workers to put pressure on management, especially in handling of pension plans; Coalition for Retirement Security, nonprofit umbrella organization for employee groups, has been active in getting several Web sites off the ground; model for this new worker activism was established by IBM employees after company announced its pension convesion plan that could have hurt thousands of future retirees; Janice Winston, who set up Web site on pensions at Bell Atlantic Corp, comments; photo (M)
''Meat or fruit might be a risk, but not something like Coca-Cola,.''
Mr. Fitzgerald said that because of the fierce rivalry between the two companies, Sun had rejected every suggestion Microsoft had made.
The sale ends a 10-year struggle by Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation to make TV Guide pay off after an ambitious acquisition spree had put the company heavily into debt.
One person close to Comcast argued that AT&T delayed the vote because AT&T's shareholders were in favor of Comcast's plan.
At a memorial service in January, two men joined in a hard, awkward embrace: Philip J. Purcell, the chief executive of Morgan Stanley and Robert G. Scott, a former president of the firm who was forced out of his job by Mr. Purcell in 2003.
In June, Campbell acknowledged trouble in its core business when it said it would not meet analysts' expectations for the current quarter because of slowing soup sales in grocery stores.
Mr. Monti held a meeting with his team of antitrust officials Wednesday afternoon informing them of the tough stance he is adopting with Microsoft ahead of the ruling next week.
At a hearing in San Jose on Sept. 10, Sun's attorney, Lloyd (Rusty) Day, argued that Microsoft wanted ''to kill cross-platform Java and grow the polluted Java market'' by encouraging software developers to abandon its cross-platform ability.
The credit agencies warned of what Moody's called ''an increasingly contentious political and regulatory climate in Illinois'' and what S.& P. said was a ''heightened adversarial regulatory climate in Illinois.''
A lobbyist familiar with the Century Strategies effort said one aim had been to persuade Mr. Bush to speak out on Microsoft's behalf in opposition to the government's lawsuit.
But most analysts say that Moody's decision was a recognition that Verizon, for all its resources, is no longer head and shoulders above its peers.
Coca-Cola has been mired in a bad year, with profit already down for two consecutive quarters.
''They don't want to get their brand name too closely associated with Wal-Mart,'' he said.
With its broader lineup of brands, General Mills is no longer as dependent on breakfast cereal for earnings.
''These continued increases in medical costs are clearly unacceptable and do not reflect the positive potential of Aetna,'' said Dr. John W. Rowe, who became the company's chief executive in September.
''The sooner the better,'' said Bryan Lamb, 27, a property manager in San Francisco, explaining why he showed up yesterday morning at Verizon Wireless's downtown store to abandon his three-year relationship with Sprint PCS.
"We think we'll be aggressive enough to make the industry sit up and take notice," said Kevin Compton, an AT&T spokesman.
His family is suing Merck in Brazoria County, Tex., claiming that Vioxx caused his death.
Amgen Wins Initial Battle In Legal War Over Patent
Xerox attributes the shortfall to jitters over potential Year 2000 computer problems.
Critics of the current accounting practices say that Coca-Cola can, to some degree, bolster its bottom line through sales to the bottling company, over which it has much control.
CBS's pursuit of Ms. Couric has been the subject of a torrent of publicity over the last several months, with near-daily updates in some publications of Ms. Couric's inclinations to stay at NBC or leave for CBS.
J. P. Suarez, who is in charge of asset protection at Wal-Mart, said it was no longer efficient to prosecute petty shoplifters.
''At the end of 2002, I said it's hard to imagine 2003 would be better,'' said David Viniar, chief financial officer of Goldman Sachs.
''The court's decision has troubling ramifications for consumers, service providers and the growth of the Internet,'' said Sara Deutsch, vice president and associate general counsel for Verizon.
At the same time, smaller shopping centers have lost tenants as supermarkets were unable to withstand competition from lower-price retailers, especially Wal-Mart, which now has free-standing supermarkets.
Garrett Green, a customer support representative at a local technology company, said he had chosen AT&T for local service when he recently moved into an apartment -- but that was only after Frontier balked at signing him up because the previous tenant had failed to pay his phone bills on time.
Correction of April 5 article about American International Group executives who resigned from private holding company; Donald P Kanak is executive vice chairman and chief operating officer
''Time Warner is going to think twice about criticizing AOL if it is owned by Time Warner,'' said Ralph Nader, the consumer advocate, who is extremely critical of the deal.
The statement from Ms. Bessant, who has worked closely with Bruce S. Nelson, the executive vice president at Interpublic who led Flag and supervised the Bank of America account, made no mention of him or Interpublic.
And in a November hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee, its chairman, Orrin G. Hatch, Republican of Utah, said he had not made any secret of the fact that he had serious concerns about Microsoft's efforts to exercise  what he termed ''monopoly power.''
''It's first in a long time when we failed to meet our own expectations,'' said Alvaro G. de Molina, chief financial officer of Bank of America, in a conference call.
But Coke's biggest defeat certainly was the decision to replace the then 99-year-old Coca-Cola formula with New Coke on April 23, 1985.
Estimates fell further more recently as fears have grown that airlines in Asia, which are some of Boeing's biggest customers, will cancel orders because of the economic turmoil there.
Verizon Communications is raising ire of competitors who worry that its efforts to increase security in aftermath of terrorist attacks will restrict their access to Verizon work locations; Verizon has told Federal Communications Commission and New York State Public Service Commission that it needs additional protection against attacks on its property; Verizon's central office switching station at 140 West Street in Lower Manhattan was substantially damaged by collapse of World Trade Center, temporarily removing service for more than 300,000 residential and business customers; competitors, such as AT&T Corp and Covad Communications that lease access to Verizon's network, have already complained that Verizon has sought to restrict their access to work sites (M)
The General Motors Corporation is disclosing details of an agreement with Rosie O'Donnell for the talk show host to promote the company's ''Concept:Cure'' efforts to fight breast cancer.
But Amgen's shares have fallen 13 percent since rumors of the merger first surfaced on Thursday, and it was not clear late yesterday whether the terms of the deal had changed.
Corning Inc. became the latest member of the billion-dollar club yesterday, joining Lucent Technologies and Nortel Networks, in reporting at least a 10-digit loss in the second quarter.
Boeing's new midsize plane, the 787, is selling briskly, while Airbus has been dogged by production problems with the A380 and questions about how it will finance its next new planes, particularly the A350, which is intended to go head-to-head with the 787.
Google and Yahoo Settle Dispute Over Search Patent
Brazilian government is considering legal action against Brasil Telecom for hiring security firm Kroll Inc that covertly watched government officials as part of broader probe into Telecom Italia; episode is latest in long dispute between Brasil Telecom and Telecom Italia, which has been fighting since January to regain controlling stake in Brasilia-based phone company; dispute has also thrust Citigroup into unwanted spotlight in Latin America's biggest country, since Brasil Telecom's controlling shareholder, Opportunity group, is run by Daniel Dantas, Citigroup's investment manager in Sao Paulo; photo (M)
Even though the Fox television network has suffered from a decline in ratings, cash flow at the News Corporation's United States TV operations rose 4 percent.
This evolution sharpens Google's rivalry with Microsoft and others who are trying to provide both new Web-based software and technology building blocks for Web programmers.
Although the number of accusations disclosed today by Carnival to news organizations was sharply higher, company officials said that most of the cases were less serious than indicated earlier and that the majority involved accusations of unwanted touching, kissing and other inappropriate advances.
With a federal judge ruling last week that Microsoft repeatedly violated the law, the government has the easy part of the antitrust case behind it.
But its history of establishing Windows as a dominant software standard in the personal computing industry and its efforts to push a mobile-phone version of Windows, called Stinger, have made many cellphone makers skeptical about the intentions of Microsoft.
Pfizer has also applied more pressure to its court case.
It also recasts its relationship with Intel, which became severely strained after Digital stunned the computer industry by suing Intel in May.
A senior aide in another Attorney General's office said ''the problem we want to address is the exclusionary activities that involve tying and leveraging Microsoft's monopolistic position in operating systems to unreasonably restrain competition in other areas.''
The agency believes that Andersen's willingness to bend on such issues was a result of the fees it was receiving from Waste Management.
But she said that any employees who were contributing messages to the site must have been doing so from home, because the site was formally banned from Morgan Stanley's office Internet system a month ago.
Both Microsoft's Outlook E-mail products -- Express and Outlook 98 -- and Netscape Mail contain a flaw known as a buffer overflow error that allows a virus to lock up the E-mail programs and trick an operating system into running illicit software code in their place.
Republican candidate for Westchester County (NY) Executive Ted Dunn questions integrity of his Democratic opponent, Andrew J Spano, arguing that it was unethical for Spano, as County Clerk, to take trip to Orlando, Fla that was paid for by IBM, major supplier to county (S)
Moody's Investors Service reduced the credit rating of AT&T yesterday to a level that may make it more difficult for the telephone company to issue commercial paper.
In fact, until yesterday morning, many were recommending that their clients buy Waste Management stock on the basis of Mr. LeMay's anticipated plans to turn the company around.
Priceline.com will begin Priceline Long Distance Service; consumers can go to company's Web site to bid on blocks of long-distance time (S)
Under the commission's proposal, Union Pacific would be forced to sell its tracks on both sides of the Houston Ship Channel, which connects Houston to the Gulf of Mexico, as well as tracks that run from Houston to the Texas cities of Galveston and Beaumont.
And Cisco's chief executive, John T. Chambers, said he saw no evidence that America's corporations were planning to resume capital expenditures in a major way any time soon.
That alliance failed to materialize, however, because the cable companies worried that Microsoft would become too powerful a partner.
Kodak executives insist that the new cuts do not indicate any snags in the continuing struggle to transform itself from a film-based company into a major competitor in digital imagery.
Charles Schwab Corp announces lower commissions for online stock trades by all sorts of customers except those not-so-affluent investors on which it built its franchise; starting in June, customers with more than $1 million in their accounts will pay as little as $9.95 to buy or sell shares through Schwab, but customers with less than $100,000 will pay three times as much--$29.95 for each trade--unelss they make more than eight trades each quarter; Schwab's chief executive David Pottruck comments; photo (Market Place column) (M)
The merger talks began late last year, the terse statement explained, but Microsoft broke off the negotiations after weighing the ''complexity of the potential transaction'' and the management headaches of trying to put together two huge software companies.
It has accused Fuji of colluding with the Japanese Government to keep Kodak film out of Japan -- a contention the World Trade Organization discounted on Friday -- and of waging a price war on film in the United States.
Still, Mr. Beranek and other industry analysts said that the difference between the wholesale price and the price the letter says Halliburton charged was puzzling.
In recent days, officials at the Boeing Company, the General Electric Company and the Intel Corporation have dismissed worries about the dollar.
Now, Merck faces 14,000 lawsuits, covering almost 30,000 plaintiffs, contending the drug caused heart attacks and strokes.
''I think it will be difficult for Yahoo to attempt to compete with them.
And despite the Europeans' stated worries about Time Warner's potential control of broadband Internet access, the company owns no cable television or other high-speed networks in Europe.
Microsoft also said that over the holidays it had sold 2.7 million copies of Gears of War, making the game the first major hit for the new generation of consoles, which also includes the Wii from Nintendo.
French commercial court awards control of Moulinex Brandt Group white-goods division, which manufactures stoves and other large kitchen appliances, to Elco Holdings Ltd of Israel; rejects rival bids from Whirlpool Corp, Candy of Italy, and Arcelik of Turkey, after Elco pledges to maintain seven of eight existing factories and about 80 percent of work force in France, or 4,195 employees; Elco pledges to invest 318 million euros, or $284 million, in Brandt over next year ago (S)
Over the weekend, a coalition of privacy advocates began discussions about a boycott of Intel.
As Google has been moving into Microsoft's traditional desktop turf, Microsoft has been fighting back by adding online components to its software and building up its Web offerings.
But it is part of Pfizer's effort to distance itself from Merck's problems and provide an answer to what has become a central question: Is it a class effect?
Ever since Cisco went from being a router company to a company that offered a full line of networking devices, mostly by acquiring a string of companies, competitors have struggled to keep up.
Under the instructions from Judge Ben Hardin, jurors must first determine three issues: whether Merck failed to warn doctors about Vioxx's dangers; whether Vioxx was a defective product and could have been designed differently; and whether Merck's negligence is responsible for Mr. Ernst's death.
Express Scripts Set to Fight A Proxy War for Caremark
''While I think Microsoft has behaved unethically at times and this judge found that it broke the law, my focus is going to be on doing everything I can to make sure RealNetworks remains ahead of Microsoft in our business,'' Mr. Glaser said.
Mr. Johnson and others said that AT&T's failure would not be a setback for Notes, which has been rapidly gaining users.
Microsoft Corp files legal brief with Supreme Court arguing that government's antitrust case is unsuitable for direct appeal to the court because it is complex and because Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson made serious and substantive procedural errors at trial; says appeal should go first to federal appeals court in Washington, which ruled in favor of company in related case; company's argument rests heavily on scathing attack on work of Judge Jackson, questioning his impartiality and even-handedness of his decision in general (M)
Whatever happens, Bank of America has established itself as an exceptional tenant in the current market, where many corporations are cutting payrolls and office space.
But in February, Amgen reiterated its position, saying it would be unethical, would raise false hopes and would hinder long-term development of the product.
But Intel denies any technical superiority to A.M.D.
Verizon Communications, the No.
Analysts say each conflict could end up costing Boston Scientific billions in royalties and penalties.
In 1994, a jury ordered Microsoft to pay Stac $120 million for patent infringement.
Disastrous decline in Marsh & McLennan's stock that has followed Eliot Spitzer's lawsuit of last week has injured broad array of institutional and individual investors; pain of losing almost 50 percent in share value is perhaps most excruiating to thousands of Marsh & McLennan employees who have bought Marsh stock in company's employee stock purchase plan or in their retirement plans; employee-benefit experts say Marsh may be putting its 60,000 employees at additional risk, even as it enriches itself, by limiting alternative investments to mutual funds that are for most part managed by Putnam Investments subsidiary (Market Place column) (M)
General Motors Corp and Korea Development Bank, lead creditor for bankrupt Daewoo Motors, are to sign memorandum of understanding setting terms of GM to gain control of company; GM and partner, Fiat SpA , are to take control of two-thirds of Daewoo while assuming none of nearly $17 billion in liabilities (S)
Critics of Microsoft said the company's move was a characteristically aggressive bid to challenge the Federal judge.
With its sleek silver design, exquisitely precise cursor control, programmable control buttons and glowing red tail and belly lights, this is the ''think different'' mouse that Apple should have invented, instead of the feeble little puck that has earned the scorn of most serious Mac users.
The evidence would suggest otherwise, according to Dr. Wampler, at least in this arena, where Microsoft has no significant competition.
The Cable and Wireless board meeting ended without a decision on Sunday night, and with the News Corporation added to the mix, the battle for Hong Kong's phone company seems to be turning into a global, multifront corporate war.
The board of the biotechnology company ImClone Systems met yesterday to consider a demand from Bristol-Myers Squibb that it drastically alter the terms of their $2 billion partnership to develop and market a cancer drug.
Wireless telephone industry appeals to federal court to block government effort to allow consumers to keep their cellphone numbers when they switch mobile phone carriers; Federal Communications Commission, which has long sought to encourage competition by letting cellphone users move same number from one wireless network to another, is seeking to bring about so-called portability of numbers by November; agency has delayed implementing change because of objections from industry, which argues that it will have to spend extra $1 billion and that it is unnecessary because mobile phone business is already highly competitive; market research firm Yankee Group has projected that 10 million to 15 million customers could decide to switch carriers within few months if rule were enforced; analyst Roger Entner says change would be good for consumers, but bad for wireless carriers; Andrew G McBride, arguing on behalf of Verizon Wireless and Cellular Telecommunications and Internet Association, says FCC lacks statutory authority to implement number portability; companies involved in case expect decision in 45 to 60 days from US Appeals Court; chart (M)
The company's trials, some done in partnership with Amgen, have all failed.
''We've got solar roofs, we buy biomass, we do carbon credits, we compost waste and recycle our cardboard,'' said Michael Besancon, the chairman of Whole Foods Market's green mission task force.
Almost four weeks before the Coca-Cola Company publicly acknowledged the contamination in Belgium that led to the biggest recall in its 113-year history, four people had become sick at a bar near Antwerp and blamed drinking Coke for their illnesses, a senior Belgian health ministry official said today.
Murdoch Puts Son in News Corp.'s No.
''We are bearish on banks over all,'' Mr. Mayo said, adding that Citigroup was confronting a wider range of problems than most banks.
But much of the rest of the industry, including several units of Time Warner with very different points of view, are already preparing for battle.
The suit also contended that H&R Block did not fully disclose its fees.
Yahoo asks federal judge to declare French court's recent judgment against company cannot be enforced in US; judgment, issued in November, ordered Yahoo to block Nazi-related material from appearing on auction sites in France or face daily fines of 100,000 francs, about $13,800; French law prohibits sale and display of racist material (S)
Intel has not suggested that manufacturers leave the switch turned off.
He said that under the agreement, Lockheed Martin neither admits nor denies the allegations.
Indeed, the Whirlpool announcement was just the latest blow to an industry that has been jolted by a weakening housing market and changes in the retailing market that have Circuit City quitting the business and Wal-Mart Stores selling major appliances in a low-cost format.
In the bitter war of words between Google and Yahoo over search-engine index size, Google has decided to give its latest answer in the form of a question.
The new approach appears to reflect a fear that Wal-Mart's critics are alienating the very consumers it needs to keep growing, especially middle-income Americans motivated not just by price, but by image.
Katie Bayne, senior vice president for Coca-Cola Brands at Coca-Cola North America, said lackluster marketing and lack of innovation hurt the diet category.
Intel did not forecast earnings, but predicted that its gross margins would probably slip to around 55 percent for the quarter before improving later in the year.
Microsoft has refused to disclose details about Cleartype, saying it did not want to compromise the patent protection it seeks.
In the late 1990's, Cisco, the leading maker of networking equipment, earned a reputation for consistently beating the goals set by Wall Street.
The suit, which was filed in federal court in Seattle, charges that Microsoft improperly used Veritas technology in Vista and other software.
A three-year-old joint venture with AT&T, called Concert, is also in trouble.
Comercial Mexicana, in contrast, has shifted to Wal-Mart's approach, managing to lower its prices to compete directly.
This is a rivalry that made it all the way to the Senate Judiciary Committee last year, with Real Networks accusing Microsoft of anti-competitive practices, namely, the failure of an early version of the Windows Media Player to recognize Real Networks software.
didn't manage to win over the national regulators, so I doubt Microsoft can,'' said Thomas Vinje, a competition and intellectual property lawyer in Brussels and a vocal critic of Microsoft.
Boston Scientific, however, has characterized the skirmish as a significant first step toward a patent battle in Brussels next year that would have implications for Cordis's right to make or sell the products throughout Europe.
Saturn factory in Spring Hill, Tenn, is still building cars month after strikes at parts factories in Flint, Mich, forced every other General Motors assembly plant in US to close; 7,300 Saturn workers and their union have struck uncomfortable bargain; in name of preserving nation's best-known experiment in cooperation between labor and management, they have set aside union solidarity by assembling cars using parts from Japan and at least one nonunion American company; auto workers are furious because GM plans to build future Saturn cars and new sport utility vehicle using many parts from elsewhere; they have voted to authorize their leaders to call strike if further negotiations fail to resolve local union's concerns; union leaders, in sign of continued reluctance to cause any harm to GM division they helped to build, say they will talk for at least 30 days before actually starting walkout (M)
As a consequence, it poses a potential threat to the desktop operating system on which Microsoft's market dominance relies.
The worm is the latest in a series of attacks by computer hackers aimed at exploiting loopholes in Microsoft's software and exposing its vulnerability to security lapses.
But Mr. Shaffer said he would not expect Mr. Jobs ever to risk being directly associated with the final collapse of Apple, the company he founded in that legendary Los Altos, Calif., garage in 1976.
In its lawsuit, Toys ''R'' Us asks for court injunctions to prevent Amazon from selling toys from other vendors and for Amazon to be banned from posting ads from Google to competing online toy stores.
Aetna Inc, nation's biggest health insurer, says its operating income rose 20 percent in fourth quarter; but Wall Street analyst say underlying numbers are disappointing, reflecting deterioration in Aetna's core health business and losses overseas; Cigna Corp says operating income rose 31 percent to $296 million; Aetna says profits from operations were $173 million compared with $144.4 million; Aetna US Healthcare operating earnings, before Year 2000 costs, were $127.1 million, up from $112.9 million in 1998 quarter; Cigna says health maintainence earnings rose 31 percent to $118 million; non-HMO health insurance gained 10 percent to $113 million (M)
The problem, Starbucks said, is not that profit from coffee shops is falling.
AT&T executives denied that they had received unfair preferences, and said that the bids could not be compared without knowing each proposal's details, because each company offered a different array of technologies and features.
Moody'
Mr. Bushnell listed a half-dozen reasons Citigroup should not do the deal, including the bank's ''extensive credit exposure to Enron,'' concerns about aggressive accounting and risks to the bank, and the ''sub-optimal'' returns the deal would provide.
While Microsoft will need to deliver new technology that can compete with Sony's successor to the PlayStation 2, it is also probably looking for ways to cut costs after after taking significant losses on the Xbox.
As a result, Yahoo's service can recreate all the information on a new phone if the old one is lost.
Federal Communications Commission levels record $3.6 million fine against 11 television stations that broadcasted episode of CBS program Without A Trace, saying show suggested teenage characters were participating in sexual orgy; program was among nine cited for fines totaling about $4 million for allegedly violating decency standards between February 2002 and March 2005 (M)
A second argument in European regulators' antitrust case against Microsoft concerns interoperability.
Theodore C Sihpol III, former broker at Bank of America, is charged with helping Canary Capital Partners, hedge fund, engage in after-hours trading of mutual fund shares; criminal charges brought by Atty Gen Eliot Spitzer of New York imply confidence in his case, since they require higher burden of proof than charges in civil cases; SEC announces civil enforcement action against Sihpol, seeking penalties, disgourgement of gains and potentially his ban from securities industry; photo (M)
Lockheed Martin, which is based in Bethesda, Md., and Northrop, based in Los Angeles, have indicated they may fight an attempt to block the deal, but it seems unlikely they would wage a prolonged fight with their biggest customer.
Comcast Corp is in talks with Walt Disney Co to buy 40 percent of E Entertainment Television that it does not own; price not disclosed but value is estimated at more than $2.5 billion (M)
The finding means that the commission may file suit against Morgan Stanley if the firm does not settle the matter.
Tucked into an out-of-the-way building several blocks from Apple's Cupertino campus, he and his designers have been laboring on ideas that might give flight to a computing generation that has more in common with Swatch and Nike than with I.B.M.
Mr. Wylie's suit is coupled with one from Debra Miller of Watsonville, Calif., who accuses Air France, Continental Airlines and Boeing of the same failure.
In his statement, Mr. Fisher, Kodak's chief, insisted that while the company would continue to make significant investments in digital imaging, emerging markets and Advantix, it would temper that with a ''significant reduction in the company's cost structure.''
But Amazon does not have to repay the debt until 2009 so the practical effect of the fluctuation of the euro on Amazon's finances today is modest.
The way Betty Dukes tells it, it is not for lack of trying that she has failed to move up at Wal-Mart Stores.
Morgan Stanley officials have fervently denied accusations of harassment and unequal treatment of women in its operations.
Also yesterday, Boeing reported a second-quarter net loss of $192 million, or 24 cents a share, on revenue of $12.8 billion.
Businesses can designate the phone numbers, area codes or countries that can be reached or blocked using the card, with as many as 50 domestic and 50 international combinations, New York-based A.T.& T. said yesterday.
But those talks, which usually took place in discreet dining rooms at hotels in Philadelphia and Manhattan, broke down when AT&T's board rejected any deal in which Comcast would control more than 50 percent of the combined company.
''The idea long term is to be very customer-friendly, this is no longer a one-size-fits-all approach,'' said Tracy Baumgartner, an AT&T spokeswoman.
Time Warner's cable systems have blocked the Gemstar signal, demanding separate payment for access.
American Airlines parent AMR Corporation reports narrower first-quarter loss on 12.5 percent increase in revenue; company lost $92 million in first quarter, compared with loss of $262 million in year-earlier period; revenue was $5.34 billion, compared with $4.75 billion; American Airlines will cut 27 planes from its fleet to reduce capacity in effort to raise fares (M)
Standard & Poor's said yesterday that its ratings and outlook on Boeing, which it lowered in May, were not affected by the move.
Human Rights Watch study finds Wal-Mart's aggressive efforts to keep out labor unions often violated federal law and infringed on workers' rights; says company often broke law by, for example, eavesdropping on workers, training surveillance cameras on them and firing those who favored unions; Wal-Mart vigorously defends its labor practices; spokesman David Tovar comments; chart (M)
The difference is that Amazon includes many niche products that conventional grocers cannot carry -- like some high-end or regional brands of granola and gluten-free spaghetti -- because the products have such limited appeal.
In an interview after the conference call, Mr. Case, who will be the chairman of AOL Time Warner, said he was surprised by the drop in AOL's stock.
But Microsoft charges nothing extra for the browser, so there is no incentive for PC makers to take the unbundled version of Windows.
Yahoo's approach to this market has been more cautious.
Pfizer could sweeten its offer, but not as much as it would have paid in a bidding war with Procter.
But to drive home its appeal for more severe sanctions against Microsoft, AOL, in its Netscape suit, has requested that the case go to Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly, the same judge considering the proposed settlement in the government's case.
The Eastman Kodak Company, which has spent more than a decade reducing its work force, said yesterday that it would cut another 10,000 jobs, the biggest layoff announcement this year by any American company.
The case against Microsoft has done more damage to the American consumer than all our attorneys general can ever hope to remedy (front page, April 29).
Attacks Microsoft Official on Netscape Meeting
And Greg Maffei, Microsoft's newly appointed chief financial officer, warned: ''None of us think that Windows 98 will have the financial impact of Windows 95.
Corporate executives live in fear of what happened to the Coca-Cola Company.
The companies would not discuss the financial terms of their deal but said Verizon would have the exclusive rights to distribute YouTube videos on mobile phones ''for a limited period of time.''
''I have no fear in my spirit at all of Wal-Mart.''
When confronted by a thorny problem on the fringe of their expertise, they might conduct a Google search to consult sources that are ''not necessarily endorsed by Apple,'' Mr. Isom said.
''The thing that Microsoft doesn't seem to agree with us about is, Java technology is all about being able to run on multiple platforms,'' said Jon Kannegaard, Sun's vice president for software products.
Mark Murray, a Microsoft spokesman, said of the Government's lawyers, ''It's unfortunate that they have lost faith in the substance of their case and have resorted to this kind of name calling.''
''It's hard to imagine that without Micron's help, Hynix is going to prosper.
Many of them, no matter how well established, find themselves in the role of supplicant much of the time, bowing before the influence Wal-Mart wields in the marketplace and the fear of losing a make-or-break order to a competitor.
Verizon, the No.
In 1994, the European Commission and the Justice Department jointly forced Microsoft to abandon its licensing agreements with personal computer makers that had forced them to pay a royalty on every PC, whether or not it had Microsoft software preinstalled.
Ellen Schneier, a nurse in New York who is disabled by colon cancer, said she stayed with her Aetna Medicare H.M.O., even after it stopped paying for drugs on Jan. 1, because the Aetna network still includes her doctors at Mount Sinai Medical Center.
Intel Corp reports third-quarter numbers that beat analysts' lowered forecasts; company gives investors some reasons for concern, reporting stagnant chip sales and projecting relatively soft holiday season; Intel executives say they are not seeing signs of price war among chip makers, or of widespread drop in demand for personal computers; reports third-quarter earnings of $2.9 billion compared with $1.9 billion for period a year earlier; revenue was $8.73 billion, up 19 percent from $7.33 billion (M)
On Saturday, experts said, the Blaster worm will attempt to shut down Microsoft's Windows Update Web site, where users are encouraged to go for the patch, by signaling infected computers around the world to swamp the site with bogus requests for service.
Motion filed in federal court, Atlanta, by plaintiffs in discrimination suit against Coca-Cola Co contends 'possible retaliation' was taken against Larry Jones, benefits manager at Coke's human resources department, who organized meeting of about 150 black workers; Coke denies claim; motion contends Jones was dismisseed within days of meeting (S)
FirstEnergy managers had their work cut out for them before the summer disasters struck.
Although the company said no Asian airlines had yet canceled any orders, Boeing has already announced plans to slow production of its flagship 747 jumbo jet.
Juniper Networks reports net income of $58.1 million in third quarter compared with loss of $1.59 million a year earlier; sales were $201.2 million, up 78 percent (S)
''This is bad news on top of bad news for Priceline,'' Mike May, an analyst at Jupiter Media Metrix, said.
KPMG has argued that the methods used by Xerox were basically proper, although some relatively minor adjustments were needed, and has said that was backed up by a study done by PricewaterhouseCoopers, which was hired by Xerox as a consultant after the controversy erupted.
Intel's decision to forge ahead with identity features in its chip technology may signal a turning point in the battle over privacy in the electronic age.
But after some ill-timed forays last fall into Yahoo and CMGI, two falling technology stars, he has stopped dabbling with his investment portfolio and is ready to add more bonds.
But despite the support of British governments on the left and the right, all eager to see General Electric become a technological leader, the cautious Lord Weinstock failed to give Britain much of a stake in emerging industries like semiconductors, computers and cellphones.
Mr. Cook said Pfizer tried to determine whether Web sites or other ads violate its trademarks and often notified government authorities about anything that appeared illegal.
EXPRESS SCRIPTS opened a proxy war in the pharmacy benefits industry yesterday, moving to derail the pending acquisition of its rival Caremark Rx by the drugstore chain CVS.
But Boston Scientific said it could not complete an overhaul of its quality-control systems, as demanded in the January letter, before the fourth quarter because it has decided to have independent auditors review the changes before it asks the F.D.A.
At the rally, held at 42nd Street and Avenue of the Americas, some demonstrators gave out leaflets saying, ''Verizon has been running a hostile, expensive anti-union campaign, intimidating workers who want a voice on the job.''
The announcement yesterday that Richard M. DeMartini, the head of Bank of America's asset management unit, would leave after the FleetBoston merger, means that all four Bank of America executives named in the investigation will have resigned since the scandal broke.
With Intel offering little guidance about demand for the rest of the year, ''analysts will make their own assumptions and estimates will be all over the place,'' Mr. Peck said.
In a separate development today, for example, the Umax Computer Corporation, a Macintosh clone maker based in Fremont, Calif., and owned by Umax Data Systems of Taiwan, said that it had struck a deal with Apple to license the Macintosh OS8 operating system software.
Intel strongly denied the charge and filed two countersuits.
NDB, online broker, is cut off for more than an hour because of what it says was attack by computer vandals that was similar to those against several prominent Web sites earlier this month; Microsoft Corp says it came under attack this week (M)
Motorola said it expected its third-quarter results to be hurt by weakness in the world's two largest markets for pagers, the United States and China.
The European Commission opened an investigation on Monday into whether the Oracle Corporation's hostile $7.3 billion bid to take over a rival software maker, PeopleSoft Inc., would create a company that would dominate markets in Europe, the commission said in a statement.
Pfizer Inc's announcement that it will acquire Peapack, NJ-based Pharmacia Corp for $60 billion in stock has left economists and real estate experts wondering whether move will mean net loss or gain for New Jersey, which is still climbing out of recession and is becoming dependent on pharmaceutical industry; fear that consolidation of two companies could mean reduction of jobs, at least initially, as new, larger company eliminates duplication of tasks; Pharmacia's plans to move 2,500 employees from its headquarters in Peapack to former AT&T headquarters in Basking Ridge, which Pharmacia purchased in July, are in doubt, as officials work out what will happen to their combined work force of 150,000; Pharmacia has 59,600 employees; photo (M)
A spokeswoman for Sun Microsystems had no comment on Microsoft's move or whether it would seek a hearing.
Tiffany moved into its 57th Street store, designed by Cross & Cross, on the eve of World War II.
''We certainly have evidence the our management workers have experienced abuse from the pickets, sometimes dangerously so,'' said Eric Rabe, a Verizon spokesman.
However, a spokesman for Coca-Cola said the company had no plans to buy Cadbury brands in France.
$1.4 Billion Boeing Charge to Force First Yearly Loss Since '47
Thus, many Xerox invoices went unpaid, while the sales representatives had to cope with new clients even as they fielded irate calls from old ones.
Icann said it was investigating complaints about the wild-card service and asked VeriSign to pull it pending further study.
Other competitors have accused Intel of violating antitrust laws, but those claims appeared tainted, and weakened because no customers would testify.
''From Apple's standpoint, there's always been pent-up demand for lighter Macs.''
Sun-Microsoft Dispute
PC manufacturers cannot profitably sell an $800 PC with a $150 Intel chip; they can make money with a $75 Cyrix chip.
With 70 percent of the market for legal music downloads and 45 percent of the market for portable music players, Apple's nearest competitors -- including RealNetwork Inc.'s Rhapsody, Roxio's Napster and the Sony Corporation's Connect -- do not attract anything close the traffic on the iTunes network.
Five months after pledging to invest $2 billion in ImClone Systems and its new cancer drug, Bristol-Myers Squibb said yesterday that it wanted to ''fundamentally restructure'' its relationship with the company, including changing its top management.
A recurring question, however, is whether the America Online-Time Warner deal proves that no company can live by content alone.
''We didn't do this because we thought we had a lousy image,'' said Kay Napier, a senior vice president for marketing at McDonald's.
B.T., which has debts of more than $40 billion, is unlikely to accept AT&T stock; AT&T, struggling to revamp its own business, is trying to conserve cash.
The Ford Motor Company reported third-quarter earnings on Tuesday that surpassed Wall Street's expectations, but it lost money in its core business, making cars and trucks, for the second consecutive quarter.
Moody's cut Enron's rating 5 notches, Standard & Poor's lowered it 6, and Fitch slashed it 10, to CC, its third-lowest grade.
Warning From Microsoft On False Digital Signatures
Microsoft informed Compaq that if it removed Internet Explorer, the computer maker would lose its license for Windows, Stephen Decker, director of software procurement at Compaq, said in testimony to Federal investigators.
A synergy between Mr. Jobs and Mr. Ives and his design studio could be the hidden weapon to bring Apple back to the forefront as a computer maker.
VeriSign, which started Web on Sept 15 to make money from millions of misspelled or mistyped Web addresses, finds itself under siege from critics who say it is taking unfair advantage of its privileged position; Internet Software Consortium is offering software patch to counteract VeriSign's service; consortium says it is responding to complaints that VeriSign is commandeering Web's 'mistake' traffic, and routing it to its new site in hope that users will click on advertiser-paid sites offered as alternatives (M)
In fact, the Court expressly stated that its conclusion that Microsoft is liable for unlawful tying ''is arguably at variance with a decision of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C.
Even before the latest revelation, analysts of Russia's booming cellphone market say they had noticed strange sales patterns for Motorola's C115 model, a no-frills, black plastic phone about the size of a cigarette pack that retails for around $50 but briefly got a lot cheaper last spring.
As these investigations continue, additional Boeing executives have been cited in court documents, the company is under attack by politicians and by its corporate rivals, and the careers of scores of senior Air Force and Pentagon officials are stalled.
They ruled that Judge Jackson was wrong on the law when he ordered Microsoft to immediately unbundle its Windows operating system and its Internet Explorer Web browser.
While the Europeans could not technically have blocked the Boeing-McDonnell Douglas merger, the fines could have made it difficult for Boeing to operate in Europe.
Intuit, which also announced widening financial losses yesterday, now intends to focus on its core software businesses, while expanding its services over the Internet.
It will be bad if Microsoft is allowed to continue acting as it has, using its clout to buy off or scare away would-be competitors.
The phone, available from Verizon for $69.99 with a two-year contract, uses a VibeTonz System developed by Immersion, the company whose force-feedback technology is used to make game controllers and joysticks shake and shudder.
A major obstacle overseas for Wal-Mart has been building a big enough network of stores to compete with local chains and to secure low prices from suppliers.
The critics reminded the commissioners that America Online's instant messaging system does not work with competing systems and that Time Warner had shut ABC off its cable television systems earlier this year in the middle of a commercial dispute.
His widow and children have sued Merck, contending that Vioxx caused his death.
Under pressure from consumer advocates and some lawmakers and regulators, Citigroup also recently said it would stop selling single-premium credit insurance.
''Coca-Cola has said they'll pay the medical expenses, but there's a moral responsibility, too,'' said Odilon Hermans, the director of the School of St. Mary, whose 280 students are either 13 or 14 years old and which was unusual among the six schools here because in addition to other beverages it sold Coke to its pupils to augment their lunch packs from home.
Microsoft has contended that removing programs like the Internet Explorer browser and Windows Media Player from the operating system would produce chaos in the market and would prevent Windows from working properly with other applications.
The two banks would still lack a substantial presence overseas unlike Citigroup, analysts have said.
Yahoo said it now had evidence of something that many e-mail users long suspected but had never managed to prove: that spammers take the names of people who ask to be removed from their e-mail lists and sell them to other marketers.
Thomas M Siebel announces his resignation as chief executive of Siebel Systems, business software company he founded and has led since 1993; Siebel will remain as chairman; Michael J Lawrie, longtime executive at IBM, will take over as chief executive and president (M)
IBM reports disappointing first-quarter earnings, which might indicate renewed weakness in technology sector; reports sales from continuing operations of $22.9 billion, up 3 percent from same 2004 period; earnings miss analysts' expectations; profits from continuing operations reach $1.41 billion; chief financial officer Mark Loughridge comments (M)
But that might prove hard, he added, because Oracle sells its business software to customers in integrated packages rather than as separate components.
But Intel disappointed Wall Street slightly with a conservative forecast for the second quarter.
Nike, though it has come under attack for its treatment of workers at overseas factories, which critics say are sweatshops, is not the first to have its Web site redirected or defaced by so-called hacktivists.
MICROSOFT TO PAY AOL $750 MILLION; END TO 'LONG WAR'
Xerox was helped in the first quarter by a lower tax rate than expected, and several analysts said they worried that Xerox would meet its numbers for the year through low taxes and share repurchases rather than increased sales.
Now, the Roberts family owns only about 2 percent of Comcast, but under a two-tiered share structure, it controls 86 percent of the votes at the company.
Greg Neubauer, a customer service representative at a Verizon Wireless call center in Orangeburg, N.Y., said the unionization campaign there failed because of management's campaign against it.
Dr. Santanello's biggest mistake probably came on Wednesday when she briefly claimed Merck had conducted three clinical trials on humans to examine Vioxx's effects on blood after a large clinical trial in 2000 raised questions about its risks.
Microsoft has recently noted some problems users are having with Service Pack 2 and about 50 programs.
The run of bad news for cancer treatment started in late January when Amgen announced that in one of its clinical trials, patients getting Aranesp were more likely to die than those getting placebo.
Europe's competitiveness authorities of European Commission have generally chosen to steer clear of questions involving Microsoft Corp and Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson's ruling that Microsoft is monopoly; European competitiveness officials five years ago cooperated with American regulatory authorities in antitrust investigation company settled by changing contracts with personal computer producers and eliminating some restrictions on software makers; in addition, European Commission is investigating at least two formal antitrust complaints against Microsoft, one from personal computer manufacturer and other from software maker (M)
They reduced their estimates for Xerox's fourth-quarter earnings to 40 cents from 66 cents, and they lowered their estimates for next year's earnings to $1.91 from $2.29.
Johnson & Johnson had previously conducted pediatric studies of Propulsid that failed to demonstrate that the drug was effective.
The European Commission's ruling against Microsoft, issued here on Wednesday, brands the company as an abusive monopolist, and imposes remedies on it that go much further than those negotiated between Microsoft and the Justice Department three years ago.
Judah S. Kraushaar, an analyst at Merrill Lynch & Company, said Morgan Stanley's results could be hurt by a slowdown in the firm's private- client business.
Yahoo confronted that conflict head-on in November, when a French judge ordered the company to block French users from viewing Nazi items on Yahoo's American site.
Several semiconductor industry analysts raised the specter that Intel has been forced to change its manufacturing schedules -- its so-called manufacturing utilization -- to account for the lowered demand.
The European Commission broadened its antitrust investigation of Microsoft today, introducing new accusations about the company's bundling of its Windows Media Player, and backing up existing concerns about the company's practices in the server operating systems market with new evidence.
In Hollywood, there are few media figures as respected, feared and envied as Michael D. Eisner, chairman of the Walt Disney Company.
In one part of Verizon's offer, the company proposed limiting the number of employees who could transfer from stressful jobs at call centers to other parts of the company.
David Haddad, who ran one of the fastest growing businesses at Mattel Inc., has left the struggling toy company to head an Internet start-up.
Senior executives at BlackRock also had second thoughts about losing Mr. Fink to Morgan Stanley.
Starbucks deal to set aside space in its coffee shops for Kozmo.com, urban delivery specialist, may be first example of established retailer offering its floor space and personnel to e-commerce company; it is unlikely to be last; industry executives and analysts predict such agreements will come rapidly in next few months, as Internet retailers struggle to address two of their most glaring vulnerabilities--customer acquisition costs and returns--while continuing to close gap between virtual and traditional stores; photo (M)
Investors thought the idea too ambitious and Procter's stock fell more than 10 percent, causing Mr. Jager to abandon his plan reluctantly.
Symantec Corp laboratories study the world's thousands of computer viruses and fashion immunizations against them, a laborious and exacting business; Carey Nachenberg, chief researcher at Symantec Antivirus Research Center in Santa Monica, Calif, lives and dreams the challenge of beating back the mounting threat of computer viruses; photo (M)
But Xerox's problems have been worse than many.
In ordering the company to pay back wages, the arbitrator said Verizon had violated the old contract's job security provisions when it let the workers go.
''People did not appreciate the software hooks Microsoft could put into DOS to make it so hard for users to switch, insuring a technology lock-in,'' he said.
Starbucks, which operates 309 stores in Canada, shrugs off the threat from the north.
Chevron, which is based in San Francisco, said it plans to cut another $500 million out of its cost structure on top of the $2.4 billion it has already achieved since 1991.
Some of the changes are patches for the potholes that Microsoft and its PC-building partners missed the first time around.
Trading also proved tough for Bank of America, which said its trading-related revenues slumped 40 percent from the first quarter.
'' (Most individual publishers are reluctant to criticize Amazon publicly for fear of alienating an important customer.)
Three months after the breakup of a contentious courtship characterized by lawsuits and recriminations, Tyson Foods and IBP announced yesterday that they had settled their differences and recommitted themselves to a merger.
Hasbro Inc. will donate $6 million in toys, books and money for children to settle an antitrust suit in which it is charged with unfair trade practices intended to withhold popular toys from some retailers.
Some analysts also said they expected General Mills to sell some Pillsbury businesses, including Green Giant frozen vegetables and Progresso soups, that do not fit neatly into the existing lineup.
Several observers, including Mr. Boyd, who is recommending eBay stock, said they thought Wall Street overreacted to Mr. Jordan's departure.
The giants' power was displayed in its raw form last week when Time Warner cut off Disney's ABC network from its systems for a day and a half.
The folks at H&R Block are using their familiar logo to promote their lineup of tax products.
Waste Management's employees, meanwhile, have been up in arms since July 14, when management said that, despite earlier promises, it would not terminate its defined benefit pension plan and distribute lump-sum payments.
Questions remain about whether General Motors Corp will come to rescue of Daewoo Motor a day after riot police dislodge hundreds of striking workers at its plant in Inchon, South Korea; Commerce Min Shin Kook Hwan says government will jump-start talks with GM as soon as possible since obstacles have been removed; believes primary obstacle has been resistance of workers to layoffs that GM negotiators had made clear had to happen before they could consider renewing offer that they first made in 1999 as Daewoo Motor collapsed under more than $10 billion in debts; photo (M)
Mr. Pelletier, of Wal-Mart, rejected the union's charge that the company was a substandard, low-paying employer.
One year after bombing in Bali and two months after attack at J W Marriott Hotel in Jakarta, security experts consider Indonesia as dangerous as ever; terrorist groups are still said to be roving country; American businesspeople in Indonesia say, dangerous or not, country offers so much opportunity that they cannot allow themselves to be scared off; businesses have battened down since bombing at Marriott, and hotels serving foreigners resemble military compounds; few of roughly 10,000 Americans in Indonesia are leaving; government approvals of foreign projects increased 3.7 percent in first nine months of year, compared with period in 2002, and foreign investors have poured more than half billion dollars into Jakarta stock market this year; tourist industry is in tatters, but its consumer economy has proved somewhat impervious to terrorist fears; photo (M)
''Yes, Microsoft has continuing liability, it continues to infringe,'' said Martin R. Lueck, a partner in Robins, Kaplan, Miller & Ciresi, who represents Eolas.
In the same period, the hotels in the Courtyard partnership grossed about $2.5 billion in sales, and the partners paid Marriott $170 million in fees.
While sounding its usual cautionary notes about corporate PC demand and slowing revenue growth, Microsoft reported solid results amid a sea of recent distractions, including last week's news of the merger of Time Warner and America Online, the passing of the chief executive title from William H. Gates to Steven Ballmer and yesterday's filing challenging the findings of a federal judge that the company is an abusive monopoly.
Many cable industry officials attending annual convention in New Orleans acknowledge Rupert Murdoch's ambitious satellite broadcasting service could draw customers away from cable, but say threat has been both exaggerated and misunderstood; although Murdoch's service could eventually offer 500 channels of digital programming, many cable executives believe it will appeal to only narrow slice of viewing audience; move by cable operators, like Time Warner Inc and Tele-Communications Inc, to upgrade systems with digital technology noted (M)
He said potential copier customers balked because they knew Kodak wanted to leave the copier market, and that having the Heidelberger name in place would allay their fears.
Microsoft, however, says that saying no would be the appropriate choice.
MBNA's top management and its advisers, led by Michael E. Martin and Olivier Sarkozy of UBS, Edward D. Herlihy of the law firm of Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz and Joseph R. Perella, the veteran deal maker who left Morgan Stanley amid the firm's turmoil in April, huddled to consider Plan B: trying to sell the company to Bank of America.
''While we have no intention of selling our broadband business,'' Mr. Armstrong said, ''Comcast's offer is serious.
The Vioxx fiasco contributed to the last month's departure of Merck's chief executive, Raymond V. Gilmartin, and the promotion of Richard T. Clark to succeed him.
A.M.D., based in Sunnyvale, Calif., expects that it could lose $80 million to $100 million a quarter in revenue that ATI gets from selling chips to Intel.
Investors seem to doubt that Xerox, which lost $167 million last quarter, will beat the fast-ticking financial clock.
On the conference call, Disney representatives said that the board, along with Mr. Eisner, knew about the possibility of a bid from Comcast and that management had drafted a script rejecting any overture to enter merger talks.
Ebay plans to discuss progress in efforts toward protecting eBay members from fraud at annual three-day eBay Live conference for its members, which begins in Boston; company will report 60 percent decline in number of complaints from luxury goods makers that counterfeits of their products are being sold on site; also says that in last four months it has banished tens of thousands of sellers from its auction marketplace who did not meet new, elevated standards; other companies whose products are not yet protected by new anticounterfeiting measures still complain about piracy on eBay, and some longtime sellers complain that they are left in dark about changes to complex ecosystems on which they depend; chief executive Meg Whitman comments (M)
Still, the company's reputation among customers was intact when USA Waste Services bought it last year, one reason the new parent chose to retain the Waste Management name instead of its own.
That includes the car-loan and liability insurance operations of First National, the ones General Electric did not agree to buy; a portfolio of investments, including some junk bonds; railroad and aircraft leasing arms; and a project finance division.
In an interview, Mr. Henley blamed larger economic conditions for the slower-than-desired revenue from applications, but he also said the rollout of the new applications software, Oracle 11i, introduced last year, ''took longer to sort out than expected.''
A separate lawsuit has been filed by a group of janitors, accusing Wal-Mart of conspiring with cleaning contractors to cheat them out of overtime pay.
Then, in December, when a colon cancer prevention study by the company indicated that Celebrex was associated with heart attacks and strokes, Pfizer said the results were unexpected.
Intel, the world's largest microchip manufacturer, said yesterday that it had encountered few signs of economic recovery in the second quarter and that it expected weaker than normal seasonal improvement in demand the rest of the year.
Ford Motor Co is in talks with Changan Automobile Group to build affordable passenger car in China; development is latest in series of signs that country is loosening its grip on auto industry ahead of its expected entry into World Trade Organization later in year; Ford's efforts to enter Chinese market after losing out to General Motors in fierce competition in mid-90's and inroads made by other manufacturers discussed; chart (M)
For its part, Microsoft has denied that it is interested in delay, maintaining that its primary goal is getting the case dismissed as quickly as possible.
Pfizer, which acquired Warner-Lambert and its Parke-Davis division in 2000, says the lawsuit relates to activities that took place before the acquisition and that its employees do not promote drugs for unapproved uses.
A federal appeals court agreed to shelve temporarily a lower court order requiring Microsoft to carry Sun's Java technology in the Windows operating system.
In April, Japan, which is an important market, ordered a 17 percent price cut for alpha interferon, a widely used treatment for hepatitis B and C. Alpha interferon is made by Schering-Plough under license from Biogen.
In its suit, the Government asserts that they are separate products that Microsoft bundled to get an unfair edge over a rival, the Netscape Communications Corporation, in the market for software used to browse the World Wide Web.
Aetna Will Cut 6,000 Jobs, About a Sixth of the Work Force
Campbell is ''doing it on their competitor's turf,'' he added, ''instead of attacking from its own turf, the high ground, saying 'Now we'll tell you why they're No.
Documents for 2000 transaction between American International Group and General Re, unit of Berkshire Hathaway, which is at center of wide-ranging insurance probe, were doctored two months after deal was struck, according to executives with direct knowledge of transaction; say deal served to spruce up AIG's financial reports, ultimately bolstering its stock price; regulators, and now companies, say way that deal was accounted for was improper; why documents were altered by midlevel General Re employees is not entirely clear, but one regulator says it was done in way that allowed AIG to account for transaction in favorable way; AIG's former chief executive Maurice R Greenberg will appear before regulators and law enforcement officials in New York on April 12 to discuss series of suspect financial transactions; Warren E Buffett, chairman and chief executive of Berkshire Hathaway, will appear before regulators and investigators on April 11 as cooperating witness in investigation, not target, and regulators describe his appearance as interview; photos (M)
The three senators -- Charles E. Grassley of Iowa, chairman of the Senate Finance Committee; John McCain of Arizona, a longtime critic of Boeing; and John W. Warner, chairman of the Armed Services Committee -- said in the letter that allowing Boeing to deduct payments to settle government ethics charges ''would be unacceptable.''
The numbers could be sobering for the team that is completing the design of Xbox, Microsoft's first entry into the computer hardware business and a frontal assault on the competitive video game world.
For example, last year Xerox took a $170 million pretax charge to cover problems with fraudulent accounting practices in its Mexican operations.
But if the commission finds that Microsoft violated European Union antitrust laws, the company would face a hefty fine and, more important, would be forced to make changes in the way it sells software.
Netscape charged that its decline was a result of Microsoft's illegal tactics, echoing many of the findings in the government's case against the company.
In characteristic style, Scott G. McNealy, Sun's chief executive, described the opportunity afforded by the network computer as being ''to kill Microsoft -- that's the top priority for all of us.''
filing, which is due on Aug. 14, Interpublic's chief executive and chief financial officer will be swearing to the accuracy of the annual report for 2001.
Microsoft Loses Key Strategist To Retirement
No wonder Boston Scientific prepared for the meeting in the demeanor of public penitence.
When that failed, he urged the employee to provide an identification card so that another person could enter Morgan Stanley's offices and break into the computers.
Because the quarterly report proved to be a surprise even to Intel, the company said it would no longer provide midquarter financial updates as it has long done.
Eric Dezenhall, a veteran corporate crisis expert and president of Dezenhall Resources in Washington, said it appeared that Wal-Mart had become tired of communicating its message of change through news organizations.
Unaware that Pfizer was preparing a hostile bid, Mr. Stafford and Lodewijk J. R. de Vink, the chairman of Warner-Lambert, began explaining the details of their deal to reporters at the Plaza Hotel at 11:30 a.m. yesterday.
Sailing against a fierce head wind, Microsoft delivered the legal arguments today that it hoped would stave off an adverse antitrust ruling, taking issue with a judge's conclusions about the case and restating many arguments that he had already rejected.
Instead, Microsoft's lawyers, pursuing a strategy first laid out in a court hearing last week, offered counterarguments only to the specific charges and statements detailed in the original lawsuit filed last May.
Microsoft, industry executives say, feared that the shells could undermine the value of Windows by becoming an ''alternative interface'' that users see first and could be used to start programs like word processors, spreadsheets and games.
First-quarter losses at Intel Corp and Advanced Micro Devices Inc are seen as main factor for 76-point drop in technology-laden Nasdaq composite index; S G Cowen analyst Drew Peck says there is permanent change in microprocessor business and prices will never recover; Advanced Micro Devices reports loss of $128.4 million for quarter ended March 28, compared with loss of $62.7 million in year-earlier period; revenues rose 17 percent, to $631.6 million, from $540.9 million in 1998 first quarter (M)
Microsoft Seeks to Defuse Privacy Worries
Yet, according to an executive close to the negotiations, the contract terms did not commit AT&T to actually use the Microsoft software, and it ended up shunning the Microsoft technology.
Mr. Linsey yesterday sent a federal judge a letter that he said was mailed to Wal-Mart's chief executive, Lee Scott, by a businessman who complained that his company had lost contracts at several Wal-Marts in the South to contractors who used illegal immigrants.
AT&T initially resisted, but ended up putting the cable company up for auction, forcing Comcast into a bidding war with AOL Time Warner and Cox Communications.
''Our public image,'' Mr. Jamieson, the Exxon chief executive in 1974, said then, ''is at a low ebb.''
Morgan Stanley's defense was limited to trying to prove that Mr. Perelman did not rely on its advice.
Frequently, Compaq's actions have not fit neatly into the picture of a company in Microsoft's monopolistic grip, constantly seeking favors and ever-fearful of reprisal -- the picture the Government tried to paint in court last week when a Compaq executive took the stand as a defense witness for Microsoft.
Advertising column on comeback staged by Adidas under leadership of Robert Louis-Dreyfus; Adidas closed out 1997 with record net income of $255 million, 48 percent more than year before, on revenues of $3.6 billion, overtaking Fila USA as No 3 athletic shoe supplier in United States and setting its sights on passing Reebok for No 2 slot behind Nike; Adidas spent large sums to create cooler image for Adidas with young people, signing up big-name athletes in sponsorship deals; it still has far to go to catch Nike's shadow; Nike has its problems, but it continues to control 47 percent of American sneaker sales, compared with 15 percent for Reebok and just 6 percent for Adidas; photo (M)
Despite intense pressure to match a $10 billion all-cash bid from the rival Norfolk Southern Corporation, the CSX Corporation has decided for now not to raise its offer for Conrail.
Mr. Fourtou announced the sale of several divisions, including Telepiu, an Italian pay television network, to Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation for 1 billion euros -- although Mr. Murdoch's company later issued a statement saying that no definitive agreement had yet been signed.
In August, the News Corporation announced that Gemstar's woes had caused it to record a further charge of $1.6 billion.
A Citigroup spokeswoman, Leah Johnson, said yesterday that no company official had any more to say about the matter.
At the same time Microsoft reported an overall decline in shipments of its server operating systems, a potentially troubling sign reflecting lower corporate spending in this higher-margin portion of the company's business.
Bell, vice chairman, as Mr. Dooner's successor; and fire James R. Heekin III, chairman and chief executive of the largest Interpublic unit, the McCann-Erickson World Group.
In its most aggressive move beyond the software arena and into the media business, the Microsoft Corporation is nearing a deal to invest $1 billion in the Comcast Corporation, the nation's sixth-largest cable television operator, according to executives familiar with the discussions.
''In the short term, there is no question that Comcast has done some damage to its credibility because investors are accustomed to seeing Comcast succeed and do the right thing for its shareholders,'' said Aryeh Bourkoff, who follows the cable industry for UBS.
''It is still a long way to go,'' warned Richard Matzke, president of Chevron Overseas Petroleum Inc., a unit of the Chevron Corporation.
Reached yesterday in Las Vegas, Ms. Roehm denied Wal-Mart's accusations of an affair with Mr. Womack, and she said she had not had job discussions with Draft FCB.
Electronic Arts, the world's No.
Some analysts say that rather than pay tens of billions of dollars to Vodafone, Verizon should use its money to build the technology needed to connect its landline and broadband businesses with its wireless business.
Whole Foods has a written policy not to sell foie gras, Ms. Lowery said, ''because of the cruelty,'' a reference to the force-feeding of ducks and geese to make their livers grow large and fatty.
executives in July 1995 in which Mr. Gates was irate over ''I.B.M.
Computer industry analysts said that the incident echoed a 1992 controversy in which Microsoft employees masqueraded as independent computer users and posted messages to public computer bulletin boards with opinions critical of I.B.M.
In addition to AT&T and AOL Time Warner, Comcast, the No.
Slim's fixed-line company, to pay $676 million for Verizon's 28.5 percent stake in the leading Venezuelan provider, Compaia Annima Nacional Telfonos de Venezuela.
Since August 1987, a holder who stuck with I.B.M.
''If we don't win, this is the framework that will govern our operations worldwide,'' the person close to Microsoft said.
Nonetheless, Microsoft's brief said: ''Research and development organizations are fragile organisms, and the notion that they can be be pulled apart with minimal adverse consequences is dangerously naive.''
As a result, Mr. Ryan certified yesterday afternoon that Aon's books were in order, meeting yesterday's deadline under a new federal requirement for major American companies after the scandals at Enron, WorldCom and other corporations.
Everett H Ortner letter, in light of Time Warner-American Online merger, comments on poor service he receives from AOL (Jan 11 article)
Last week, Microsoft agreed to pay $440 million to InterTrust Technologies Corporation to settle a three-year-old patent infringement suit.
With a decreased need for semiconductors worldwide, sales at Applied Materials were cut in half over the last 12 months.
The new software -- which Microsoft hopes to use in commercial products within the year -- would act as a combination secretary and traffic cop to hold back the torrents of electronic and voice mail, appointment requests and Internet information that increasingly threaten to overwhelm today's office workers.
Coalition of leading health insurers, including Oxford Health Plans, Cigna HealthCare, Aetna/US Healthcare and Prudential HealthCare, decided in recent weeks to pay for experimental treatments for cancer, but only for policyholders who participate in clinical trials sanctioned by Federal health agencies; until now, virtually all insurance companies routinely refused to pay for care of patients in clinical research; they argued that experimental drugs and procedures were not covered by their policies because they had not been deemed effective; insurance industry has begun to signal willingness to finance medical research, change that would have seemed improbable just few years ago; new programs are limited in scope, restricted to single state or adopted on test basis; most prominent effort is expected to be announced by New Jersey Gov Christine Todd Whitman; insurers, members of New Jersey Association of Health Plans, include most health insurance companies in state, paying or administering benefits for 60 percent of New Jersey residents, or 4.8 million people (M)
The penalty phase of the long-running case began in a federal courtroom here today, with nine states that have broken away from a settlement between Microsoft and the government telling the judge that unless the court imposed stronger punishments on the company, it would continue using its monopoly on the personal computer operating system to crush rivals in technologies like media players and the Linux operating system.
Yet Microsoft badly trailed Netscape in the browser field.
Motorola, looking for a new chief executive as it struggles to reverse a long-term decline in its business, has narrowed its search to two candidates and will announce a choice soon, a company spokeswoman said last night.
The options included adding P.D.F.-reading software in Vista, letting PC makers hide Microsoft's document format and related software, letting PC makers in Europe remove the document software and offering a higher-priced version of Vista in Europe that includes the software.
Furthermore, some analysts said, PeopleSoft's customer rebate program, in which it offers buyers the possibility of receiving several times their money back in the event of an Oracle takeover, may have hurt earnings in recent quarters after many customers jumped to take advantage of the program last year.
Amazon offered no details on when or even if it might offer movie rental service.
Microsoft's Xbox division is not profitable.
The Washington Post added in $17 billion of Time Warner debt to arrive at $183 billion.
''There is an economic interest in Brasil Telecom through our venture-capital arm, but there's no controlling interest,'' said Shannon Bell, a spokeswoman for Citigroup in New York.
He also said that Raytheon's aggressive acquisition strategy might have stretched the company's management team beyond its limits.
This week, after a crash course on high-tech industries, which featured the frequent use of arcane acronyms and testimony from executives and experts from all corners of the business, Judge Kollar-Kotelly will finally hear oral arguments on a Microsoft motion to exclude much of the evidence the states presented.
Memo Pad column; Travel & Leisure magazine lists world's top business hotels according to informal survey of readers; Americans traveling by air to Canada, Mexico, Caribbean and Bermuda will need to present passport to return to US under new federal border security rules starting Jan 8, 2007; State Department says only about 27 percent of Americans have valid passports; Commerce Department says Canada and Mexico are top international destinations for travelers from US; Emirate airline plans to start daily nonstop service from New York to Hamburg on Oct 29; Boeing Co announces new model of its Boeing Business Jet, its largest private jet, at National Business Aviation Association trade show in Orlando, Fla; Boeing has sold 114 of new jet, which cost about $43 million each, not including cabin finishing; Dole Food Co has ordered three Eclipse 500 very light aircraft; $1.52 million jets will be used for short regional flights; world's airlines have scheduled more than 25,000 flights this month between North America and Western Europe, nearly 1,400 more than in October year ago and highest figures for month since 9/11 terrorist attacks (M)
Proving that Microsoft's monopoly power harms consumers has always been a difficulty in the government's case against the company.
Starbucks said yesterday that it would restate three years of financial results, reducing retained earnings in the 2002, 2003 and 2004 fiscal years by $12.6 million because of errors in the way it accounted for leases.
The dispute was part of a bitter feud between the two companies that began when Time Warner refused to carry Fox's new all-news cable channel on its systems serving New York City, a battle that eventually brought Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani in on the side of Fox.
After several minutes of having his photo taken in an orange Home Depot apron during a store tour here, Mr. Blank became a bit impatient.
Three developments were driving the Halliburton settlement: the growing fear of asbestos liability, which if not dealt with quickly has had devastating consequences for companies; the interest of claimants to receive compensation quickly, ideally from solvent companies; and the fear by lawyers for claimants that legislation might be enacted limiting corporate liability.
Wal-Mart Stores has been aggressively opening scaled-down versions of its Supercenters -- less than one-quarter their size -- called Neighborhood Markets.
Either side in the case could conceivably make use of the BountyQuest material: Barnesandnoble.com could argue that the new material invalidates the one-click patent, while Amazon.com might assert that the imperfect submissions demonstrate the uniqueness of its patent.
The Federal Government asked a judge today to order the Microsoft Corporation to stop forcing makers of personal computers to include its Internet browser when they install its Windows 95 operating system.
Talks Stall At Boeing, And Engineers Go On Strike
Earlier this year, the Pentagon also penalized Boeing's satellite operations after finding that the company had stolen documents from a competitor, the Lockheed Martin Corporation.
In another sign of weakness for the technology sector in the second half of 2002, Apple Computer said that its sales and revenues slumped in the recent quarter and that earnings in the current quarter could be well below Wall Street's expectations.
Indeed, he showed a particular dislike for the two Microsoft executives and the company they have built into the world's largest independent software developer.
The original commercial was not overtly product-focused but ended with a Nike ''swoosh'' logo in the lower right corner of the screen.
A spokeswoman for Wal-Mart, which has been silent on the proposal, said the company had no comment on the decision.
Differences between Microsoft Corp's Windows 95 personal computer operating system and its Windows CE discussed; Windows CE runs on computers with no moving parts, including new PC companions, and is showing up inside things other than computers (M)
In fact, Mr. Baer says, Intel's decision to punish the three manufacturers was done only to compel the companies to settle their patent dispute on Intel's terms.
Still, people who know both Time Warner and America Online say that the inevitable battles over corporate culture that exist in any merger will likely break out first in the advertising sales area, because the two companies are so different.
Cisco Buoyed By Earnings, But It Sees No Turnaround
Under pressure from lawmakers, Chevron and other big producers have said that they would renegotiate their leases.
Joining the parade of financial woes stemming from the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks, the News Corporation of Australia said yesterday that it would badly miss its main financial goals for its fiscal year.
Dr William St John LaCorte contends Merck defrauded federal Medicare and Medicaid programs as it marketed its heartburn drug Pepcid to hospitals and nursing homes in 1990's; says in whistle-blower suit that when he prescribed Zantac to his patients in hospitals and nursing homes, he later found that they were given Pepcid without his permission; contends his patients suffered because Pepcid can be more toxic than Zantac if lower does is not used; also contends Merck gave hospitals substantial discounts on Pepcid to prompt them to switch patients to that drug; Merck spokesman Christopher Loder says suit lacks merit (M)
Another sign of economic weakness was seen as I.B.M.
Royal Caribbean's spokeswoman, Lynn Martenstein, would say only that the company had cooperated with investigators and did not believe foul play was involved.
Delaying the introduction in Europe, they said in a letter made public by Microsoft on Thursday, ''would put European companies at a competitive disadvantage with every other company around the world who does have access to these new technologies.''
The drug's manufacturer, Abbott Laboratories, disputed the figures, saying that the deaths had not been proved to be related to the drug and that in any case the number would represent a very small percentage of the nine million people who have taken the drug worldwide since it went on the market in 1998.
Carl Shapiro, an economics consultant to Intel from the University of California at Berkeley, acknowledges that there may be areas of rivalry -- Digital, for example, produces a microprocessor that competes with Intel's Pentium chips in a very limited market -- but argues that the behavior under challenge by the commission is overwhelmingly limited to the relationship between the chip maker and its customers.
Boeing Ethics Woes Take Toll on the Bottom Line
The third quarter was a tough one for Citigroup and other banks because of the economic disruption of the September terrorist attacks, but the company's global consumer business reported a 26 percent increase in earnings before nonrecurring charges.
Although the Justice Department blocked a planned merger of Staples and Office Depot in 1997 on anticompetitive grounds, analysts project that together, the three big-box retailers have no more than 20 percent of what may well be a $250 billion market for office supplies in North America alone.
Asked if he felt confident making such a huge investment in a company as troubled as Apple, Prince Walid replied that Apple's situation ''is bad, but not that bad.''
''Whatever the relevance of Microsoft's arguments about why it wanted Windows users also to use Internet Explorer, those arguments cannot apply to Internet Explorer use by Apple users.''
Of the $300 million to be paid, $140 million was charged against earnings in Intel's most recent quarter.
Additionally, the law firm of Lerach Coughlin Stoia Geller Rudman & Robbins filed a class-action lawsuit in Kansas City, Mo., against H&R Block yesterday, citing similar accusations.
Fay Landes, an analyst with Sanford C. Bernstein, who has been among Priceline's harshest critics, said the news emphasized the flaws in the company's business.
When asked whether the Democratic alternative of immediate ''rebates'' to poor and middle-class citizens would not be a more potent lift, Mr. Growney said Motorola supported anything ''that gives consumers some dollars.''
The banker, Christian Curry, 24, of Chappaqua, N.Y., was dismissed from Morgan Stanley Dean Witter in April and filed a Federal lawsuit in August that claims he lost his job because he is black.
''Any remedy that does not let the consumer make the ultimate choice will not be effective because of Microsoft's enormous power, often coercive power, in the computer industry,'' said Mr. Bork, who is also a consultant to Netscape.
Microsoft's proposal to donate more than $1 billion in software, computers and expertise to the nation's poorest schools would do little damage to the company's bottom line, Apple and other critics say, but would help it shore up its lead in one market it does not already dominate: education.
Indeed, as Mr. Gerstner said today, the troubles at I.B.M.
Still others have questioned the need for the 767's at all, saying that existing tankers could be overhauled or that there are other alternatives to acquiring new Boeing planes, whether through lease or purchase.
Merck quickly ended the trial after the results of the study showed last week that the drug led to heart attacks and strokes.
If Apple had failed to settle with Cisco and subsequently lost the battle in court, it could have been liable for financial penalties for each unit that it sold.
Goldman Sachs Group will team up with Starwood Capital to buy biggest golf course management company, National Golf Properties Inc, for $246 million in cash and $850 million in assumed liabilities; National Golf, along with its American Golf affiliate, owns or operates more than 300 golf courses in US, Britain and other countries; photo (M)
Gordon E. Eubanks Jr., a veteran software industry executive who testified on Microsoft's behalf at the antitrust trial, said he did not think the industry would suffer from the remedy proposed by the government.
Microsoft also questioned the even-handedness of Judge Jackson's decisions in general.
Korean Air Lines, bucking trend that has seen many Asian airlines delay orders for new airplanes as result of region's economic crisis, plans to announce next week that it is buying 27 new Boeing 737 passenger jets valued at $1.35 bilion (M)
Day 11 of Strike by Boeing Machinists With No End in Sight
did not provide revenue figures for individual countries, but that IBM Argentina's public-sector business had been hurt while its private-sector business continued to grow.
Verizon, formed two years ago by Bell Atlantic's acquisition of GTE, said the decision would require it to sell below its costs and discourage it from investing in its network.
SEC and state regulators file civil lawsuits charging fraud by Putnam Investments and two former fund managers in allegedly failing to disclose personal trades by managers that harmed public shareholders; Putnam, which has $272 billion under management and is nation's fifth-largest fund company, allegedly allowed some big investors to trade rapidly in and out of shares, contrary to its stated policy; expanding probe began last month with single complaint by New York against one hedge fund; Boston-based firm, unit of Marsh & McLennan, oversees more than 100 mutual funds for more than 12 million shareholders and 401(k) plans; statement denies fraud; two managers, Justin M Scott and Omid Kamshad, were dismissed; Mass official William F Galvin explains charges; photo (M)
An Oct. 16 fax from the agency to the House Committee on Government Reform, where Mr. Waxman is the ranking Democrat, indicates that the Iraqis are bringing in gasoline at a much lower price than is Halliburton.
Merck said at a hearing before Judge Fallon in New Orleans yesterday that as of Aug. 15, it faced 4,951 lawsuits from people who claim that they suffered heart damage after taking the drug, or from the families of people who died after taking it.
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter accuses former employee who filed discrimination suit against it of brazenly stealing firm's money through systematic false expense claims, and says employee's contentions of racism and homophobia at firm amount to 'extortion scheme'; firm also says it has evidence that efforts by former employee, Christian L Curry, to plant fake racist E-mail messages on its computers were more extensive than previously known; firm claims Curry offered another employee $100,000 to help plant fake messages but that employee declined; Morgan Stanley itself made $10,000 payment to informant involved in police undercover operations against Curry, which it calls 'reward' for help in thwarting crime; firm says informant then tried to extort larger sums of money (M)
The Bell Atlantic Corporation and The DSC Communications Corporation have filed a $3.5 billion lawsuit against the AT&T Corporation, accusing the company  of stifling competition by building important telephone equipment to incompatible standards.
For their part, the machinists are angry that Boeing has demanded concessions even as its profits have rebounded strongly.
G.M., he said, ''must have felt or known that the image of General Motors was dreadful in order to take such a step.''
Mr. Schwartz argues that besides having lower licensing fees than Microsoft, the open-source alternative based around Linux and Sun's own StarOffice program will also offer other indirect cost savings.
Mr. Murdoch's decision to scuttle the Simpson special and book came as some Fox affiliates refused to broadcast the program and as on-air personalities on the Fox News Channel criticized it.
After Comcast made its bid, Disney rejected the offer of 0.78 share of Comcast for each share of Disney, and investors punished Comcast's stock.
The first quarter will be the first time ever that Amazon reports a net loss that is smaller than the one in the period a year earlier.
Microsoft executives said there had been no Microsoft plan to play dirty tricks in its dispute with America Online.
Coca-Cola's crisis began on June 7 when 30 schoolchildren reported illnesses linked to drinking Coke with what Mr. Ivester, in his first public appearance since the scare began, today called an ''off-taste and an off-smell.''
But it's not only competitors like Netscape that have encountered Microsoft's force.
''Wal-Mart has never been able to square its professed Main Street values -- the greeters at the store doors, the flag-waving patriotism -- with the uncomfortable fact that it's bad news for Main Street wherever it goes,'' Dan Baum writes in the article.
This year, Medtronic alerted doctors about a problem in a defibrillator.
"My husband took an AT&T buyout in 1989, my cousin will probably accept this one, and my daughter who just had twins is worried about losing her manager's job."
Novartis AG chairman Dr Daniel Vasella says he has no intention of making hostile bid for American Home Products but adds that fate of company is far from decided despite its pending agreement to merge with Warner-Lambert; sees Pfizer Inc acquiring Warner-Lambert but declines comment on future of American Home Products (M)
Rupert Murdoch, the chairman of the News Corporation, has waged a long battle to enter the Chinese market.
Aetna reports how many of the doctors' patients filled their drug prescriptions and how many of their asthma patients suffered attacks severe enough to send them to a hospital emergency room.
It had been expected to schedule a July 3 vote by its 20 commissioners on the General Electric-Honeywell deal, but after requests for more time from some countries, it was thought that it might delay the vote until the last possible meeting on July 11.
Disney and Mr. Eisner chose not to crow about the end of Comcast's unwelcome hunt, saying nothing at all.
Marriott cut its headquarters staff by nearly 1,000 employees in 1990 and was close to bankruptcy for much of the early 1990's.
Bhopal Critics in Web Hoax Against Dow Chemical
Special report on crisis threatening genetically modified food industry; notes Monsanto Co's political clout gave industry astonishing control over its regulatory destiny; notes genetically modified ingredients may be in over half of America's grocery products, but face worldwide protest; cites Monsanto's shift from strategy of slowly winning over environmental and consumer groups opposed to new technology to push to erase regulatory barriers and shove past opponents; graphs and chart of widening trade barriers against bioengineered food; photos (L)
Coca-Cola Co chairman M Douglas Ivester apologizes to people of Belgium in extraordinary contrite newspaper ads over contamination scare that began there more than a week ago and spread to other countries in Europe; but he stops short of conceding that Coca-Cola products made anyone sick, and study released by company suggests something else had caused their symptoms; study concluded that substances like hydrogen sulfide were present in Coca-Cola soft drinks that people drank before coming down with symptoms like nausea and headaches, but amounts were too tiny to have caused illness; spokesman for Ivester says he met last week with James E Burke, former Johnson & Johnson chairman who helped that company weather crisis caused by cyanide-laced Tylenol in 1986 (M)
Mr. Bell had succeeded James Cantalupo, who died from heart failure while attending a McDonald's convention in Orlando, Fla.
The Interpublic Group of Companies is once again creating a media agency to handle accounts that would present conflicts with clients at existing Interpublic media agencies.
The share prices of the three largest Bell companies, Verizon, SBC and BellSouth, each declined yesterday to their lowest levels in five months.
''This allows us to participate in the fastest-growing segment of the telecommunications industry,'' said Christopher B. Galvin, the chairman and chief executive of Motorola, which is based in Schaumburg, Ill. ''There's an insatiable demand for bandwidth into the home.''
Deal With U.S. Would Let Boeing Avoid Prosecution
''It was a tough decision,'' Robert J. Herbold, executive vice president and chief operating officer at Microsoft in Redmond, Wash., said in a telephone interview.
In interviews here this week, the chief financial officer of SmithKline Beecham and the chief executives of Glaxo Wellcome and AstraZeneca said Warner-Lambert's proposed $72 billion merger with American Home Products had not overly concerned them until Pfizer stepped in with an $80 billion hostile bid for Warner-Lambert.
Microsoft advisers say the effort to put additional evidence into the case shortly before the trial shows that the Government and states are desperately scrambling to strengthen their case.
Spokesmen for both Mattel and Mr. Stein, though, denied tonight that there were management disputes.
In a statement, Merck said that the Lancet study was not comprehensive or new.
American Express defines typical business fares as the standard rate  ''basically the sticker price, the lowest economy-class fare available'' at close to last-minute purchase, said Don Munro, an American Express spokesman.
The move is not particularly surprising, analysts said, given the disappointing financial results that the company reported last month and some recent statements made by I.B.M.
The analysts had been expecting 37 cents when the quarter began Oct. 1, but they had cut their projections after Motorola's first warning on Oct. 10.
''Our actions really reflect the more aggressive financial tendencies of Time Warner and what we think is the heightened risk of further revisions to their capital allocation strategy,'' said Brendan Buckley, an analyst with Fitch.
The union has asked the National Labor Relations Board to file charges against Verizon, asserting that its managers violated the law by soliciting workers to rescind their union pledge cards.
Since Thursday, when reports that Sprint and Nextel were in merger talks first surfaced, investors have focused most on the potential damage to Motorola.
But that restriction was omitted on all leases signed in 1998 and 1999, including the two held by Chevron and its partners.
He said the clinic had also suspended enrollment of patients in a Natrecor study sponsored by Johnson & Johnson.
As part of the sale, General Electric also assumes debt of $655 million held by Greenwich and UNC.
Suzuki Motor of Japan has agreed to pay $89 million for a 14.9 percent stake in GM-Daewoo Auto and Technology, the company that General Motors is forming as a successor to the bankrupt Daewoo Motors.
In interviews before the lawsuit was settled, J. W. Marriott Jr., the chairman of Marriott International,  senior Marriott executives and board members sharply denied that accusation.
Mr. Layman, at Microsoft, said that he understood Mr. Winer's fears, because this is a crucial time for SOAP.
Market Place column examines difficulty Aetna Inc has had since acquiring US Healthcare year ago for $8.8 billion; Aetna acknowledges that in course of integrating two businesses, it lost track of rising health-claim costs; consolidated claims centers were overwhelmed, and there was delay in securing more favorable contracts with doctors and hospitals; consensus is that Aetna moved too fast to integrate two companies, closing offices and firing people before smooth transition could be made; result is lower third-quarter earnings and 10-percent drop in share price; graph (M)
The European Commission says Microsoft has not complied with its antitrust ruling, and is threatening to fine the company as much as 2 million euros ($2.4 million) a day.
Moody's said it was lowering Aon's ratings partly because the company's reorganization had disrupted the flow of its business.
But the most intriguing and potentially important element of the numerous deals is the partnership that AT&T is negotiating with Microsoft, the No.
''In emergency situations, you have a variety of public agencies involved, and they have incompatible radio systems,'' said Charles H. Giancarlo, Cisco's chief development officer.
Japan's Snow Brand Milk Products is scrambling to find rescuer before it collapses in wake of two major scandals involving its products in 18 months; says it hopes to conclude deal by end of its fiscal year on March 31; Moody's Investors Service downgrades company's rating; Snow Brand's meatpacking subsidiary was accused last month of illegally repackaging imported beef to make it appear to be domestic and qualify for special government subsidies; criminal investigation has begun; president Kohei Nishi says he is aggressively seeking alliances and that foreign companies are being courted; photo (M)
So far, many analysts believe that MCI will make only modest gains the next year, at most picking up an additional 5 percent of the market because of A.T.& T.'s bare-knuckled public campaign intended to sow doubt about MCI service.
So, while Morgan Stanley is no longer the pure banking house it once was, its struggling retail businesses and its inability to lend in quantity cause it to come up short when compared with the large commercial banks like Citigroup and J.P. Morgan that Mr. Purcell always judged himself against.
Costs for the plants and warehouses of big suppliers would be comparable to those for the retailers' distribution centers with one major exception -- under Wal-Mart's plan, the manufacturers are to pay the entire cost of buying and applying the tags.
The new processors are the result of a costly development process that Intel started after disclosing several years ago that it had hit a technical wall with its former approach.
Waste Management Cuts Its Profit Forecast for a Second Time
The battle also threatens to scuttle a widely hailed $1.25 billion deal for San Miguel and the Coca-Cola Company to buy the local Coke bottler from Coca-Cola Amatil of Australia.
KPMG also said that it would pay almost $22.5 million in the settlement, including a $10 million civil penalty, repayment of the $9.8 million it earned by auditing Xerox's books during the period, and $2.7 million in interest.
Lodewijk de Vink, Warner-Lambert's chairman, sent a letter today to Pfizer's board that admonished the directors for their actions.
A spokesman for Coca-Cola in Atlanta, Scott Williamson, said the signing of Mr. James was unrelated to the charges against Mr. Bryant.
''This isn't a profitable chip for Intel,'' Mr. Reynolds said, but it ''gives the WiMax market a kick start.''
Price increases put through last year by Coca-Cola were partly to blame for Sprite's disappointing results, as was a slowdown in demand among younger shoppers for carbonated soft drinks as they stepped up sampling of waters, teas and juices.
Coca-Cola has taken out full-page advertisements in European newspapers this week to try to counter the bad publicity but the effects of that and the scare itself on sales in Europe or elsewhere were among the many questions that the company's officials could not answer today.
Boeing was so desperate for workers it was flying them in from around the country, and an economist calculated that one in every five workers at Microsoft was a millionaire, on paper.
THEY say the apple doesn't fall far from the tree, but a big bite of the Apple Computer Inc. account has finally fallen from its longtime perch.
European antitrust regulators have suspended their review of Pfizer's proposed $60 billion acquisition of Pharmacia, possibly delaying completion of the deal until early next year.
In 2003, a federal court jury in Virginia, where MercExchange is based, found that eBay was violating two of the three patents, including the Buy It Now patent, and the court eventually ordered eBay to pay $25 million in damages.
Heading into last week's meeting, it was expected that Mr. Nardelli and Home Depot's directors would face questions over his pay, which last year alone totaled $37.1 million.
Besides, Mr. Litan says he hassaid he had doubts about how well the private litigants will do against Microsoft.
In an interview in his cramped Microsoft office, which is littered with ''Star Trek'' memorabilia, Mr. Rashid recalled there was a catch: The machines arrived with no software -- not even an operating system.
''We are starting a detailed review of all the businesses that have been losers with a much tougher eye than we have before,'' said Andy D. Bryant, Intel's chief financial officer.
Also included in the suit were Sirius Satellite Radio, which was accused of unfair competition over Mr. Stern's CBS contract, and Mr. Stern's agent, Don Buchwald.
Dr. Murphy disagreed, arguing instead that the even wider use of the Internet today allowed for greater threats to Microsoft than when the medium was relatively new.
The looming confrontation between Microsoft and Google is coming as Microsoft prepares to introduce its own advanced Web search service, possibly later this year.
Six weeks ago, the stock was beaten down to $94.8125 a share, from a high of $117 last fall, after word of talks between Procter and American Home Products and Warner-Lambert leaked out.
Yet, it is not certain that Apple could survive such radical surgery.
Bristol accused Microsoft of unfair business dealings.
Pfizer Inc acknowledges that 1999 clinical trial found that elderly patients taking drug Celebrex were far more likely to suffer heart problems than patients taking placebo; seeks to play down trial's significance, saying it was flawed; disclosure of study contradicts earlier public statements by Pfizer about safety of Celebrex; Public Citizen director Sidney M Wolfe says study is further evidence that Celebrex is dangerous; consumer-advocacy group has asked Food and Drug Administration to ban medicine; Dr Gail Cawkwell, Pfizer's medical team leader for Celebrex, says study's importance should not be overstated; adds many other trials have shown that Celebrex is safe, and that medicine is important treatment for arthritis patients; photo of Pfizer's chief executive Henry A McKinnell Jr (M)
No languid August afternoons this year for executives at the drug maker Bristol-Myers Squibb.
Xerox sharply cut prices on some black and white copiers, which increased sales but hurt margins.
His doctors in Aetna Health Plans of California said that his illness was beyond their skills and referred him for treatment to doctors outside the H.M.O.
In addition, weaknesses at Motorola have turned out to be early warnings of broader problems in several technology sectors in recent quarters.
No other serious buyers, however, appear close to making a bid, though Time Warner and General Electric, through its NBC division, are said to be considering offers.
Motorola Inc. warned late today that earnings during the current quarter would fall well below Wall Street's expectations, another jolt for investors in technology stocks who were already alarmed by the Intel Corporation's similar announcement on Wednesday.
US District Judge Federico Moreno dismisses several charges against health insurers Aetna, Cigna and United Healthcare, but says plaintiffs could proceed with accusations that insurers violated federal fraud and pension laws; rules plantiffs representing many health plan subscribers could proceed with claims of fraud under Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations; Humana is also RICO defendant under ruling by Moreno last year; fraud claims are dropped against Prudential units of Aetna in California and Virginia, and Health Net, formerly Foundation Health Systems, in Florida (M)
A strike would also affect Wichita, Kan., where 11,500 machinists work for Boeing, making the fuselages for its single-aisle 737 jets, and Portland, Ore., where the company employs 1,800 members of the union.
But unlike Wal-Mart's experience in Mexico, where an aggressive strategy of acquisitions rapidly made it a dominant force, its early years in Brazil were largely uneventful.
''It has hurt me to read speculation that in pursuing any new venture, I might somehow find myself competing with Citigroup or acting contrary to the company's interests,'' Mr. Weill said in a memorandum to employees.
Goldman Sachs' merger of Archipelago, electronic stock market, and New York Stock Exchange cements Goldman's longstanding role as premier Wall Street firm, and one with most sway over Big Board's future; Goldman has become forceful voice for modernization; other Wall Street firms, including Merrill Lynch and Morgan Stanley, pressed exchange to allow more electronic trading, which would let firms cut number of traders on exchange floor and lower their costs; but none of firms pushed as hard as Goldman did; Big Board's chief John Thain was president of Goldman and was centrally involved in firm's drive to invest in electronic exchanges; merger is fitting coda to Thain's first major initiative as chief executive of exchange; photo (M)
The nation's biggest credit-rating companies, Standard & Poor's and Moody's Investors Service, yesterday lowered their ratings on the debt of Lucent to one notch above the junk level.
Sprint's negotiations to buy Nextel have ignited fears that Motorola will lose its exclusive deal to supply phones and equipment to Nextel; loss could mean gains for Lucent Technologies and Nortel Networks, which are main suppliers of wireless network equipment to Sprint; if merger occurs, Sprint will induce Nextel's more than 15 million subscribers to turn in their handsets, which use unconventional technology called iDEN; Sprint is likely to encourage customers to buy its handsets, which use more common technology known as CDMA, or code division multiple access; Sprint will probably have to order more equipment from Lucent, Nortel and other vendors to handle influx of millions of extra customers; chart (M)
But Microsoft refused to yield to the European demand to offer a version of Windows without its own Media Player, fearing it would set a precedent, the lawyer said.
Although it might be many months or even longer before such a rule took effect, a consolidation of this kind at Coca-Cola could cut the company's short-term earnings and could force it to reclaim billions of dollars of debt that now resides with Coca-Cola Enterprises.
Publishers fear books on Clinton sex scandal would not sell well because potential readers of such books have already been inundated with news by watching cable news channels; Laurence J Kirshbaum, chairman of Time Warner Trade publishing, says media cover story so thoroughly that it becomes hard to write something new or intelligent; some publishing houses are trying to capitalize on scandal with novelty books, but most publishers remain leery of stepping into battle mode to 'crash' out instant books about topic; they learned painful lessons from bounty of books published about O J Simpson, many of which did not sell; photos (M)
Pfizer's plan might seem to violate antitrust law, which can prohibit companies from ''tying'' products together or refusing to sell one unless customers buy another.
The summer of 2003 was proving to be a disaster for the FirstEnergy Corporation, with angry customers, hostile state regulators, a forced reduction of its reported profits and a court loss in a major pollution case.
And when Merck announced that it was withdrawing Vioxx after a study found that it doubled the risk of heart attacks, critics said the F.D.A.
The Newton, initially lauded by Apple as heralding a new era of portable computing, was one of the industry's most high-profile flops when it was introduced in 1993, criticized for being overhyped and overpriced.
The suit did not specify the amount of financial damages that CBS planned to seek.
In addition to the Kellogg-Viacom lawsuit, the Center for Science in the Public Interest has been working with half a dozen lawyers on a possible lawsuit against Coca-Cola, PepsiCo and their major bottlers over the sales of soda and other sugary beverages in schools.
Richard Huber, the chief executive of Aetna, which is based in Hartford, said that he was ''upset, puzzled, frustrated'' by the reaction to the class-action suits against Aetna and other managed-care companies.
Merger of Time Warner with America Online renews concern that news outlets are losing their independence; it fans newer concerns that Internet has become prey to corporate consolidations; worry is not that there are fewer media outlets--opposite is true--but that fewer people have ultimate control over them (M)
Motorola did not disclose its sales of Macintosh compatible computers, but they were believed to be fairly small; it was the No.
The study is bad news for both Sanofi-Aventis and Bristol-Myers Squibb, based in New York, which co-market Plavix.
Union officials also accused Verizon of firing several workers in Albany because they supported a unionization drive.
The Government holds that Microsoft is illegally using the near-monopoly of its Windows operating system to dominate the market for software used to view the World Wide Web.
Victor A. Pelson, executive vice president of AT&T and chairman of its global operations team, explained that negotiations with Telmex were broken off because of concern about possible regulatory problems in the United States.
Microsoft reversed course last month and declared that PC makers could put icons on the Windows XP desktop, after a federal appeals court found that Microsoft's past contracts with PC companies were an overly restrictive abuse of its monopoly power.
Analysts worried that there might be something more amiss with the Gap.
Although the documents were obtained by outside contractors hired by P.& G., Procter & Gamble fired three people from its staff after the espionage came to light.
But the phenomenon was thought to be mainly a scientific curiosity, observed only at very low temperatures, until researchers at I.B.M.
Boeing's suppliers are also increasing production and hiring aggressively, he said, adding ''at the end of the day, Boeing is going to have to pay for that.
But, fearing that CSX and Norfolk Southern overpaid for Conrail, Mr. Rastatter's association negotiated an agreement with the railroads to control rates and see that Union Pacific's problems are not repeated.
Despite Mr. Amelio's deep employment cuts and search for a strategy that would enable Apple to regain its status as a meaningful alternative to a PC world dominated by Microsoft operating systems, his turnaround efforts failed.
Monsanto and DuPont, which owns Pioneer Hi-Bred International, the world's largest seed company, dropped 11 lawsuits and gave each other licenses for their patents.
Mr. Wallace was also the first Microsoft employee to leave the company with stock.
But in Mr. Condit's 31 years with Boeing, he has also seen severe layoffs that accompanied each downturn in the worldwide airline industry.
Charles H. Bell, the son of the founder of General Mills, who helped transform a flour-milling company into an international diversified food manufacturer, died on Saturday in Santa Barbara, Calif.
The avenue around the tree was blocked off last month so that thousands of people from the Venezuelan capital could be brought in to watch Santa Claus arrive on a Coca-Cola truck, scattering souvenirs to all.
The official, L. Nick Lacey, the acting director of the Flight Standards Service, said the problem at Alaska Airlines was not simply the specific flaws found, but the pattern of errors and the failure to correct them.
He continued taking Vioxx until shortly before Merck stopped selling the drug in September 2004.
At the suggestion of Wake Up Wal-Mart, members of the nation's largest teachers' unions staged a boycott of Wal-Mart for back-to-school supplies this fall.
Excerpts from oral arguments in Microsoft antitrust case before US Appeals Court; representing Microsoft are Richard J Urowsky and Steven L Holley; John G Roberts Jr argues for state attorneys general who sued Microsoft along with Justice Department
Protesters took control of the Nike Web site yesterday and redirected visitors to a site urging organizations to gather at and disrupt a world economic summit meeting planned for later this year in Australia.
Sharses of Digital Equipment and Intel rise on newspaper report that Digital Equipment may drop its patent infringement lawsuit against Intel Corp and give its Alpha chip technology to Intel in exchange for cash, product discounts and long-term alliance; Alpha chip has had weak sales even though many experts consider it technically superior to anything made by Intel; selling technology to Intel might be graceful way for Digital to rid itself of costly investment that has not paid off (M)
Bank of America, meanwhile, said it was cutting back its Brazilian operation sharply, eliminating at least three-fourths of its work force of 200.
Carnival sent its own letter saying Royal Caribbean's was ''blatantly untrue'' and calling it a scare tactic.
If the notes' five-year terms elapsed without incident, Citigroup promised to return the investors' principal.
Oracle has long been known as one of the most aggressive acquirers of technology companies.
Morgan Stanley has agreed to pay $2.7 million for violating rules in connection with initial public offerings sold at the height of the stock market bubble in the late 1990's, regulators announced yesterday.
There are five Target stores in three New York City boroughs: the Bronx, Brooklyn and Queens; so far, to contradict a famous Lorenz Hart lyric, Target does not have Manhattan (or Staten Island).
General Motors Corp says sales fell 4 percent in October compared with year-earlier period, mostly because of weak sales of vans and small utility vehicles and pickup trucks; Ford Motor Co says sales dropped 2.1 percent; seasonally adjusted annual rate of sales in US reached 14.7 million, compared with 15 million in September and 15.5 million in August and July; Toyota Motor Co says sales rose 2.9 percent; Mazda Motor Co says sales rose 5.7 percent; Mercedes says sales jumped 81.8 percent; Hyundai Motor Co says sales rose 9.9 percent, and Porsche AG says sales climbed 69.6 percent; Volkswagen AG sales fell five-tenths of 1 percent; sales at Suzuki Motor Corp plunged 29.4 percent; sales at BMW AG fell 3.2 percent, and sales at Juguar, the Ford unit, dropped 6 percent; chart; graph (L)
Stephen Ban, a spokesman for Aon in Chicago, said surviving employees now had two full-time jobs.
Andrew Pelletier, a spokesman for Wal-Mart Canada, which is based in the Toronto suburb of Mississauga, Ontario, said the store selection was ''generally performance based'' and not focused on union status.
Last year, Apple announced that Disney, which owns ABC, would sell ''Desperate Housewives'' and ''Lost'' through iTunes, and other TV studios, which were facing their own uncertain digital future, quickly followed suit.
Forming a partnership with Google is not an option for MSN, analysts said, because Google is potentially a bigger threat for market share than Yahoo.
Instead, Mr. Gilmartin said, Merck would use the money from the sale to pay for small acquisitions and licensing deals, and he dismissed suggestions by analysts that the company would enter into any large transactions.
Microsoft is planning a new category of products that the company's chairman, Bill Gates, calls ''smart personal objects,'' including travel alarm clocks and wristwatches that receive text messages of weather reports, traffic information, sports scores and family messages.
According to the people close to the investigation, Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs have vigorously disputed the accusations.
Standard & Poor's Corp and Moody's Investors Service, in wake of criticism for not being quick enough to identify financial problems at Enron Corp, say they are considering changing way they determine their debt ratings to make them more timely and reflective of market prices and sentiment (M)
Maurice Greenberg, the chief executive of the American International Group, called on Friday for ''laws that prevent labor unions from being so militant that it destroys or disrupts a company.''
''When Wal-Mart opens against a big regional leader -- like Jitney-Jungle in Louisiana -- they lose 50 percent of volume overnight and the competitor never recovers,'' Mr. Flickinger added.
With its cable and possible Microsoft deals, AT&T -- which two years ago seemed a crippled giant losing ground to smaller, more nimble competitors -- is poised to once again stand astride the communications world.
But Intel said there were no signs of a price war.
United States District Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson is considering whether to hold the Microsoft Corporation in contempt and fine the company $1 million a day for failing to comply with his order.
And even if they do, they will be battling Time Warner, TCI and others for a rarefied group of consumers who are willing to spend more than $60 a month for television service.
Intel, of course, went on to dominate semiconductor manufacturing, and today Mr. Moore, 73, says through a spokesman that he does not remember the article, which appeared in the September 1970 issue of the journal Electronics.
In fact, Kodak's problems may be more macro than micro.
Intuit Inc says it will sell its electronic bill-payment processing business to its main competitor in that field, Checkfree Corp, for $227.6 million in stock; says it intends to focus on its core software businesses, while expanding its services over Internet; Intuit also announces widening losses for its fiscal fourth quarter ended July 31; including charges, net loss in quarter grew to $22 million, from $1.4 million in year earlier; graph (M)
Indeed, Microsoft must shoulder a lot of the responsibility for the security woes suffered by its customers, analysts say.
Cramming Windows into a Treo was calculated to turn the heads of corporate buyers whose motto is, ''Nobody ever got fired for buying Microsoft.''
''The whole issue is what the Roundup and herbicide-tolerant franchise is worth,'' said Dr. Benbrook, who has been a critic of Monsanto.
Netscape, which went public 10 years ago this month, and its Web browser, Navigator, were supposed to fell Microsoft -- but it is Netscape that is no longer in business.
How ardently the low-key, humorous campaign is embraced by consumers is vital not only to the Bank of America Corporation but also to Interpublic, the agency company struggling to overcome a spate of serious financial and operational difficulties.
Intel Corp is joining with American Cancer Society, National Foundation for Cancer Research, University of Oxford and United Devices Inc to develop system permitting home and work personal computer users to donate excess processing power on their desktop machines to try to solve scientific and medical computing problems (S)
Unexpectedly sluggish post-Thanksgiving sales led Wal-Mart to reduce prices sharply on a small assortment of goods and to take out newspaper ads -- both unusual moves for it.
By issuing bullish stock ratings and underwriting multibillion-dollar WorldCom bond offerings when it should have known better, Citigroup failed investors.
The lawsuit, filed in Benton County Circuit Court in Arkansas, came after Wal-Mart sent a letter last month to Mr. Coughlin's lawyers, accusing him of ''a scheme to misappropriate corporate funds and property for his own personal benefit.''
Microsoft's bid to AOL is in flux, one executive briefed on the negotiations said, but most of its proposals no longer involve its taking an ownership stake in America Online.
Intel has suggested that computer manufacturers install an on-off switch in each computer that allows the user to hide the chip's serial number when the switch is turned off.
He also noted that Wal-Mart worked assiduously to develop a uniform culture in its organization and citied statistical evidence of ''class-wide gender disparities'' when it comes to pay and promotions.
''The big question is: Can Delphi get business from other auto companies in volumes to offset the loss of business from General Motors?''
The plan was to pay the drivers to circle the San Francisco Moscone Convention Center during the Microsoft event inside.
Europe Rejects Microsoft's Bid To Preserve Bundling Plan
THE $1 billion deal recently struck between the Walt Disney Company and OMD USA, the media arm of the Omnicom Group, has become a subject of much controversy in the clubby world of media advertising.
Technology Briefing
The chief executive of Wal-Mart took the offensive on Tuesday against critics who have sought to block stores in New York, Los Angeles and Chicago, insisting that the company was good for consumers and good for its 1.3 million American employees.
Mr. Rose also took issue with the Government's accusation that Microsoft threatened in 1996 to cancel Compaq's license to sell Windows with its computers when Microsoft learned that Compaq was also loading Netscape on its machines.
He noted that despite the soft sales, Motorola expected to match or come close to Wall Street's estimate that the company would lose 5 cents a share in the quarter.
Cedric Burgher, vice president for investor relations at Halliburton, denied that the charges the company plans to take and the changes in its approach to offshore projects reflected flaws in the merger.
But they suggested that problems at Boston Scientific had festered in part because top executives -- who have spent nearly two months in a bidding war with Johnson & Johnson for Guidant -- failed to resolve quality-control issues.
Honeywell has had a rough year both in terms of stock price and earnings, and several analysts have said it was vulnerable to takeover.
Mr. Rather said he had turned down what he characterized as the only offer the network had made for future employment -- an office and a secretary at CBS News, but no affiliation with any programs.
Auto makers sold new family vehicles at blistering pace in January; with gasoline prices continuing to fall, sales of gas-guzzling sport utility vehicles, pickup trucks and minivans soared, rising 19 percent at DaimlerChrysler, 20 percent at Ford Motor Co and 32 percent at Toyota Motor Corp; car sales were also brisk after months of weakness (M)
Scripps-PARC Institute, partnership of Xerox Corp's Palo Alto Research Center and Scripps Research Institute, announces development of cancer detection system based on laser printer technology; technique involves tagging cancer cells with fluorescent marker and then scanning blood cells with laser looking for fluorescence (M)
Victor Wang, the former chairman of Duke & Company, a brokerage firm that became a criminal enterprise under his direction until it closed in 1998, was sentenced yesterday to serve 7 1/2 years to 22 1/2 years in state prison.
Yahoo is worried about fending off Google, in part because it gave early exposure to the fledging search company with a deal to use Google search results on its own site.
If all goes as planned, Sea Launch will fire into space six Zenits a year, though Mr. Albaugh of Boeing said the pace could be quickened to eight.
Microsoft's offer was an attempt to address the European Commission's concerns that the company is putting rival players, like the RealOne Player from RealNetworks, at a disadvantage by bundling Media Player, Microsoft's own audio- and video-playing software, into the Windows operating system.
Boeing is getting orders only because of our inability to meet demand.
Nielsen has accused Don't Count Us Out of being little more than a front organization for News Corporation.
Hundreds of corporations that had offices in World Trade Center need help with insurance claims for loss of lives and property, but their brokers are in crisis themselves; Aon Corp, which had one of largest work forces in Trade Center, says that of its 1,100 employees who worked there, about 200 are still missing; Marsh & McLennan Companies says 313 of its employees are missing (M)
And much to Microsoft's irritation, Google, the Silicon Valley start-up turned powerhouse, has successfully wooed some of Microsoft's leading engineers.
According to the list (www.sardata.com/sardata.htm), which was compiled from information on the commission's Web site, the cell phone with the highest SAR level in digital mode is Ericsson's T28 World model (1.49 watts per kilogram); Motorola's StarTAC 7860 has the lowest level (0.24 watts per kilogram).
Even so, there remain many on Madison Avenue who believe that General Motors can turn around, although, as more than one executive said, it will not be easy.
Article on advantages and disadvantages of Airbus A380 airplane, which will start flying commercially next year, and rival Boeing Co's 7E7 airplane; drawing (M)
A new threat is Photo Draw 2000, a combined photography and graphics program from Microsoft, which has long coveted Adobe's lead in the publishing and imaging software business.
Xerox lost 8 cents a share in this market in the second quarter.
If Merck has a light top-line performance, investors may worry if they can carry both through.''
The suit contends, for example, that Exxon Mobil provided barracks where the military tortured detainees and lent heavy equipment like excavators that, the suit says, were used to dig mass graves.
EMI, which releases music by artists including Coldplay and the Beatles, has discussed various proposals to sell unprotected files through an array of digital retailers, including Apple, Microsoft, Real Networks and Yahoo, said the executives, who spoke on condition of anonymity.
After two years of execution troubles, Intel said it was ahead of schedule in the introduction of its Pentium 4 microprocessor and its complementary components, known as the 845 chipset.
The strike has also strained relations between Verizon's management and its striking rank-and-file technicians and customer service representatives.
Warden also argued that Intuit had chosen to include Microsoft's Web browser with Intuit products instead of Netscape's because Microsoft's was technically superior, not because of any pressure from Microsoft.
US Airways chief executive David N Siegel says carrier faces threat to its survival from Southwest Airlines, which is soon to invade its Philadelphia hub, and needs third round of labor contract concessions; says formal contract talks will begin in April; only pilots' union has agreed to open talks; machinists' union reiterates its stand against more wage and benefits cuts (M)
This time, it was Microsoft that was snubbed at the last minute.
''When you sign on with a password, the technology you are using owes a debt to the work that Roger did, dating back to the 1960's,'' said Richard Rashid, a computer scientist and senior vice president for research at Microsoft.
Still, Mr. Funtleyder wrote that he did not ex Merck's potential new drugs, including the experimental diabetes medicine and a vaccine for cervical cancer, to make up for sales lost when Zocor loses its patent protection.
An investment in AT&T would be partly defensive for Microsoft.
Microsoft has been pressing a multifaceted campaign to block any new suit.
The Microsoft Corporation had argued that Mr. Lessig's published articles and private comments betray a ''clear bias'' against the company.
Michael Elling, a telecommunications analyst at Oppenheimer & Company, said that A.T.& T.'s campaign to create doubt had largely offset its rivals' efforts.
Zoloft is sold by Pfizer as a treatment for depression and other disorders.
''I don't think it is arrogant to say there are really only two companies that can set broad strategic directions in computing -- I.B.M.
''Boeing is more than in the penalty box with the Pentagon,'' said Charles Gabriel, an analyst with Prudential Securities.
Microsoft Corp warns computer users someone posing electronically as company executive fooled VeriSign Inc, provider of digital signatures, into issuing fraudulent electronic certificates in Microsoft's name; false documents could be used by software virus writers or other vandals trying to trick unsuspecting users into running hostile programs on their computers (M)
Boston Scientific argues, in turn, that Medinol had little if anything to do with the design of its current products and that Medinol's actions delayed the entries of important products to the market.
Mr. Cantalupo died in Orlando, Fla., while attending a McDonald's convention.
Citigroup's stock, one of the nation's most widely held, was the biggest drag yesterday on the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index.
Since the acquisition, Citigroup has settled more than 200 private lawsuits against Associates, though more than 400 remain.
As witness upon witness was interviewed by regulators to determine what the effect of the deal would be, lawyers for the two companies continued to try to assuage the divided commission, arguing up until Tuesday afternoon that PepsiCo had an even bigger obstacle than Gatorade to raising prices: the Coca-Cola Company.
Amy Hoffar, a spokeswoman for DDB Chicago, attributed those layoffs to ''the loss of the General Mills and Energizer accounts, reduced spending from a number of clients and the effect of a weakening economy.''
The operating system delay is the second slip for Apple this year.
The changes were announced late this afternoon, after trading had ended on the New York Stock Exchange, where Waste Management gained 25 cents to close at $24.75.
The complaint says that Morgan Stanley responded promptly to her charge and handled it properly.
Citigroup is moving more than 1,000 employees to New Jersey from Lower Manhattan, according to government officials and real estate executives, in a major realignment that raises new doubts about the pace of economic rejuvenation downtown.
European regulators are considering approving proposed $20 billion combination of music division of Time Warner Inc and EMI Group into joint venture, development that would remove last major barrier in Europe to acquisition of Time Warner by America Online; change of view among regulators comes in wake of new concessions proposed by Time Warner and EMI, which include offer to sell Virgin record label (M)
ImClone Systems rejects demands by Bristol-Myers Squibb to rework their $2 billion agreement to develop and market cancer drug Erbitux; Bristol-Myers does not immediately carry through with threat to terminate relationship, saying it will continue to work with ImClone least until companies meet with Food and Drug Administration on Feb 26 to discuss drug's status; Bristol-Myers' chairman-chief executive Peter R Dolan says in letter to ImClone's board that two companies still have 'fundamentally different view' of what must be done to win approval for drug (M)
In August 1996, in what was viewed by analysts as an embarrassment to Pepsi, the Cisneros Group, an independent franchise Pepsi bottler for 45 years, formed a joint venture with Coca-Cola.
Analysis of European Commission antitrust ruling intended to force Microsoft to change its business strategy of bundling new products into its dominant Windows personal computer operating system; ruling, if upheld on appeal, may have greater impact on future of global software industry than on company's immediate business outlook; could leave company with European regulator scrutinizing what it puts into future generations of Windows and what it leaves out; comes as other forces are also weakening Microsoft's grip on desktop computers; graph of company stock price since it began facing antitrust actions; photo (M)
As for Mr. Lane's abrupt resignation, another former high-ranking Oracle executive said Mr. Lane might have simply felt that his eight years at Oracle under Mr. Ellison's mercurial leadership was enough time served.
Citigroup, in the settlement, denied allegations of wrongdoing.
Making a further move into the market for cardiovascular drugs, the biotechnology giant Amgen has formed an alliance with Cytokinetics, a smaller company developing an experimental drug to treat heart failure.
The possibility of a conflict between Mr. Weill's obligations at Citigroup and his role as an AT&T board member came up in August, when the New York attorney general, Eliot Spitzer, issued a subpoena to AT&T, for documents related to Salomon's selection in April 2000 as an underwriter for a large offering of AT&T stock.
Half of the overall drop in revenue came from a $275 million loss in the I.B.M.
In a harshly worded complaint to the commission, AT&T said Frontier has dragged its feet in switching customers over to AT&T -- except for those with a history of not paying their bills.
Universal Music threatened to withhold its huge music catalog from Microsoft's new digital music service unless it received a royalty of more than $1 on each sale of the technology giant's Zune portable music player.
General Motors is expected to cut either Buick or Pontiac brand unless company can engineer sharp upturn in its market shares; speculation that GM will eliminate either brand became fevered last month when GM's vice chairman Robert A Lutz referred to two as 'damaged brands' at conference in New York moderated by Morgan Stanley; photos (M)
About 13,000 Florida Medicaid patients who suffer from asthma, diabetes, hypertension or heart failure are participating in Pfizer's program.
To address the problem, Carnegie Mellon University, Intel and SpikeSource, a company that supports and tests corporate open-source projects, have devised a rating system intended to reduce confusion and guesswork in evaluating such software.
Mr. Swain no longer works for Boeing, although Ms. Koellner and Mr. Albaugh do.
Citigroup plans to eliminate about 10,400 jobs, or about 6 percent of its work force, well beyond several thousand positions it suggested would be cut as recently as October; undisclosed but substantial number of jobs cuts will involve layoffs; Citigroup says 65 percent, or about 6,760, of the cuts will be overseas; about 3,640 positions will be in US; Citigroup employees in New York will not bear brunt of US cutbacks; chart (M)
Representative Marion Berry, an Arkansas Democrat and a pharmacist who has criticized drug companies, said: ''I applaud Pfizer's move to help the poorest Medicare recipients.
If there was any question that the Coca-Cola Company's global bottling system ran into trouble last year, the company's latest annual report eliminates it.
Federal District Court jury rules that six big oil companies must pay Unocal Corp at least $68 million for infringement of patent on clean-burning gasoline that is sold in California; decision could also lead to future royalties of tens of millions of dollars a year for Unocal; six companies are ARCO, Chevron, Exxon, Mobil, Shell Oil and Texaco (M)
Microsoft says that Compaq's consumer group simply misunderstood the Windows contract, which treated the browser and MSN icons as part of the operating system and thus not removable.
Then, on April 20, the federal and state governments proposed breaking Microsoft in two and imposing restrictions on the company's conduct while the breakup was being carried out.
ATI Technologies signs contract with Microsoft to produce components for future versions of Xbox game console, beating out market leader, Nvidia (S)
Advertising industry analysts and experts inside and outside advertising industry report that Interpublic Group of Companies has come a long way since executive shake-up on Feb 27, 2003, but that there is still much to be done before company can fully repair damage and move forward; say David A Bell, chairman and chief executive, has been able to strengthen Interpublic's balance sheet in last year (M)
The unexpected death of a labor leader over the weekend makes it likely that the Ford Motor Company will be the lead company in labor negotiations covering the auto industry's 405,000 blue-collar workers.
The symbolism was striking: McDonnell Douglas, which has built combat planes for the nation's last four wars, was out of the running; the Boeing Company, which has spent most of its efforts building the world's commercial airline fleet, was in, selected to compete with the Lockheed Martin Corporation to build the Joint Strike Fighter for the Navy, Marines and Air Force.
Southern angrily protested, arguing that it has a pre-emptive contractual right to approve any change in control.
A serious security flaw has been discovered in popular E-mail programs published by the Microsoft Corporation and the Netscape Communications Corporation that would permit a malicious person to send a message containing a virus that could crash a computer and destroy or even steal data.
He also dismissed the protests as a campaign orchestrated by the News Corporation's Fox television stations group and the public relations firms it has hired; the revised ratings are most likely to hurt the shows on the company's stations in New York.
A Government lawyer and Microsoft's next-to-last witness had been sparring for hours today when the presiding judge asked a few questions of his own that cut to the core of the company's defense.
Chuck Sinclair, a spokesman for Goodyear, said that the tire maker had lost the Explorer contract because it had been unwilling to sell tires for as low a price as Ford was ready to pay.
Comcast executives suggest that there is no need to cut prices yet.
The Ford Motor Company, buffeted by lower auto sales and the continuing dispute over the failure of Firestone tires on its Explorer sports utility vehicles, announced a series of management changes today to shore up its operations in North America.
Wednesday night, after six hours of software testing by its programmers, Microsoft had concluded that the problem was Real Networks'.
Intergraph, which specializes in computer graphics systems, is suing Intel, accusing it of patent infringement, antitrust violations and coercive behavior.
Jeffrey W Greenberg resigns as chief executive and chairman of Marsh & McLennan, world's biggest insurance broker, less than two weeks after New York State Atty Gen Eliot Spitzer accuses company of cheating customers; Greenberg's departure paves way for settlement of Spitzer's lawsuit, which claims that Marsh, in matching corporate clients with insurance they need, conducted sham bidding, arranging coverage based on fees paid to it by insurers; Spitzer says he will now focus on criminal prosecutions against individuals rather than company; Marsh has suspended five executives and is expected to dismiss or suspend more executives and employees as its internal investigation continues; no employee has been charged with crime so far; Greenberg has said he was unaware of improper practices of Marsh; company issues statement saying it will not take fees from insurance companies related to sales of coverage; two other leading brokers, Aon and Willis Holding Group, make similar pledge; photo (M)
The Illinois attorney general's office said yesterday that public documents from Altria showed that it could handle a bigger bond than it has acknowledged and that it was using bankruptcy as a threat.
Because Priceline makes the consumer go through various hurdles to get a discounted seat, it has reduced that risk for the carriers.
While I regularly use Yahoo's Shopping search tool and the MySimon price-comparison site, I have been trained not to expect comprehensive answers.
Failing to match Wall Street's bullish expectations, Morgan Stanley said that net income for its fourth quarter rose 26 percent, to $236 million, or $1.43 a share, from the corresponding period a year ago.
The complaint from Akamai contends there was trade secret theft by Richard Day, Speedera's co-founder and chief technology officer.
Shares in Applied Materials lost $1.16, or 3 percent, to close at $43.65 before the earnings release.
''The trend is troubling, even though Microsoft's favorable-rating level remains very high,'' said Nicholas Donatiello, president of Odyssey, a market research firm in San Francisco that studies consumers' views on technology companies.
*A foray into cellular phones is still emerging, but Microsoft has publicly outlined its strategy for a cell phone based on Windows CE, a consumer operating system intended for hand-held devices, that will place the software maker in a head-to-head confrontation with the Symbian joint venture that is backed by Ericsson, Motorola and Nokia, the three leading makers of cell phones.
If there were competing candidates, Verizon added, ''it would be difficult to predict which individuals would be elected.''
The e-mail message was leaked and posted on Yahoo.
Some Target stores had been fined or had licenses to sell tobacco temporarily suspended in Minnesota towns with tobacco control ordinances.
Halliburton remained unaware of the problem until 2003.
But a person close to the commission said today that a smaller package of Honeywell divestments would require market testing -- or sounding out competitors -- and would therefore be unacceptable.
Morgan Stanley declined to respond to specific allegations in the lawsuit except to say that it has reviewed the charges and considers them baseless.
She said the new complaint would probably not delay a ruling in the existing five-year investigation of Microsoft, expected by the end of June.
Critics of Union Pacific have until Wednesday to file complaints with the Surface Transportation Board, the principal railroad regulator.
Adobe officials said the company had pushed the government to arrest Mr. Sklyarov because it felt that it was unlikely to succeed in a civil lawsuit against the Moscow company he worked for, ElcomSoft.
Alaska Airlines Crash Hearing Looks at Aircraft Parts Design
The iTunes service from Apple Computer was there first, having demonstrated since April the demand for such services.
It was unclear, however, which operations are about to be abandoned, although Citigroup certainly does not enjoy the advantage of size in businesses like mortgage lending and student loans.
Wal-Mart officials said the top manager at the store had violated company policy by reducing hours across the board, instead of doing it the usual way by reducing hours here and there to take into account the needs of particular departments and shifts.
Thirteen people were accused yesterday of taking part in the trading ring, including a former Morgan Stanley compliance official, a senior UBS research executive, three employees from Bear Stearns and a Bank of America employee.
Mr. Watson said the problem affected only users who relied on a Comcast e-mail account, and that subscribers who relied on a different service, like a residual one from @Home, were unaffected.
The longtime goal of Microsoft's chairman, William H. Gates, of ''a PC on every desk and in every home'' still seems distant, as the penetration of the personal computer into households is stalled around 35 percent.
Mr. Perella left Morgan Stanley during its leadership battle last year.
''This book could scare them,'' Mr. Ferguson said in a recent interview, at ease in sweatpants and a T-shirt behind the desk of his office here at CBS Television City.
According to the two lawmakers, Halliburton has charged the government $1.62 to $1.70 a gallon for gasoline that could be bought wholesale in the Persian Gulf region for about 71 cents and transported to Iraq for no more than 25 cents.
The report, ''Blood, Sweat and Fear: Workers' Rights in U.S. Meat and Poultry Plants,'' focuses on three companies: Tyson Foods for poultry, Smithfield Foods for pork, and Nebraska Beef.
Accounts of how the talks progressed and then broke down suggest that, at the least, Microsoft has become vulnerable to accusations from AOL and other competitors that its behavior has changed little since last year's bitter antitrust trial.
A similar protest took place at Humboldt State University and included a group of students who replaced the school's entrance signs with ones that read ''Microsoft University.''
''The significance of Europe is not the decision itself, but it adds to the other pressures on Microsoft,'' said David Yoffie, a professor at the Harvard Business School.
But he is an involved investor who considered a proxy fight to try to get Mattel back on track.
One worry Mr. Jobs and Mr. Johnson had at the start was whether the stores could attract enough skilled people to explain Apple technology to nonexperts.
A Brussels lawyer with experience in representing firms accused of antitrust abuses said that Microsoft would probably come back with another offer.
Back in Washington, though, the C-17 Globemaster III cargo jet, a $200 million flying giant, is at the center of a different kind of war involving the White House, the Pentagon, Boeing and lobbyists.
J P Morgan Chase agrees to pay $2.2 billion to Enron investors who accused bank of participating in accounting scandal that led to Enron's collapse; agreement comes just days after Citigroup reached $2 billion settlement; pool available to compensate investors who lost billions as Enron went into bankruptcy in 2001 has grown to $4.7 billion and could eventually surpass $6.13 billion that Wall Street firms have agreed to pay WorldCom investors; J P Morgan Chase says it will take $2 billion charge before taxes, or $1.25 billion after taxes, in second quarter, in part to cover costs associated with settlement as well as other potential lawsuits (M)
Sanford I. Weill, the chairman and chief executive of Citigroup, told employees yesterday that he regretted the pain they felt over criticism of the bank's involvement with Enron and WorldCom, the largest bankruptcies in American history.
The Comcast Corporation may have lost the fight to acquire a giant programming company when it withdrew its offer for the Walt Disney Company, but it has apparently not lost its appetite for entertainment programming.
The Justice Department, however, argued in the trial that the merger of Oracle, the second-largest company in the business software arena, and PeopleSoft, the third-largest, would create a ''duopoly'' that would harm consumers.
And Honeywell ran the site alone.
The lawsuit prepared by the states -- similar in style and scope to the proposed Federal suit, several officials said -- would have attacked a broad range of Microsoft's business practices.
Instead, he said, Intel appears to have made considerable progress toward reducing excess inventory, a problem that the company revealed several months ago and that hurt earnings last quarter.
Does the other side think the Campbell countermove means that, to quote a line made famous in the cola wars, the other guy blinked?
Still, the situation was embarrassing to Microsoft, in part because the company also announced today the introduction of a so-called firewall software program that is intended to help stop such intrusions.
Genuity Faces Bankruptcy As Verizon Ignores an Option
According to one person involved in the talks, executives from PG & E have said repeatedly that it was ''in worse shape'' than Southern California Edison.
He said he considered it unlikely that Federal authorities would cooperate with the Manhattan District Attorney's office to bring charges against Morgan Stanley.
''We signed these contracts in a different economy, using assumptions that are no longer viable,'' Peter Chernin, the president and chief operating officer of the News Corporation, said on Tuesday.
There is no question that Microsoft Windows, the name of the dominant personal computer operating system, is one of the leading brands in the world.
As of Sept. 30, there were about 2,900 federal lawsuits, representing 6,300 groups of plaintiffs, according to Merck.
Results at News Corporation To Miss Its Financial Goals
In that case, in White Plains, the plaintiff, Candace Curtis, contends that she suffered birth defects contracted some 20 years ago while her mother worked at an I.B.M.
Agilent's involves financing medical products, a deal that could pose a conflict because Tyco also sells medical supplies.
While Wal-Mart's coming effort might get more scrutiny, BitTorrent's approach to selling video online represents a more radical departure from current video stores on the Web -- and an attempt to fix some of the problems that have plagued online video purchases, like excruciating download times.
Xerox Facing New Pressures Over Auditing
Amazon's gross profit margins have decreased steadily in recent years, to about 24 percent, as the company has cut shipping costs and dropped prices.
Xerox Corp, citing lower sales at time of rising costs, warns investors it will report third-quarter loss of 15 cents to 20 cents a share; shares tumble in after-hours trading (M)
These professional Mac users blistered the Apple officials for various sins, including late and buggy software, erratic customer support and a loss of technological vision.
But Waste Management lost $1.18 billion after factoring in various charges to prune its operations and overhaul earnings reports that Robert S. Miller, the company's acting chairman and chief executive, said had been inflated by overly aggressive accounting.
Mr. Johnson and other union leaders had predicted a strike only a few hours before Boeing submitted its final offer, which included concessions to the union.
Rivals in this market include Sun Microsystems, Novell and the Linux operating system, but none has a market share anywhere approaching Microsoft's.
But she appeared to leave the door open for the states to draw analogies between Microsoft's past and current conduct.
The source of the plaintiffs' frustration is fairly simple: under the settlement, those covered in the lawsuit must approve the accord and sign away their rights to sue Coke in the future before they find out how much money they will receive.
The statement yesterday also expanded on a caution first given on Friday, when Interpublic warned investors that it would delay its 2004 reports, due originally in mid-March, until April 1 at the earliest.
Elaborating on the AT&T comparison, Mr. Klein disputed another Microsoft argument: that it was not the breakup that freed AT&T to compete, but the order to deregulate it.
The judge concluded, for instance, that Microsoft had maintained its monopoly power over operating software through anticompetitive means, ruthlessly striving over four years to crush any potential threat to its domination over operating system software.
After talks broke down and Mr. Jobs announced his iPhone anyway, Cisco filed a lawsuit, saying that Apple's use of the iPhone name constituted a ''willful and malicious'' violation of Cisco's intellectual property.
Institutional investors criticize that method, saying the Web site mainly cannibalizes sales from Staples stores and catalogs.
Things started to change in Mr. Mansour's television life last fall when his cable provider, Time Warner Cable, introduced video on demand, which allowed him to watch ''The Sopranos'' and dozens of other programs and movies whenever he wanted.
Intel, based in Santa Clara, Calif., intends to postpone many of its employees' pay increases until the fall, place strict limits on new hiring and gradually reduce its work force through attrition, said Robert Manetta, a spokesman.
Allstate also argues that the agents received an average of $280,000 when they were terminated.
The executive, Lee Garfinkel, is spurning Publicis and defecting to an agency owned by a principal competitor, the Omnicom Group.
EBay's shares have since fallen 36 percent.
New USB Pocket Hard Drive from Seagate crams storage power of 2.5- or 5-gigabyte hard drive into shockproof, palm-size chassis; photo (S)
Dow Chemical Company fires executives J Pedro Reinhard and Romeo Kreinberg saying they held unauthorized talks with JPMorgan Chase involving potential $52 billion buyout; firings come two days after chief executive Andrew Liveris publicly denies report that company was for sale (M)
Kathleen B. Blanco said that Procter's prompt decision to reopen gave promise to region that had been economically and emotionally devastated by the storm.
The former employee, Darleen A. Druyun, recently pleaded guilty to conspiracy for meeting with a Boeing executive and negotiating a job with Boeing while she was still an Air Force official, overseeing the tanker deal.
Investors, who have time and again dumped Kodak's stock on the slightest whisper of negative news, broke with tradition, too.
''I unfortunately get a lot of Viagra spam myself,'' said Tim Pigot, who leads Pfizer's men's sexual health division.
Fourteen Mets games on SportsChannel will be blacked out by Time Warner's New York City cable systems starting tonight if a payment dispute is not resolved.
Within the last year, Oracle has struck a series of deals, including a $5.9 billion acquisition of Siebel Systems and a $440 million purchase of Stellent last year.
Privacy groups, competitors and some analysts have criticized Passport as a digital portal that could result in Microsoft's holding all kinds of personal information about millions of people, giving it a dominant role in Internet commerce.
Microsoft's Security Response Center in Redmond, Wash., is the computing equivalent of a hospital emergency ward.
It also remains unclear whether Verizon will pursue its planned spinoff, a sale of the unit or a combination of both.
It came in the wake of a difficult fourth quarter for Morgan Stanley, in which it failed to meet earnings expectations after suffering losses on junk bonds issued by telecommunications companies.
The legal protest that Microsoft filed yesterday in reply to the government's plan to break up the company is an essay of grim futurism.
The change came as Microsoft, which is already fighting a federal court ruling that it violated antitrust law, confirmed that the Justice Department had opened a new inquiry into the company's investments.
The suits, filed in Circuit Court in Cook County, Ill., say that Interpublic did not properly disclose charges against earnings and had inadequate financial controls, leading to a $181.3 million restatement of earnings last month.
Aetna said the Prudential unit's losses were running at an annual after-tax rate of $200 million, double the losses expected by some analysts.
Microsoft's efforts to persuade wireless carriers to use its cellphone operating system have struggled.
Lagging perhaps two years behind the United States, Japan and Western Europe in its development, the Spanish- and Portuguese-speaking Internet market is one of the fastest-growing in the world and has emerged as the latest battleground for viewers among such Internet titans as America Online and Yahoo.
He added, ''The board views Northrop Grumman's proposal as an opportunistic attempt to acquire one of the industry's leading space and electronics and systems businesses at a time when TRW's stock price was temporarily depressed after the sudden departure of David Cote, our former chairman, president and chief executive officer.''
In May, it also shucked its logo and resumed its former name, Waste Management.
Part of the problem, company officials said, is that anything short of a return to the type of blazing growth Coke sustained throughout much of the 1990's will be looked upon as an inherent failure.
Earlier this month,  Goldman Sachs & Company and GE Capital, a subsidiary of General Electric, offered to invest $1.5 billion to $2 billion, according to an investor in Finova debt, but their plan would also have meant that debt-holders would not have been fully repaid.
In just 39 hours -- the time it took to restore the ABC signal -- Time Warner managed to anger many of its customers, rile local and national politicians, provoke a tough editorial in The New York Times, draw the ire of the Federal Communications Commission, give its satellite competitors a rare opening to grab customers and upset what had looked like smooth sailing on the way to approval of its merger with America Online.
Microsoft's lawyer, Dan K. Webb, replied that the penalties proposed by the nine states would ''essentially destroy Microsoft'' and that the company would be forced to stop selling its Windows operating system, which sits on 90 percent of the world's personal computers.
Article on confusion over definition of what a worker is, and even what workplace is, in new world of telecommuting, flextime and outsourcing; says confusion is widespread, as high-profile cases involving Microsoft Corp and Time Warner have shown; holds judges and elected officials seem to be coming down on side of workers who challenge arrangements; says if somebody regularly reports to work at one company and takes orders from its managers, their reasoning goes, that person is an employee; photo (M)
Yet the group also quickly decided that it should not be led by technology companies because Liberty would then lose credibility, being seen as weapon against Microsoft.
Tobacco industry analysts, however, were skeptical that Target's decision on tobacco would soon be followed by major rivals.
Merck plunged $2.06, or 4.3 percent, to $45.75, after a 2.2 percent drop on Monday.
Currently it is struggling with a production process where circuits are 0.35 micron in width, but to keep up with Intel it must rapidly move to a 0.25 micron process.
Judge in Microsoft Case Tries to Cut Through Jargon as He Questions Witness
Gypsy groups said they would sue I.B.M., asserting that its tabulating machines helped Nazi Germany track and identify people killed during the Holocaust.
The uncertainty surrounding Xerox's bank loan is reflected in the cautious approach vulture investors are taking toward the company.
And Boeing has argued that its exclusive sales deals are merely a refinement of long-term contracts that have been the norm for years in the aircraft industry, and that Airbus itself has tried to negotiate such contracts.
Customers who spend their pharmacy savings elsewhere within Wal-Mart are a sign that at the very least, the company's $4 generic drug program could be serving as a loss leader that stimulates other sales.
So investors will see Microsoft's labor costs going up while workers know their income has fallen sharply.
But Microsoft is no ordinary company.
Mr. Amelio said he had made real progress in addressing what he described as the company's five crises: lack of cash; declining quality; a failed operating system development project; Apple's chaotic culture, and a fragmented strategy.
Mr. Hill and his colleagues at Microsoft turned their attention to trying to exploit the untapped potential of the L.C.D.
Their animosity has grown more acute, or at least more evident, since Google announced in July that it was hiring Dr. Lee, a Chinese computer scientist who established a Microsoft research center in China and more recently worked at Microsoft headquarters on speech recognition technology.
While Boeing derives about half of its business from the military and the other half from its commercial operations, EADS draws 60 percent to 70 percent of its revenue from its Airbus division, which has been bogged down by problems with its A380, the so-called superjumbo airliner, as well as its new midsize A350.
Under pressure from animal rights advocates, two soft drink giants, Coca-Cola and PepsiCo, have agreed to stop directly financing research that uses animals to test or develop their products, except where such testing is required by law.
Last month, antitrust officials forced Aetna to divest itself of two money-losing health plans in Texas, cutting its membership there by 425,000, to 2.5 million, including one million in health maintenance organizations.
He estimated that Amazon's gross margin included about $50 million to $55 million from its deals with other companies, like Toysrus.com and Drugstore.com, that rent space on its site.
With all of the large phone companies announcing big job cuts in recent months, including A.T.& T.'s announcement last week, there are few cloistered workplaces left among the biggest companies in this once-stable industry.
However, Mr. Bourkoff said he expected Comcast to be cautious.
Whether this connected search approach will enable Microsoft to dominate the Web as it has dominated the desktop with Windows, and browsers with Explorer, remains to be seen.
Some analysts argue that Microsoft's strategy for cable is to dominate the operating systems of cable set-top boxes as a vehicle for licensing versions of their existing Internet software.
(Palm maintains that this restriction is imposed by Microsoft's software.)
In fact, Microsoft's actions did not even benefit Microsoft in the short run, for the firm's efforts to create incompatibility between its JVM for Windows and others' JVM's for Windows resulted in fewer total applications being able to run on Windows than otherwise would have been written.
The lawsuit followed a two-year investigation of the credit card industry following complaints by the American Express Company.
Procter & Gamble Shake-Up Follows Poor Profit Outlook
A coroner found Mr. Ernst's cause of death to be an arrhythmia, or irregular heartbeat, and no clinical trials have ever linked Vioxx to arrhythmias, said Gerry Lowry, a lawyer for Merck.
It was going to be the silver bullet that saved Apple from its internal woes and from losing any more ground to Microsoft in the platform wars, which were heightened by the introduction of Windows 95.
The Goldman Sachs Group, a leading underwriter of initial public offerings and a top adviser on mergers, said the steep drop in sales of new stocks and the slowdown in merger activity combined to push its second-quarter earnings down 24 percent, to $577 million.
The General Motors Corporation, which was virtually shut down by a strike in June and July last year, saw its sales jump 62.6 percent in July compared with figures in the bleak period a year earlier.
Nortel Networks, a telecommunications equipment maker mired recently in an accounting scandal, named a former president of Motorola as its chief executive on Monday.
From the 1990 low through this summer's high, Intel stock rose 8,564 percent.
Moody's Investors Service raised Mexico's foreign currency ratings, citing its reduced vulnerability to external shocks.
Even after paying down considerable debt, Xerox has $2.6 billion in cash, up from $1.7 billion at the end of last year.
In a conference call, Wal-Mart executives warned that although the fourth quarter would look good compared with the fourth quarter of 2002, that would be because of the weakness of the 2002 quarter, not because of ''improving consumer spending momentum,'' Ms. Eberts wrote.
In the summer of 2000, Bristol-Myers Squibb, the nation's leading seller of cancer drugs, considered a deal with ImClone Systems Inc., a biotechnology company developing a new type of cancer drug with the potential to save thousands of lives.
Last year, the terrorist attacks emptied car lots of potential buyers until General Motors refilled them quickly with its ''Keep America Rolling'' advertising and incentive campaign, which included offers of interest-free financing.
''It's worrying, but it is not disastrous,'' said Harry Stonecipher, Boeing's president.
The deal, which Vornado called Project America, also comes with complications and risks that many other real estate investors might have shied away from.
On Monday, Moody's Investors Service lowered the deposit ratings for five regional banks and downgraded the outlook for Japan's biggest banks to negative from stable.
Each year Microsoft appears to zero in on one company for attack, and analysts who attended today's meeting said the next focus would be on the corporate data base business that Oracle now dominates.
Intel Corp takes hard line in festering trade dispute with Chinese government, declaring it will not meet China's June 1 deadline for adhering to its proposed new standard for wireless computing; Intel has informed some of its largest customers in China that they might need to find alternative supplier of microprocessors if they want to keep selling wireless products in China after that date; Intel's not meeting Chinese timetable reflects larger objection on part of Intel and other American technology companies, which have been angry since China announced last year that it wanted to develop separate national standard for short-range wireless networks, known as Wi-Fi (M)
In December 2004, shortly before Thomas M. Coughlin left his job as the second-ranking executive at Wal-Mart Stores, he instructed a subordinate to order him a $1,700 laptop computer, which he later charged to Wal-Mart.
AT&T's board initially rejected that offer, but Comcast has subsequently held additional talks with AT&T.
Two top executives at American International Group, the insurance company, were dismissed yesterday for refusing to cooperate with regulators in a widening investigation of the accounting for some insurance transactions.
Stocks fall again amid growing concerns about telecommunications and energy-trading segments, as Sec Paul O'Neill goes to Wall Street to talk with senior brokerage executives; photos; graphs; banks and energy stocks account for most of 1.1 percent drop in Dow Jones industrial average, which closes at 7,702.34, lowest since Sept 1998; two areas are hurt by latest Enron revelations, with Citigroup and J P Morgan Chase executives at Senate hearing deny helping Enron cover up its debt; Standard & Poor's 500-stock index falls 2.7 percent to five-year low; Nasdaq is off 4.2 percent, to 1,229.05, and is now down more than 75 percent from peak (M)
Citigroup's announcement means that Mr. Menezes, another executive who had been considered in the running for the top job at Citigroup, will no longer have a business line reporting to him.
Angry investors sent Xerox's stock plummeting in late 1995, when the problems with the old sales force first became public, and again last October, when it became clear how much it was costing to recruit and train a new force.
Microsoft Sees Software 'Agent' as Way to Avoid Distractions
Indeed, there has been even more pressure on Priceline to diversify its product line after its announcement last week that a shortfall in the sale of airline tickets, which still account for 87 percent of its sales, would lead it to miss Wall Street's forecast for revenue and earnings.
In light of the severe shipment quotas and promotional restrictions for third-party browsers imposed by the agreements, the fact that Microsoft still permitted AOL to offer Navigator through a few subsidiary channels does not negate this conclusion.
Lawyers for the Justice Department will call their first witnesses on Monday in the government's lawsuit to block Oracle's proposed hostile takeover of PeopleSoft, after opening statements by both sides.
Microsoft was the only company that forced the tie.
warned Merck that its promotional campaigns for Vioxx were minimizing the cardiovascular risk of the drug and that it was misrepresenting the results of the 2000 study.
Philippe Krakowsky, an executive vice president at Interpublic, said, ''We were disappointed to hear of Wal-Mart's decision.''
She said the move was a ''first step'' and that Verizon planned to offer the same limited option soon in the other 26 states in which Verizon operated.
Corning's Desperate Deal Destroys Value
Henri Richard, executive vice president of worldwide sales and marketing at A.M.D., said Intel's problems were its own doing.
At one point, there was speculation that Rupert Murdoch, the chairman of the News Corporation, was considering buying out the Primestar partners as a way of circumventing antitrust issues, but no deal went through.
49 Allstate agents, in lawsuit filed in Tampa, Fla, accuse Allstate of requiring them to work overtime but refusing to pay them for it; Aaron Kaufman, lawyer for agents, says lawsuit is seeking court approval to permit hundreds of other agents to join them in collective action similar to class action; Allstate spokesman Michael Trevino says insurer regards agents as exempt from federal law requiring time-and-a-half pay for anyone working more that 40 hours a week and that 'they are not due any overtime pay'; agents who work in commission, say they should receive overtime pay because Allstate, starting in January 1999, required them to keep their offices open more than 40 hours a week (M)
The proposed Federal suit charges that Intel then threatened to stop supplying microprocessors to Digital.
has suspended the deadline, AT&T still wants to sell the stake somehow to help pay down debt.
The lawsuit is among a series of blows that have recently buffeted H&R Block.
He maintains that to this day lawyers working for Morgan Stanley are seeking to pressure or cajole him to keep silent in the matter.
Noting that Oracle's second-quarter sales in the United States, Canada and Latin America had fallen $50 million below his own estimate, Mr. Readerman said, ''The Americas was a larger revenue miss than Asia.''
Comcast's unsolicited takeover offer to Disney on Feb. 11, which would have created the world's largest entertainment conglomerate, was rejected the next week by Disney's board as too low.
Many of Microsoft's adversaries, who had argued that only a breakup of the company would change its behavior, were dismayed by the Justice Department's decision today not to seek that remedy and saw the lobbying effort as an element in that shift.
Mr. Anderson had been in failing health for several years, said Barbara Reinike, the director for community relations at Lockheed Martin, the successor to Lockheed.
With regular telephone and mobile phone service extremely limited, it was difficult for Procter executives in the home office to communicate with their managers in the field.
But he stopped short of conceding that Coca-Cola products made anyone sick, and a study released by the company suggested something else  had caused their symptoms.
B. C. Communications is the quirky Apple dealership I patronize for reasons I find hard to articulate.
ABN Amro and Citigroup are part of a group of 20 big banks that risk losses from their exposure to BCP's debt.
At one time a widely recognized brand symbol for the Travelers Group, one of the world's largest insurance companies, and now the property of Citigroup, the world's largest financial institution, the red umbrella has been involved over the years in matters big and small, ranging from one of the biggest financial mergers ever to a dispute over the light it cast over a Lower Manhattan neighborhood.
And some legal experts say that, assuming the suits actually get to trial, consumers are likely to have a hard time proving that they were harmed by Microsoft's actions.
But some of the banks were working on a decidedly more hostile presentation: the unsolicited $44.5 billion takeover offer by Comcast for AT&T's cable business, AT&T Broadband.
Among the conduct guarantees under discussion are proposals to force Microsoft to charge every computer maker the same price for Windows, so that it could not impose higher prices to punish rivals or those that do business with them.
The popularity of alternative browsers is to some degree a protest vote by those who disagree with Microsoft's business philosophy.
Some large investors in AOL have expressed concern that a deal with AT&T could be too risky and freeze the company for more than a year while the transaction would be under review by regulators.
In conjunction with Microsoft's news, Dell and Hewlett-Packard both announced 64-bit business computers that exploit the new software.
Microsoft said it would not only indemnify its industry partners against intellectual property suits but would also pay legal fees and settlements or damages in most cases.
Latest version of computer worm known as MyDoom disrupts Google search site; Google, AltaVista, Lycos and Yahoo search engines are temporarily affected by searches for e-mail addresses generated by MyDoom worm (M)
''Have you ever had discussions within Microsoft about the desirablity of trying to undermine Sun because of what Sun was doing in Java?''
And I.B.M., once the feared monopolist of the era of mainframe computers, is casting itself as a force of liberation from Microsoft, the monopolist of today.
official faulted his agency's performance in overseeing Alaska Airlines before the crash of one of its MD-80 jets in January, and said that F.A.A.
Boeing, proud company that has dominated commercial aviation since 1950's, is seeing its lead slip away to Airbus Industrie, European consortium that is Boeing's sole rival; so far this year, Airbus has outsold Boeing by more than two to one, largest gap since Airbus was founded in 1970; lopsided orders have prompted many in aviation industry and on Wall Street to consider what would have been unthinkable decade ago: that Boeing is in danger of slipping behind Airbus for years to come; at Frontier Airlines, Samuel D Addoms, chief exec, is replacing Boeing 737s with competing Airbus planes; photos; charts (L)
's Opteron 64-bit chip for server computers, and it now appears that Intel has also lost some ground to the Athlon at the very high end of the desktop market.
The merger of Time Warner, the biggest of the old-media companies, with America Online, the biggest of the new, renewed the concern that news outlets are losing their independence.
After being eliminated from the race for chief executive, A. Barry Rand resigned as executive vice president at Xerox in January and announced his goal to run a Fortune 500 company.
One of Microsoft's main competitors in the area of media players, Real Networks, is afraid that if Microsoft is allowed to keep its own media player in Windows, while not allowing others the same access to Windows users, it will be put out of business or greatly weakened, in the way that Microsoft's Internet Explorer browser marginalized Netscape's browser.
If Prucare misses the targets, as yet undisclosed, Prudential will have to give Aetna 75 percent of the shortfall.
Indeed, they seem to relish the prospect of one last public battle to recapture the magic of the Morgan Stanley name.
But as W. Mark Lanier, the lawyer representing the Ernst family, seeks to convince a jury that Merck should be punished for Mr. Ernst's death, he is counting on Ms. Ernst to be among his most effective weapons in proving that Vioxx was dangerous.
The shiny new Boeing 767 fitted out as an aerial refueling tanker is a hard plane to miss at the Paris Air Show.
The report suggests that the bulk of the blame for the mistakes surrounding the $10,000 payment should fall on Mr. Sonnenborn, a 15-year employee of Morgan Stanley.
In hiring Ms. Parker, the Gap ''fell into a real trap, and that trap was that they wanted to be something more than they were,'' said Robert Passikoff, the president of Brand Keys, a market research company in New York.
Coke officials said Mr. Daft had been considering the move for several weeks, but decided to act after President Bush's speech about corporate abuses on Tuesday.
''It's no surprise that Microsoft is looking for other acquisitions in the business software applications industry.
American Express said the program, like the cruise missile, is intended to wipe out specific targets rather than wreak mass destruction.
The International Data report is unusual because most independent companies working in the software field have been reluctant to weigh in on this issue for fear of antagonizing Microsoft and its allies.
While its complaint described the quality-control failures as companywide, most products cited in the letter have been niche items with little impact on Boston Scientific's overall business.
Indeed, PeopleSoft's chief executive, Craig Conway, who has been lobbying customers for the last two weeks, acknowledged that the company's numbers were helped by an ''outpouring of customer goodwill,'' and ''an undeniable backlash of sentiment against Oracle.''
Kohl's Thrives Despite Gloom In Retailing
Today's announcement, which had been anxiously awaited since Boeing completed its acquisition of McDonnell Douglas in August, was less forthcoming than many analysts had hoped.
American Express, Mr. Hayes said, is not interested in ''promoting awareness'' of its brand, which is already high.
Pilots at Southwest Airlines overwhelmingly approve contract extension by two years to 2006 in surprise move that goes against union leaders' last-minute recommendation that they reject proposal; contract is set to take effect on Sept 1; extension does not bring Southwest pilots to same pay levels as their counterparts (M)
John T. Chambers, the chief executive, said Cisco could resume its pace even after posting a loss in the quarter ended April 30, its first quarterly loss in its 11-year history.
It also suggests that there is no time to evaluate competing proposals, as I.B.M.
The move, to be sure, came only after a federal appeals court ruled that Microsoft was a monopolist whose past contracts with PC makers illegally stifled competition.
In both trials, Pfizer is comparing the combination pill to Lipitor alone, not to torcetrapib alone.
I used his story to illustrate the low barriers to entry for those wanting to compete on the Internet, even against Amazon.com.
Last June, Coke recorded its biggest product recall in company history after people in Belgium said they felt ill after drinking Coke products; the recall cost Coke $200 million and cost Coca-Cola Enterprises $103 million.
Microsoft, which has yet to find a formula to compete profitably with America Online in the Internet market, is preparing to roll out this fall a new version of its Internet access software that is meant to exploit the perceived weakness of its rival's parent, AOL Time Warner.
In a departure from the dreary branch services that have been a hallmark of the banking industry, Bank of America's consumer business is run by executives who call its bank branches ''stores,'' refer to their banking clients as ''customers,'' and measure branch performance the way retailers do, by comparing sales at stores open at least a year.
Microsoft has countered that Judge Jackson committed a raft of procedural and substantive errors and that he was biased against it.
The announcement in a routine press release dropped like a bomb in Rochester, Kodak's headquarters town, where the struggling photography giant has already given termination notices to more than 3,000 people, a figure that is now expected to reach 6,000 or more.
Apple has not sued the Web sites for damages for publishing the trade secrets, but it could try, said Eugene Volokh, a law professor at U.C.L.A.
Microsoft, the government asserted, was a repeat offender of the nation's antitrust laws.
A day after AT&T announced that it would compete against Telefonos de Mexico rather than join with it in providing long-distance service here, shares of the Mexican telephone company plummeted 8 percent, dragging the stock market to one of its worst losses of the year.
Asked if the audits could delay delivery schedules, which have been a problem recently for Boeing, Ms. Erickson said: ''When we do an evaluation like this, the F.A.A.
He filed the complaint, he said, after learning that Airbus was planning to rely on further subsidies to develop a new aircraft to compete with Boeing's planned next generation midsize airliner.
But Real Networks, founded in Seattle in 1995 by Rob Glaser, a former Microsoft executive, is an embattled challenger.
While the position taken by the European Commission does not represent a final, official rejection, it leaves General Electric with only a few days to try to salvage the deal.
Advanced Micro received a setback last week in its efforts to persuade the European regulators of unfair practices by Intel.
Largest retail chains, including Wal-Mart Stores, Kmart and Sears, Roebuck & Co, report spending patterns returned to near normal levels during weekend following terrorist attacks, but business remains down from last year; graphs (M)
Their influence on Whole Foods Market has led a foie gras producer to file a lawsuit against the natural-food grocery chain.
Kodak also held losses in its portfolio of digital products to $28 million, well below its $46 million first-quarter loss.
While A.T.& T. and McCaw could simply choose to sell or trade the cellular properties that prompted today's ruling, executives at both companies said today that they would fight to keep them.
Morgan Stanley agreed yesterday to pay $54 million to settle a sex discrimination case rather than stand trial on the federal government's accusation that it denied equal pay and promotions to women in a division of its investment bank.
Certification may also enable the plaintiffs to demand additional documents from Wal-Mart.
''The clamshell is a very functional laptop design, but it has its limitations,'' said Tom Grimes, segment marketing manager for emerging technologies at I.B.M., referring to the way most laptops are hinged.
Federal Trade Commission is expected to file civil complaints contending that four drug companies harmed consumers when they made agreements that delayed sale of low-cost generic drugs; Andrx Corp says commission is expected to file case against it and Aventis, created with merger of Hoechst AG and Rhone-Poulenc SA, over 1997 agreement between Andrx and Hoechst; FTC is also expected to settle charges with Abbott Laboratories and Geneva Pharmaceuticals, generic drug company owned by Novartis (M)
The job cuts are part of an effort to reduce operating expenses by $1 billion over the next 18 months and remake Oracle as an Internet company.
Intel's motivation lies in its Banias line of chips for mobile computing, which it plans to introduce with a major marketing campaign in January.
Electric utility stocks are plunging in California; share prices of Edison International and PG&E Corporation, parent companies of Southern California Edison and Pacific Gas and Electric, have fallen one-third in December and risk bond downgrades to junk status; analysts are concerned that companies will not be able to collect from customers because of rate freeze in effect until March 2002; Southern California Edison will eliminate fourth-quarter dividend and trim $100 million in spending, including elimination of 400 jobs to try to avoid bankruptcy; report issued by Merrill Lynch says rate increases, if approved, would make companies financially viable, but not financially strong, concluding bankruptcy is real possibility; electricity shortages are expected to continue; graph (M)
Yahoo announced better-than-expected quarterly earnings today, quelling investor concerns that consolidation and business failures among struggling dot-coms might hurt its revenue base.
Verizon Wireless, which acquired most of the licenses in question at an auction in January, and AT&T Wireless have been putting pressure on NextWave to settle, people close to the talks said.
On the campus here, many Microsoft employees are clearly aghast at the idea that they could be forced to move to keep their jobs.
But Amelia Torres, a spokeswoman for Mr. Monti, said: ''We have already told Microsoft many times that a negative ruling will incur a fine.
''This is the dirty secret of e-commerce,'' said Joe Walowski, a senior product manager who manages Fulfillment by Amazon.
The problem, he said, is that it was hard to demonstrate how Chevron and Texaco, which had both cut costs extensively in recent years and announced another round of cuts last year when crude oil prices plunged, could achieve further large savings by combining.
The state would be better off, Mr. Horn said, if it hired independent companies to provide health counseling for Medicaid recipients and forced Pfizer and other drug companies to provide rebates for its drugs.
The Eastman Kodak Company, citing a sudden and as yet unexplained sales decline in every one of its businesses, warned investors yesterday that its third-quarter earnings would be as much as 25 cents a share below expectations and that, if sales do not pick up, fourth-quarter earnings might disappoint as well.
''We recognize we missed the chance to place those cameras,'' conceded Harry Kavetas, Kodak's chief financial officer.
While Intel is indeed delaying a projection television chip, the delay is unrelated to the new process.
One reason for yesterday's move was the decision by Moody's Investors Service to lower its rating on Kraft securities by one notch, to A3, at the same time that it lowered the ratings of Altria.
A British court provided a mixed verdict for Pfizer in a crucial patent dispute yesterday, upholding one of the company's British patents on Lipitor, the company's best-selling cholesterol-lowering medicine, but invalidating a second one.
Shares of Gap declined $3.625 yesterday, or 7.6 percent, to $44.25, in part on the news of Ms. Jackson's departure but also on a report that Gap's sales in stores open at least a year were up 4 percent, at the low end of expectations.
Caspian Pipeline Consortium, headed by ChevronTexaco, that owns pipeline that ships oil from Kazakhstan to Russian port of Novorossiisk, is preparing to take first delivery of Russian crude; group signs agreement with KalmTEK to ship Russian oil through its network (S)
Power was restored four minutes later but with a surge that damaged four radar screens and a circuit board in the main computer -- an old IBM mainframe of a type no longer made.
STUNG by accusations of racism for having used makeup to darken the face of a white stunt driver in the filming of a television commercial, the Ford Motor Company said late yesterday that it would postpone making new commercials until a nationwide strike by unionized actors against advertising agencies is resolved.
Advanced Micro Devices Inc. has opened a broad legal assault against the Intel Corporation, charging that Intel employed unfair tactics to keep computer companies from buying A.M.D.
Southwest Airlines chairman-chief executive Herbert D Kelleher informs company employees that he has prostate cancer but that plans to be in office throughout his radiation treatments; succession issue is raised; photo (M)
Johnson & Johnson indicates to Guidant Corp that it wants to renegotiate lower price than $25.4 billion it agreed to pay in December; Guidant insists deal be completed as agreed; any disputes between companies, if not resolved, could erupt into court battle; Guidant in recent months has recalled tens of thousands of implantable heart devices like defibrillators and pacemakers; Food and Drug Administration is investigating company's handling of product-related safety issues (M)
But Wall Street has also been worried -- and far more frustrated -- by the ways Motorola has been hurting itself.
In the article, he criticized the agency's decision to sue Visx, a maker of laser vision correction equipment, and Intel, the chip maker, for antitrust violations in two important monopoly cases.
AT&T Corp says revenue at its consumer unit fell by 18.3 percent in fourth quarter, to $3.47 billion from about $4.25 billion year earlier; reports overall revenue of $12.59 billion, down about 9.5 percent from $13.91 billion year earlier; chief executive Charles H Noski comments; AOL Time Warner reports loss of $1.8 billion compared with loss of $1.1 billion year earlier (Market Place column) (M)
If the threat appears grave, the problem goes immediately into the center's emergency operating room, where it is attended to by a team of Microsoft engineers, working nearly round-the-clock to analyze the flawed code, anticipate paths of attack, devise a software patch to fix the defect and alert millions of customers of the problem and the patch.
It plans to discuss its concerns with Microsoft, and could impose fines up to 5 percent of daily worldwide sales until it decides that the company is complying.
Another Outsider Falls Casualty to Nike's Insider Culture
Waste Management is going through internal tumult.
The companies, which include Motorola Inc., SAP A.G., Visa International, Broadvision Inc., and Nuance Communications, a unit of SRI International, describe their effort as V-Commerce and argue that telephone access will break down the last barrier remaining between the mass of consumers and the Internet.
A deposition from Mr. Gates, the chairman and chief executive of Microsoft, had been scheduled to begin today, but it was postponed temporarily as the company's lawyers decided whether to appeal the judge's order.
Intel, the world's largest chip maker, did not provide an earnings estimate, but said it should manage to reduce its operating expenses, largely because it was ahead of schedule in cutting its work force.
It is a strange juxtaposition: BitTorrent, with 35 employees, and the company whose dominance in video sales is so threatened by online file trading, 1.8-million-employee Wal-Mart.
Rarely, however, does a delightful product become annoying without any help whatsoever from the Microsoft Corporation, the notorious monopolist.
The tone of the fax set off the tempers of some Time Warner executives, who felt ABC was negotiating by fiat.
Today, Microsoft touched a 52-week low of $58.25 in intraday trading, and closed at $59.13, down $1.19.
But Marriott's chief financial officer, Arne M. Sorenson, said yesterday that such concerns were exaggerated.
But even before failing in its bid to acquire Hughes, Northrop Grumman was in a difficult spot after decades  among the pillars of the post-World War II weapons and aerospace business.
After a cut in the price of Pringles in June, Procter officials said, sales started growing again, especially overseas.
Yesterday, in an e-mail message, the lead author on both of those studies, Dr. Jonathan Sackner-Bernstein of North Shore Medical Center in Manhasset, N.Y., criticized Johnson & Johnson for what he called its failure to conduct a definitive study of the drug's safety.
And some competitors complain that Verizon neglects D.S.L.
''We found supply was low, demand was high and more and more high-tech companies are doing something in child care,'' explained Peggy Lynch, manager of benefits for Cisco.
People close to Morgan Stanley also said that the firm expected its plan would cause less internal dissent than was the case at Merrill, where an unusually large number of brokers have defected to rivals since the firm announced its new on-line trading platform and pricing structure.
The next day Aetna hand-delivered a letter denying payment for the surgery because it was done outside the H.M.O.
The Commerce Department has the power to approve or reject last week's deal between VeriSign and Icann -- the group to which the department has transferred administration of Internet addresses.
America Online puts new emphasis on luring users to free Web sites supported by advertising, reversing strategy that sought to sell users new pay services; risks accelerating loss of paying subscribers while offering free services; boldest effort in new strategy will come with new version of AOL.com Web site, advertising-supported Web portal that will seek to compete with Yahoo and MSN; AOL's failure to keep pace in Internet advertising has been especially painful, given that company virtually invented online advertising business and dominated it until 2001; photo; drawing; graph shows decline of AOL subscribers (M)
Some investors said yesterday it was the three blows together, against the backdrop of several failures to deliver expected earnings over three years, that jolted Aon's stock.
But seven months after Mr. Amelio's rise to power at the troubled computer maker, it is clear that simply putting a grown-up in charge is not enough to provide the tectonic shift that Apple now needs.
For 1996 as a whole, Xerox earned $1.2 billion on sales of $17.4 billion -- quite a turnaround from the $472 million it lost on sales of $16.6 billion in 1995.
At its semiannual conference for developers on Monday, Intel will show off the new chips, which will be marketed as the latest members of the Xeon family and run servers at the low end of the market.
Wal-Mart is also urging its biggest suppliers to switch to a wireless inventory-tracking system by the beginning of 2005; some suppliers have said that shift will be costly and difficult for them.
Philip A. Dur, president of Northrop Grumman Ship Systems, the company primarily in charge of building the first DD(X) destroyer, defends the effort.
Amgen will emphasize in its marketing that less frequent doses will mean fewer trips to the hospital and fewer painful injections for patients, as well as less work for doctors and nurses.
The European Commission went on the offensive today in its antitrust case against Microsoft, saying in a preliminary ruling that the company continues to abuse its dominance in operating systems.
Consolidated Edison asks New York regulators to let it withhold $36.4 millions in consumer rebates to pay for World Trade Center damages, in case promised federal aid proves to be inadequate (M)
Fitch Ratings in New York, part of Fimalac, downgraded the senior unsecured debt rating yesterday of the Interpublic Group of Companies in New York to one level above junk status.
Questions Are Seen On Merck's Stance On Pain Drug's Use
Just days after it announced deep job cuts in Europe, the General Motors Corporation is battling a wildcat strike at one of its biggest German auto plants, and a threat of wider disruptions.
Mr. Case was the entrepreneurial leader behind America Online's rise to become the leading online service, and he bought Netscape in 1999 for $10 billion to confront Microsoft head-on.
As a result, there is no basis to split Microsoft into separate companies with all the attendant risks, costs and complexities.
This deal is tangled because Pfizer contends that Warner-Lambert knew Pfizer was willing to pay more than American Home was offering even before the deal was signed.
Ever since Cisco went from being a router manufacturer to a company offering a full line of networking devices, mostly by acquiring several concerns, competitors have struggled to keep up.
During that time, Home Depot's stock price has declined and the company has lost ground to Lowe's, its main rival.
Officials of the Ford Motor Company lashed out today at plaintiffs' lawyers suing the automaker and Bridgestone/Firestone Inc., accusing them of endangering public safety by calling for a broader recall of tires and of distributing Ford documents out of context to journalists.
Yahoo will offer a more limited service for Motorola phones.
Legal battle between Michael E Kassan who had been North American president and chief operating officer at Western Initiative Media Worldwide, and Western parent, Interpublic Group of Companies, has been settled; terms undisclosed; Kassan filed lawsuit and arbitration action against Interpublic, asking for $63.5 million for breach of contract and defamation of character (S)
Village of Endicott, NY, birthplace of IBM, is polluted by industrial toxic substances; pollution occurred over decades, and is traceable at least in part to IBM's use of common solvents in its circuit board assembly; IBM has paid for venting systems in 377 houses and businesses, and IBM scientists test water at 342 wells; some residents blame their illnesses, including cancer, on pollution, but state health officials cannot say whether air or water pollution in Endicott has actually caused any health problems; photos; map (M)
Microsoft's operating profits were actually 2 cents short of analysts' expectations, the first time Microsoft has disappointed Wall Street since March 1989.
New York City and its suburbs are epicenter of strike against Verizon by its 86,000 employees, with most strident and sometimes violent picket lines; company reports 455 strike-related incidents of assault, harassment and vandalism in 12 states and District of Columbia; first two strike-related arrests are made in New York City; company is granted temporary restraining order barring pickets from preventing managers or replacement workers from enteriung offices or carrying out work assignments (M)
The Microsoft Corporation was so worried about the Netscape Communications Corporation's lead in Internet software last year that its senior executives wanted to delay an upgrade of the Windows operating system to gain an edge in the browser battle, according to internal Microsoft documents released this week by the Government.
Even if regulators do not force Pfizer to withdraw the drug from the market because of heart attack risks, its prospects are dim if doctors stop prescribing it in the volume they have in recent years.
Oracle, based in Redwood City, Calif., announced last week it would pay $5.85 billion to acquire a longtime rival, Siebel Systems, its largest competitor in the market for sales automation software.
If Microsoft fails to change the commission's mind it faces fines of up to 2 million euros a day, backdated to mid-December, until it is deemed to be in compliance with the 2004 ruling.
Lawmakers complain that health insurance remains out of reach for many of Wal-Mart's 1.2 million workers, forcing thousands of them to turn to state-sponsored programs or forgo coverage altogether.
''Microsoft is not free to integrate anything it wants into Windows, but free to offer justification,'' said Andrew I. Gavil, a law professor at Howard University.
In recent quarters, investors have expressed skepticism about Amazon's aggressive price-cutting strategy and the effect of that on gross margins.
The lawsuit filed by the Louisiana Municipal Police Employees' Retirement System contends that the CVS deal is unfair to Caremark shareholders not only because its price is significantly below the rival bid.
But this is no longer his father's Ford Motor Company.
Exodus of insurance companies from Hartford continues as Travelers Property Casuality Corp and St Paul Cos merge and announce consolidation of operations outside Connecticut; Phoenix Cos and Hartford Financial Services Group are only major insurance corporations left in city; struggling city expects to lose money for cultural and charity organizations as well as civic leaders; photo; chart with timeline on Hartford's vanishing insurance companies (L)
Mr. Ford, the chairman and chief executive of the Ford Motor Company, also said he wanted to ''lower the temperature'' of the industry's often contentious relationship with California regulators.
The Procter & Gamble Company, troubled by rising costs, management turmoil and credibility problems on Wall Street, reported fourth-quarter results yesterday that were in line with lowered forecasts.
While many companies give directors all or part of their pay in stock or stock options, Coca-Cola appears to be the first to have adopted a plan that would provide nothing if the company did not perform well.
Robert Rosenfeld, a lawyer for Microsoft, said that some individuals may be choosing not to file a claim because they know most of the remaining money is earmarked for needy California schools.
Also, a one-time gain a year earlier from the sale of the company's 49 percent stake in Coca-Cola and Schweppes Beverages, a British bottler, accounted for 8 cents of last year's first-quarter earnings, a company spokesman, Rob Baskin, said.
If upheld on appeal, it would leave Microsoft with a regulator in Europe standing over its shoulder, scrutinizing what it puts into future generations of Windows and what it leaves out.
The Federal Trade Commission is expected to file a major antitrust lawsuit against the Intel Corporation on Monday, and Intel executives and lawyers, saying the very future of the company is at stake, have vowed to fight the suit vigorously.
Corning's decision to sell the housewares business was no surprise.
In its statement, Merck said both it and some of its consultants were also concerned that, because patients with acute coronary syndrome in the Vioxx study would also be taking low doses of aspirin to prevent heart attack and stroke, their experiences might not translate to patients who were not taking aspirin.
''Some people have downplayed Motorola's repeated earnings disappointments because of the problems in their communications businesses, but this clearly shows the semiconductor industry is suffering from overcapacity exacerbated by the economic crisis in Asia,'' said Charles Hill, director of research at the First Call Corporation, a Boston-based firm that tracks corporate earnings estimates of Wall Street analysts.
AMF Bowling, bowling alley operator controlled by Goldman Sachs Group, is under investigation by Securities and Exchange Commission; AMF, which has been trying for three months to negotiate restructuring of its $1.3 billion in debt, says in filing with commission that commission has issued subpoena' seeking documents concerning the company's financial statements and accounting practices and policies'; AMF says it is in process of producing documents SEC seeks; adds it is considering bankruptcy filing (M)
Mona Williams, a spokeswoman for Wal-Mart, which is based in Bentonville, Ark., said the company fired the technician and a supervisor yesterday.
Microsoft has complained frequently in recent months that it has been denied the right to a fair defense in the continuing antitrust case with the European Commission.
Contrary to the government's blithe suggestion, a breakup of Microsoft would be hopelessly complex and difficult to administer.
IronPort, which was formed by a pair of former Microsoft executives, is trying to be involved in spam from every angle.
Intel, the world's largest computer chip maker, reported strong demand for its products on Tuesday, a day after a main Silicon Valley rival, Advanced Micro Devices, warned that it expected to report lower profits because of a price war with Intel in the flash memory market.
For example, Microsoft has discovered that 1 percent of the software errors cause 50 percent of the crashes users experience.
A Federal judge's finding last week that Microsoft is a monopoly that has stifled competition has left this season's crop of presidential candidates speechless.
Ivan Berger article on problems he experienced making transition to Comcast's own high-speed Internet service after bankruptcy court allowed ExciteAtHome to cancel its contract with cable companies; drawing (M)
Big decliners included Micron Technology, which fell $5.28, to $36.25; Applied Materials, which lost $3.50, to $40; and Texas Instruments, which closed at $28.35, down $2.63.
European antitrust regulators met in Brussels yesterday to decide whether concessions submitted by Time Warner and its proposed partners, America Online and the EMI Music Group, were sufficient to allay European concerns that the planned deals would choke competition in the Internet distribution of music.
Robert Suthers and Niwana Martin, participants in discontinued clinical drug trial, sue Amgen, demanding that it resume giving them experimental treatment--glial cell line-derived neurotrophic factor, or GDNF--for Parkinson's disease that they say helped them immensely but company says it is ineffective and potentially dangerous; plaintiffs say Amgen treated patients as mere guinea pigs, as material to be discarded, and have violated legal and moral obligation to continue to supply drug; Amgen declines comment; photo (M)
Setting the stage for a scientific and regulatory battle, Merck said yesterday that a potential successor to its painkiller Vioxx had shown in a large study to be no more dangerous to the heart than an older painkiller still widely in use.
Citigroup dropped $2, to $44.30; J. P. Morgan Chase fell $2.56, to $42.59; and American Express lost $1.49, to $37.27.
Indeed, since Wal-Mart acquired Asda for $:6.7 billion (about $10.5 billion) in June, an all-out pricing war has ensued among supermarkets in Britain.
Wal-Mart Stores' cheif executive H Lee Scott Jr says company's 'message has not in fact gotten out' and calls it 'management's failure,' speech to retail conference in New York; discusses image problems that have dogged retailer for last several years and draws distinctions between way Wal-Mart's founder Sam Walton handled company and his own management style; remarks hint at culture shift within Wal-Mart, where teachings of late Walton remain firmly planted in minds of many executives; retailer has come under increasing scrutiny for its labor practices and huge stores (M)
And, at least on a G4 Power Cube system that was provided by Apple, it refused to crash.
Microsoft is facing huge legal expenses fighting such lawsuits.
P & O Princess Cruises rejected a sweetened bid today from the Carnival Corporation, the world's biggest cruise company, and said it would press ahead with an agreement to merge with Royal Caribbean, the second-largest cruise line.
''He was very embarrassed, but my interpretation is that this is a result of the climate of fear Microsoft creates.''
Verizon officials questioned the negative tenor of the union's remarks, suggesting that it was trying to rally the troops and keep them on a strike footing.
Pfizer Fires a Vice President Who Criticized the Company's Sales Practices
They noted that the cost savings that other oil mergers had  attained would be difficult with two streamlined companies and that antitrust issues would be more pronounced than with other oil mergers because of Chevron's and Texaco's heavy presence on the West Coast.
For Microsoft, a New Industry Dispute
Abbott Laboratories plans to pay $622 million to settle investigation into sales practices for liquids needed to feed seriously ill; declines to discuss details of probe, which was disclosed in August 2001; news reports at the time described it as focusing on marketing tactics in which company gave tubes and pumps used to deliver liquid food directly into patients' digestive tracts in exchange for large orders of liquids; some of hospitals and nursing homes that received free equipment were suspected of billing Medicaid and Medicare (M)
But now, as Wal-Mart experiments with contemporary clothing, flat-screen televisions and nine-layer lasagna, that format has become a hindrance.
Microsoft and the cable television industry have circled each other uneasily for years.
Ms. Traxler said that she was already seeing the effects of the Boeing layoffs -- which are expected to claim 20,000 jobs or more in the Seattle area -- and that if there was any upturn at Microsoft, it was not offsetting the other bad economic news in any obvious way.
In Times Square, where cleanups and construction have combined to overcome decades of decay that chased away most mainstream advertisers, other returnees include Anheuser-Busch, for Budweiser beer; Coca-Cola, for its flagship soft drink; General Motors, for the Cadillac division; and Mr. Peanut, peddling the Planters line of nuts and snacks now owned by Philip Morris.
The lawyers concluded that they could use the Chapter 11 proceedings of Harbison-Walker, which had collapsed under the weight of its asbestos liability, to lay the foundation for the Halliburton settlement.
In a statement, a spokeswoman for the F.D.A., Kathleen Quinn, said that the agency was barred, as a matter of policy, from confirming or denying that it had held discussions with Merck about the project.
As one sign of its near-term difficulties, Intel warned Wall Street earlier this month that first-quarter sales would be about 10 percent below the expectations of a few months earlier.
Comcast would also assume $11.9 billion of Disney's debt.
Coca-Cola, which announced the resignation of its president on Sunday, slid $2.35, to $50.20.
But supremacy in the digital movie business could prove elusive for Wal-Mart, a company that is used to being the No.
The Apple retail stores, which were opening rapidly in the December quarter, lost $8 million when all administrative and store-opening costs were included.
But she added, "I'm concerned about AT&T's ferocious attack because I think the basic framework is sound."
Medtronic, a minority investor in Transneuronix that had supplied it with pacemakers and the technology for programming them, said it would pay $260 million for full control.
Last Friday, an arbitrator ordered Verizon to reinstate 2,300 workers after concluding that the company violated the contract's job security provisions by laying them off.
Delay of Intel's next-generation chip is unlikely to have much impact on average personal computer user; powerful new Merced chip is designed mainly for servers and work stations; analysts say consumers will not see benefits of chip for at least five years (S)
Eventually, Citigroup paid $215 million to settle the charges as well as class-action lawsuits.
IF you have less than $100,000 to invest, brokerage firms generally do not want your business anymore, not even the company that pioneered discount brokerage, the Charles Schwab Corporation.
Wal-Mart's goal was to wring billions of dollars from the supply chain by using the tags to keep shelves filled with whatever consumers were buying, cut back on shipments of other goods and combat theft.
Indeed, the company's founder, Charles Schwab, has preached against the dangers of frenetic trading and has become an icon among investors of lesser means.
With the deals, Novell is battling Microsoft on its home turf: the PC operating system.
In 1997, a community group in TriBeCa unsuccessfully petitioned the city to have the giant neon umbrella removed from Travelers' 39-story headquarters at 388 Greenwich Street, now home to Citigroup's investment bank and where a 16-foot, 5,300-pound steel umbrella sits outside.
Unexpected death of United Auto Workers vice president Jack Laskowski on Aug 8, apparently of heart attack, makes it likely that Ford Motor Co will be lead company in labor negotiations covering auto industry's 405,000 blue-collar workers; Laskowski led labor team negotiating with DaimlerChrysler AG; three-year labor contracts with DaimlerChrysler, Ford and General Motors Corp expire on Sept 14 (M)
Time Warner Inc offers to buy Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc for $5 billion; consortium led by Sony Corp made $5 billion bid in April, but its failure so far to complete deal appears to have opened field to rival bids (M)
Federal appeals court agrees to shelve temporarily lower court order requiring Microsoft Corp to carry Sun Microsystems' Java technology in Windows operating system (S)
The evidence supports the conclusion that Microsoft's actions did pose such a danger.
''People may not immediately say, 'That's water advertising,' because there are no spas, babbling brooks or yoga,'' said Kellam Mattie, senior brand manager for Dasani at the Coca-Cola North American division in Atlanta.
John Simley, another Wal-Mart spokesman, said workers had misunderstood the policy.
FBI agents search Speedera; company is uncertain about reasons for search, given that affidavit supporting search is sealed; Speedera has received civil complaint from competitor Akamai contending there was trade secret theft by Speedera's co-founder-chief technology officer Richard Day; Akamai says its proprietary information about customer Web site performance was stolen by Speedera from computers of Keynote Systems, company that tracks Web site performance (S)
A heated battle to buy Associated British Ports, which controls 21 ports in Britain, is pitting Goldman Sachs against Macquarie Bank of Australia.
Most notably, Stephen S. Roach, Morgan Stanley's chief economist, has argued that the Bureau of Labor Statistics undercounts the hours people work because employees increasingly perform work after hours on cell phones, beepers and home computers.
By around 8:30 p.m., Disney executives began to sense that Time Warner's threat to pull the ABC signal was real, though they still found it hard to believe.
Gary Parker, the district manager of Community Board 5, said that in March the board voted 21 to 5 to reject Apple's first plan to change the facade to limestone, with an apple logo carved in.
The fact that Citigroup was pulling 1,600 technology jobs out of the still-wounded precincts of Lower Manhattan and sending them to a corporate campus in Warren, N.J., did not even come up until the seventh paragraph of a nine-paragraph mayoral news release.
In the class-action confrontation, Microsoft says it has the money and the patience to withstand what it regards as an opportunistic assault on a deep-pocketed corporate target.
Christopher P. Liddell, Microsoft's chief financial officer, said the shortage of Xbox 360's was caused primarily by component shortages and that the company planned to add a third manufacturer.
''Bill Boeing must be turning over in his grave to learn his company is being ripped from its roots and moved cross country.''
But analysts said the bigger fear for Apple was whether the shortfall indicated that the company's much-heralded turnaround -- tied to Mr. Jobs's return to the helm and the introduction of the popular iMac desktop computer -- had run out of gas.
Some industry rivals of Time Warner, notably at the Walt Disney Company, are still lobbying hard for Brussels to reject both the EMI and America Online deals.
Tiffany was apparently scrupulous in emptying this room.
Much depends on the individual deals that were struck by Halliburton and plaintiffs' lawyers around the country.
Two years ago, when Costco decided to sell the sites -- Mr. Wine, who is vice chairman of Related, declined to disclose the price his partnership paid for them -- each was occupied by empty industrial buildings that have since been razed.
For example, for every $10 in local-network access charges that A.T.& T. currently pays Nynex in New York state, it spends about $3 in New York City and the remaining $7 elsewhere in the state.
In a letter to Morgan Stanley directors, the dissident former executives questioned whether the board had investigated the firm's deteriorating relationship with state and federal regulators.
''I think Nordstrom had a problem, and John Whitacre and the team he had assembled had started a process to bring the store toward the realities of retail today.
Judge Loretta A Preska dismisses lawsuit by PepsiCo that accuses Coca-Cola Co of unfairly wielding its influence to control beverages served in restaurants, movie theaters and other businesses; lawsuit challenged Coke's widespread use of 'loyalty' contracts with food-service distributors, independent vendors who provide restaurants, convenience stores and sports arenas with everything from cups to ketchup to concentrate used in fountain drinks; Pepsi asserted Coke pressed distributors to carry its fountain syrup exclusively, effectively barring Pepsi's ability to compete in $2.3 billion category that is outpacing rest of soda market (M)
Mr. Zafirovski resigned as president and chief operating officer of Motorola in January after being bypassed for the job of chief executive of that company in 2003.
Stephen M. Case and Gerald M. Levin came to Washington today to defend the proposed merger of America Online and Time Warner against a rising tide of criticism that the new colossus will be so anticompetitive that it must be reined in by regulators even before its creation.
Texas Instruments declined to disclose Acer's purchase price, leading analysts to speculate that it was embarrassingly low, probably just a fraction of its approximately $800 million in annual sales.
The proposals, which would also apply to Johnson & Johnson's anemia drug, Procrit, follow recent reports suggesting that the drugs, widely used to treat anemia in cancer patients, could actually be making the tumors worse or hastening deaths.
No new positions were immediately announced for Gregory H. Wolf, chief executive of Humana, or other Humana executives.
The forecast quickly took its toll on the shares of Motorola, which is based in Schaumburg, Ill. After rising 68.75 cents during the day, to $51.50 on the New York Stock Exchange, the share price fell as low as $49 in after-hours trading.
The nation's two most profitable airlines, Southwest Airlines and JetBlue Airways, said the planned cuts by the full-service carriers would have no immediate effect on their operations.
Oracle's admission today followed reports linking the detective firm, the Investigative Group International, to an unsuccessful attempt this month to obtain documents from a pro-Microsoft trade group, the Association for Competitive Technology, by offering payments to janitors at the group's Washington office.
Now, about 30,000 people affected by the waste are hoping that a lawsuit, accusing ChevronTexaco of dumping 18.5 billion gallons of waste into open, unlined pits, will lead to a full-scale cleanup.
Merck now faces more than 14,000 lawsuits from people who say that they suffered heart damage after taking Vioxx.
This time, they also came to gauge whether Apple would survive: Another gloomy financial forecast had sent Apple's stock price plunging the week before.
When the first reports of illness were made on June 8, executives of Coca-Cola Enterprises in Belgium were called in.
Recalling a big 1989 buyout, which some 12,000 AT&T workers took, he said, "We used to do a big business with retirement parties, picnics and other events, which seem to have been hurt by budget cuts."
Airbus has indicated that it will request loans from its European government backers for the project -- inflaming an already bitter trade dispute with Boeing.
Analysts lowered their earnings estimates in October after Boeing announced that the production problems would cost the company $2.6 billion through the end of 1998.
Verizon's largest union, the Communications Workers of America, said 92 percent of its 60,000 members working for Verizon in the Northeast had voted for a strike.
But Ms. Toben said Verizon was not selling assets with such an acquisition in mind.
Kodak also noted that its share of the American consumer photographic film market fell by three to four percentage points last year, though it said that some of a wider summertime loss had been regained during the final quarter.
And he challenged Microsoft to undertake its own investigation of Oracle.
That buying of Intel stock came on a day when Intel fell $3.94, to $34.13, in the process setting a new 52-week low, something the stock had not done since the fall of 1990.
(I've already found problems some techne-minded team at Microsoft should address, and not every product advertising its Vista-readiness is really ready.)
John A Thain's impending departure to run New York Stock Exchange will leave Goldman Sachs Group coping with most sweeping change in its management ranks since it became public company in 1999; since July departure of John L Thornton, who was co-president, Thain has been heir apparent to Henry M Paulson Jr; that role appears to have fallen to Lloyd C Blankfein, who is named to succeed Thain as president and chief operating officer; Goldman also announces that vice chairman Robert K Steel will retire late in January; photos (M)
The finding of consumer fraud will also force Merck to pay at least some of the lawyers' fees for Mr. McDarby.
Frustrated by the pace of the talks, AT&T last year began the process of turning T.W.E.
After a 78-day trial, Judge Jackson ruled in April that Microsoft, the world's largest software maker, had repeatedly violated federal antitrust law, bullied rivals and stifled competition and innovation.
Host Marriott would pay about $433 million for the communities and has set up a $107 million plan to add 1,075 residential units by January 1999.
But Pfizer is not prepared to yield to those pressures, people close to the company said.
In a related action today, Sun Microsystems, a bitter competitor to Microsoft, asked a Federal court to block the release of Windows 98 until Microsoft alters the program to include a Sun-approved version of Sun's Java programming language.
''This is a big frontier, and Bill is scared to death that it's going to pass him by,'' said a member of the AT&T team that negotiated the deal with Microsoft.
The report cites news articles, legal complaints and findings from labor organizations, much of which Wal-Mart says are inaccurate or outdated.
John Houldsworth, former chief executive of Cologne Reinsurance, Dublin subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway that is suspected of helping American International Group manipulate accounts, is at center of investigation, suprise to colleagues and acquaintances who describe him as circumpsect and reserved; financial investigators want to know aobut transaction he helped arrange in 2000 between General Reinsurance, which owns Cologne Re, and AIG; that transaction is critical to broader probe that has hit highest levels at both companies (M)
The company's position drew some support from the North American Electric Reliability Council, a group created by utilities to set standards for reducing the risks of disruption, which had called public attention to FirstEnergy's problems over the weekend.
''The evidence is no better,'' said Robert E. Cartwright Jr., a San Francisco lawyer whose lawsuits against Merck are among approximately 285 similar cases that have been consolidated before a single California state judge in Los Angeles.
Aides say Gov George E Pataki will appoint his chief of staff John P Cahill to take control of rebuilding effort in Lower Manhattan; he will also use hundreds of millions of public dollars to jump-start fund-raising effort for 9/11 memorial at World Trade Center site, and push ahead timetable for producing redesign of Freedom Tower office building; Cahill will be charged with power to bring together disparate agencies and agendas at site of multibillion-dollar redevelopment project; one of his first priorities will be to lure Goldman Sachs & Co back to Lower Manhattan; Pataki's latest plans seen as his starkest and most public acknowledgement that large and emotionally delicate effort in Lower Manhattan has suffered serious setbacks in recent weeks; Pataki, whose third term expires next year, has long hoped that rebuilt and prospering downtown would be cornerstone of his legacy; all those involved at ground zero will report to Cahill, including whoever succeeds Kevin M Rampe as president of Lower Manhattan Development Corp (M)
And odd as it may seem, the barren desert land surrounding the Columbia along the Oregon-Washington border -- at the intersection of cheap electricity and readily accessible data networking -- is the backdrop for a multibillion-dollar face-off among Google, Microsoft and Yahoo that will determine dominance in the online world in the years ahead.
In reaction to the earnings and Apple's continued poor peformance, the Standard & Poor's Corporation today lowered Apple's corporate credit rating and senior debt rating to B from B+, and its subordinated debt rating to CCC+ from B-.
General Motors, in contrast, finds people who suffer from various afflictions of aging, and brings them in to try everything on a car, including inserting and turning the ignition key.
Sarah Heady recalls how her mother Virginia thought up widely recognized red umbrella logo that represented Travelers Group from 1959 to 1998, when Citigroup took over company and symbol; regrets that Citigroup is contemplating changing its name to Citi and eliminating umbrella; photo (M)
Hurt by a 30 percent decline in sales from the previous quarter, Applied Materials, the world's largest manufacturer of chip-making equipment, reported quarterly earnings that missed Wall Street's expectations by a penny yesterday.
As the Microsoft antitrust case hurtles toward its conclusion, both sides are drawing on the experiences of AT&T to support their legal and political arguments, though in some cases the references are inaccurate or incomplete.
Analysts said yesterday that company executives were worried United Healthcare's charge could be just the beginning of other financial troubles.
Nation's biggest cable companies, yielding to pressure from regulators, lawmakers and interest groups, say they expect to introduce packages of family-friendly channels as early as first quarter of 2006; National Cable and Telecommunications Association head Kyle McSlarrow says at least six cable companies, including two largest, Comcast and Time Warner Cable, are developing packages of channels that would appeal to parents who want to shield their children from potentially offensive shows; in recent weeks, FCC chairman Kevin J Martin and several congressmen have pressured cable industry to remedy concerns of advocacy groups that oppose sex, violence and profanity on airwaves; photo (M)
For the year, Time Warner had a loss of $191 million, or $1.04 a share, compared with a loss of $166 million, or 57 cents a share, in 1995.
Analysts are skeptical, though, about those projections because AT&T already has its hands full in merging the operations of its leading component, SBC Communications, and the old AT&T, long the namesake long-distance provider, a deal that was sealed last fall.
PROVING that Microsoft has a monopoly is not hard, and now regulators on two continents have agreed that it abuses that monopoly.
In bringing the case, the government has attempted to show that an Oracle-PeopleSoft merger would hurt customers.
The tit for tat public exchanges and the slow drip of executive departures has kept downward pressure on Morgan Stanley's shares, especially since there is a sense that Mr. Purcell has survived the worst of the battle and may not be forced to step down any time soon.
''There are ways to make it more difficult for Microsoft to leverage its Windows monopoly without crippling Microsoft,'' said Michael A. Cusumano, a professor at the Sloan School of Management of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Some advisers to President-elect George W Bush indicate that his administration may be willing to walk away from Justice Department's victory in Microsoft antitrust case; Bush made statements during campaign indicating that he did not agree with government's case and court-ordered breakup of Microsoft; Attorney General-designate John Ashcroft is said to hold unenthusiastic view of antitrust in general, but sat on Senate committee that questioned Microsoft chairman William H Gates in 1998 about Microsoft's practice of placing links to company's Web site on main page of Windows operating system; 19 state attorneys general are partners in litigation and say they will pursue their case no matter what administration does; photo (M)
Pfizer pleads guilty and agrees to pay $430 million to resolve criminal and civil charges that it paid doctors to prescribe epilepsy drug Neurontin to patients with ailments that drug was not federally approved to treat; Dr David P Franklin, medical adviser to Warner-Lambert, which Pfizer acquired, will receive $26.64 million of settlement for bringing lawsuit under federal 'whistle-blower' law; doctors are free to prescribe any federally approved drug for whatever use they use, but pharmaceutical companies are not allowed to promote drugs for nonapproved purposes; photo (M)
But pressure on the remaining defendants has increased as companies, including Honeywell International, have dropped out.
's chief executive, Hector Ruiz, called Intel an ''abusive Goliath'' using monopoly tactics, his Intel counterpart responded Tuesday that the harsh words were those of a rival losing ground on a new battlefront.
Intel Corp inventors Edward Gottsman and Adam Brody patent system that links cell phone with bar-code scanner to World Wide Web site featuring agent that shops Internet to let users check Internet prices for items they examine at stores; Ericsson inventors Chyrel Park and Walt Evanyk patent system that lets cell phone owners connect to electrical systems in their cars and control windows, doors, locks, lights, ignition and other functions; Sandra Dudley patents cellular car phone system that calls owner if car's alarm is set off (M)
But, as Pentagon budgets for military hardware are tightening and more money has been going toward computerized warfare systems, General Dynamics has followed.
Several officials had been suggesting publicly that the creditor banks could salvage the Micron deal by forcing out Hynix's current directors, who have said they think Hynix can survive on its own now that chip prices are rising.
But for Time Warner, the Bronfman deal is simply less risky.
Emulating the continental spread of Starbucks -- which has more than 2,800 outlets worldwide and which last year had $1.7 billion in sales -- will mean succeeding where other coffee chains have failed, analysts warn.
The financier Carl C. Icahn is backing away from his attempt to break Time Warner into pieces, looking instead to negotiate some smaller changes at the company in exchange for dropping his acrimonious campaign, according to people involved in the discussions.
The rest of the cuts will be spread across the country in 43 offices that Aetna plans to combine in six regional centers and at roughly nine other locations.
Charles Phillips, co-president of Oracle, told attendees at the customer conference that the Justice Department would have difficulty proving its claim that the market for business software programs that automate human resources and financial management processes is not highly competitive.
Kodak had grown frustrated with how few independent retailers were installing Kodak's photo-manipulation machines, or prominently displaying frames and other ancillary products.
But James McQuivey, the research director of Forrester Research, which did the survey in partnership with the National Retail Federation, said that the survey data was hard to interpret and that Amazon's results seemed to him about in line with where he thought the industry was.
General Motors will announce plans to invest $500 million to help modernize five Michigan factories; investments will not create large number of jobs; GM lost $8.6 billion in 2005 and is looking for ways to reduce costs (M)
Last year, of the 10 top-selling video games, 5 were sequels in the Electronic Arts sports franchises, 3 were licensed Star Wars titles and another was based on Pokmon, according to the NPD Group.
Drop in Overseas Sales Hurts Oracle
The town collects what is called a host community fee, $4.50 a ton, for providing a landfill for trash that Waste Management Inc. hauls to Pennsylvania, the nation's largest importer of interstate trash, from New York, the nation's largest exporter.
While we regret that this decision did not favor us, General Motors remains a valued client and business partner.''
C. V. Starr, the privately held insurance company controlled by Maurice R. Greenberg, has filed a lawsuit against American International Group -- the insurer once led by Mr. Greenberg -- accusing it of trying to destroy Starr's business.
But in an interview yesterday, Mr. Icahn said that he did not plan to take on Motorola's operational strategy and would instead focus on its balance sheet, arguing that the company should be doing more for shareholders.
AT&T said the unit's margins were hurt by price competition in the computer business.
(Microsoft also warns that more and more shows may soon be copy-protected by their creators.
Connecticut's attorney general, Richard Blumenthal, urged Judge Jackson to ''adopt remedies that are as far-reaching and fundamental as Microsoft's abuses of its monopoly.''
Microsoft's stance changed in 2002 and 2003 when computer worms like Blaster and Slammer, preying on flaws in Microsoft software, spread worldwide and began to threaten the company's relations with consumers and corporate customers alike.
Two major rivals, Interpublic and Havas, are struggling.
The incidence of a rare but serious side effect associated with Eprex, an anemia drug from Johnson & Johnson that is sold overseas, has been sharply reduced by changes in the packaging and administration of the drug, two teams of scientists said yesterday.
Correction:  January 7, 2006, Saturday  An illustration in Business Day yesterday with an article about expansion plans by Yahoo and Google used a picture of a cellphone with a misleading label about the company that is working with Yahoo to market cellphones with enhanced software.
One possible threat to Amazon over the longer term would be developing a reputation for not being a low-cost seller.
In recent years, H&R Block has sought to diversify into areas like financial planning and advisory work, which was where the Express IRA's were being offered.
And Interpublic has some homegrown problems, too.
Procter & Gamble Reports 4% Sales Drop
Aetna Inc posts net loss of $48.2 million in first quarter in contrast to net income of $170 million in year-earlier period; chief executive Dr John W Rowe comments (M)
When AT&T says it must acquire BellSouth to compete against a new generation of telephone providers, what it is worried about is losing more people like Mike Habib.
KPMG is censured by Securities and Exchange Commission, which says firm helped executives at Xerox Corp manipulate and distort financial statements from 1997 through 2000 by issuing audits stating that Xerox's reports were consistent with accounting rules when they were not; accounting firm also agrees to make extensive changes to its business practices to prevent future securities law violations; one measure requires that chairman of KPMG to certify to SEC that mandated overhaul has been put in place and to provide commission with evidence that firm is conforming to changes; KPMG also says it will pay almost $22.5 million in settlement, including $10 million civil penalty, repayment of $9.8 million it earned by auditing Xerox's books during period, and $2.7 million in interest; neither admits nor denies any wrongdoing (M)
But Janice Hayes, a Boeing spokeswoman, said yesterday that it was unclear how many more jobs would be lost.
In a sign that not all hiring has stopped on Wall Street, the Goldman Sachs Group has hired Alison J.
Even with the industry downturn, sales in Corning's telecommunications division rose 8 percent, to $1.4 billion, in large part because of demand in Asia.
Because a large part of such settlements often go unclaimed, Microsoft has agreed to turn over half of any unclaimed amount to needy schools.
Terry Semel, the chairman and chief executive of Yahoo, said, ''HotJobs bolsters our listings offering by instantly positioning Yahoo as the No.
Criticism of Wal-Mart's wages, health insurance and pricing strategy has crescendoed in the last year, with the release of a feature-length film attacking the company and the passage of a law in Maryland that, unless struck down, would force the retailer to increase spending on health care.
Procter & Gamble fell $1.11, to $69.05; Merck dropped $2.08, to $77.45, and Johnson & Johnson lost $1.68, to $96.80.
And in the case of Intel it might not prove a winning argument.
RIGHT or wrong, it has somehow become conventional wisdom: Wal-Mart is bad for small businesses, outspending, outmaneuvering and outgrowing lesser rivals until they change their strategy or close their doors.
Shares in AT&T (the former SBC Communications) and BellSouth, which face many of the same problems, have dipped less than 5 percent each.
The company generated 12,000 pages of technical documentation, but the commission was not satisfied and filed a new lawsuit against Microsoft in December, accusing it of failing to supply the information the commission had demanded and of charging too much for the data it was offering.
Extending the idea of ''cause computing,'' Intel said it was joining with the American Cancer Society, the National Foundation for Cancer Research, the University of Oxford and United Devices Inc. to develop a system permitting home and work PC users to donate excess processing power on their desktop machines to try to solve scientific and medical computing problems.
Fourteen New York Mets games on SportsChannel will be blacked out by Time Warner's New York City cable systems starting on Aug 15 if payment dispute is not resolved (S)
But until recently, Citigroup was never realistic about the long and difficult road ahead.
In the previous four quarters, Oracle said that the dot-com collapse was a large factor in the downturn.
Xerox recently consolidated 36 administrative centers into 3, but did not provide adequate staff.
The 19-page complaint is a broad-brush document arguing that Microsoft's Windows operating system, which runs 90 percent of all personal computers in the world, is poorly designed, flaw-ridden, and that the company ships software it knows is riddled with security flaws.
If investment bankers at Citigroup have complaints about their annual bonuses for 2002, their boss, Sanford I. Weill, will probably be in no mood to listen.
THERE are a lot of things I do on Amazon.com that I don't necessarily want everyone to know about.
A spokesman for Citigroup declined to comment, but he stressed that the bank believed that its dealings with Enron were ''entirely appropriate.''
Boeing Lags In Building Spy Satellites
Its legal fight with A.T.& T. was so long, costly and time-consuming that the MCI staff joked that the company amounted to "a law firm with an antenna on the roof."
But analysts expect Verizon to have to spend tens of billions of dollars to buy out Vodafone, a prospect that makes some investors uneasy.
That insight, delusional as it may be, struck me not long ago when Apple Computer unveiled the Mac Mini in an attempt to lure the Windows crowd to take a walk on the wilder side.
As Guidant's market share in those devices declined to around 25 percent, Johnson & Johnson threatened to back out of the merger.
There are various channels of information, extensive use of sound and moving pictures, commercial interruptions and programming developed within Microsoft and by outside sources.
Paris court rejects lawsuit by French human rights advocates and Holocaust survivors who sued Yahoo for one symbolic euro; accused Yahoo of having condoned war crimes when it sold Nazi paraphernalia on its auction pages; French law forbids display or sale of racist material, but items were available to French users who clicked on to American pages; court says Yahoo did not seek to 'justify war crimes and crimes against humanity' when it sold items on its Web site (S)
Michael Murphy, editor of The California Technology Stock Letter, also said that the Year 2000 worry is misguided, and added that any damage it did to Adobe shares presented a buying opportunity.
The Microsoft Corporation appealed a Federal judge's order that pretrial questioning of its chairman, William H. Gates, and 16 employees in the Government's antitrust action be opened to the public and the news media, the company said today.
Mr. Brady asserted in a lawsuit that Wal-Mart had discriminated against him because of his disability, violated the Americans with Disabilities Act with ''a hostile work environment'' and other obstacles, and ignored the requirements of a nationwide consent decree it signed as part of a $6.8 million settlement with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission in late 2001 that closed more than a dozen similar cases from around the country.
But in forging a merger with Time Warner, the No.
Mr. Alsop said yesterday, only half-joking, that if Apple's board could meet his compensation requirements, he would be willing to venture boldly where others have failed.
But this week, having just left Microsoft, he is joining a Silicon Valley software start-up founded by a pair of his former enemies from Netscape, Michael McCue and Angus Davis, and backed by Jim Clark, the co-founder of Netscape.
The agency's warning came in a faxed letter to Boston Scientific on Wednesday that was disclosed after the stock market closed Thursday.
Micron Technology is withdrawing from talks over future of bankrupt Hynix Semiconductor, dashing lingering hopes of South Korean Government officials that deal could still be worked out for Micron to acquire Hynix's memory chip business; Micron's chairman Steven R Appleton makes plain his anger over Hynix's rejection of agreement (M)
Isn't government interference more of a threat to consumers than Microsoft?
Laboratory Corp of America agrees to pay $187 million in civil and criminal penalties to settle Federal charges that it billed Medicare, Medicaid and other public programs for unnecessary blood tests; settlement is biggest in half a dozen cases resulting from four-year investigation that involved most clinical laboratories; settlements, including Laboratory Corp's, total $479 million (M)
But in September, observant visitors glimpsed a surprising spectacle: the arrival of taxis dispatched by Boeing to pick up parts from local suppliers, parts desperately needed to move unfinished airplanes out the door.
Article on how Madison Avenue, whose television ads have helped turn some prescription drugs into billion-dollar products, is expanding role in drug development; lastest example is pain drug Bextra, sales of which soared sixty percent in three months after American Dental Assn journal published study showing it offered relief after dental surgery; federal regulators had rejected that conclusion six months earlier, leaving Pharmacia and Pfizer hard-pressed to market drug until more positive report came out; problem is that report came from Scirex, little-known research firm owned partly by Omnicom, one of world's largest ad companies; Omnicom, Interpublic and WPP have invested tens of millions of dollars in companies that perform clinical drug trials; critics like Dr Arnold S Relman and Dr Thomas Bodenheimer say it becomes impossible to separate marketing from science, while ad executives say intention is to direct research toward potential big sellers; federal law bars promotion of drugs before FDA aproval, but published research and medical education are exempt, and doctors may prescribe drugs for any purpose; Linda Logdberg, Lenard I Lesser and other industry critics also comment; photos; graph on sharp rise in drug-promotion spending (L)
Intergraph, in its suit, said it had no alternatives for the microprocessors it needed other than Intel, and a Federal judge agreed.
With Pharmacia, Pfizer gets top-selling products for cancer and eye care, markets in which it now has a very limited presence.
The ad mocks Verizon for using models rather than real workers in its ads.
Revenues also came in lower than Wall Street expected at $7.75 billion, down 11 percent from the $8.75 billion Motorola reported in the quarter a year ago.
Last month, Morgan Stanley disclosed in a regulatory filing that the Securities and Exchange Commission was still investigating its failure to adequately supervise its research analysts and investment bankers before the settlement, which was announced in April 2003.
Coca-Cola, the world's largest soft-drink maker, is likely to accelerate its shift in emphasis from expansion to exploiting its existing dominance around the world.
Autobytel.com, Internet car-buying service, plans to act as car broker by selling cars directly over Internet; this follows news that Amazon.com will get into online car-selling business by taking 5 percent stake in Greenlight.com; both developments are part of broader scramble by Internet companies to get into mundane business of selling cars and car parts; Internet services now handle virtually entire process of buying car; cars still come from dealerships' lots, but Internet companies say many customers do not want anything to do with dealers; Autobytel.com's customers can view cars on its Web site, finance car online and have new car delivered to their homes (M)
''There's a lot of threat of Microsoft three years down the road, but not a year out,'' said Mr. Zorovic, who downgraded Adobe's stock last week to neutral, from a buy rating.
The agents, who work on commission, say they should receive overtime pay because Allstate, starting in January 1999, required them to keep their offices open more than 40 hours a week.
Belgian officials said a ban on imports of Coca-Cola products from a plant in Dunkirk, France, would be maintained until the French authorities had finished their inquiries into contamination there -- including unconfirmed reports that rat poison might have been the cause.
In addition, Citigroup said yesterday that its Citibank subsidiary would report a $130 million loss in its corporate banking business because of about $240 million of after-tax losses related to Russia and about $100 million in after-tax losses related to the decline in the value of its bond holdings.
Suit filed by law firms headed by Joseph Sellers and David Boies on behalf of workers in Florida and Texas charges Humana Inc misleads health plan members by failing to disclose financial incentives to doctors and case reviewers to limit or deny care; asks Federal court to certify class action on behalf of over six million Humana customers nationwide; seeks triple damages under anti-racketeering law (M)
The lawsuit essentially claims that Johnson & Johnson executives knew of the problems identified in Ms. HochbergSmith's memo and did not take adequate steps to remedy them.
''Both sides will try to spin this in their favor,'' said Vincent S. Walkowiak, a Dallas lawyer who has worked for Merck in other cases but is not involved in the Vioxx litigation.
Micron Technology also reported today a third-quarter loss that was bigger than expected.
Two scientists at the Xerox Palo Alto Research Center have surveyed the behavior of anonymous music downloaders on the Internet and have found that, rather than demonstrating a ''from each, to each'' ethos, most Internet users are only taking files and not giving any back to their electronic community.
Union Pacific was allowed by the Surface Transportation Board, the Federal agency that oversees the industry, to acquire Southern Pacific last year despite warnings from rival railroads and many customers that the deal would result in higher prices and poorer service.
Some of those mistakes were noticed by Goldman Sachs's own technology bankers, who made tough-minded critiques of Mr. Noto in an evaluation of his work from August 1999 to July 2000, a period that included the early months of the Nasdaq collapse.
The Senate version of what is being called the iPod bill softens some measures that could have forced Apple to open all music sold from its iTunes Music Store to play on portable devices other than the Apple iPod.
''The chief executive isn't instrumental to the day-to-day operations of the company,'' said Dick Adams, a consultant to about 500 McDonald's franchisees.
In addition to the job cuts, Mr. Peck said Intel would make a number of strategic moves that would have been unthinkable only a year ago, including separating its product line into a clearly delineated low end and high end, advertising heavily and, above all, lowering prices.
David Bernstein, a professor at George Mason University School of Law in Fairfax, Va., said that the Dow Corning offer showed that fighting until the bitter end was ''not always worth it, even if the truth is on your side.''
Analysts in New York said it was difficult to estimate how much money Coca-Cola was losing.
Moreover, American and European officials do not see eye to eye on how to deal with future conflicts like the Boeing case.
More than a year ago, Mr. Roberts, the president of Comcast, was anxiously watching Mr. Murdoch's News Corporation maneuver for control of the DirecTV service.
Amazon charges 15 percent of each donation plus 15 cents.
The financial uncertainty is a big reason that shares of Verizon, the No.1 local phone company, have lost almost 17 percent of their value this year.
Correction:  January 9, 2007, Tuesday  Because of an editing error, an article in Business Day yesterday about announcements by Sony and Microsoft regarding sales of their latest game consoles carried an incorrect dateline.
Public relations executives comment on how Apple Computer could exploit recent report that thefts of iPods contributed to rise in New York City subway crime; photo (M)
Mr. Frazier's comments appear to represent a subtle but important shift in strategy for Merck, although he denied that the company had made any change in its position.
Marriott also has wired broadband Internet service in guest rooms at 800 hotels; it charges $9.95 a day for access.
Mr. Wolf said the shortage of chips hurt Apple because the company had not been able to deliver its newest computer, the iMac G5, which offers an entirely new design.
Express Scripts yesterday dismissed the antitrust issue as ''a red herring'' that Caremark was wielding to distract stockholders.
Since the agents became independent contractors, Allstate has no responsibility for expenses.
Verizon will cut prices to $34.95 a month for regular subscribers and less than $30 for subscribers who also buy Verizon's package of local and long-distance phone service.
But yesterday, Kodak gave them reason again to feel depressed.
But Microsoft's competitors are lobbying the new administration to hold firm, arguing that since the case began, the market share of Microsoft has continued to grow.
The interdependencies inside AOL Time Warner will be so myriad that any claim by its journalists to independence -- and therefore worries about conflicts -- may no longer be realistic.
Last year, Federal District Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson ordered Microsoft to be split into two companies after finding that it had repeatedly bullied rivals and violated the Sherman Antitrust Act.
Since joining Intel in 1974 with a master's degree in business administration from the University of California at Berkeley (he holds no engineering degrees), Mr. Otellini, who was not made available for an interview, has risen through the ranks.
Including all charges, AT&T reported a net loss of $975 million, or 28 cents a share.
Wal-Mart is not alone in giving shoplifters some leeway.
But with the rise of the Internet, the service's potential customers no longer wanted to pay AT&T for access to the information stored on Notes data bases, because it was much cheaper and more convenient for  them to use their Internet connections.
If Microsoft seems to be violating the terms of the consent decree, intended to last five years, any enforcement proceeding must occur quickly.
Kodak is no exception -- although health imaging provided $1.6 billion, or about 10 percent, of Kodak's revenues last year, analysts say it provided a lower percentage of profits.
Neither AOL nor Time Warner would discuss the issue publicly, presumably for fear of alienating the analysts who follow them.
A sharp drop at General Motors helped push down auto sales nationwide in March, despite pitches from American carmakers for consumers to take advantage of the latest deals.
Article on recall of Coca-Cola Co products across Europe focuses on scene at School of St Mary in Bornem, Belgium, where 39 children were taken ill from drinking soda, 33 of first day of crisis and 6 more the following day; says many students say they will never drink Coke again, sentiment Coca-Cola fears most in Belgium and many other parts of Europe; Sasha Cockx, one of first Belgian students to fall ill after drinking Coke, and school's director Odilon Hermans comment; photos (M)
2 executive, Donald J. Listwin, was resigning to lead an unnamed company in which Cisco is a minority shareholder.
accused Intel of unfair pricing and rebates, and of coercing customers to prevent them from using A.M.D.
At the same time, labor unions have objected to any deal with Micron, which they fear will reduce the current Hynix work force of about 15,000 people.
As part of asserting itself in the fountain business, Pepsico also sued the Coca-Cola Company in United States District Court in Manhattan in May, accusing it of antitrust violations and unfair domination of the food-service distribution area of the fountain business.
New York Stock Exchange member William Higgins sues exchange directors and Goldman Sachs, seeking to stop proposed acquisition of Archipelago Holdings; holds deal, which would grant members 70 percent of merged company plus about $300,000 a seat, grossly undervalues exchange; scores lock-up period of up to five years in which current seat holders could not sell stakes and provision reserving 5 percent of stock for some exchange employees, including chief executive John A Thain; deal would give Goldman Sach, which owns 15.6 percent of Archipelago and represented both exchange and Archipelago in talks, over 5 percent stake; photo (M)
The criticism has been reflected in many news reports.
AT&T, like Microsoft, argued during its trial that a breakup would damage or destroy the company's research capabilities.
But while anyone can determine when the 60-day meter begins running by checking the publicly accessible portions of the database (through VeriSign.com or other registrars' or resellers' Web sites), it can be difficult to figure out when the expiration period actually runs out.
The judge is not obligated to accept Microsoft's request.
''To date, such fiscal stimulus packages have not led to sustained economic growth, but rather are increasing domestic debt substantially,'' Moody's said.
By the time the investment bankers were willing to sell shares in Netflix, the company was no longer desperate for the $94 million it ended up raising in its initial public offering.
But United States District Judge Gerard Lynch denied Morgan Stanley's appeal and ruled that ''the subpoenas will be enforced,'' though he said the firm had to turn over information only about formal complaints of discrimination.
After the latest accounting irregularities at WorldCom and Xerox, lawyers and accountants warn that the conditions are ripe for a flurry of corporate financial restatements.
The News Corporation will also assume Heritage's $600 million debt.
A.T.& T. Loses Its Credit-Card Mastermind
Peter F. Karches, a former Wall Street executive who spent 25 years at Morgan Stanley, died Thursday at Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston.
''It's a big breakthrough in acknowledging there are medical aspects to sexual dysfunction in women,'' said Jennifer R. Berman, director of the Female Sexual Medicine Center at the University of California, Los Angeles, and a consultant to Procter & Gamble.
Intel Fails To Meet Its Targets
Several industry executives said Microsoft would get limited endorsement from Apple Computer, which is trying to walk a middle ground between the warring camps.
Among Mr. Cahill's first priorities will be to lure Goldman Sachs & Company back to Lower Manhattan.
According to executives involved in the cable industry, leaders of the Comcast Corporation, the nation's No.
Intel's managers declined to comment on the prospects for a broader recovery, but Mr. Kumar, the analyst, expressed his doubts.
But the communications workers have not unionized any of Verizon's wireless workers in the last three years, and they blame management's opposition for that.
In addition to searching for a cheaper graphics processor for the Xbox, Microsoft has broken its game relationship with the chip maker Intel and is planning to use an I.B.M.
Questions about Internet anonymity are raised after John Hritz, AK Steel general counsel, asks Ohio state courts to reveal identity of Jane Doe on ground that her messages on Yahoo message board are threatening, libelous and disparaging to him and his company; two advocacy groups involved in workplace and online issues, Public Citizen and Electronic Frontier Foundation, argue that AK Steel request goes too far, giving companies power to silence corporate critics whether or not a case will ever be filed; some corporations and their advocates counter that Internet allows unfair 'online assault' that can damage reputations (M)
Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly of United States District Court appeared to assent today to drawing analogies between Microsoft's past and current behavior, but only in a limited context.
Bayless Cronin resigns advertising account of Red Hat, Linux-based software and service developer (S)
Mr. Nelson is no longer with Interpublic, Mr. Krakowsky said, and the remaining work the Interpublic agencies will produce is being coordinated by his No.2, Steve Hardwick.
Mr. Nishi, a former director of research at Texas Instruments, said he did not see any fundamental obstacles to manufacturing the chip that I.B.M.
When satellite broadcasters sought to enter the Philadelphia market, Comcast refused to provide them with broadcasting rights for local sports games, citing a law that prohibits such programming from being transmitted by satellite, said Pantelis Michalopoulos, a lawyer who represented EchoStar, one of the satellite companies affected.
In a speech, Craig Barrett, chief executive of Intel, argued that there was no such thing as the wireless Internet.
Nervous about bidding on eBay?
Some bankers speculated yesterday that the eight other banks that did comply might have inferred that Genuity was worried about Verizon's intentions.
''I think it is somewhat reckless to throw out numbers as he has,'' said Thomas K. Brown, whose investment firm, Second Curve Capital, bought Citigroup shares in July.
Time Warner had cut off the ABC stations as of 12:01 a.m. Monday.
In fact, many of the services in question, including Yahoo, clearly state in their policies that hate-fostering speech is prohibited, especially if it incites violence.
Vicki L. Sato, the top research manager at Biogen Inc., has resigned to take a similar job at Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc., a start-up company just down the street from the Cambridge, Mass., biotechnology pioneer.
''In my opinion -- and I'm entirely prejudiced -- if I were you, I'd go on eBay and see if you can find some 30-year-old toaster oven that's still in good shape,'' he said.
Variant MSBlast spreads, but new worm has odd twist: it applies patch for vulnerability that it and other MSBlast worms use to infect Windows systems; new worm appears to properly download to patch for both Windows 2000 and Windows XP from Microsoft's Web site; variant will delete itself first time infected computer starts up in 2004 (S)
Two other companies -- DePuy Orthopaedics, a unit of Johnson & Johnson based in Warsaw, Ind., and Biomet, also based in Warsaw -- said they had received similar subpoenas.
Micron said its semiconductor memory operations lost 26 cents a  share fully diluted, on net sales of $283 million, down from $440 million in the first quarter of fiscal 1998.
Just how much Oracle will have to spend, Mr. Broder said, ''will depend on how hard they want to play.''
Mr. Gilmartin's position at Merck has also been challenged.
Bill J. Kirby, a marketing director in Intel's desktop platforms group, said the cancellation of the project was part of an overall shifting of resources to projects with broader demand.
And it now looks as if Amgen will narrowly miss the projection it made at the time of the deal that sales of Enbrel would reach $3 billion by 2005.
Comcast Says It Will Stop Storing Data On Customers
In Short Order, Oracle Loses One of Three Co-Presidents
Microsoft cried foul again yesterday, saying the government's comments on handheld devices and server computers were beyond the scope of the trial.
After setting aside charges related to acquisitions, Intel earned $998 million, or 15 cents a share, beating estimates by 4 cents a share.
But eBay insists that it has taken forceful action to reduce fraud.
From computers to hand-held devices to set-top boxes for digital television, it is hard to find a European version of Sun Microsystems or Oracle, two American companies that have lobbied hard for a breakup of Microsoft.
If Pfizer decides that the pharmacies are ordering more drugs than they need to meet Canadian demand, it will cut off or curtail shipments to them, the company said.
They also point to a precedent in which Motorola defeated a challenge by the N.B.A.
Interview with Brent Woodworth, IBM crisis response team head, who personifies first wave of information technology industry's efforts to recover and rebuild from terrorist attacks; much of team's work is in form of humanitarian aid, distributing computers and setting up software without charge for relief workers; photo (M)
A company spokesman said Intel had imposed a hiring freeze in the current quarter.
Disney company board's rejection of Comcast merger bid noted
Jeff Mallet will resign as president and chief executive of Yahoo; company reports sales of $188.9 million for fourth quarter, down from $310.9 million year earlier; lost $8.7 million in quarter, compared with loss of $97.8 million year earlier (M)
The results, announced after the close of trading, were in line with the company's own forecasts but they fell short of analysts' expectations and disappointed investors, who sent Yahoo shares tumbling nearly 8 percent in after-hours trading.
NBC, a subsidiary of General Electric, became the latest example of a large entertainment company to push into the emerging space for Web portals, only to find that its name brand failed to lure Internet users away from the smaller companies who entered the space first.
Within weeks of the Vioxx withdrawal, the Food and Drug Administration ordered Pfizer and other makers of antidepressants to put a ''black box'' warning -- the most dire type -- on their labels, indicating that the drugs could cause suicidal thoughts and actions in some children and teenagers.
So far, Union Pacific has been sued and threatened with suits by shippers and is discussing possible safety violation citations and fines with the Federal Railroad Administration.
The Federal Government and the states have recently broadened their allegations against Microsoft by adding evidence that it tried to bully Intel, Apple Computer Inc. and other companies to squelch competition.
Final Ruling in Microsoft Antitrust Case Is Unexpectedly Delayed for About a Week
Beyond any penalty it faces in Europe, a ruling exposes Microsoft to the risk that its strategy of bundling software applications with Windows will once again make it a legal target in the United States.
Verizon Communications Inc withdraws its application to offer long-distance communications services in Massachusetts, fearful that petition will be rejected by federal regulators (M)
Motorola plans today to introduce a line of personal computers equipped with Apple Computer Inc.'s Macintosh operating system, as the companies bid to expand the market for such machines at a time when it is threatened by I.B.M.-compatible computers running Microsoft Windows software.
Correction:  July 3, 2003, Thursday  Because of an editing error, an article in Business Day on Friday about plans by Abbott Laboratories to settle an investigation into its sales practices misspelled the name of its partner in a joint venture, TAP Pharmaceutical Products, which earlier settled accusations related to the marketing of a cancer drug.
Executives at the Verizon Foundation acknowledge the problem.
Intel first disclosed the new chip, known as the Pentium processor with MMX technology, last March, and some analysts have said this early announcement caused the weak sales of consumer PC's last month.
Yahoo announced better-than-expected quarterly earnings today, quelling investor concerns that consolidation and business failures among struggling dot-coms might hurt its revenue base.
Citigroup is latest giant company to fall from grace among investors, as Congress examines its deals with Enron Corp and market participants grow concerned that its many businesses pose many risks; stock falls 16 percent, shaving $26 billion off Citigroup's market value and leaving it down 47 percent for year; stock closes at $27, down $5.04; shares of J P Morgan Chase, also in spotlight at Senate hearing, falls $4.44, or 18 percent, to $20.08 per share; Morgan has been plagued by questions about its ties to Enron since Ernon filed for bankruptcy in December; Citigroup is only now being forced to defend activities of its investment bank Salomon Smith Barney; analysts say Citigroup should have financial resources to deal with any legal or regulatory liability, but no one can estimate what potential liability might be (Market Place column) (M)
There was only one problem: Dow Chemical was never for sale and neither executive, one of whom was on the company's board, had told the company they were trying to put it into play.
It is unclear whether the technician was able to sort Mr. Barbaro's calls from those other Times reporters might have made to Wal-Mart since all calls from the newspaper's New York office register on caller ID screens as a series of numeral 1s.
A judge on Wednesday rejected a request for accelerated indictments against 29 people, the Bank of America and two auditing firms, dealing a blow to prosecutors who were seeking a fast trial in the collapse of Parmalat, one of the world's biggest corporate fraud cases.
As before, Intel attributed the decline in its sales and earnings to weak demand from so-called original equipment manufacturers, the computer makers who buy Intel's microprocessors to install them in their machines.
City-politics mavens said Time Warner was afraid to anger Mayor Giuliani, who could make life difficult for the company when its city cable franchise license comes up for renewal the year after Mr. Giuliani's presumed re-election.
The suit was filed in New York State Supreme Court only hours after Mr. Stern pre-emptively took the offensive at a news conference, accusing CBS of trying to threaten and bully him.
MCI comes under attack from rival phone companies, which seize on news that it is focus of criminal investigation; one competitor criticizes MCI in bankruptcy court, another challenges its government business and third makes public letters suggesting that MCI's new management team had been aware for some time of problems at center of inquiry; MCI lawyers meet with investigators; Michael D Capellas, chmn and chief exec, declares 'we will do the right thing;' says MCI has 'zero-tolerance' for wrongdoing; photo; AT&T, Verizon and SBC Communications all lodge complaints against MCI (M)
But officials from Speedera said that they received a civil complaint yesterday from a competitor, Akamai, that might be related to the search, both companies said.
Despite his accusations of racism, Mr. Curry says he feels certain he would still be at Morgan Stanley were it not for the June 1998 issue of Playguy.
Lawyers for American International Group former chief executive Maurice R Greenberg reportedly have approached regulators to try to limit scope of issues discussed when he is deposed at New York Atty Gen Eliot Spitzer's office; Spitzer says he has evidence Greenberg committed fraud in initiating AIG deal with Berkshire Hathaway's General Re unit, television interview; notes AIG has already admitted over billion dollars of accounting frauds; says he has not uncovered evidence against Berkshire Hathaway chairman Warren E Buffett; again says Buffett is not probe target; federal and state regulators plan to interview Buffett (M)
The bureau cited Priceline in September for failing to fully disclose the terms of its travel offers and for customer service problems.
Interview with A Barry Rand, new chief executive of Avis Rent A Car; comments on being eliminated from race for chief executive at Xerox Corp, which led to his resignation there as executive vice president; photo (M)
Microsoft Executive Denies Key Allegation in U.S. Case
Analysts say News Corp's decision to write down $909 million in sports television programming for its Fox network may halt recent inflation in cost of broadcast network sports contracts; write-down, which caused company to post $606 million second-quarter loss, was divided among company's contracts with National Football League, Nascar and Major League Baseball; photo (M)
Chief Technology Officer At Microsoft Takes a Leave
''AOL, before and after its merger with Time Warner, is a serious competitor on a wide range of businesses,'' Jim Cullinan, a Microsoft spokesman, said in an interview.
He lowered his ratings on Cisco and Nortel and warned that many smaller companies could fail to meet earnings expectations.
But some customers contend that Microsoft's estimates severely underestimate the impact of the new licensing program.
Shooting a warning across the bow of the recently revived stock market, the Intel Corporation said yesterday that first-quarter sales would fall about 10 percent below modest predictions it had made less than two months ago.
After a delay of almost four months, Ford Motor will release its third annual corporate citizenship report today.
And the companies may decide against suing Microsoft for other reasons.
EBay's earnings report comes at a time of increasing doubt on Wall Street that it can keep pace with rivals.
In preliminary conversations with retailers, Mr. Farah said he had heard no hints that they might cut their orders for Lauren/Ralph Lauren.
AMR Corp, parent of American Airlines, reports net loss of $529 million in fourth quarter compared with loss of $798 million year earlier; revenue was $4.19 billion, 10.1 percent increase over year earlier; net loss was $3.51 billion for 2002, 10.1 percent increase over year earlier; chief executive Donald J Carty comments; Southwest Airlines reports profit of $42.4 million in fourth quarter, 33.2 percent drop from $63.5 million year ago; revenue rose 13.2 percent from year earlier, to $1.4 billion; chief executive James F Parker comments (M)
Morgan Stanley lawyers said in court documents that when they first met Mr. Luethke last summer, they thought of him as a good Samaritan, adding that the firm paid him $10,000 as a ''reward'' for thwarting a crime.
(EBay allows sellers to change or update auction listings if no bids have been placed.)
In addition, the costs of merging with the McDonnell Douglas Corporation, which it purchased for $16.3 billion last year, have proved to be more than expected and the economic crisis in Asia has dampened the demand for new airplanes from some of Boeing's best customers.
While analysts said Coke's forecast for the year was disappointing, they did not fault the company's business strategy.
In June, a demand by Mr. Trimble and his lawyers prompted Amazon to withdraw ''The Committee'' from its site in Britain, though the book is still on sale at a lower price on its American site.
Yet because Amazon started first and borrowed $2 billion to cover its years of losses, it really did get big fast, with $3.1 billion in sales last year.
Texas Instruments lowers revenue projections for second time in five weeks; lowers its capital spending plans to $2 billion, 30 percent reduction from last year; graph (S)
Java, programming language at issue in the contract dispute between the Microsoft Corp and Sun Microsystems, is fundamentally different from other computer languages like C, C++, Pascal or Basic because it is intended to be used over networks, especially by many kinds of computers running different operating systems; from programmer's point of view Java makes all operating systems equal and that poses serious threat to Microsoft, whose market dominance is based on fact that Windows is industry standard (M)
Seeking to prevent Ms. Schieffelin from filing a suit, Morgan Stanley took peremptory action against her in an industry arbitration forum, effectively suing one of its own employees before she had filed any kind of complaint.
Confounding the skeptics again, Apple Computer Inc. reported quarterly earnings today that were more than twice the consensus forecast of Wall Street analysts.
Because of its size, Wal-Mart's weak performance brought down many composite November retail indexes, in some cases more than a point.
The Lockheed Martin Corporation has scored some minor legal victories so far in defending itself against the Government's effort to block its proposed $8.3 billion takeover of the Northrop Grumman Corporation.
Under the plan, Aetna will pay primary care doctors additional fees to screen patients for depression and to provide follow-up consultations for patients who are either put on antidepressants or, in more severe cases, referred to psychiatrists or psychologists.
The malicious program, known as the Nimda Worm, emerged on Tuesday, spreading to tens of thousands of computers and exploiting vulnerabilities in Microsoft software, according to the Computer Emergency Response Team.
To be fair, it's equally easy to scan consumer complaint sites and find irate customers berating Verizon in the plainest of terms (''Can you hear me now?!
But Mr. Bove noted that the bank's share price, which closed down 41 cents yesterday at $43.70, is a weak reflection of Citigroup's earnings potential.
The commission will argue against granting a stay on the basis that the monopoly abuse is continuing and that the Microsoft dispute is the most serious antitrust case the European Union has had, a spokeswoman, Amelia Torres, said.
But there's a more profound glitch in the evidence provided to the jury: none of it was in the form that would allow juror, regulator or anyone else to determine if General Motors made the wrong call.
Corning's management committed many errors.
Brian Ek, a spokesman for Priceline, said company executives would have no comment about Ms. Miller's departure beyond what Daniel H. Schulman, the chief executive, said in a statement last week.
The new ads, they said, resulted from research that Pfizer and McCann Erickson conducted among men with erectile dysfunction, their partners and their doctors.
The e-mail messages were provided to The Times by Jay W. Eisenhofer, who is suing Staples over the matter on behalf of the Teachers' Retirement System of Louisiana.
In recent years, Gap Inc. made a series of fashion goofs that spiraled into a mess of gloomy financials and management purges.
The government on Tuesday released the first batch of crash test results for 2005 model cars and trucks and it was not good news for the Ford Motor Company.
Microsoft adamantly denies that it has broken any laws.
The browser war between Microsoft and the Netscape Communications Corporation already threatens a truly global marketplace that is fully accessible with any browser on any computer platform.
Microsoft's stock took a beating last week after the government's intention to seek a breakup was reported.
Trial lawyers say Microsoft Corp is likely to face class-action lawsuits arising from malicious computer viruses and worms that have exploited security flaws in Microsoft software; software companies have so far sidestepped liability suits partly by selling customers license to use their programs--not actual ownership--with lengthy list of caveats and disclaimers, but whether software industry can remain beyond reach of product liability is still not certain (M)
Since Mr. Spitzer sued Marsh on Oct. 14, his investigators have turned up evidence of deception and coercion at Aon, the second-largest broker, and attorneys general and insurance regulators in several states have widened investigations of the industry or started new ones.
Microsoft's filing, in a sense, is the latest salvo in its long-running legal battle with the government to define the scope of the antitrust case.
Where Mr. Bell started his McDonald's career flipping burgers and mopping floors at the age of 15, Mr. Skinner, 60, joined in 1971 as a restaurant manager trainee in Carpentersville, Ill.
Boeing, in an official statement, characterized its offer as containing ''significant movement'' and said that the breakdown in negotiations and likelihood that the strike would continue were ''disheartening.''
The news agency said the stake of the Citigroup consortium would be limited.
The Chevrolet division of General Motors plans to introduce nine new models over 20 months, starting in January, setting up a battle to overtake the Ford brand as the nation's top seller.
GGT Group PLC, battered by loss of big advertising accounts, including Procter & Gamble Co, agrees to be acquired by Omnicom Group for $234.2 million in cash (L)
Falling ad revenue hurt the News  Corporation's television and newspaper units last quarter.
-- and would not read a newspaper if it would end world hunger.
In a preliminary ruling, the judge found that Microsoft had violated its licensing contract with Sun Microsystems Inc., inventor of the Java language, by altering it so it was tailored for Microsoft's Windows and incompatible with Sun's Java technology.
The Sony Corporation cut the price of its PlayStation 2 video game machine to $150 Tuesday to match the competition from Microsoft's Xbox as it moved ahead with its plans to challenge Nintendo as a maker of hand-held game players.
After Union Pacific merged with the Southern Pacific Rail Corporation in September 1996, it reported difficulties in linking the companies' computer systems.
Procter & Gamble, the consumer products giant that makes Crest toothpaste and Tide detergent, ended merger talks yesterday with the drug concerns Warner-Lambert and American Home Products after investors panned the combination and Procter suffered its worst stock price decline since the market crash of 1987.
Mr. Topper decided to leave despite the intervention of Stephen S. Crawford and Zoe Cruz, Morgan Stanley's newly appointed co-presidents, who asked him to reconsider.
But that arrangement is widely seen as having failed to keep Mr. Murdoch from shaping The Times's news pages as he sees fit.
Creating a network operating system -- an idea that Microsoft once opposed -- is a real shift in strategy, and a particularly daring one because it strikes at the heart of the bitterly contested federal antitrust lawsuit that Microsoft is now appealing.
But there is still so much to be done, they say, that before Interpublic can fully repair the damage and move forward, it may fall too far behind competitors like the Omnicom Group and the WPP Group.
Wal-Mart's Bank Plans Questioned
Waste Management had revenues of $9.2 billion last year, compared with just $2.6 billion for USA Waste, the third-ranked company in the industry after Browning Ferris Industries.
FTC is investigating marketing practices of VeriSign Inc, which registers Internet addresses; in recent months, company has been hit with spate of lawsuits accusing it of deceptive marketing practices related to its efforts to persuade rivals' customers to shift suppliers of Internet addresses (M)
Merrill Lynch & Company and the Charles Schwab Corporation said that the expense cuts they have made this year were not deep enough to offset the depressed level of stock trading by their customers.
But on Wednesday in Japan, Intel plans to announce that it will begin marketing a new generation of memory chips -- no bigger than a fingernail -- that can store not one but two bits of information on each transistor, essentially doubling the storage capacity of even the most transistor-rich chip.
American International Group, the insurance giant, is expected to announce a settlement with federal and state regulators later this week that will require the company to pay about $1.6 billion to settle charges covering a wide range of regulatory issues, according to two people briefed on the negotiations.
Amid this uncertainty, Oracle reported fourth-quarter earnings yesterday that beat expectations slightly and showed a rise in revenues from new licenses.
Yahoo is the No.
''The numbers Pfizer presented today created no long-term stock value,'' he said.
But Cisco does not disclose the value of those bookings, she said.
Fitch downgraded the rating on Interpublic's senior unsecured debt to BBB-, from BBB, and also downgraded ratings on a bank credit facility to BBB-, from BBB; on convertible subordinated notes to BB+, from BBB-; and short-term debt to F3, from F2.
The first major box-office disappointment of the holiday movie season, Walt Disney's animated ''Treasure Planet,'' was a casualty not only of increased competition from other studios but of a persistent reluctance among teenage moviegoers to embrace action-oriented animated fare.
And, while owning a McDonald's was once a sure-fire moneymaker, many of the company's franchisees have voiced disappointment with lower profits, expensive new cooking systems and strained relations with management.
Marriott International completes installation of wireless high-speed Internet access in 400 hotels in US, Canada, Britain and Germany; is charging $2.95 for first 15 minutes of access and 25 cents for each additional minute; also has wired broadband Internet service in guest rooms at 800 hotels; Rosenbluth International says business-trip airline bookings are up 25 percent since government declared war in Iraq over, and they are now back at 2002 levels; American Airlines says beginning July 8 passengers on most flights will be able to use their telephones shortly after landing, while plane is still taxiing to gate; American says it worked closely with Federal Aviation Administration to gain changes on cellphone use (Memo Pad column) (M)
What worries Mr. Abed now is how to keep his management and operations from getting too bloated as Taesa grows.
General Motors will temporarily lay off more than 10,000 workers for one to four weeks early next year at five plants that mostly produce sport utility vehicles and pickup trucks; move is further sign that sales of largest SUV's are under pressure amid unusually high gas prices (M)
For one thing, he said, large business customers build major internal applications using Oracle's data base, so switching to competing products is not a casual choice.
With today's announcement three huge, dominant weapons producers have emerged: the Boeing Company, Lockheed Martin and now Raytheon, each with $20 billion or more in annual revenues.
But the company conceded defeat Monday, just hours before Mr. Bronfman's group said it would buy Time Warner's entire music unit for $2.6 billion, more than twice the cash EMI was offering for the recorded music group alone.
A former Wal-Mart executive responsible for inspecting apparel factories in Central America has sued the company, accusing it of firing him for being too aggressive about finding workplace violations, like locked exits and mandatory 24-hour shifts.
''Microsoft was found guilty of violating the Sherman Antitrust Act,'' said David B. Yoffie, a professor at Harvard Business School.
Sanford I Weill tells Citigroup employees that he now plans to stay on as chairman until his scheduled retirement next April, ending internal debate that spilled outside bank over his plans to leave and start private equity fund; says he was hurt by speculation that in pursuing any new venture, he might somehow find himself competing with Citigroup or acting contrary to company's interests; photo (M)
If the American case were to be decided in the same way as the British one, Pfizer could lose its patent protection for Lipitor in this country about a year sooner than currently expected.
Kodak announced its wireless EasyShare-One camera way back in January, but its release has been repeatedly delayed.
Much of the drop was attributed to a one-time charge related to Boeing satellite and rocket businesses.
Computer security experts and federal officials warn rogue computer program Code Red, dormant since it infected some 350,00 computers July 19, is about to strike again; say attack could slow Internet speed; program, known as worm, attacks IIS Web server software on machines running some versions of Microsoft's Windows operating system; few users seem to have installed patches offered by Microsoft and others to fix problem; photo (M)
Verizon, the country's second-largest phone company, said yesterday that it had not provided local phone records to the National Security Agency as part of efforts to compile a database of calling records to track terrorist activities.
Christopher Jones, a Microsoft vice president in charge of Windows, testified against penalties that a coalition of states want the court to impose on Microsoft to redress the company's antitrust violations.
Earlier this month, the company tacitly acknowledged Mr. Drury's continued disability and named Ralph V. Whitworth, an executive with Relational Investors L.L.C., which controls 1.1 million Waste Management shares, as acting chairman.
With its large-type screen design, Microsoft has taken a first major step toward solving that problem.
The Union Pacific merger left too few locomotives and overworked crews, supervisors often unprepared for their new duties and clashing computer systems that lost track of trains.
Yahoo and other popular Internet companies face growing international pressure to exclude racist clubs and auction items that are proliferating online; Simon Wiesenthal Center says Internet now harbors over 2,000 groups promoting anti-Semitism or white supremacy, at least twice as many as center found in spring 1999; auction sites like eBay have been targets of protest for allowing sale of items like Nazi flags; some sites have been asked to reevaluate way their search engines retrieve results; many Web services bar hate-fostering speech, but refuse to monitor or actively seek out violators; photos (M)
Many retirees are weighing company coverage against new Medicare drug insurance program; many companies are sending retirees notices that if they cancel their current prescription drug coverage, company will cancel medical coverage as well; Louis A deBottari, Boeing retiree who received such a letter, says he will continue to use company's drug insurance instead of switching to Medicare plan; photo (M)
Reviewing Mr. Black's book in The New York Times, Gabriel Schoenfeld said Mr. Black was ''struggling to force his evidence into a box in which it does not fit,'' although he added that the book showed there was ''room for a serious study of I.B.M.
That amount included both punitive damages and lawyers fees, which Bristol had been awarded after Microsoft was found to have violated Connecticut fair trade laws.
Analysts had not taken a strike by Boeing's engineers as a serious threat to the company.
In the biggest recall in Coke history, the Governments of France, Belgium, Luxembourg and the Netherlands have ordered products from the Coca-Cola Company off their shelves after dozens of people who drank the soft drinks became ill.
Last week, Amazon cut off affiliate payments to Morpheus, one site that employs the shopping software, said an online executive.
But the company's explanation that macroeconomic forces are largely to blame for the continued weakness was met with skepticism from some Oracle analysts and investors.
One analyst said that the news hit especially hard because Nike seemed to be rebounding from a dreary spell.
In the multiyear deal, Verizon's 3.3 million broadband customers will be able to use the co-branded portal at no additional charge.
That performance has helped depress the stock price, making Dow Jones an attractive takeover target for Rupert Murdoch and his News Corporation, whose bid for the company sent the stock price soaring.
Yesterday, Express Scripts filed suit to block the CVS deal, arguing that the terms deal supported by the Caremark board prevents its directors from executing their fiduciary duties to shareholders.
But the deal, which extends VeriSign's control of the .com database at least through 2007, is raising concerns among the company's competitors and critics, who say VeriSign may have an unfair advantage in the increasingly lucrative market for reselling Internet addresses.
In a takeover battle in 1999 that pitted Comcast against AT&T for control of the MediaOne Group, the bidding generated $345 million in fees for investment bankers, lawyers and accountants.
Viacom had not negotiated with the groups and was not part of today's announcement; the groups said that they had not determined if they would proceed with legal action against the broadcaster.
Mixed Day for Coca-Cola in European Illness Scare
Microsoft's market research showed that many New Yorkers complained that they lapsed into going to the same restaurants and missed out on cultural events because they did not have the time to plan new eating and entertainment options.
More worrisome to analysts were Amazon's gross profit margins, which fell shy of the 23 percent they had expected.
Analysts, however, were not ready to conclude that eBay was back on track after a momentary stumble.
Despite its low stock price, Corning is unlikely to fall prey to a hostile takeover bid.
Then he suggested that Intuit write software for Apple computers and others running DOS but leave the new market for Windows computers to Microsoft.
For Yahoo, An Ordeal Of Discord
The judge concluded that Morgan Stanley ''has deliberately and contumaciously violated numerous discovery orders.''
WorldCom will pay Verizon $35 million.
Analysts say that the quality of MSN's results is still lower than its rivals, Google and Yahoo.
Groundswell of dissatisfaction among 2,000 African-Americans covered by discrimination lawsuit against Coca-Cola Co threatens to destabilize or even derail the $192 million settlement; they have until March 19 to accept or reject settlement, and if 200 or more of them opt out of agreement, Coke has option of declaring settlement invalid; source of plaintiffs' frustration is that under settlement, those covered in lawsuit must approve accord and sign away their rights to sue Coke in future before they find out how much money they will receive (M)
But many experts said it might be premature to assert -- as the appeals court did in reversing the order to break up Microsoft -- that private lawsuits could curb the company's behavior when the available government remedies are limited.
When asked to vote electronically this afternoon on what remedies would be most appropriate, 46 percent voted that Microsoft should be broken up, while 30 percent favored fining the company $1 billion.
There is no direct pitch for Microsoft or Windows Vista on the site, but there is, as it turns out, a connection between Mr. Martin's meandering commercials and Windows Vista.
He cited a June 23 letter from William A. Clineburg Jr., one of Coca-Cola's lawyers, denying the existence of shredders in a room being used to assemble documents for the company's defense.
One day after he issued his judgment that found Microsoft in broad violation of the nation's antitrust laws, Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson laid out a tight schedule for filings from both parties every 10 or 15 days ''under a genuine fast track which would enable us to conclude the remedy phase within 60 days'' of Monday, he said.
Mr. Gilmartin and Judy Lewent, chief financial officer of Merck, said yesterday that the company was financially sound and that there were no plans to cut the quarterly dividend, which was recently raised by 1 cent, or to change the company's plans to repurchase stock.
''All I can say is we're disappointed with today's ruling and still need to review the details of the court's decision,'' Jim Desler, a Microsoft spokesman, said.
Apple's financial woes have diverted attention from the company's surprise acquisition of Next Software Inc. and the return of a co-founder, Steven P. Jobs.
A spokesman for Bank of America said that the bank announced in October that it would no longer do business with hedge funds involved with improper mutual fund trading and that it continued to cooperate with regulators.
Both sides have said that the rivalry between Microsoft's Windows Media Player and a competitor, the Real Player program produced by Real Networks, most closely resembles the browser wars of the mid-90's.
But analysts said the problems McDonald's is encountering in Germany were not of its making.
PC makers, software developers and others who rely on Microsoft's Windows technology were disappointed by the delay past the holiday season in the consumer market, and their sales will most likely suffer this year.
Wal-Mart Resists Pressure In 'Brokeback' DVD Sales
Since word leaked out last week that talks with Northeast were under way, Con Edison's stock has been pummeled on concerns that a merger with Northeast would depress Con Edison's strong earnings.
His ruling dealt only with liability, and Judge Murphy said the court would turn next to the question of how to compensate the affected employees -- an especially difficult issue now because market forces have magnified pension costs to all companies, including I.B.M.
Microsoft says Google's objections are mistaken, and that its new browser, Internet Explorer 7, increases a user's search options.
Signaling the end of major mergers in the nation's military industry, the Lockheed Martin Corporation abandoned its planned $8.3 billion acquisition of the Northrop Grumman Corporation yesterday, a deal the Government opposed on antitrust grounds.
Earlier in the day, Dr. Tevanian elaborated on his charge that Microsoft tried to force Apple to stop developing its Quicktime software for use on Windows computers.
They urged the jury to look past Mr. Lanier's allegations about Merck's marketing practices and focus on whether Mr. Ernst suffered a heart attack, as Mr. Lanier has claimed.
Comment on question of whether MCI crossed line between deft management and fraud when it used schemes to reduce access payments it made to local phone companies like SBC Communications, Verizon and BellSouth to complete its customers' calls; schemes to reduce access payments described; drawing; photo (M)
''Directionally they are doing the right thing, but this raises their risk profile,'' said Mr. Kelly of Goldman Sachs.
The Interpublic managers cautioned that a reversal of fortunes would be neither easy nor quick.
Losers today included G.E., which fell $1.30, to $37.70, and manufacturers like Boeing, which skidded $1.85, to $52, and Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing, off $1.82 at $101.81.
''I'm not sure how to top this,'' said Donald W. Carter, the project manager in Boston in charge of Verizon's team of nearly 400 technicians and managers.
Mazda Corp to pay IBM Japan, unit of IBM, 50 billion yen ($47 million) over next decade to maintain its computer networks and some 10,000 personal computers (S)
Halliburton, which is paid a fee of 2 percent of the cost of the fuel it delivers, has strongly denied the accusation of overcharging, if not the pricing cited by the lawmakers.
General Motors Corp says profit plunged 92 percent in fourth quarter because of large one-time charges, slight erosion of profits in North America and heavy losses overseas, especially in Europe; company earned $30 million in Europe in fourth quarter of 1999, but that turned into $463 million loss during fourth quarter of 2000; North American operations earned $979 million in fourth quarter; company earned $609 million; sales fell to $45 billion from $46.26 million a year earlier; for all of 2000, profits fell 25.8 percent, to $4.45 billion compared with $6 billion in 1999; sales rose to $184.63 billion from $176.56 billion; Robert Hendry, chief executive of GM's German subsidiary, Adam Opel AG, says he will resign at end of March (M)
Judge Gladys Kessler, of United States District Court here, said the stiff fine reflected ''the reckless disregard and gross indifference'' displayed by Philip Morris and Altria in destroying the records.
Microsoft Office is so dominant -- it has more than 90 percent of the market for business applications suites -- that Apple executives worried that their company would be crippled if their customers could not buy it.
Walter Isaacson, Time Inc editorial director, lobbies Chinese officials at AOL Time Warner's Fortune Global Forum, Hong Kong, to lift ban on newsstand sales of Time imposed after magazine's Asian edition carried article on outlawed Falun Gong sect; Chinese reportedly signal ban will be lifted this week; News Corp official James Murdoch comments at forum panel discussion on how company deals with Chinese curbs on press freedom; photo (M)
Whatever the outcome of the Microsoft trial, don't expect Bill Gates to say he's sorry.
During the call, Motorola officials stressed that earnings would be hurt in the next few quarters by its heavy investments in new technology, especially flat-panel displays and the Iridium satellite system for worldwide wireless communications.
Parkinson's Patients Suing Amgen Over Drug
American Express disputed that characterization.
Sailing above the price wars that have battered personal computer makers, the Microsoft Corporation reported third-quarter earnings yesterday that exceeded Wall Street's expectations.
Mr. Palmer and Craig R. Barrett, Intel's president and chief operating officer, have been talking about a settlement intermittently since Digital filed its lawsuit in May, charging that Intel had violated 10 of its patents -- many related to Alpha technology -- with Intel's best-selling Pentium, Pentium Pro and Pentium II microprocessors.
But for now, the sales turmoil has badly slowed Xerox's efforts to get customers for the expensive superfast digital copiers that are its highest-margin products.
AFTER more than a year of mopping up a mess of regulatory scandals, Citigroup said yesterday that the Federal Reserve had cleared it to pursue big deals.
And other British retail stocks fell back sharply amid worries that in Britain's already troubled supermarket business Wal-Mart would cut prices at Asda to strengthen the chain's share of the market.
And the savings would disappear if the government insisted that none of Chevron's output was coming from the two leases, but from the four not eligible for the break.
Bristol-Myers Squibb will take one percent stake in Exelixis Inc, genomics company, and work with it to develop new class of cancer drugs; will pay $20 million for $10 million worth of stock (M)
American Express is moving to exploit growing dissatisfaction with hotel prepayment requirements, cancellation penalties and other restrictions often imposed by third-party Internet travel-booking sites.
The new campaigns for Coca-Cola will cover the United States and overseas markets, where Coke sales have been disappointing in the last year, hampered by economic crises and retail price increases.
An internal inquiry found that Mr. Sears, once considered a candidate for Boeing's top job, and Ms. Druyun, who was also fired, tried to cover up their discussions, the company said.
But Barry Rosenblum, president of the city's Time Warner systems, said he would not accede to ''outrageous'' demands that would be an ''unfair burden to all our subscribers.''
It also said it would stop producing clones of Apple Computer Inc.'s Macintosh, resulting in one of those costs, a $95 million charge.
It has led to the resignations of two top lawyers there and invited an investigation by the Manhattan District Attorney's office in which Morgan Stanley and Mr. Luethke are still subjects.
George Lucas's movie company, Lucasfilm Ltd, announces that next three films in 'Star Wars' series, one of most powerful franchises ever produced, will be distributed by 20th Century Fox, film division of News Corp; first new 'Star Wars' film, which is currently untitled, is scheduled to be released in May 1999 (S)
Go Daddy, which also provides registration services, had said that VeriSign had mailed notices to unwitting customers in an effort to fool them into transferring accounts.
Judge Michael E Ballachey orders Ford Motor Co to recall and repair nearly two million cars and trucks after concluding that automaker knowingly installed defective ignitiion systems in as many as 22 million vehicles nationwide and concealed defects from consumers and regulators; order is first recall imposed on carmaker by a judge in US history; case affects vehicles that were made between 1983 and 1995 and registered in California (M)
Last week, Yahoo reported weak search revenue and said it would delay a critical search advertising system, sending its shares down 22 percent to a two-year low.
Morgan Stanley slipped to a No.
Half-dozen American insurance companies are exploiting loophole in federal tax law by moving headquarters to Bermuda or being acquired by Bermuda insurer to avoid paying income taxes; are exploiting ability to send premiums collected from customers to corporate parents in Bermuda and treat transfer as business expense, even though money is only shifted from one part of company to another; can use savings to offer lower prices to customers or keep prices steady and earn higher profits for shareholders; advantage could force companies based in US to cut prices to compete, resulting in decline in profits; four of biggest insurers--Chubb, Hartford, Kemper and Liberty Mutual--have asked Congress to eliminate tax shelter; say arrangement, while legal, threatens to drastically reduce government's revenues and discriminates against any property and casualty insurer that maintains headquarters in US; Treasury officials estimate all property and casualty insurers could shelter $40 billion annually by shifting operations to Bermuda, avoiding $7 billion in taxes annually; Treasury would be deprived of 4 cents of every dollar income taxes currently collected from corporations of all kinds; state governments would suffer similar financial consequences; chart (M)
Until now, Starbucks has managed to maintain the fast-food industry's most consistent revenue growth per store -- at least 5 percent each year since 1991 -- partly by avoiding the messy and expensive business of cooking, said Joe Buckley, a restaurant industry analyst at Bear Stearns.
''This new architecture is very critical to Intel retaining its lead,'' said Dean McCarron, an analyst at Mercury Research.
In the trial, Microsoft did claim that there was prior art that undermined the claims of the Eolas patent.
Assuming the law was on Time Warner's side, ABC would potentially face big advertising revenue losses -- up to $3 million a day, according to some estimates.
That will enable Cisco, Nortel and JDS Uniphase to take sales from Lucent even if overall demand is weaker than expected.
But the idea that the effectiveness of lobbying by Microsoft could even be a subject for discussion today shows how far the company has come in just a few short years.
Interpublic also said it would delay by five days, until Tuesday, the release of its 10-Q quarterly financial report to the Securities and Exchange Commission, which had been scheduled for today; details of its third-quarter results, which had been scheduled for yesterday; and an analysis of results for the first nine months of 2002, also expected yesterday.
Amazon.com has come out swinging in its fight to stop a new unionization drive, telling employees that unions are a greedy, for-profit business and advising managers on ways to detect when a group of workers is trying to back a union.
Citigroup stood to lose more than $1 billion that it had lent to Enron if its credit rating was downgraded and the company subsequently collapsed.
Motorola Inc and Nokia Corp file federal lawsuit in effort to reclaim about $3 billion owed to companies by Uzan family, owners of Telsim Mobil, Turkish telecommunications company; suit states Uzan family defrauded companies in violation of Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (S)
Yesterday's complaint said that in 2000, while Mr. Conway was directing the Xerox audit, he was informed by auditors at KPMG's British affiliate that some accounting procedures used by Xerox ''are not considered to produce results which reflect commercial reality'' and ''might override/disguise genuine commercial trends.''
When a clinical trial in 2004 showed that Vioxx was riskier than a placebo, or sugar pill, Merck acted prudently and withdrew the drug from the market, Mr. Kiernan said.
Interpublic suffers another blow as General Motors consolidates media planning and buying at Publicis.
Oracle Corp takes case for its $9.4 billion hostile takeover of PeopleSoft directly to group of PeopleSoft corporate customers; co-president Charles Phillips tells customer conference that Justice Department, which has decided to sue to block deal, will have difficulty proving its claim that market for business software programs that automate human resources and financial management processes is not highly competitive; market is dominated by SAP of Germany, with PeopleSoft and Oracle holding second and third positions (M)
''The 747 is a plane that is tough to beat,'' said Dan Mooney, Boeing's vice president for the 747 program.
Lockheed Martin and BAE Systems filed protests to Air Force to $4 billion contract to upgrade C-130 transport plane that former Air Force official Darleen Druyun has said was improperly awarded to Boeing; protests are first step in process that could ultimately lead to termination and rebidding of contract; Druyun was sentenced to nine months in prison last week for role in awarding contract to Boeing; photos (M)
But their returns were far below what Marriott projected, and the investors contended that Marriott had known that would be the case and took advantage of their lack of knowledge about the hotel business when it sold them the partnerships.
To cover the costs of merging the companies' operations, Citigroup will take charges against its earnings of $600 million to $700 million before taxes.
Shire Pharmaceuticals Group, British drug company, agrees to pay $1.6 billion in cash to acquire Transkaryotic Therapies, American company that has developed its own version of anemia-fighting protein that is biotechnology industry's biggest-selling product; Transkaryotic's chief executive Michael J Astrue resigns rather than carry out transition to new ownership; biggest potential product in Transkaryotic's portfolio is Dynepo, company's version of erythropoietin, anemia drug sold under names Epogen and Aranesp by Amgen, and as Procrit and Eprex by Johnson & Johnson (M)
United Healthcare's aborted acquisition of Humana may not be the last of its troubles, analysts said.
He earned credit for integrating Tyco Toys, which was purchased in 1997, but under his watch, Mattel lost out to Hasbro in the battle over the license for Star Wars toys.
THE cola wars are taking an unusual twist as the Pepsi-Cola Company division of PepsiCo introduces its first campaign in years meant to offer rational reasons to drink its flagship beverage rather than intangible emotional ones.
The Xerox Corporation, still struggling to become as much an undisputed leader in digital imaging machines as it was in old-style copiers, said yesterday that high training costs, pricing pressures and slow sales had combined to drive its earnings below analysts' expectations.
Arnold Weinstock, who for 30 years dominated Britain's electrical and electronics industries with his giant General Electric Company, only to be ousted by critics who then virtually bankrupted the company, died on Tuesday at his home in Wiltshire.
In raising the warning flag Wednesday, Intel couched its objections in technical terms.
Last Oct. 23, federal officials rounded up 250 illegal immigrants at 60 Wal-Mart stores in 21 states.
Analysts said the announcement lifted one of several clouds that had depressed Aetna stock, which has declined almost 40 percent the last 12 months.
During that period, Pfizer representatives said publicly that the company had no evidence that either Celebrex or Bextra caused the kind of heart problems found in a large study of Vioxx.
The SCO Group, which has spent the last few months suing I.B.M., a leading supporter of the Linux operating system, and warning that Linux violates its copyright, announced plans yesterday for profiting from Linux rather than trying to fight it.
''The introduction of broadband to the wireless consumer is no less important than the arrival of broadband in the wired Internet world; we will have hundreds of video updates available every single day,'' John Stratton, Verizon Wireless's chief marketing officer, said.
General Motors announces three-year plan of 5,000 more jobs cuts in addition to 25,000 previously announced, but analysts say blueprint lacks speed and breadth that helped rivals make comebacks; chief executive Rick Wagoner expresses confidence that restructuring will help reverse more than $2 billion in losses this year; cuts and closing of all or parts of dozen installations will still leave GM with more capacity than sales; analysts warn that such inefficiency, along with hesitant leadership, lackluster designs and costly health and pension plans still put GM at disadvantage; photos; map; graphs; Toyota alone is building two more North American plants and rivals Carlos Ghosn at Nissan and Dieter Zetsche at Chrysler have rolled out popular new models and cut spending steeply; Wagoner does not say when GM expects to make money again or how much savings revamping will yield; Wall Street is unimpressed and shares decline modestly; Wharton professor John Paul MacDuffie observes that Wagoner, in post five years, was trained for era when GM intimidated competitors; rivals now have clear identities, commitment to environmentally friendly products and customers who do not need incentives to buy; GM to close assembly plants in Oklahoma City, Lansing, Georgia and Ontario and close assembly line at Saturn's Tennessee plant, known for labor-management cooperation; expects jobs cuts by attrition including retirements and buyout packages being negotiated with UAW (M)
Meanwhile, Wal-Mart is following a cautious, test-the-waters approach adopted in Japan by the world's other big supermarket chains.
As for fears that the sponsorship could commercialize Jazz at Lincoln Center, Mr. Gordon said, ''The building is not being named after Bank of America.''
On June 1, Merck announced the results of a more recent study, of 329 patients with colorectal cancer, at the American Society of Clinical Oncology's annual meeting in Chicago.
That would not matter so much if the three big-box retailers stayed in their geographic areas -- Staples in the Northeast, OfficeMax in the Midwest and Texas, Office Depot in the Southeast and California.
CHEVROLET -- Commercials that featured two actors who played annoying marketing executives for the Chevrolet division of General Motors were, well, annoying.
This month, Apple announced that the much-anticipated new version of its iMac consumer PC would be delayed into the fall, meaning that the new system would not be ready in time for the back-to-school shopping season.
IN the first campaign since consolidating its marketing efforts at the troubled Interpublic Group of Companies, Bank of America this week introduces a slogan more appropriate to the post-Enron, post-Andersen corporate world.
In a deal expected to be announced today, Pfizer would pay $60 billion in stock to buy Pharmacia.
Mr. Weill, known for being obsessed with his stock price, has been frustrated that Citigroup shares sell at a lower multiple of their earnings than other financial services companies like the American International Group.
In his order last March, Judge Coughenour denied Microsoft's request for a preliminary injunction in a 29-page order indicating that the little-known defendant had scored some points.
''It's a three-pronged attack on Norfolk Southern, and I think it'll be successful,'' said Thomas R. Angers, vice president of the Glenmede Trust Company in Philadelphia, which has 10,000 shares of Conrail.
Fierce competition with Airbus Industrie, the European consortium that is the only remaining maker of large commercial jets, means Boeing cannot raise prices even when demand is high.
Analysts and management experts say that the company and its board should have brought in outside experts to look into accusations made by James F. Bingham, a former Xerox assistant treasurer whose allegations and lawsuit for wrongful termination were reported in The Wall Street Journal on Tuesday.
But the Commercenet effort has lost momentum, and Microsoft has moved quickly to take over the effort to set standards for electronic commerce.
An AOL Unit Sues Microsoft, Saying Tactics Were Illegal
While that dispute was largely over the financial terms of a cable deal, Disney said it was also concerned that Time Warner, once merged with America Online, would take a similar gatekeeping role in an ever-expanding array of media.
Merck, whose internal drug development efforts have suffered setbacks lately, has become more aggressive in licensing experimental drugs from other companies.
For the music industry, the combination of America Online and Time Warner has struck a chord.
Comcast has become biggest provider of broadband Internet services, with 3.7 million subscribers, and it is expected to have five million Internet customers by end of year, tying with Earthlink as third-biggest Internet service of any kind after AOL and MSN; Internet service has also become profitable product for other major cable providers, but telephone are still losing money on every broadband subscription; Comcast faces challenge keeping up pace of growth because rivals are cutting prices and spending hundreds of millions of dollars to develop features not offered by Comcast, such as online music, video clips and advanced ways to fight e-mail spam and pop-up ads; Comcast says there is no evidence that people choose broadband service based on such features; photos; graph (M)
Kodak has cut 30,000 jobs over the last six years, and most analysts expect even more layoffs.
Lawyers at the Federal Trade Commission contend that Intel denied or threatened to deny information about its chips to three companies that use those chips in their own products -- Compaq Computer, Digital Equipment and Intergraph -- as a way of coercing them to license their innovations to Intel.
The slowdown, coupled with decreased efficiency as the company learns to make equipment for these new technologies, contributed to a decline in Applied Materials' gross margins, which fell to 40 percent, from 45 percent in the second quarter and 51 percent in the third quarter last year.
The drop is from Moody's third-highest level to its fourth.
The decision by AT&T follows moves in recent years by the other major long-distance carriers, Sprint and the MCI unit of WorldCom, to cut back on ''900'' line billing services.
And Yahoo, which has prided itself on financial discipline, is still unsure exactly how much it wants to pay for such a small business.
Financial turmoil intensifies at Interpublic Group of Cos over unexpected charges and reduced earnings and revenue; company delays release of its third-quarter report and analysis of Jan-Sept results; says it will create post of chief operating officer; chairman John J Dooner Jr and executive vice president Sean F Orr again sharply cut third-quarter earnings forecast; again sharply raise figure for noncash charges dating back to 1997, to $181.3 million, nearly triple initial estimate; photo (M)
He considered AT&T, but he said that he received no response to messages he left on its answering service.
Executives close to AT&T said this week that exploratory discussions were continuing with British Telecommunications about merging the business-services units of the two companies, though no deal was imminent.
Continuing with the Canadian project that is under legal attack by its archrival, A.T.& T., the MCI Communications Corporation said yesterday that it planned to offer a major data transmission service to large corporate customers in Canada.
Mr. Ganci said he recently paid $12 for a month's supply of three generic drugs at the Wal-Mart in Secaucus -- atenolol for a leaky heart valve and two blood pressure drugs, hydrochlorothiazide and lisinopril.
''Unfortunately, Boeing misread the membership on both those issues and wants to pile on more takeaways.''
When times were good, airlines ordered hundreds of planes and Boeing hired thousands of workers; when times were bad, orders collapsed and Boeing cut back.
For example, there is no pointing stick, the tiny red dot that once graced the center of most I.B.M.
''The board was telling the Europeans that if they hold in their objections to the deal, they will do egregious damage to Honeywell,'' the person said.
Three large insurance companies said yesterday that they objected to a reorganization plan announced earlier this month by the Cigna Corporation, another insurer, on grounds that the plan could create a Cigna subsidiary that might fail to meet its obligations and become a burden to other insurance companies.
The filing does not come to grips with the fact that Microsoft has been found to have repeatedly engaged in serious legal violations, and serious remedies are required.''
''They are worried about Comcast being able to run Disney and get the synergies out of it that they are promising,'' said Richard Greenfield, who follows Comcast and Disney for Fulcrum Global Partners, an independent research firm.
Merger of Chevron Corp and Texaco Inc will bring together a company with a reputation for aggressive innovation, Chevron, with one whose production and share price have fallen through a mix of bad management and bad luck; some observers say merging the two, very different corporate cultures will prove challenging; Chevron's chief executive, David J O'Reilly, will serve as head of new company, to be called Chevron Texaco, and Texaco chairman, Peter I Bijur, will be vice chairman; graph; map; photos (M)
Rattled by a year of disheartening earnings and faced with ebbing investor confidence, Newell Rubbermaid announced yesterday that John J. McDonough, the chief executive esteemed for his vision but criticized for failing to carry it out smoothly,  had resigned.
Oil companies, including Exxon Mobil, have argued that the lawsuits are unfair and that those directly responsible for spills should be held liable, not the makers of the product.
Merck's troubles -- Vioxx was found to carry an increased risk of heart attack and stroke -- were magnified because the company's stock is a component of the Dow industrial average.
Group of Princeton University computer researchers say that they found potentially serious computer flaw in Microsoft Corp's Internet Explorer 3.0 Web Browser; software, which has been available on Internet from Microsoft's World Wide Web site since Aug 13, has already been downloaded by 1.3 million computer users worldwide; Microsoft says that it is correcting the problem (L)
Motorola said that its General Systems segment, which includes its cellular phone business, suffered a 2 percent decline in sales to $2.6 billion because the growth in orders of handsets was too low to offset declining prices.
Regulators are examing whether American International Group has in recent years burnished its results by striking deals with offshore insurers that appear to be independent companies but may be affiliates of AIG; if companies are AIG's affiliates, transactions between them may not involve true transfer of risk and may run afoul of insurance accounting rules; companies under scrutiny are Richmond Insurance and Union Excess Reinsurance, reinsurers that, according to regulatory filings, do business solely with AIG; both are registered in Barbados, offshore tax haven that is loosely regulated; another offshore insurer that counts AIG as its only customer is Pillar Insurance, also of Barbados; regulators are trying to determine whether transactions between companies and AIG were intended to smooth AIG's earnings, shift some of its troubled assets offshore or circumvent capital requirements; AIG's chief financial officer Howard Smith and vice president Christian Milton are dismissed for refusing to cooperate with regulators investigating transaction between AIG and General Re (M)
''Three years ago, we didn't do a good job,'' Mr. Wren said, referring to the review that Omnicom lost to Interpublic, ''and we learned from that experience.''
In an interview after his presentation, Mr. Jobs said he had no concerns that the new competition might anger Microsoft or lead to retaliation, such as slowing the development of the version of Office for the Macintosh.
Verizon and SBC Communications have backed out of bidding for Worldcom Inc amid concerns that WorldCom's core long-distance businesses face continued difficulties; telecommunications experts say Verizon and SBC may have also been scared by WorldCom's accounting practices; some investors and analysts have worried that WorldCom has used aggressive accounting techniques in past, particularly in reporting revenue; WorldCom spokesman Brad Burns says company does not have accounting issues; shares have lost about 50 percent of their value since Jan 1, closing at $6.97, down $1.16; graph (Market Place column) (M)
For a few hours early yesterday, The Wall Street Journal's Web site heralded a scoop: The Microsoft Corporation, embroiled in an antitrust battle, might be forced by the Justice Department to make the programming code for its Internet Explorer Web browser available to customers and computer makers.
Faced with what she contends is sex discrimination because she was denied a promotion to managing director, Allison K. Schieffelin took her case against Morgan Stanley Dean Witter to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
But Yahoo executives dismissed reports that it was rapidly losing to Google in share of overall searches.
Alaska Airlines, which has grown over its 68-year history into nation's 10th-biggest carrier, has had only two prior fatal accidents, in 1971 and 1976, but has occasionally run afoul of federal authorities; paid $300,000 fine in 1985 for violating federal safety rules; FAA proposed $44,000 fine against airline in June 1999 for violating maintenance procedures; carrier's MD-83 jetliner crashed off California coast on January 31, apparently killing all aboard (M)
ING will also assume $2.7 billion of Aetna's long-term debt.
Some investors and analysts have accused CVS of undervaluing Caremark.
In an age when many advertisers seek attention by shocking consumers or by using drama, the straightforwardness of the Oracle ads is striking.
After a trying year in which Citigroup agreed to pay a $300 million fine to securities regulators and suffered a 25 percent drop in its stock price, Mr. Weill received no cash or stock on top of his $1 million salary.
But academic researchers interviewing Wal-Mart employees find frequent complaints about stress and overwork and little respect for personal needs.
Although the two investments hardly represent a groundswell for cable, which has been under pressure as investors fret over incursions from satellite, the deals -- particularly Berkshire Hathaway's -- sent Comcast's stock up $1.05, to $32.36, and Time Warner stock up 25 cents, to $18.10.
After the WPP Group acquires Young & Rubicam Inc., Interpublic will be the world's No.
Northrop Grumman's initial offer of $47 a share made in March was rejected by TRW.
Ms. Reith said the stores would incorporate lessons that Nike learned about women's retailing during a recent redesign of the women's section of the Niketown in Chicago: put some of the shoes on tabletops; do not organize them by rigid sports categories; display them close to matching apparel.
After the stream of bad news from financial companies in recent weeks, analysts seemed to take Citigroup's announcement in stride, as did the market: shares of Citigroup rose 75 cents, to $32.50.
On Aug. 31, after Interpublic agencies lost the large Bank of America account, Standard & Poor's said it would keep its outlook at negative for the Interpublic long-term credit rating, which is BB-.
W. Mark Lanier, the lawyer, said that Merck's deceptive marketing to doctors and consumers had caused Robert C. Ernst to take Vioxx, a painkiller and arthritis drug, leading to his death at age 59 in May 2001.
Mr. Murdoch's offer comes as the newspaper industry is under financial pressure and many newspaper stocks, including Dow Jones's, have been in a prolonged slump.
American Home, however, has fewer financial resources than Pfizer and may have some liabilities still to come from its problems with the fen-phen diet drug.
''It's not unusual for terminated associates at Wal-Mart or anywhere else to claim that they were fired for reasons other than the real misconduct.''
Comcast's $44.5 billion hostile bid in July put AT&T Broadband into play, and now has put the business into the Roberts's hands, turning Comcast into the nation's No.
Sales in October -- the last full month of data available -- were grim: Gap was down 17 percent from a year earlier, Limited was off 6 percent, and Abercrombie was down 20 percent.
Arthur Andersen, which the complaint contends played a central role in allowing the accounting fraud to continue, paid a $7 million fine last year and accepted an injunction against future misdeeds as part of a settlement of its role in the Waste Management case.
decided to go it alone with OS/2, and the antagonism Mr. Norris described today resulted largely from I.B.M.
So far, Microsoft has failed the test.
A former Goldman Sachs secretary in London was found guilty yesterday of embezzling at least $7 million from her bosses in an elaborate fraud in which she secretly wired blocks of money to bank accounts in Cyprus.
''And the failure of the campaign is that Apple does not have stores in all 100 of the nation's metropolitan areas.''
Carl Pope, the executive director of the Sierra Club, said in a statement that ''this report takes a giant step in the wrong direction for Ford Motor Company, for American consumers and for the environment.''
Some lawsuits contend that Microsoft's grading systems are discriminatory.
Jones Apparel Group cuts its full-year profit forecast, largely because of loss of Lauren sportswear license, which it gave back to Polo Ralph Lauren; plans bid for bankrupt Kasper ASL (M)
Earlier, in the regular session, Motorola had managed to avoid the selloff that afflicted other technology stocks, rising 25 cents, to $55.875.
New York State Comptroller H Carl McCall, who is running for governor, confronts questions about arrest of his 37-year-old daughter, Marcella, on charges of larceny and issuing bad checks; Verizon employee is accused of using corporate credit cards for nonbusiness purposes and writing almost $100,000 in bad checks (S)
Judge Judge Gladys Kessler, who is overseeing federal government's lawsuit against tobacco industry, levies fine of $2.75 million against Philip Morris USA and its parent company, Altria Group, for destroying more than two years' worth of e-mail messages related to case (M)
European crisis for Coca-Cola Co begins to ease in France, but 15-nation European Union announces plans to carry out health inspections of its own plants in Belgium and France that had produced soft drinks blamed for outbreaks of illness early this month (M)
William Grimes Just Browsing column on online movie-rental companies; Netflix, Wal-Mart and GreenCine allow customers to pay flat monthly fee to rent unlimited number of DVDs with no late fees but limit number of movies out at one time; drawings; list (M)
Priceline's WebHouse Club Abandoned as Investors Balk
The arrest last week of a Russian programmer accused of violating an American digital copyright law has stirred an  opposition, both against the law itself and Adobe Systems, the software company that initiated the case against the programmer.
''The government will say that Microsoft's monopoly is imposing a significant social cost while this case is on appeal and no remedies are in place,'' said Herbert Hovenkamp, a professor at the University of Iowa law school.
The deal, announced in March, has been delayed and renegotiated because of Hurricane Katrina; Capital One now plans to pay about $5 billion, 9 percent less than the original price, and to close by the end of the year.
Whether friction had developed between the cable companies and the News Corporation was not clear yesterday.
Mr. Cantalupo also steered McDonald's through the mad cow disease scare late last year.
Perhaps not surprisingly, Amazon does.
''So I will have no choice but to leave negative feedback for you on eBay.''
In the meantime, the scandal could cause some individual investors to think twice about investing in Bank of America's funds.
Microsoft's own message program, by contrast, encrypts messages, so that no one can create backdoor links its system, as it has done to America Online's.
I.B.M., the world's largest computer company, with $86 billion in revenues last year, spans so many product categories and geographic markets that its performance is inevitably linked to the economy -- and the outlook for the economy this year is uncertain.
has told analysts it does not want News Corporation stock, or at least wants part cash and part stock, largely because News Corporation stock, tied as it is to the entertainment industry, is viewed as particularly risky.
Steven P. Jobs, Apple Computer's chief executive, concluded a much-anticipated company event on Tuesday with his usual tease, noting that he had ''one last thing'' to introduce.
The allegations in the Commission's complaint against Morgan Stanley are extremely serious.
That would be done largely at the insistence of Mr. Spitzer, who took the lead in investigating Aon last spring as he began investigations that have since shaken the insurance industry.
The AT&T unit that serves business customers also suffered.
Microsoft Corp says co-founder Paul G Allen and former Hewlett-Packard executive Richard Hackborne are resigning from the board (S)
The last network to rely on made-for television movies on Sunday nights, CBS is expected to drop that two-hour block in favor of dramas.
Settlement of the charges also reflects efforts by the chief executive of Boeing, W. James McNerney Jr., who was hired last year after the two previous Boeing chief executives resigned under fire.
Boeing Co, which seemed in danger of being flattened by Airbus juggernaut, has stormed back into contention as two aircraft manufacturers display their most recent models at Paris Air Show; Boeing's new midsize plane, 787, is selling briskly, while Airbus has been dogged by production problems with A380 and questions about how it will finance its next new planes, particularly A350, which is intended to go head-to-head with 787; reversal of fortune comes just as European Union is fighting mammoth trade suit brought by US on aircraft subsidies; graph; photo (M)
But Scott Cleland, an industry analyst with the Precursor Group, argued that Verizon would be foolish to buy AT&T or MCI.
For Nike Inc., consumers like Ms. Blatt are at the core of a new organizational, product and marketing strategy aimed at finding ways to capture the women's sports market after years of failures.
Since American Express began surveying fares, the highest year-to-year increase came in 1993, a 22 percent surge over 1992, following a recession and a fare-restructuring trial by carriers.
Investors had bid up Boeing shares in recent months in the belief that the company was on the road to recovery after posting its first annual loss in 50 years in 1997.
The latest embarrassment stemmed from reports last week of a falling out with Primeco Personal Communications L.P., which has a $500 million contract with Motorola to help build a nationwide digital wireless phone system.
By requiring Microsoft to offer Java that is compatible with Sun's standards, the California court order is likely to make it more difficult for Microsoft to use its dominance of personal computing software to bend Java in its direction.
A majority of the seven judges sharply questioned the central findings of Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson last year that Microsoft had violated the Sherman Antitrust Act by trying to leverage its existing monopoly in the operating system market to gain control of new areas.
Lawsuit against Michael Burns, global account director for General Mills at agency's flagship New York office, threatens to generate turmoil that disrupted operations decade ago; lawsuit seeks at least $3 million in damages against Burns, whose final day of employment is March 15, on grounds that include breach of fiduciary duty; lawsuit also requests injunction against Burns from working General Mills advertising assignments; latter request is relevant because 17 people who had worked under Burns on General Mills account resigned en masse three days after agency announced his unexpected resignation; 17 employees joined competitor Interpublic Group of Companies last week, working at new Interpublic agency on assignments related to products for families and children (M)
Nevertheless, Mr. Abramson said, the deal would combine Con Edison, which has had steady and strong earnings and has been paying a steady dividend, with a utility that has had large losses in recent years and had to suspend its dividend four years ago because of financial pressures caused by problems with its nuclear plants.
Union Pacific's problems began in late summer in the former Southern Pacific switching yards in Houston and radiated from there throughout the Union Pacific system, which extends from Chicago to California.
While stocks of General Motors and Ford Motor are falling almost in tandem, risks seen in two American automakers are divergent; Ford is worried about its auto business; GM is worried about much besides its auto business; Ford reports $326 million loss for quarter and long-term ratings of both companies are put on credit watch with negative implications by Standard & Poor's; Ford's operating profit was $220 million in contrast to loss of $502 million year earlier; GM's problems lie beyond its core business, principally in soaring obligations required to finance its huge pension fund; other difficulties include selling its stake in Hughes Electronics and its investment in struggling Italian conglomerate Fiat SpA; Ford chairman William Clay Ford Jr comments; photo (M)
Analysis of Federal Trade Commission's antitrust suit against Intel Corp; says odd feature of complaint is that it accuses Intel of victimizing putative rivals that are also customers; holds in separate instances involving Intergraph Corp, Compaq Computer and Digital Equipment Corp, Intel Corp is accused of withhholding technical data about its processors from companies that were designing computers around Intel chips; says what will make Government's case difficult is that only one of those companies--Digital--ever seriously competed with Intel; adds information that Intel freely acknowledges it withheld from those companies may have had no direct bearing on competition in chip industry (M)
European Commission gives clearance to General Electric to buy business loans division of ABB Ltd, which employs of 500 people in 11 countries, for $2.3 billion; Swiss industrial giant ABB is reducing its debt (S)
Standard & Poor's lowers Ford Motor Co's debt to its lowest investment grade rating, reflecting skepticism about company's turnaround plan and gloomy view of domestic auto industry; graph (M)
DAVID BOIES -- Have you ever had discussions within Microsoft about the desirability of trying to undermine Sun because of what Sun was doing in Java?
But with the consortium planning to ship gas in 2008, Exxon Mobil officials have complained that Japan has not taken steps toward building a 930-mile undersea pipeline from Sakhalin to Japan.
Microsoft has denied accusations by rivals and critics that Windows XP, by integrating many different computer applications, presents even more antitrust problems than the earlier versions of the operating system that were at issue in the lawsuit.
Morgan Stanley had arranged to buy $2.3 billion in commercial paper, or short-term debt from Lucent, which it planned to swap for new shares of Agere.
Privacy groups in the United States and Europe called on government agencies yesterday to investigate Amazon.com, saying the Internet retailer had violated laws on both sides of the Atlantic when it changed its privacy policy last summer.
The four insurance brokers that have been issued subpoenas -- Marsh Inc., Willis Group Holdings, Aon and a smaller company, Kaye Insurance Associates in New York -- refuse to discuss the details of the investigations and, in a departure from its earlier investigations, Mr. Spitzer's office has refused to comment on the investigations or to confirm that it has issued subpoenas.
A federal appeals court in Washington yesterday overturned the government's approval of a generic version of Taxol, a widely used cancer drug made by Bristol-Myers Squibb.
If Windstream shares perform poorly and Embarq continues to decline, ''it's all bad news for Verizon because they are late to the party,'' he said.
The problem with the strategy is that so far Intel is trailing A.M.D., I.B.M.
But those expectations are much diminished in the wake of production turmoil that began two years ago at Boeing's flagship passenger jet division.
Apple has gone to the trouble of writing its own DVD-burning software expressly for the Pioneer drive, which it calls the SuperDrive.
Robert Breed, a former broker at First United Equities, and Jennifer D'Antoni, a former Duke & Company broker, both pleaded guilty to charges brought by the Manhattan District Attorney, Robert M. Morgenthau.
The move allowed Coca-Cola to rid its balance sheet of the expensive bottling plants and their debt.
Financial Turmoil Intensifies at Interpublic Group
SAN FRANCISCO, March 29 -- A federal district judge in San Jose, Calif., Patricia Trumbull, quashed on Wednesday an attempt by Microsoft to force Sun Microsystems and the Oracle Corporation to provide documents in its battle with the European Commission.
Legg Mason Funds Feel Some of the Pain
Citigroup's bond was forged in 1986, when it helped the company fend off Irwin Jacobs, an aggressive Minnesota investor who was accumulating a big stake in Enron stock.
Blaming both external economic factors and its own business miscalculations, Apple projected that revenue for its first fiscal quarter, ending Dec. 30, would be around $1 billion.
''As he came into power Intel tried to become a more aggressive marketing company,'' he said.
''What happens is, as eBay plugs one problem, others come in and fill their spot,'' Mr. Wingo of ChannelAdvisor said.
Court filings and transcripts hint at one reason Kirkland & Ellis and Morgan Stanley may have decided to part ways: an embarrassing mess over providing documents.
Analysts were full of suggestions yesterday as to where Kodak should consolidate and prune its businesses, regardless of the outcome of the battle with Fuji.
Merck, which has said it withdrew the drug as soon as it had conclusive evidence of unacceptable risk, declined to discuss its defense strategy.
In the Jinro case, the court was at pains to allay fears that its ruling amounted to a takeover of the company by Goldman Sachs.
Microsoft said yesterday that it was correcting the problem.
Carnival raised its hostile bid for P & O Princess last week, apparently hoping to block Royal Caribbean from vaulting past Carnival into first place in the industry by acquiring P & O Princess.
Consumers can go to the company's Web site (www.priceline.com) to bid on blocks of long-distance time.
Medtronic believes the early data supports a claim that patients can lose 35 percent of excess weight.
Microsoft had opposed the government's request for immediate Supreme Court review, saying it ''would impose an extraordinary burden on the court'' and that there was no reason to depart from the normal procedure of using the appeals court to narrow the complex legal issues and voluminous trial record.
market paying price for valuing new-economy hope over profits** Since September, boom in high-tech stocks has turned into deepest bear market for technology stocks in generation, as investors worry about prospects for continued growth; Intel is down 58 percent from its high, Cisco Systems has fallen 55 percent and Lucent Technologies has dropped 80 percent; on Dec 20, stocks skid again, with Nasdaq composite index falling 178.93 points, to 2,332.78, and Dow Jones industrial average losing 265.44 points, to 10,318.93; nation's roaring economy hardly noticed last spring, when dot.com bubble burst; broad crash in tech stocks this fall is sweeping over more investors and bigger companies by far, erasing more than $3 trillion in stock market value; analysts, economists and business executives now worry that binge may take years to cure; graph (M)
Federal Communications Commission says rules allowing consumers to keep cellphone numbers when switching carriers had weaker impact on industry than expected; says new rules increased competition among carriers; says more than two million numbers have been transferred since last November, far fewer than 12 million some industry analysts had predicted; company reports show AT&T Wireless had most defections by customers in first quarter, while Verizon Wireless had fewest (S)
The calculator is labeled Progressive Direct: Insurance Damage Estimates.
Excite@Home sought to put pressure on its cable partners, like Comcast and AT&T, to pay more for its service, arguing that they were underestimating the difficulty and expense of operating an Internet network.
Brazil's largest beverage company, Companhia de Bebidas das Americas, or AmBev, takes legal action in Rio de Janeiro court against Coca-Cola Co, accusing company of unfair practices; AmBev, combination of Brazil's two largest beverage concerns under deal announced last year, says Coke unfairly sought to influence Brazilian public against merger; AmBev's competitors, including Companhia Cervejarias Kaiser brewery, in which Coke owns minority stake, have raised concerns about size of proposed merger; Kaiser says it will counter AmBev's complaint with its own legal action (S)
In an early morning raid yesterday, the Spanish authorities seized documents from the offices of Coca-Cola and its bottlers, investigating complaints that the companies had used illegal business tactics to keep rival soft drinks off the country's shelves.
Competing with Wal-Mart is less of a worry for drugstore chains, he said, because insurance co-payments are equal wherever a prescription is filled.
The dispute among AES and the foreign concerns that are CANTV's largest shareholders, Verizon and Telefnica of Spain, is one of Latin America's most publicized takeover battles.
It is not clear whether General Motors' management favors a merger or a spinoff.
business school dean insisted that the Government had not shown any current harm to consumers from Microsoft's decision to fold browsing software into its operating system and to give the browser away.
''Boeing was a down stock on Tuesday in a weak market,'' said Sam Pearlstein, a research analyst with ING Barings.
Bank of America, the country's largest consumer bank, said yesterday that fourth-quarter earnings fell 2 percent, its first quarterly decline in more than four years, after a surge in personal bankruptcies and poor trading results damped its performance.
As for the retirees who were billed for an ''overstated amount,'' Halliburton said in a letter to them that there was an administrative error uncovered in an audit.
Microsoft Corp files court papers that call Government's sweeping antitrust case against it 'completely groundless' and offer glimpse of legal strategy it will pursue; Government informs Microsoft that it wants to take videotape deposition from William H Gates, chairman-co-founder; Microsoft says its own trial preparation is being hindered by reluctant competitor, Novell Inc (M)
Microsoft's brief explained that the changes were necessary because the government proposal ''is vague and ambiguous in numerous respects,'' littered with ''many flaws.''
Microsoft said future operating systems would not trust such documents.
Verizon Communications Inc. withdrew its application to offer long-distance communications services in Massachusetts yesterday, fearful that the petition would be rejected by federal regulators.
Medtronic Will Settle Accusations On Kickbacks
Correction:  February 7, 2007, Wednesday  An article in Business Day yesterday about a decision by Microsoft not to intervene on behalf of a Russian school principal charged with software piracy misstated the name of a trade organization that has monitored the use of illicit software.
Waste Management also said that it would centralize much of its $3 billion in annual purchasing and would overhaul its strategy for managing its 23,000 vehicles.
On Tuesday, Mr. Smith filed a formal complaint with the Federal Trade Commission in which he said that his examination of the operation of the Alexa software had disclosed that it was able to gather far more personal data about consumers than Amazon tells customers it is collecting.
The bulk of Seagate's Mirra came as a surprise: it holds just 160 gigabytes, yet could be mistaken for a desktop PC.
But they said many others would pay the higher commissions because Morgan Stanley will now offer them an enriched selection of its stock research and more access to initial public offerings of issues underwritten by its blue-chip investment bank.
About the same time, A.T.& T., which has been running newspaper ads attacking MCI's reliability, announced that some 10,000 small-business customers recently converted their combined $140 million of "800" service to A.T.& T.
On April 1, the day Xerox said that it would restate its financial results and pay the S.E.C.
That was a none-too-subtle dig at a WPP competitor, the Interpublic Group of Companies, which has racked up large losses after acquiring such properties in Europe.
Two top-ranking executives of the insurance brokerage unit at Marsh & McLennan Company and the company's general counsel were forced out yesterday as Marsh took another step in reorganizing after being accused of cheating customers through bid-rigging and price-fixing.
The problem was that after a promotional campaign was botched in early 2000, the two sides reached a settlement that called for Amazon to pay $600,000 to Ashford.
The American Express initiative, called the Guaranteed Restaurant Reservations Program, allows restaurants to impose a penalty of $60 to $300 on diners who make a reservation for a party of six or more and then fail to cancel the reservation by a specified time, or, Heaven forbid, do not show up at all.
In a move that is critical to the company's strategy, the new chip is an extension of the so-called x86 architecture that is used in Intel's Pentium family and in Advanced Micro's own Athlon; unlike the Itanium, it is not an entirely new design.
It loses its exclusive distribution rights to Kodak copiers.
He also said he did not think the ads would offend Microsoft, a company that has a relatively fragile relationship with Apple.
AMF Bowling, the troubled bowling alley operator controlled by the Goldman Sachs Group, said yesterday that it would seek to transfer its stock to the over-the-counter bulletin board.
Progressive actually began making slight adjustments to liability rates by vehicle model in the 1980's, and it has been moving to much larger adjustments over the last two years as the range of family vehicles on the road has widened.
With a marketing blitz led by Bill Gates, the Microsoft Corporation begins its assault this week on the lucrative business of industrial-strength corporate computing.
This year, Starbucks expects its sales per store to drop by 6 percent, to about $1.3 million.
The government accused Mr. Censullo in December of altering handwritten notes about prices and market conditions and hiding other evidence accumulated in weekly teleconferences with Micron sales executives.
In a telephone interview this evening, Jean Claude Gassee, chief executive of Be, said, ''In November, a Compaq executive called me, rather embarrassed, to say that someone had inadvertantly leaked some information from us to a company in Redmond,'' the Seattle suburb where Microsoft has its headquarters.
''We have moved to simplify our licensing and removed a confusing array of upgrade options,'' said Rebecca LaBrunerie, program manager for worldwide licensing and pricing at Microsoft.
The cause was apparently a heart attack, according to an announcement from the McDonald's Corporation, where Mr. Cantalupo had been at the helm for 16 months.
Nevertheless, Mr. Greenberg took the opportunity in a conference call yesterday with analysts and investors to say that the insurance industry was joining forces with President Bush in his campaign against what Mr. Bush says is a plague of abusive liability lawsuits.
Fallout From Scandal Claims Two Top Lawyers at Morgan Stanley
Comcast would have little difficulty in financing a deal.
The recall, which affects less than 1 percent of Coke's global sales, is another public blow for Coca-Cola, which last year sold $18.8 billion worth of soft drinks around the world but has been struggling with declining volume in many regions.
The prospects for hybrid electric vehicles were bolstered Monday when General Motors and DaimlerChrysler, two automakers long skeptical about hybrids, said they would develop them by working together.
Dow Chemical Co sues General Electric Co, accusing it of 'systematically and aggressively' hiring Dow employees privy to trade secrets, latest in series of moves by American companies to prevent important officials from going to work for competitors; lawsuit filed in state court in Pontiac, Detroit suburb, accuses General Electric of hiring 14 engineers and sales executives from Dow's plastics division over last two years and putting them to work at similar tasks; Michigan Circuit Court Chief Judge Edward Sosnick immediately grants temporary restraining order barring General Electric from using any trade secrets that it might have obtained from former Dow employees; restraining order also requires General Electric to return any Dow documents that it may have (L)
Just when Microsoft's antitrust woes seemed over, it is facing a tough inquiry from European regulators.
When SBC absorbed AT&T in November, Mr. Whitacre turned once again to BellSouth because, among other reasons, the two companies were having trouble managing Cingular.
The Ford Motor Company reaffirmed its concerns about global warming today, but said that it did not support stiffer federal fuel-economy standards or the international Kyoto Protocol on greenhouse gas emissions as ways to address the problem.
Microsoft agreed last week to pay $440 million to the InterTrust Technologies Corporation to settle a three-year-old patent infringement lawsuit.
In addition to the reorganization, Waste Management adopted a plan to centralize much of its $3 billion in annual purchasing and would overhaul its strategy for managing its 23,000 vehicles.
While the stock market yesterday seemed hesitant to conclude that the judge's decision was particuarly bad for Microsoft, it was willing to bid up the prices of some Microsoft rivals that might fare better if a court order either broke up Microsoft or restrained what Judge Jackson called the company's use of its ''prodigious market power and immense profits to harm any firm that insists on pursuing initiatives that could intensify competition against one of Microsoft's core products.''
''There's a question, and a very valid question, that investors are asking about whether our investments will pay off,'' said Sallie L. Krawcheck, Citigroup's chief financial officer.
The AT&T Corporation reported a fourth-quarter loss of $2.68 billion yesterday, reflecting $6.25 billion in previously announced write-offs associated with a planned reorganization and efforts to cut 40,000 people from the company's payroll.
Analysis of labor-management relations of United Auto Workers and Big Three auto manufacturers in light of strike at General Motors Corp; says GM, in its 16th strike in last five years, has publicly lashed out at union; by contrast, Ford Motor Co has not had strike in 12 years and its executives play golf with UAW leaders; Chrysler Corp's approach lies somewhere in between, with prolonged periods of calm interrupted by occasional strikes that are usually settled behind closed doors with little public acrimony (M)
Intel said it would continue to work with consumer groups to allay fears about the new chip.
Assuming that the average disc Netflix sends out contains 8 gigabytes, that one company alone may be mailing out about 1,500 trillion bytes, or terabytes, each day.
Although VeriSign's monopoly on the registration of domain names was opened to competition more than a year ago, critics have charged that the company's continued control over the database that stores those names gives it an unfair edge.
Ford Motor Co executives approve early-retirement program for up to 10 percent of its white-collar employees in US, or 4,600 workers; begin reviewing possible delay of some planned vehicle models, which would lower company's design and engineering costs; have even started considering whether to shut down assembly plant (M)
Mr. Bell, 44, who has colorectal cancer, took the chief executive post in April after the death of James R. Cantalupo, who suffered a heart attack while at a McDonald's convention on April 19.
''Whenever you license technology to Microsoft, you have to understand it can someday build it itself, drop it into the operating system and put you out of that business,'' Mr. Colbeth said.
''I'm kind of burned out on scandal books,'' said Laurence J. Kirshbaum, the chairman of Time Warner Trade publishing and chief executive of Warner Books.
Federal Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson orders Microsoft Corp to give Justice Dept reams of new evidence that Government lawyers say will bolster their antitrust case against Microsoft; Microsoft's lawyers argued that new evidence, intended to demonstrate that Microsoft pressured and bullied Intel Corp, Apple Computer and Real Networks Corp, should not be a part of case since it was not specifically mentioned in original lawsuits filed by Justice Dept and 20 states on May 18 (M)
Although a timetable for sale of the $400 million was unclear today, Mr. Corzine denied that his Goldman Sachs holdings would influence his work as a senator.
But in an interview a week later, Mark Hull, a senior producer for Yahoo communications services, said that he also wanted to be careful not to delete information simply because some vocal organizations found it upsetting.
Sun Microsystems Inc introduces Javastation, so-called network computer that will be marketed as low-cost alternative to personal computer; Javastation is priced at $742, or $995 with computer keyboard, mouse and color monitor included; Oracle Corp is expected to announce its network computer products later this week, and IBM announced its network computer last month; Sun, Oracle, IBM and others have agreed to technical standards that allow their machines to run on various chips and operating systems; they view network computer as means to loosen lucrative grip of Microsoft and Intel, which dominate personal computer field; Microsoft and Intel first attacked idea of network computer as throwback to mainframe era, and then announced they would develop their own specifications for network computers closer to conventional PC's (M)
The threat to this union comes from Pfizer, which wants to buy Warner-Lambert and is willing to pay more than American Home is offering.
Recent announcements of data breaches by UCLA (800,000 records), and Aetna (130,000) moved total to threshold, when Boeing Co reveals that laptop recently stolen from employee's car contained names, Social Security numbers and other data on 382,000 current and former employees, bringing total to 100,152,801 records; there was no question about motive and quarry in incident involving University of California, Los Angeles; hacker, or hackers, have been entering restricted database for over year before beach was discovered; educational institutions have particularly acute problem when it comes to nation's leaky data issue; study by Public Policy Institute for AARP last July, using data compiled by Identity Theft Resource Center, determined that of 90 million records reportedly compromised in various breaches between Jan 1, 2005, and May 26, 2006, 43 percent were at educational institutions; University of Colorado at Boulder announces that names and Social Security numbers of 17,500 former students may have been exposed in attack on server; drawing (L)
Hostilities continued yesterday in the bitter debate about whether Microsoft should be able to link into America Online's popular instant message system, with Microsoft rebuffing America Online's invitation to discuss a possible deal.
Boston Scientific had responded with claims that Medinol's violations of their contract had cost it hundreds of millions of dollars.
The Verizon deal was a long and tough one, according to Ms. Nason and Ms. Harless.
For all the criticisms, the Airbus announcement puts the company back into the game against Boeing.
Matthew Lee, the executive director of the Inner City Public Interest Law Center in the Bronx, praised the settlement, but said that his group would continue to oppose Citigroup's planned merger with EAB Bank because of what he said was Citigroup's failure to serve poor communities.
''We believe this will be one of the largest pieces of litigation in U.S. history,'' said D. Bruce Sewell, Intel's chief counsel, given the scope and the number of documents and witnesses involved.
Given the potential leverage of a Yahoo-style case on multinational Internet companies, experts say that Judge Gomez has created a powerful tool for the suppression of online speech that a recipient nation finds offensive or dangerous.
The $27 million campaign, paid for with settlement money from a lawsuit against the Ford Motor Company, starts this week and is aimed at informing young men in particular about the rollover risks of sport utility vehicles.
Microsoft may have abandoned DOS, but not everyone has.
And this season, Wal-Mart has made several, alienating shoppers with designer-inspired clothing and disruptive store remodeling.
The Kellogg Company, seeking to break out of a prolonged slump, said yesterday that it might close part of a plant in its hometown of Battle Creek, Mich., and dismiss as many as 700 of the 1,100 workers there.
This time, however, Microsoft insists that ''the techniques we've developed are significantly different than the claims for prior art of which we're aware,'' said Dick Brass, a Microsoft vice president for technology development who is leading the company's electronic-book development.
Federal Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson orders that Government's pretrial questioning of William H Gates and other executives of Microsoft Corp must be opened up to news organizations; court ruling giving press and public access to depositions in major antitrust case is somewhat unusual, but it is not unprecedented; deposition from Gates had been scheduled to begin Aug 12, but it is postponed temporarily as company's lawyers decide whether to appeal Jackson's order (M)
Mr. Monti also accused General Electric of ''misinforming the public'' after Harry C. Stonecipher, the vice chairman of Boeing, told the French newspaper Le Monde that opposition from Airbus Industrie was the reason European antitrust regulators at the European Commission were opposing the Honeywell deal.
But the Intel executives had not made any significant concessions, in the view of Government officials, and had insisted that all their business practices were lawful.
Some antitrust experts say the Lessig filing may give Judge Jackson the legal blueprint he needs for concluding that Microsoft did violate tying law.
Under European antitrust rules, regulators were threatening to fine Microsoft up to 2 million euros a day if it failed to comply with the ruling.
The dispute has also put Citigroup on the spot.
The Coca-Cola Company said yesterday that its earnings rose 7 percent in the fourth quarter, falling just shy of Wall Street estimates despite stronger-than-expected growth in soft-drink sales.
According to people close to both News Corporation and to the Bancroft family, there are no immediate plans for the meeting, but one family member said it would be ''sooner rather than later.''
Shareholders of CA Nacional Telefonos de Venezuela approve share buyback and dividend in latest chapter of takeover battle involving American companies AES Corp and Verizon Communications; shareholders agree to management's plan to repurchase 15 percent of company's stock at $30 each; also agree to dividend of about $550 million; approval of moves increases pressure on AES, one of company's largest minority shareholders; dispute among AES and foreign concerns that are company's largest shareholders, Verizon and Telefonica of Spain, is one of Latin America's most publicized takeover battles (M)
''It's no surprise that Microsoft is looking for other acquisitions in the business software applications industry.
SEC files civil fraud complaint against KPMG, alleging that firm knew for years that Xerox was improperly inflating its profits and helped it do so; suit also names four KPMG partners: Michael A Conway, one of its most senior offficials and former chairman of accounting industry group that was in charge of assuring that firms did quality work, Anthony P Dolanski, Ronald A Safran and Joseph T Boyle; seeks fines and injunctions against further violation of securities law; firm says suit is unjustified (M)
But many franchisees say that ownership of a McDonald's restaurant is no longer the reliable cash cow it once was.
As the Supreme Court prepares to say whether it will take the Microsoft antitrust case, the public relations war is accelerating.
could have had an additional 2 percent in revenues -- nearly $436 million -- had it been able to build all of the electronic components it needed to meet demand from its own hardware groups and its fast-growing business supplying other equipment manufacturers, according to John R. Joyce, I.B.M.
The Government and states contend that Microsoft proposed a collusion pact, which was rejected by Netscape, during two meetings in June 1995.
Apple Computer introduces updated version of its iMac home computer with minimalist all-in-one system that hides computer's internal components inside flat-panel LCD display, Apple Expo, Paris; prices for new iMac line will start at $1,299 for 17-inch model; slightly thicker 20-inch model will cost $1,899; photo (M)
ChevronTexaco also says that the state oil company PetroEcuador was the lead investor in all Texaco Petroleum's operations in the area and insists that PetroEcuador has carried out environmentally unsound practices -- including poor spill prevention and inadequate maintenance -- for more than 10 years, since taking over operation of the fields.
Microsoft officials were surprised and upset by the decision to close the record today.
Wal-Mart and Target were insignificant players.
Procter & Gamble Co, troubled by rising costs, management turmoil and credibility problems on Wall Street, reports fourth-quarter results that are in line with lowered forecasts; company also advised that earnings growth in first half of its new fiscal year would be sluggish; reports fourth-quarter earnings of $516 million, compared with year-earlier $414 million; excluding an after-tax reorganization charge of $261 million, company earned $777 million, down 3 percent from year-earlier $799 million (M)
Fashionmall.com acquires remaining units of bankrupt Boo.com, fashion Web retailer; deal opens new chapter in troubled life of Boo.com, which was originally backed by French luxury-goods magnate Bernard Arnault, Benetton family of Italy, J P Morgan and Goldman Sachs, among others (M)
''Microsoft is doing what in the army is called 'dumb obedience,' '' said Andrew Schulman, author of ''Unauthorized Windows 95,'' a guide to the programming features of Windows.
In proceedings in state court in West Palm Beach, Fla., both lawyer and client asserted that a serious conflict of interest had arisen, and Morgan Stanley told the law firm to expect a civil malpractice lawsuit.
Lawsuit filed on behalf of millions of women who purchased Nine West shoes at largest department stores, contends Nine West conspired with stores to illegally fix prices; lawsuit states that since 1988, Nine West executives have met with managers of department stores to agree on prices they could charge for company's 12 brands of shoes; department stores named in lawsuit include Federated Department Stores Inc, which owns Macy's, Bloomingdale's and Bon Marche, May Department Stores Co, which owns Lord & Taylor, Dayton Hudson Corp, which owns Marshall Fields, Dillard's Inc and Nordstrom Inc (M)
Doctors fear the behemoth will harden Aetna's already aggressive assault on tests and procedures it deems excessive, and some consumer advocates worry that an enlarged Aetna will bully patients.
Representatives at General Mills did not comment on Senator's Harkin's criticisms.
BOEING SAYS IT WILL CUT ABOUT 4,000 MORE JOBS
He has reduced that list to two chief demands: increasing a planned buyback of Time Warner stock and committing to additional cost cuts, according to two people briefed on the talks.
When Microsoft originally introduced the Xbox it had argued that a built-in hard disk would offer a performance advantage over machines made by Sony, which use DVD's, and Nintendo, which use read-only-memory cartridges.
For the current year, Amazon picked a new goal that moves it closer to sustained profitability but nonetheless is not a conventional profit.
General Motors Corp announces deep discounts on wide range of models, especially pickup trucks and full-size sport utility vehicles; new discounts come six days after Ward's Automotive Reports forecast that May would be weakest month in more than two years in seasonally adjusted annual rate of auto sales (M)
''Microsoft has been held accountable for its illegal conduct by a court of law,'' the attorney general said.
Wal-Mart chief executive H Lee Scott Jr changes tone in speaking at second annual media conference; last year's defiance toward critics is replaced with list of changes Wal-Mart can make to improve; reflects changes under way at nation's largest retailer; message of transformation reflects pressure from union-backed groups, which have helped turn company into social, political and economic issue for nation (M)
He suggested that Mr. Shapiro had underestimated the cost of that process to Microsoft, and pointed out that the witness already knew of efforts under way to make Office run on Linux without Microsoft's aid.
The lawsuit, filed in June 2005, claims that Intel forced major customers into exclusive deals and offered secret rebates to undercut A.M.D.
An AT&T-Comcast alliance would combine the No.
Arnold Weinstock, who for 30 years dominated Britain's electrical and electronics industries with his giant General Electric Company, only to be ousted by critics who then virtually bankrupted company, dies at 77; photo (M)
Citibank and Bank of America said that they had found no evidence of collusion with Mr. Rusnak.
Exxon suspended operations in early March at three gas fields it runs in Aceh after armed attacks against employees commuting to the site.
Inventory of the console has been essentially exhausted in North America, and Microsoft says it is getting consoles to retailers as quickly as it can produce them.
Before this year, Boeing had already laid off 30,000 workers because of the slump in business after the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001.
But she added, "I'm concerned about AT&T's ferocious attack because I think the basic framework is sound."
Earlier this year Apple began proposing a new pricing arrangement based on a sliding scale, which would force clone makers to pay a licensing royalty of more than $500 a machine for the operating system software in the case of the fastest Power PC chips.
The company recently reported a 92 percent decline in earnings, blaming the Intel-led pricing war.
The Microsoft Research team has worked extensively with the managers of Microsoft's Spaces blog-hosting service to detect and identify search-engine spam, Mr. Wang said.
The settlement put off until July 15 a deadline for Time Warner Cable and Disney, which owns ABC, to come to terms on how much the cable company will pay Disney for use of three of its cable channels.
Citigroup has previously maintained that it was not responsible for Enron's attempts to hide its debts because Enron did not tell its bankers that it planned to hide the obligations.
Commerce Department releases trade statistics showing that American economy is taking bigger knock from Asia's financial crisis than expected; department reports trade deficit for April expanded to new monthly high of $14.5 billion, well above $13.3 billion projected by many economists, and up sharply from $13.2 billion in March; figures show deepening economic slump through much of Asia is drying up demand for many types of goods, costing American exporters orders in what had been one of their fastest growing markets; total exports in April fell 2.5 percent, to $77.1 billion, lowest level in 14 months; imports decreased eight-tenths of 1 percent, to $91.6 billion; nation's largest exporter, Boeing Co, says it expects deepening recession in Asia to cost it orders for 90 aircraft over next five years; Texas Instruments says it will cut 3,500 jobs worldwide--8 percent of work force--because of weak demand for semiconductors from Asia and deep price cuts by Asian competitors struggling to survive downturns in their home markets; deficit with Japan narrowed to $5.4 billion from $5.8 billion in March, but economists expect it to increase in coming months; deficit with China expanded to $4.3 billion from $3.8 billion; cumulative deficit with Pacific Rim nations for first four months was $46.7 billion, a 38 percent increase over similar period last year; department also says nation's current-account deficit expanded to $47.2 billion in first quarter from $45 billion in fourth quarter of 1997; graph (M)
The major weakness of Microsoft's player has always been its interface, especially when compared with the far more intuitive RealOne player from RealNetworks (www.real.com) or the MusicMatch player (www.musicmatch.com).
The new restatements approach in size those that tremendously angered investors and analysts last year, helping drive the price of Interpublic shares to 10-year lows.
Right after the market closed on Friday, Xerox dropped a bombshell, warning that fourth-quarter earnings, which it had already said in October would be poor, would be even worse than that.
Lawsuit Says Exxon Aided Rights Abuses
The News Corporation sued Time Warner for breach of contract, but had to drop that suit since there had been no formal contract.
Ms. Miller said she was ''not leaving a bad situation'' or because she felt that she could not advance at Citigroup.
The Microsoft gesture follows two major settlement deals in the last month that went a long way to resolving the company's longstanding antitrust problems.
He has written academic papers on the case, but said, ''I am not now and have never been involved in any litigation involving Microsoft.''
They have been trying to draft a deal that would restrict the News Corporation's control over the news and editorial arms of The Journal and the newswires.
She said Amazon's German-based site, www.amazon.de, would not sell any literature that was banned in Germany.
lawyer, said Thursday that the ruling in Japan, along with the raids in Europe, added credibility to the company's complaints about Intel's practices.
Time Warner Inc reports net income for first quarter of 1999 was $138 million, compared with loss of $62 million in year-earlier period; revenue rose 2 percent, to $6.2 billion (M)
The California Public Utilities Commission is expected to vote on whether to permit McCaw to shift its cellular franchises to A.T.& T. Although the commission has frequently taken a hard regulatory line toward telecommunications companies, it is expected to approve the transaction.
Concerns about the market share arrangements were among the problems that led Merck to cancel an initial offering of Medco that was announced in January 2002.
Alexander J. Trotman, who rose from a student trainee at Ford Motor to become the company's chief executive for much of the 1990's, died on Monday in Yorkshire, England.
He added that Boeing's management team would have to retire or be phased out before the company could admit its mistake and start building a superjumbo.
In 1994, a jury ordered Microsoft to pay Stac $120 million for patent infringement, though Microsoft later settled the case for an estimated $50 million and took a 15 percent stake in Stac.
Motorola and Nokia, which had introduced evidence that the Uzans had transferred hundreds of millions of dollars to private accounts, among other fraudulent activities, said the ruling was only a minor setback and that they would be able to continue pursuing recovery in the United States.
Now, corporate travel departments are finding or demanding access to these same cheap fares, which sometimes are available only on airline or travel Web booking sites, according to American Express.
Such concern caused Amgen's stock to drop 13 percent since the close of trading Wednesday.
In recent months, Johnson & Johnson's Cypher stent has been recouping some of the ground it lost when Boston Scientific introduced Taxus.
More than 100 self-proclaimed computer geeks showed up at Microsoft Corporation sales offices in several cities to make a public display of rejecting the software maker's ubiquitous Windows operating system and of demanding their money back.
Federal Aviation Administration finds serious flaws in Alaska Airlines maintenance program, but says it has accepted airline's remedial plan and will not shut it down; at same time, FAA offical L Nick Lacey faults his agency's performance in overseeing airline before crash of one of its MD-80 jects in January; findings prompt inspections at nine other airlines (M)
AOL and Time Warner Face Criticism at F.C.C.
Kodak no longer makes film cameras.
AT&T names Betsy J Bernard chief executive of its troubled consumer-services operations (M)
Johnson & Johnson later concluded in both those cases that the patients had no risk factors that would have indicated not to use Propulsid.
Ron Gettelfinger, the president of the United Automobile Workers union, and William Clay Ford Jr., executive chairman of the Ford Motor Company, told Michigan business leaders that cutting emissions and raising fuel economy standards are critical to the future of the industry and that of Michigan.
Until now, the Bell companies have tiptoed around the long-distance restriction because it remains the most sacrosanct, just as A.T.& T. has tiptoed around the idea of using new companies that offer a network of fiber-optic cables to bypass the Bells in reaching large corporate customers.
Shareholders, who have been steadily dumping Xerox stock in the last 10 days, rushed to sell even more.
Article on factors controlling minority shareholder fights as Sears Holdings increases its bid to take full control of Sears Canada and Ford Motor attempts to take Canadian subsidiary private; analysts warn that Sears Holdings might have to pay more to reach complete takeover; trial court and appeals court have upheld view by Omers, pension fund for municipal employees in Ontario, that Ford improperly siphoned off funds (M)
During a conference call with analysts yesterday, Mr. Connors referred only obliquely to the federal court ruling in April that Microsoft was a monopolist that had repeatedly violated the nation's antitrust laws.
No wonder Motorola, the Schaumburg, Ill.-based semiconductor and telecommunications giant, has Wall Street anxiously wondering how the company will regain the momentum that made it so popular among investors in the early 1990's.
Now that Ms. Miller has abruptly resigned from Priceline and is looking for work, her brief adventure in cyberspace is being cited as confirmation that the dot-coms are dead.
It quoted the judge as saying ''Microsoft did not actually prevent users from obtaining and using Navigator.''
The mayor was so concerned about the potential loss of Verizon, whose New York roots date back to the days of New York Telephone, that he decided to handle the final negotiations personally.
The purchase, the largest ever by Electronic Arts, signifies an aggressive move into the relatively new mobile-game business.
I called A.T. & T. I noted that things were not going perfectly.
Analysis of America Online-Time Warner proposed merger focuses on media influence that has grown for handful of companies; says public debate over power of Big Media seems to have grown quieter since 1980's, even as industry has become increasingly concentrated; holds critics cite power of media companies themselves to shape public debate on issue, largely by ignoring it; says critics also say Wall Street is not likely to stop trend since it, along with top media executives, profits handsomely from corporate deals; holds politicians in Washington are also unlikely to act, for fear of alienating large media owners and losing large campaign contributions; consumer advocate Ralph Nader says he is dismayed by America Online-Time Warner deal; photo (M)
There is anxiety because the deal will turn Procter, the world's largest advertiser, into the biggest marketer of consumer products, with total sales at $60 billion a year, overtaking its longtime rival, Unilever.
In their monthly production update to reporters and analysts yesterday, Boeing executives said that they still expected to deliver 550 airplanes in 1998 but that deliveries of the new 737 would suffer delays for the rest of the year.
But for regulators and competitors in industries ranging from computers to telephones to Internet access, a partnership between AT&T and Microsoft, which is still being negotiated, could appear as frightening as it is formidable.
Before yesterday's decisions, Merck's strategy of aggressively defending cases, rather than looking for a settlement, appeared to be paying dividends.
Even when viewed independently, these two prongs of Microsoft's campaign threatened to ''forestall the corrective forces of competition'' and thereby perpetuate Microsoft's monopoly power in the relevant market.
When Coke was first introduced in Europe, Italians dumped it on the streets of Rome and the French tried to ban it.
META says eight companies contacted it in February, complaining that Oracle was trying to reinterpret existing contracts in a way that resulted in more data streams being counted -- and, in turn, costing the companies millions of dollars.
For nearly an hour, he spoke quickly and loudly, appearing genuinely upset and urging the jury to return a damage award large enough to get the attention of top executives at Merck, which had revenue last year of $22 billion.
The initial problem with equipment that keeps a plane level, which led an Alaska Airlines jetliner to a harrowing drop of more than a mile, was not the problem that triggered the plane's second, fatal dive, air safety investigators said today.
It's not clear that the brand has what it takes to move beyond those groups to give Yahoo a run for its money.''
Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine is challenging scientific validity of claim by milk industry and sellers of yogurt and cheese that eating more dairy products results in weight loss; says claims is based primarily on clinical research of one scientist who is financed by Dairy Council, nutrition marketing arm of dairy industry, and General Mills, which makes Yoplait yogurt; files petitions with Federal Trade Commission and Food and Drug Administration claiming association between dairy products and weight loss is false and misleading; photos (M)
Harper's Bazaar is playing the same odds, splashing a photograph taken at the Gap shoot on its September cover.
Microsoft Corp, fighting to defeat government's proposal to break up company, plans to ask trial Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson next week for broad authority to obtain hundreds of pages of government records on case, and for permission to summon witnesses to argue that proposal is unwarranted and out of bounds; Government officials call company's action stalling tactic, possibly intended to delay ruling until next administration takes office; Microsoft denies intent, and outside experts note company might not gain any particular advantage from a delay (M)
Apparently, Corning missed him more.
And while the Z5 can't play songs from Apple's iTunes Music Store, it can play songs from Rhapsody, Napster, Musicmatch, MSN Music, Wal-Mart, AOL Music Now, Yahoo Music and other members of the ''MMS-MMS'' consortium (Microsoft-based Music Stores with Minuscule Market Share).
Compounding the problem, Wal-Mart shut down the headquarters of one of the chains, infuriating employees who opted to quit rather than move.
''Certain customers in Belgium were made queasy by this bad odor,'' said Dominique Reiniche, president of Coca-Cola Enterprises S.A., the company's French bottler.
The General Motors Corporation and the Ford Motor Company said yesterday that the federal government had asked them to provide information about how they account for their pension funds and retiree medical benefits, suggesting that a new inquiry into an area of accounting that has long troubled both investors and pension-rights advocates will cast a broad net.
Oracle has booked several contracts for its servers, including a deal with Bell Atlantic, but the company may be hurt if AT&T throws its weight behind a rival.
The evidence at trial did not establish, and the Court did not find, a clear causal link between the conduct held to be anticompetitive and Microsoft's current market position.
The European Commission threatened Microsoft last week with fines as high as 3 million euros ($3.9 million) a day for failing to comply with the order.
A federal judge yesterday ordered Willie E. Gary, a Florida lawyer who is representing four black former Coca-Cola employees in a racial-discrimination lawsuit against the company, not to interfere with the settlement reached last month between Coke and four other employees with similar claims.
But the problem has persisted, and Apple executives concede that they do not know when I.B.M.
Amgen and Guilford Pharmaceuticals announced in July that such a drug was not effective in a clinical trial in treating Parkinson's disease.
Michigan has the highest unemployment rate in the country, and both General Motors and the Ford Motor Company are eliminating tens of thousands of jobs through buyout and early retirement offers.
Equity income, from bottlers in which Coca-Cola holds a stake, has fallen 83 percent so far this year, the company said.
Then, and now, Microsoft argued that the browser and the operating system were actually one product -- not two products tied together.
In a statement, Marsh & McLennan said Mr. Cherkasky was leading a company investigation into Mr. Spitzer's charges.
Almost six months later, Pfizer has failed to provide specifics of where the cuts will come.
In the last few years, as chief executive of Sam's Club, Mr. Turner improved the performance of the warehouse clubs and closed the gap with Costco, its rival in that market and a rare competitor that has not withered under Wal-Mart's assault.
Yahoo's users are looking at more pages than they did a year ago, but the company's advertising revenue for each page displayed declined, it said, mainly because of its lagging search ad technology.
''Based on the entire picture,'' Ms. Hall of Halliburton wrote in her e-mail message, ''to allege that KBR is overcharging for this needed service insults the KBR employees who are performing this dangerous mission to help bring fuel to the people of Iraq.
Johnson & Johnson denies the accusations.
If you use Microsoft Outlook and the PocketMirror conduit to dump data onto the Palm, rather than the Palm Desktop program, you can similarly synchronize Outlook profiles to separate hand-helds.
Pfizer lost $2, to $38.95, and Bristol-Myers Squibb closed at $58.25, down $1.15 a share.
As popular as Ms. Couric has been on ''Today,'' translating that appeal to the evening news at CBS may prove tricky, especially with some critics seemingly intent on dismissing her hard news credentials because of the frothier material she also presented on ''Today.''
Intel shares had fallen $1.18, or 4.2 percent, to $27, in regular trading.
With the company's bank debt difficult to buy, vulture investors are eyeing Xerox's bonds.
But when Reed Hastings, Netflix's chief executive, announced the price cut and exposed Amazon's putative DVD rental initiative, his company's shares dropped again, to just over $10.
The new offering also changes the way Lucent will repay its debt to its lead underwriter, Morgan Stanley Dean Witter, which had bought $2.3 billion in Lucent commercial paper.
And Microsoft began, over years of crashes and controversies, to fashion something else out of this software and hardware until it could leave those technological origins behind.
But he added that Mr. Luethke's accounts of communications with Morgan Stanley ''should not be accepted as accurate.''
Havas appears to be in jeopardy of losing its third-largest client, the Intel Corporation, which has signaled that it is considering eliminating agencies owned by Havas from a review for worldwide advertising assignments that began in October, advertising executives who were told of its plans said.
The problem arises from Apple's decision to drop connectors for older SCSI and serial peripherals.
American Express Co will make changes to ad campaign about Andy Roddick losing and fining his 'mojo' after his first-round defeat at US Open tennis tournament; campaign is by Ogilvy & Mather (S)
To correct its violations, Halliburton was required to pay more than $8.6 million.
Apple's shares have been depressed this year, closing down 12.5 cents on Friday, at $16.625, just above the stock's 52-week low of $16.
Well, the workers whose jobs are now threatened at I.B.M.
Microsoft denied the charges.
''Vermont has a reputation for its rigorous permitting process,'' said Jay Canning, a local hotel developer and operator and one of the owners of the hotel, which is franchised by the Marriott Corporation.
With two competitors fast on its heels, Pfizer is choosing younger and healthier pitchmen for its erectile dysfunction treatment.
''We're disappointed but not surprised, because the Supreme Court rarely hears cases like this,'' said Yanik Deschnes, a spokesman for Wal-Mart.
McKesson HBOC Inc, large drug wholesaler, to restate earnings for last four quarters after discovering improperly recorded sales from recently acquired software business; says it lost 27 cents a diluted share in fourth quarter and cuts earnings forecast for fiscal 2000; stock plunges 48 percent on news (Market Place column) (M)
The settlement announced on Thursday involved a lawsuit that Apple Corps filed in 2005, contending that an audit had shown that EMI was not living up to the terms of the contract under which it releases the Beatles music.
Accusations of tax evasion were first raised against Chevron in the early 1990's by the district office of the Internal Revenue Service in San Francisco, where ChevronTexaco is based.
The Raytheon Company shocked Wall Street again yesterday by lowering its profit forecast for the third time since September, the latest sign that the military contractors created by a wave of mergers in the 1990's are proving difficult to manage.
Others also argue that Microsoft's recent stock decline stems from problems beyond the antitrust case, like lower-than-expected earnings or investor concerns that the company is poorly positioned as competition over software increasingly moves toward the World Wide Web.
No account was taken of the grievous harm that this decree would inflict on Microsoft and on a wide range of third parties.
Expert Lists Goals of a Microsoft Penalty
He told a conference call with analysts that ''many customers were determined not to let Oracle's hostile takeover attempt hurt PeopleSoft.''
''There's no question in my mind that Microsoft will use this agreement to crush competition,'' he said, ''and they would have the imprimatur of the U.S. government to do it.''
Microsoft acknowledged today that it planned to change the way it distributes its flagship Windows XP operating system software, in response to a malicious software ''worm'' that has spread over the Internet in recent days attacking tens of thousands of personal computers by exploiting vulnerabilities in Windows.
''The burden of evidence is not in the bears' camp,'' said Brian Jones, an economist at Citigroup, who is bullish on the employment outlook.
Just as they fail to account for the measures that Microsoft took in the IAP channel, the goals of preventing free riding and preserving brand association fail to explain the full extent of Microsoft's actions in the ICP channel.
Ever since Michael F. Price sold the management company of the Mutual Series funds to the Franklin Templeton Group for a small fortune two years ago, the funds have labored under a cloud of uncertainty.
The drugmaker Pfizer plans to reduce its operations in Germany in response to the country's planned changes in health care policy, Walter Kbele, the head of the company's German unit, told the newspaper Die Welt.
The Advertising Column on Friday about a marketing battle between the Coca-Cola Company and Pepsico in Venezuela misstated the country's area relative to Texas.
Analysts said the decline in Biogen reflected general weakness in the biotechnology sector as well as the loss of Ms. Sato.
Star TV, which is owned by the News Corporation, is already seen by many Chinese viewers who have illegal satellite dishes.
Microsoft is making its deepest price cut, 54.5 percent, in its software for the academic market, Mr. Chen said.
Last week, Verizon agreed to drop its fight in bankruptcy court to liquidate MCI in exchange for a $60 million settlement of its claims.
Federal officials told Propulsid's manufacturer, Johnson & Johnson, that the drug might have to be banned for children, or even withdrawn altogether.
But Mr. Otellini defended the inventory levels, contending that Intel needed to build inventory so it could avoid the trouble it has had in the past with meeting customer demand.
A spokesman for Coca-Cola, Randal W. Donaldson, said yesterday: ''We're disappointed with the Government's initial decision.
further shuffling of ominicom's board**Peter Foy resigns from board of Omnicom Group; Errol M Cook and Michael A Henning join board (S)
Still, for an organization not intended to be regarded as anti-Microsoft the name ''liberty'' was not the wisest choice.
Second, Microsoft imposed stringent limits on the freedom of OEM's to reconfigure or modify Windows 95 and Windows 98 in ways that might enable OEM's to generate usage for Navigator in spite of the contractual and technological devices that Microsoft had employed to bind Internet Explorer to Windows.
in a case brought by two former employees who contended that they contracted cancer because they had been exposed to dangerous chemicals at I.B.M.
The company, Allstate Insurance Group of Northbrook, Ill., said it planned to reduce its business in coastal areas vulnerable to what the company described as the increased danger of a devastating hurricane.
What is more, AT&T accused Frontier of playing dirty pool.
In a clash of cultural icons, the Beatles' record company, Apple Corps, wants Apple Computer to stop using its familiar logo, in the shape of an apple with a bite out of it, on the iTunes Music Store.
So far, the arrangement with Amazon has not been a financial success for the toy retailer.
Now Microsoft is developing a new system called Hailstorm that will link a wide range of services, from financial to entertainment, in a way that critics assert will leave no room for competitors such as AOL.
Even so, there were signs that a boycott of Coca-Cola might be called at some point as the bus stops for rallies in Greensboro, N.C., Richmond, Va., Washington and finally Wilmington, where Mr. Jones plans to address shareholders.
The challenge came from Take-Two Interactive Software, which teamed up with Sega to sell sports titles at cut-rate prices, forcing Electronic Arts to lower its prices as much as 50 percent.
Ruffian broke down early in her match race 31 years ago against Foolish Pleasure, but the sensation of watching that on CBS was similar to seeing Barbaro shatter his ankle Saturday at the Preakness Stakes on NBC.
Susan L. Annunzio, chief executive of the Hudson Highland Center for High Performance, a management consulting firm in Chicago, said Pfizer had evidently decided that firing Dr. Rost would cause more problems than it would solve.
Currency trader John M Rusnak is charged with bank fraud, other crimes for allegedly using fictitious trades and false trade confirmations to hide $691 million of losses at Allfirst Financial, Allied Irish Banks unit, and make it seem that he was making profit; indictment says his special trading accords with Citibank, Bank of America and Merrill Lynch helped him conceal details of his daily trading and enter fictitious trades on Allfirst's books; photo (M)
Michigan's Democratic Gov Jennifer M Granholm is pushing hard to close sweetheart land deal with Toyota Motor Co in state where unemployment was 7.3 percent in December, tied with Alaska as worst in nation; Granholm believes declining market share of Big Three automakers--General Motors, Chrysler division of DaimlerChrysler and Ford Motor Co--has resulted in rise in unemployment, and state must diversify; Michigan is fighting in court to push through deal to sell public land to Toyota that would allow company to expand technical center near University of Michigan in Ann Arbor; developer who outbid Toyota by $16 million has sued to block deal, but courts have sided with state; graphs; map (M)
The punitive damages phase of the fourth Vioxx case began Thursday with testimony from Raymond V. Gilmartin, the former chief executive of Merck, who faced the plaintiff's lawyer, W. Mark Lanier.
Pfizer's problems are related to an industrywide slowdown in prescriptions of expensive branded medicines, while sales of cheaper generic drugs are growing, Mr. McKinnell said.
Texaco Inc. said yesterday that its board had rejected a merger proposal from the Chevron Corporation and ended all takeover talks.
THE MARKETS: Market Place; Investors Find Vulnerability In Microsoft
Susan Sobbott, the president of American Express's small-business division, said the negative outlook was the lowest in the two years that the company had conducted the survey.
Yet Microsoft critics can point to the University of Cincinnati study as another piece of circumstantial evidence that the company's dominance is testimony to its market power rather than its innovations.
Mr. Barksdale, Netscape's 55-year-old chief executive, told a colleague that the encounter with Microsoft in June 1995 was ''the damnedest meeting I've ever attended in 35 years in business.''
But for the longtime partners of the Wintel alliance, it could simply be a further sign that the force may no longer be with them.
The advertisers, which include Coca-Cola and Philip Morris, had  each received strongly worded letters as part of a letter-writing campaign directed by a Connecticut school headmaster who complains that the show includes what he describes as anti-Semitic, racist and sexist humor.
EMC Corp says it will report earnings and revenue slightly below Wall Street's expectations; Motorola Inc tells analysts that it will lose even more money in second quarter than $206 million operating loss it reported April 10 for first quarter; Motorola also increases by 4,000, to 26,000, the number of jobs it plans to eliminate as part of cost-cutting efforts that began last year; photo (M)
Rival New York Post and Daily News have each fully covered sexual harassment controversy involving Bill O'Reilly of Fox News and Andrea Mackris, producer on his program, with Post tending to paint Mackris in more negative light than News has; News deputy publisher Martin Dunn suggests Post might be pulling its punches because News Corp owns both Post and Fox; Post editor in chief Col Allan denies he is under pressure to protect O'Reilly; photos (M)
Compressed Data; Oracle's Chairman Backs On-Line Venture
Microsoft will not say how many broadband add-on subscriptions it has sold, admitting only that the vast bulk of its users come from deals it has struck with Verizon and Qwest to include MSN software as part of those company's basic broadband services.
The settlement stems from a 1999 class-action lawsuit filed in California that accused Microsoft of overcharging customers for its software.
Rumors circulated last month that Highbridge, which was acquired by J.P. Morgan Chase last year, was nursing losses after the downgrade of General Motors' debt last month.
While American multinationals often prefer to have lawsuits handled in developing countries, where weak legal systems mean trials can languish, in this case the New York court said any final ruling and financial penalty imposed against ChevronTexaco would be enforceable in the United States.
The company said it would sell some of Adobe's products in the takeover to eliminate regulatory obstacles.
David Polk, a spokesman for Raytheon, said he had not seen the amended version of the complaint, which was filed today.
A.T.& T.'s high price may have hurt sales.
Especially in Texas, the epicenter of a Union Pacific crisis that began last year, rail yards have opened up and traffic is flowing more smoothly, the company has said in its weekly reports.
It is not clear whether Mr. Weill will have any more huge paydays because Citigroup has not disclosed how it will pay him as chairman.
Year 2000 will be remembered as year that Microsoft abandoned its PC-centric view of the world, and embarked on new strategy, proclaiming that it will build computer operating system directly into fabric of the Internet; creating a network operating system--an idea that Microsoft once opposed--is a real shift in strategy, and a particularly daring one because it strikes at heat of bitterly contested federal antitrust lawsuit that Microsoft is now appealing; photos; charts (L) (Special section on outlook for the economy and business)
Kellogg, the second-largest packaged-food marketer to children, also said it did not want to comment on the Institute of Medicine's recommendations.
The lawsuit also requests an injunction to prohibit Mr. Burns from working on General Mills advertising assignments, either at an existing agency or one he may open, and from hiring anyone who has worked for Saatchi & Saatchi in the last year.
Gateway finds itself trying to quell a conflict that involves the latest version of Microsoft's Picture It Publishing, Norton AntiVirus, certain Hewlett-Packard and Lexmark printers and an unnamed cast of printer, scanner and video drivers.
Frank Norris column attributes departure of M Douglas Ivester as chief executive of Coca-Cola Co to its inability to raise soft-drink prices; notes that bottlers have been unable lately to pass Coke's price increases for concentrate on to consumers and were unhappy with Coke's latest, larger than usual price increase; says Ivester was probably also hurt by Coke's lagging stock price; graph (M)
Michael Sears' departure from Boeing Co amid contracting scandal has led some industry analysts and experts on corporate governance to examine his ties to Sprint Corp; Sears had been named independent director of Sprint; experts are focusing on Sprint's three-year deal to provide long-distance service to Boeing's 155,000 workers; contract was awardee in July, just months after Sears joined Sprint board, from which he resigned day after his dismissal by Boeing; contract was heralded as sign that Sprint was making inroads with market leaders, AT&T and MCI, in multibillion-dollar business for corporate telephone service; Boeing and Sprint say that Sears had no role in talks and that companies had longstanding relationship; governance watchdogs say that companies should reassure shareholders that such transactions did not compromise independence of board member; Gary Forsee's first appointment to board after replacing Sprint's chief executive William T Esrey was Sears; men knew each other from March of Dimes, where they are both on board of trustees; photos (Market Place column) (M)
By many accounts, both systems were a bust, significantly slowing service times for food that customers did not view as superior to that of McDonald's competitors.
Ford Ka auto, most visible plank of Ford Motor Co's efforts to resuscitate its business in Japan, may have tough road ahead; car goes on sale Jan 28 for delivery in late March; Eiji Iwakuni, former Honda executive, has been hired to turn Ford around in Japan; some of drawbacks of Ford Ka noted (M)
You might not know this from recent news reports, which have questioned the viability of Priceline's approach to business after the company disclosed a third-quarter revenue shortfall.
The merger talks began late last year, the terse statement explained, but Microsoft broke off the negotiations after weighing the ''complexity of the potential transaction'' and the management headaches of trying to put together two huge software companies.
Those charges were partly offset by $277 million in after-tax income from discontinued operations that Kodak said was associated with the sale of the company's nonimaging health business in 1994.
Intel expects gross margins to be approximately 57 percent, plus or minus a point, as compared with the earlier forecast of 56 percent, plus or minus a couple of points.
Dr Dean Ornish, advocate of low-fat diets, comments on his work as paid consultant to McDonald's Corp; many leading nutrition scientists have started working for large food companies, either as consultants or members of health advisory boards, in recent years as companies face increased Congressional scrutiny and threat of suits over diet-related illnesses; Ornish and others defend their controversial dual roles as efforts to improve American diet from within; photos (M)
Aggressive and unusually early round of air fare sales for fall by low-cost carriers is threatening to wipe out any chance of profit for industry; JetBlue Airways and Southwest Airlines are have announced lower fares for autumn; period from Labor Day to Thanksgiving week is one of slowest of year for air travel, and industry is used to fare sales in that period, but they are rarely so sweeping, or announced so early, nor are they usually led by low-fare carriers rather than major carriers; chart (M)
The quarterly results, according to analysts, suggest that Microsoft seems to be skillfully handling the uncertainties it faces in its business and on the legal front.
One finding of illegal behavior upheld by the appeals court involved Microsoft's threatening to stop developing a version of its Office software to work on Macintosh computers unless Apple agreed to use Internet Explorer instead of Netscape, now owned by AOL Time Warner.
The blame for this falls squarely with CBS, which might be the rare company where such goofing off is considered a corporate requirement.
Lawyers for the commission had asked an administrative law judge to order Intel to end its practice of withholding valuable technology from computer manufacturers as a weapon in patent disputes with those companies.
''People are upset and angry,'' said Arnie Marchetti, a 37-year-old computer technician at I.B.M.
Yesterday, Professor Shapiro acknowledged that there was no way to know what would have happened had Microsoft not acted illegally.
Court Rejects Microsoft Request  By Reuters
Trying to conserve cash, AOL Time Warner and the Walt Disney Corporation have revived long-running talks about combining their CNN and ABC News operations into a joint venture in an effort to cut costs, people involved in the talks said yesterday.
One of the first funerals is being held this morning in Bronxville, N.Y., for an Aon employee whose body was found along with those of two police officers who were last heard from on the 22nd floor of 2 World Trade Center.
David Boies, the Government's lead trial lawyer, has successfully attacked several videotape demonstrations Microsoft has played in court over the last few weeks, arguing that they were deceptively edited or did not show what the narrators' contended they did.
Boeing denies that there is a pattern of discrimination at the company.
Hitting yet another snag in its nascent Internet service, the Comcast Corporation said yesterday that it was scrambling to repair an e-mail failure that had left as many as 300,000 customers unable to receive messages.
Pfizer disputed Warner-Lambert's threat to cancel the agreement over Lipitor immediately, noting that the only way that could happen was for the company to have broken its original agreement regarding Lipitor.
AT&T itself was not charged in either the civil or criminal cases.
SEATTLE, July 11, (Reuters) -- Microsoft said today that its quarterly revenues would be higher than expected, but said it would record $2.6 billion in investment losses.
Comcast and media analysts said there was so little direct overlap between the two companies' businesses that a merger would probably not raise any red flags on competition grounds, the way a failed proposal to merge EchoStar and DirecTV did.
With the upgrading from the junk-bond category, Moody's moved Mexico into the league of countries that present a very low risk of failing to pay their debts.
Recent campaign of litigation and warnings by SCO Group against companies that use Linux has helped make company profitable for first time ever; SCO less than three months ago started what has become escalating skirmish in software industry by asserting that rights to Unix operating system were being widely violated by computer companies that back Linux, and perhaps by thousands of companies that use Linux; Novell, which sold Unix business to SCO in 1995, contends it did not pass on intellectual property rights to system in sale to SCO, contention SCO disputes; German software group Luxtag threatens to sue SCO unless it stops its anti-Linux campaign; SCO has licensed Unix's underlying technology to other companies, including IBM, Sun Microsystems and Hewlett-Packard, to develop their own flavors of Unix; SCO reports quarterly profit of $4.5 million on revenue of $21.4 million; collected $8.8 million in cash from its new division set up to enforce company's rights to Unix (M)
Abbott Laboratories said yesterday that it planned to pay $622 million to settle an investigation into sales practices for liquids needed to feed the seriously ill.
Moreover, the public may not find closure until Sanford Weill, who presided over the Grubman-era debacle as Citigroup's chief executive, no longer continues to hover over the institution as chairman of the board.
AT&T is adamant that Microsoft will not get an exclusive arrangement to supply its Windows CE software on the set-top boxes of AT&T's expanded network.
Whether the use of such a limited bankruptcy proceeding could work for companies other than Halliburton -- and Honeywell, which announced a similar tentative deal earlier this month -- remains to be seen.
Even when Chevron was able to get oil out of the ground, it could not always ship it -- stymied by political infighting and limited pipeline capacity.
Philip Morris has said that it does not have the financial resources to post a bond that large, and the resulting uncertainty has caused the shares of its parent, the Altria Group, to fall.
Under a new policy Citigroup initiated in August, no such financing will be approved without meaningful disclosure of its impact on a company's financial condition.''
MCI's board cited Qwest's relative weakness as a big reason it accepted Verizon's far lower offer.
But last month the judge in the case heard and took under advisement Sun arguments for an order to temporarily restrain Microsoft from using the Java trademark.
The biggest disappointment today was AT&T's sluggish growth in the core long-distance business.
Known for its Mario, Donkey Kong and Pokmon games and its GameCube and Game Boy machines, Nintendo is not engaged in merger talks with Microsoft nor is it interested, a company spokesman said.
Taking a poke at Microsoft, Mr. Schwartz said that consumers were intimidated by the idea of one company's being the keeper of online identities.
Comcast currently has $22.4 billion in debt and projected operating cash flow this year of $7.5 billion.
Johnson & Johnson defended the product yesterday and criticized the analysis, which was conducted by three cardiologists, saying they had relied on data from patients who had received higher doses than are now recommended.
''Branding is very important,'' is all Mr. Marriott would say about the Rihga Royal's/JW Marriott's adventures with snob response.
Correction:  January 17, 2003, Friday  A chart in Business Day yesterday with an article about a hostile bid by the Simon Property Group for the Taubman Centers shopping mall company misstated the age and size of a Taubman mall, the Beverly Center in Los Angeles.
Citigroup essentially orchestrated a large sale of European government debt and then repurchased that debt shortly afterward at depressed prices.
Merck announced that it would stop selling Vioxx because a study showed increased risk of heart attacks and stroke, particularly among those who had taken it longer than 18 months.
Unlike Goldman's earnings report, however, Morgan Stanley's results are expected to suffer from the contribution of its struggling retail investor division, which has been hit by the reluctance of the individual investor to get back into the market.
Allstate is the largest member of Mr. Annotti's organization, the Property Casualty Insurers Association of America.
Microsoft vs. Netscape: The Border War Heats Up
Microsoft had reason to be red-faced about the incident yesterday -- first, because the company was unable to identify the employee who forged an E-mail message on Tuesday accusing America Online of irresponsible behavior, and second, because whoever did it sent the message to the one computer security expert who was most likely to trace it back to Microsoft.
The wife and three children of a Paterson man, Ghassan Koujan, killed in the crash of EgyptAir Flight 990 have sued the airline and Boeing for $25 million each.
In the third quarter, Bank of America had the No.
Ms. Rauch said she also worried that Mattel might saturate the market.
Some of nation's big insurers are turning to Washington in bid to gain protection against future catastrophic losses; Allstate and State Farm, which provide nearly 35 percent of insurance on American homes, are seeking legislation that would offer same kind of program for hurricanes and other natural disasters as government promises to provide to commercial insurers in future terrorism attack; insurers and their supporters in Congress are talking about state and federal support kicking in after industry has paid first $4.5 billion in damage, compared with first $25 billion in terror attack; Florida lawmakers Reps Ginny Brown-Waite and E Clay Shaw Jr and Sen Bill Nelson have introduced legislation that would greatly reduce risk for home insurers and make insurance on homes in vulnerable areas more affordable and more available; opponents, including number of other insurance companies, say that government should not be in business of bailing out insurance companies for their losses and that any such program would mostly benefit homeowners along Atlantic and Gulf Coasts at expense of residents elsewhere in country; industry managed to handle $61.8 billion in losses from Hurricane Katrina and other storms in 2005 and to come back strong this year with record earnings in first nine months; insurers say that was only because they have been pushing up prices along coasts and reducing their potential losses by refusing to renew policies or to sell new coverage to hundreds of thousands of homeowners along coasts (L)
Those with three-year upgrade cycles can expect to pay 35 percent to 77 percent more, according to the Gartner Group, a market research company in Stamford, Conn. A typical company with 5,000 PC's that upgrades Microsoft Office every four years will pay $900,000 to $1.7 million more.
The Financial Times reported on Thursday that Deutsche Bank had broached, then ended talks, about a deal with Citigroup, because of Mr. Ackermann's worries about its political fallout in Germany.
The central bank stepped in to protect the ruble and the banking system, but Moody's Investors Service and Standard & Poor's downgraded Russia's foreign debt, which already had been ranked as ''junk.''
In May, when sharp cuts were being made in its work force, Motorola  abandoned a plan to spend $13 billion to build what it called its Internet in the Sky project, a satellite network capable of delivering high-speed data communications anywhere in the world.
The Belgian official said that two Coca-Cola plants closed during the ban -- at Ghent and Antwerp -- were close to reopening or already had reopened after inspections by Government officials.
But recent disclosures from documents obtained by the Justice Department and the states as part of their investigation into Microsoft's business practices show the deep frustration felt by Intel executives in the face of pressure applied by Microsoft's chairman, William H. Gates.
As computers become more common, and schools place less emphasis on teaching penmanship, good handwriting appears headed for oblivion; paradoxically, Microsoft, Fujitsu and other hardware makers are introducing tablet PC's, laptop-like devices that permit users to write directly on screen with stylus and then manipulate handritten text; software is designed for quick notes rather than lengthy treatises; more than one million handwriting samples are written into tablet's software to help it read and convert handwriting into text; previous attempts at such technology have failed and companies warn that users should temper their expectations; drawing; photos (M)
While Boeing takes pains to say that the two planes are not head-to-head competitors, the industry generally sees them that way.
Using internal company documents and sworn depositions at the Microsoft trial today, a Government lawyer depicted the Compaq Computer Corporation, the world's largest manufacturer of personal computers, as so fearful of Microsoft that it repeatedly abandoned software products it preferred in favor of Microsoft's offerings and even passed on information about a competing operating system in violation of a nondisclosure agreement.
Asked about Humana's statement, he refused to comment.
While the settlement proposed yesterday would not affect the Louisiana case, it would forever remove Dow Corning from the implant litigation threat.
In the first deal, involving a venture between Enron and Citigroup called Sundance, investigators are examining why Citigroup allowed the deal to go forward even though risk managers and others at the bank lodged strong objections, telling Michael A. Carpenter, the former head of Citigroup's corporate and investment banking unit, that the transaction was too aggressive and put the bank at risk.
On a day when news from Washington dominated the market, banks and energy stocks were hurt by the latest revelations regarding the Enron investigation, with officials of Citigroup and J. P. Morgan Chase defending their banks at a Senate hearing against accusations they had helped Enron cover up the extent of its debt.
E-Commerce Report on booming business in services meant to make e-mail as private as confession booth; consumers and business people took note when hackers broke into Microsoft's site and made public highly embarrassing personal correspondence, and when Bill Gates was forced to testify about e-mail messages he sent, supposedly in confidence; descriptions of various ways to secure and control e-mail offered by new companies; photo (M)
The Intel case may wind up having a lower profile than the Microsoft trial, and any penalties -- if Intel loses -- may not be nearly as severe as what Government lawyers may seek for Microsoft.
But Intel also said it expected second-quarter results to be flat or slightly down relative to the first quarter and that it planned to cut about 3,000 jobs over the next six months, mainly through attrition.
It is in a battle with Comcast, Cox, Time Warner Cable and other cable providers that are offering competing phone and broadband Internet services along with their television programming -- all on BellSouth's turf.
The news also benefited Intel, which was facing years of expensive litigation with Digital.
To be fair, Canon does not yet offer the kind of superexpensive high-speed copiers that Xerox says were the hardest hit by Year 2000 problems.
The Court of First Instance, Europe's second-highest court, dismissed Microsoft's request last month to suspend the order while the company appealed an antitrust ruling by the European Commission last March.
Its top executives often go further, expressing annoyance at the entire process and suggesting that Washington's antitrust officials are little more than lackeys for Microsoft's rivals.
Aetna said medical costs in its core commercial health maintenance organizations rose 10 percent to 12 percent in the second quarter as members spent more time in hospitals, emergency rooms, outpatient surgery centers and doctors' offices.
Mr. Liddle's relationship with Paul Allen, the Microsoft Corporation cofounder who seeded Interval with a $100 million investment over 10 years, grew strained in the past year, several employees said, as Mr. Allen increasingly pushed Interval to focus its research on his business strategy in the cable industry.
The authority's advisers are planning to negotiate a contract with Vornado over the next 20 days and submit a final one to the board on March 14, although they have not closed off discussions with another bidder in case anything goes wrong.
But some CBS News staff members said they had been disappointed with the ill-focused approach of the entire newscast.
The proposal also represents a renewed push into Japan by Citigroup, which stumbled here in 2004 when regulators shut its private banking arm after accusations of misleading customers and allowing possible money laundering.
''This mill was recycling metals, and we're recycling the mill -- recycling it into a community,'' said James F. Jacoby, the developer who has begun the project with the American International Group, the big insurance company, which is contributing equity and debt capital.
A state assemblyman from Inglewood, Jerome Horton, said, ''We're very much concerned about Wal-Mart's business practices because they place a burden on California taxpayers when they don't provide health insurance to employees and when they pay wages that perpetuate poverty in the community.''
The commission has drafted a preliminary ruling that finds Microsoft guilty of abusing the dominant position of its Windows operating system -- a finding that is expected to be supported by the national regulators, the diplomat said.
''They end up fighting a war of attrition,'' Mr. Garrett said of companies that try to compete with Microsoft.
Analysis of Comcast Corp's $66 billion hostile bid for Walt Disney Co; says logic of Comcast's bid is that there are lucrative advantages to melding Disney's media content--movies, television, music, news and entertainment--with distribution network of nation's largest cable television operator; photos (M)
In fact, Merck has been defending its influence on its Medco unit in a long-running battle with plaintiffs' lawyers who are seeking class-action status.
General Electric was never particularly enthusiastic about the retail business and, considering the losses, yesterday's announcement did not surprise analysts.
And Excite@Home, a company in which Comcast was an early investor and which was created to sell cable broadband service, collapsed in bankruptcy in 2001.
RealNetworks, a leading maker of media player software, had complained to the commission about what it called the anticompetitive effect of Microsoft's bundling practices.
If it failed to do so, Yahoo would be subject to a $13,000 fine at the end of the period for every day it did not comply, Judge Gomez ruled.
With neither the Justice Department nor Microsoft willing to change so much as a comma in the proposed decree, the states face a difficult  calculation: should they support a  decree that critics say is riddled with weaknesses and loopholes, or should they expend their limited financial resources to challenge the decree in an uncertain legal battle against the federal government and one of the world's most powerful companies?
Mr. Conway and other PeopleSoft executives argued from the start that Oracle's goal was to disrupt the company's business.
Under the terms of the settlement related to Enron, J. P. Morgan Chase will pay $135 million and Citigroup will pay $101 million, which will go to investors who lost money in Enron.
Yahoo, which argued that filters would block even legal material, is considering an appeal.
That is how much Bristol-Myers Squibb agreed to pay in September to gain marketing rights to a cancer drug being developed by ImClone Systems, in the largest product deal ever between a big drug company and a small biotechnology firm.
Both courts found the company's internal pricing system arbitrary and unfair to shareholders other than Ford Motor.
For example, Lucent Technologies has sued two big Microsoft customers, Dell and Gateway, for distributing software for handling video and music that Lucent says violates its patents.
He acknowledged that Microsoft was trailing both Google and Yahoo in the Web portal and search markets, which are supported by online advertising, and said the company was unhappy being in a trailing position.
And yet, according to the committee of Verizon's board that determines his compensation, Mr. Seidenberg earned his pay last year as the company exceeded ''challenging'' performance benchmarks.
Roger M. Needham, a leading computer scientist who did pioneering work on security software, led Cambridge University's computer science laboratory for 15 years and started Microsoft's first overseas research lab, died Friday at his home in Coton, England.
''The person who should never have taken Vioxx and should have been warned by Merck, the person with multiple risks of cardiac problems, may not make the best client, because it may be harder to prove that Vioxx caused the heart attack,'' said Cynthia Anne Solomon, a lawyer in Mount Pleasant, S.C.
American Airlines, one of the few major airlines able to avoid bankruptcy after the terrorist attacks of September 2001, is having something of a rebound.
Identity theft can mean lifetime of worry for victims as number of cases continues to rise; once person has a name and Social Security number he or she can continue committing fraud 10 years later; Jay Foley, who with his wife, Linda, runs nonprofit Identity Theft Resource Center in San Diego, says he dreads contemplating trouble that tens of thousands of Americans may be exposed to as result of recently disclosed leaks of personal information from ChoicePoint, LexisNexis and possible Bank of America; Federal Trade Commission estimates 3.2 million Americans have been victims of identity fraud; some victims comment; map and graph show states with highest rates of identity theft in 2004; photos (M)
One issue in the labor dispute is the percentage of employees covered by the union contract that Verizon should be permitted to move to other states.
But the Charles Schwab Corporation sent a ripple of tension through the brokerage industry yesterday by announcing that it would cut as many as 2,400 more jobs in the next few weeks.
Netflix has sued Blockbuster, accusing it of patent infringement, and Blockbuster has countersued Netflix, alleging antitrust violations.
If Microsoft loses, it cannot go shopping for an appellate court.
Victor Wang, former chairman of Duke & Co, defunct New York brokerage firm, pleads guilty in New York Supreme Court to charges of enterprise corruption brought by Manhattan District Attorney Robert M Morgenthau; in afternoon, Wang pleads guilty to Federal charges of securities fraud and money laundering presented by US Attorney Loretta E Lynch; Wang's guilty plea in state court is part of 109-count indictment brought against Duke and its principals last May; Wang's plea to Federal charges stems from plan he designed with two officers at Stratton Oakmont, defunct Long Island brokerage firm that was subject of numerous regulatory run-ins before it closed in 1996; Securities and Exchange Commission accuses Wang and Duke brokers Gregg A Thaler, Charles T Bennett and Jeffrey S Honigman of orchestrating huge market manipulation intended to bolster stock price of Paravant Computer Systems, now known as Paravant Inc, which Duke had taken public in June 1996 (M)
''The hard part of content delivery is figuring out what request should go to what machine,'' said Mr. Lewin, 29, who is now Akamai's chief technology officer.
Citigroup agrees to pay up to $20 million to North Carolina customers of Associates First Capital Corp to settle allegations that Associates illegally tricked them into buying expensive and unneeded credit insurance as part of their mortgage loans, practice at center of Federal Trade Commission lawsuit against Associates; Associates has long been target of consumer advocates, who describe company as worst 'predatory lender' in nation; Citigroup acquired Associates last year and has long been trying to settle regulatory investigations and hundreds of private lawsuits (M)
The report contended that Pfizer had broken international law, and it criticized Pfizer's scientists for leaving Nigeria after testing the drug on about 100 children, even though the meningitis epidemic continued.
Speaking at the same Goldman Sachs conference a few hours later, Peter Chernin, president and chief operating officer of the News Corporation, flatly contradicted Mr. Robbins.
As it did in Britain, Ranbaxy is arguing in the case in Delaware that Pfizer's basic patents on Lipitor, whose active ingredient is a chemical called atorvastatin, are invalid.
When the Chevron man asked what the problem was, the Texaco partner told him: ''When it comes to these difficult questions, you have to think of us as rolling along in a tank and looking out of this little slit window.
Mr. Kassan contended that Interpublic was orchestrating a scheme to either force him to resign or invent a reason to dismiss him and to ruin his reputation with actions that included disseminating statements that he ''was on an extended leave of absence from Western because of his role in financial misconduct.''
All three grades of Kodak's printer paper have identifying machine-readable stripes on the back, so you never have to worry about choosing the wrong type (Ultra Premium, Premium or whatever) when you print from your Mac or PC; the printer already knows.
Boston Scientific's domestic challenges include continuous price pressure -- second-quarter prices per stent were about 2 percent lower than in the first quarter -- and clinical data suggesting that Johnson & Johnson's competing stent, the Cypher, might perform better in some patients.
Waste Management Executives Are Named in S.E.C.
Newly obtained corporate and government documents on Johnson & Johnson's heartburn medicine Propulsid provide in-depth view of pharmaceutical company trying to save lucrative drug in face of growing evidence of harmful side effects; story has particular resonance now, as troubled arthritis painkillers Vioxx, Celebrex and Bextra focus attention on what critics say is Food and Drug Administration's inability to monitor and regulate pharmaceuticals effectively once they are on market; documents from lawsuits against Johnson & Johnson show company did not conduct safety studies urged by federal regulators and their own consultants; Propulsid's history has striking parallels with controversial arthritis painkillers; as with them, dozens of studies sponsored by Johnson & Johnson that might have warned doctors away were never published, and company was able to delay and soften some proposed label changes; Johnson & Johnson pulled Propulsid from market in 2000 after reports of deaths mounted and before government hearing that threatened to draw attention to drug's long, largely hidden, record of trouble; detailed examination of Propulsid case; photo; chart (L)
New York regulators are investigating whether the American International Group, the insurance giant, failed to pay tens of millions of dollars to a New York state worker's compensation fund during the 1990's even after top management was told that the company's actions were improper, state officials said yesterday.
NO one will ever fault the new AT&T for not having big ambitions.
Sharp drop in Aetna shares, more than 17 percent, after earnings warning noted
''Every decade ends with a musical revolution,'' said the technology chief of a major label at the Microsoft event who feared his boss would dislike his comments.
Today, Microsoft executives refused to comment on the new device, the Xbox 2, which is not expected to reach the market until late next year at the earliest.
A federal judge has denied a request by two people with Parkinson's disease that he order Amgen to continue giving them a drug they used in a clinical trial that the company discontinued.
Motorola, which is second to Nokia in the cellphone business, said that its phone unit had operating earnings of $241 million, in contrast to a $233 million loss a year ago.
Yesterday, though, Verizon had to shut down a separate site to which it had been directing customers who needed to report service problems.
A Federal judge dealt the Microsoft Corporation a setback in its pretrial antitrust suit preparations yesterday by denying the company access to the interview tapes and transcripts for a new book written by two business school professors.
The battle between Allstate and agents who say they were forced out of their jobs as the company has been streamlining its operations took another turn yesterday.
The Microsoft Corporation, for its part, argued that it was impossible to see how the company could be found guilty.
Richard D. Fain, the chief executive of Royal Caribbean, which is based in Miami, said in a statement that Carnival was ''trying to distract from and delay'' its merger with P & O Princess.
Major drug makers and federal regulators are increasingly squaring off over problems at factories that could affect quality of medicines being produced; Schering-Plough and Abbott Laboratories announced this week that Food and Drug Administration is continuing to scrutinize their factories or products; Schering said FDA is conducting criminal investigation in Puerto Rico, where it operates two factories; Wyeth, Eli Lilly and several other large drug makers have also recently been criticized by federal regulators, who have found numerous problems with how they make prescription drugs and other medical products; because of manufacturing problems, some badly needed products are in short supply; chart; photo (M)
Moody's Cuts Alcatel Rating As Phone Sector Woes Persist
Morgan Stanley went on the offensive yesterday as its embattled chief executive, Philip J. Purcell, took new steps to consolidate his control over the divided firm.
And some financial experts noted that, even if Comcast has the financial firepower to fight a takeover battle, it runs the risk of paying too much to win it.
Lawyers for Napster Internet music service ask federal appeals court in San Francisco to set aside Judge Marilyn Patel's order that it remain offline until it has shown it has made every effort to prevent exchange of copyrighted audio files not permitted for use; lawyers for Recording Industry Association of America plan to file response to Napster's appeal; Napster settles lawsuits with musical acts, Metallica and Dr Dre, which sued in April 2000, accusing it of copyright infringement; Pressplay, joint venture of Sony Music Entertainment and Universal Music Group, announces partnership with MSN, Microsoft's online unit; MSN will be able to sell music from record companies over Internet, though date of introduction and price of music are not announced; terms of deal undisclosed (M)
And the company also has a cash-laden investor in Microsoft, which owns 7.4 percent of Comcast -- although Microsoft is saying nothing about the matter.
By acquiring Telepiu, the News Corporation could essentially become Italy's monopoly provider of pay television.
Yahoo Inc intends to change way its charges sellers on its auction site in effort to discourage frivolous postings (S)
Unsolicited junk e-mail on Internet has actually increased since passage last year of sweeping federal antispam law; it now totals 80 percent or more of all e-mail sent, up from 60 percent before law went into effect; antispam crusaders have long argued that law would make spam problem worse by effectively giving bulk advertisers permission to send junk e-mail as long as they follow certain rules; not everyone agrees that law is to blame; lawsuits invoking new law have been mounted by large Internet companies like Microsoft, AOL and Yahoo in name of combating problem; so far, spam trade has foiled most efforts to bring it under control; some so-called bulletproof Web host services offer spam-friendly merchants access to stable offshore computer servers where they can park their Web sites, with promise that they will not be shut down because of spam complaints; Sen Conrad Burns, antispam law's chief sponsor, suggests that Federal Trade Commission, which oversees its enforcement, might simply need some nudging; photo; graph (M)
Remedy For Microsoft Is Inadequate
Gemstar also contends that DirecTV, the nation's leading satellite TV provider, is using Gemstar patents for its onscreen guide, but Gemstar has not taken any legal action -- which makes sense considering that News Corporation is trying to purchase DirecTV.
Since then, Coca-Cola products have been under suspicion in European lands from Portugal to Germany.
Gray Davis of California during last summer's electricity crisis even as Citigroup worked for energy companies that were selling power to the state.
One reason is that the Government is seeking court-mandated changes in Microsoft's business practices rather than the monetary damages usually sought by plaintiffs in private cases.
The cuts at Boeing are coming in its commercial airplanes unit, which is expecting fewer orders.
The prospect of litigation with regulators came as Morgan Stanley, which acquired Dean Witter in 1997, was battling the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission over sexual discrimination complaints and trying to recover from a public battle with a former employee who said he had been fired because he was black and perceived to be gay.
In a letter to Oracle executives Saturday night, A. George Battle, a PeopleSoft director who heads the committee charged with reviewing the offer, urged the company to raise its offer.
Shareholders of AMR, the parent company of American Airlines, rejected at the annual meeting on Wednesday two proposals aimed at setting controls on executive pay.
Hackers ruled the Net long before Amazon sold its first book, and  the recent attacks served notice that they can shut down parts of the Internet any time they choose.
Pfizer said only that the studies showed patients ''experienced no clinically important effects on pulmonary function.''
Motorola's case had already became a cautionary tale about doing business in Russia, where despite the great economic gains in recent years, demands for kickbacks and bribes are an everyday part of life.
Profile of John W Meriwether, founder of Long-Term Capital Management, private hedge fund that is at center of $90 billion storm, a storm that led to this week's $3.5 billion bailout of fund orchestrated by Federal Reserve Bank of New York; article says those who put up cash for bailout, including Merrill Lynch, J P Morgan, Morgan Stanley Dean Witter, Goldman, Sachs and Chase Manhattan, acquired 90 percent of Meriwether's company; graph; photos of Meriwether and partners David W Mullins Jr, Myrom S Scholes and Robert C Merton(M)
The appeal by the cabinet-level officers, followed by Intel's announcement that it would not meet China's deadline, suggests that the standards dispute is being seen by both Silicon Valley and Washington as the leading edge of a broad array of emerging trade disagreements with China.
It is not clear what effect all this will have on Wal-Mart itself, traditionally a company not given to lavish pay or perks of any kind.
Microsoft Corp offers series of narrow restrictions on its behavior that it says would be more appropriate remedies than breaking up company; continues to reject antitrust findings against it; Microsoft's counterproposal is four-year plan largely governing its relations with computer makers and software developers; company also asks judge to throw out government's breakup proposal immediately; Microsoft argues that since company achieved its monopoly position by legal means, government has no right to 'dismember' company; photo; chart with Microsoft's arguments against government's breakup proposal (M)
At the same time, Intel executives said they were not seeing the signs of a price war among chip makers, or of a widespread drop in demand for personal computers -- fears of which may be causing investors to drive down the stock prices across the board in the sector.
Despite the impassioned talk, and the bitter feelings that exist on both sides, legal analysts say that an unorthodox ruling by the judge in March -- which in essence shifted the burden of proof to Morgan Stanley instead of the plaintiff -- may hasten the prospect of a settlement, given the possibility that an appeals court may reduce the punitive award.
Dell, which sells PC's based on Intel's Centrino wireless chip set, said it did not foresee any disruption in sales of its notebook computers in China if Intel failed to comply with the Chinese standard, known as WAPI.
At a time when few new carriers have emerged worldwide and several in the United States have gone bankrupt, Mr. Abed, who is now 40, has built an airline called Taesa into Mexico's third largest, after Aeromexico and Mexicana Airlines.
And in some industries, others said, a unified Citigroup team can be a big disadvantage.
Survey by bank regulators shows loan losses continued to rise at banks and other institutions, mostly because of faltering telecommunications and cable companies; finds total amount of bad loans rose by more than third from year earlier, but only 11 percent were at US banks; J P Morgan Chase set off decline in September when it said write-offs and additions to its reserves against potential losses on loans to companies would risse to $1.4 billion in third quarter, up from $302 million in second quarter; other banks that have warned of rising loan losses include Bank of New York, Comerica and Northern Trust; bank stocks have declined more than 12 percent since J P Morgan's announcement; graph (M)
After the ruling on Tuesday afternoon, Paul Maritz, a Microsoft group vice president, said that the company was weighing its options and that ''the option of not supporting Java is open to us.''
He said he had embarked on his research after failing to find any documentation to support a contention made during the trial by John Rose, a Compaq Computer executive and Microsoft witness, that the 70,000 applications were the reason that Compaq shipped Windows with its computers.
The Cruel News Network logo accompanied an opinion column in the business section decrying how the layoffs were carried out, but the Cheap News Network logo ran with a news article.
Timing the introduction to build demand heading into the Christmas quarter, Apple described several new features aimed at home buyers.
Airbus, the main subsidiary of the European Aeronautic, Space and Defense Company, said it regretted the FedEx decision.
At Wal-Mart's office, there are faux hardwood floors, a far cry from the commercial carpet at the company's headquarters in Arkansas, and, on a recent visit, contemporary stools from Design Within Reach.
Last week, Eisai, a Japanese pharmaceutical company, announced that it had broken off negotiations with Cardinal Health and warned patients of potential disruptions in the supply of drugs to treat Alzheimer's, epilepsy and gastrointestinal problems.
is eyeing a niche that it believes Airbus and Boeing are neglecting by focusing on bigger planes -- a niche Embraer specifically avoided when it started developing its new planes -- the ''big dogs' yard,'' Mr. Botelho calls it.
In the past, however, Comcast and Cox have not been pleased to confront AT&T in At Home's boardroom.
Another concern centered on how long it seemed to be taking to address problems previously identified as priorities, like reorganizing Interpublic's lagging media operations, particularly as Omnicom and WPP keep thriving.
News Corp. May Walk Away From Italian Pay TV Deal
The expediting act, thus, enables the government to circumvent an appeals court that has already handed a significant defeat to the government by overturning a Microsoft decision by Judge Jackson and, with the same reasoning, could do it again.
Responding to the Vioxx withdrawal, Pfizer said in October that no completed study had ever shown any increased heart risks related to Celebrex.
Executives at America Online and Time Warner acknowledged yesterday that they wanted the cable company to reach a deal as soon as possible, knowing that Time Warner had made a blunder by letting the dispute become so open that it drew unwanted attention to the proposed merger between the companies.
Motorola Inc says it will eliminate 15,000 jobs, or 10 percent of its work force, and take $1.95 billion charge against second-quarter earnings, indication of tough times in seminconductor industry; Motorola also warns that it will report operating loss for second quarter, its first plunge into the red since semiconductor industry slump of 1985; Motorola has also suffered from loss in demand for many of its cellular phones, pagers and other products; among problems facing Motorola is market loss in Asia and failure to move fast enough from analog into digital wireless phone technology (M)
Jeffrey R. Immelt, chairman and chief executive of General Electric, bounced a $2,000 check to the failed New York gubernatorial campaign of William F. Weld, according to a campaign finance filing released Monday.
Whatever agony Microsoft might be feeling two and a half years after the antitrust case was brought, it is nonetheless pushing ahead on a variety of fronts to move into new markets and consolidate existing ones.
Some companies are balking at a new Office licensing program -- going into effect on July 31 -- that abandons some traditional discounts and seeks to persuade corporate customers to sign up for automatic upgrades, making it more a subscription business for Microsoft.
Last week, Havas disclosed a first-half net loss of $64.9 million -- almost three times the $22.1 million lost by Interpublic in the same period, the trade publication Advertising Age noted -- and announced a reorganization that included layoffs and the closing or sale of 20 agencies.
He insists that Pfizer -- the entire industry, for that matter -- is on the verge of a new age of drug discovery, one that will turn cancer, diabetes and other debilitating illnesses into manageable conditions.
The Adelphia Communications Corporation, the country's fifth-largest cable provider, said yesterday that it had proposed a new plan that would settle some legal disputes with creditors so it could exit bankruptcy and be sold to Time Warner Cable and Comcast.
New advertising for Viagra that depicts men who take it as devilish drew criticism from the Food and Drug Administration, leading its maker, Pfizer, to say yesterday that it would discontinue the campaign.
Northrop Grumman has suffered also from the Clinton Administration's severe curtailment of the B-2 stealth bomber program.
The Chevrolet Aveo from General Motors, the Hyundai Accent and the Kia Rio also performed unacceptably in side-impact tests, even though side air bags are standard.
State Department, yielding to pressure from Rep Frank Wolf and responding to fears that its security might be breached by secretly placed device or hidden software, agrees to keep personal computers made by Lenovo of China off its networks that handle classified government messages and documents; Lenovo executive Jeffrey Carlisle dismisses fears, saying machines will be made in Mexico and North Carolina at plants purchased from IBM; photo (M)
A dispute like the one involving Morgan Stanley and Kirkland & Ellis is highly unusual.
''There's no question it dramatically changes the competitive position of Intel's products.''
Microsoft said its motion would be framed by a Federal appeals court ruling in June that struck down an earlier preliminary injunction issued by Judge Jackson requiring Microsoft to offer Windows without its  browser.
Yahoo names David Rosensweig chief operating officer, replacing Jeffrey Mallet, who announced his resignation in January; photo (S)
Moody's Investors Service downgrades Nassau County's credit to near-junk status; county is confronted with budget deficit of over $200 million after years of growth in spending that was not matched by tax increases; its bonds were downgraded by Standard & Poor's on June 29; Budget DirMichael Fabiano accuses Democrats of blocking bailout of county for 'partisan political reasons' (M)
*When the Compaq Computer Corporation considered loading Netscape's browser instead of Microsoft's on its machines, Microsoft threatened to stop selling its Windows operating system to the big personal computer maker.
Moody's Investors Service lowers its credit rating on Japan's yen debts for second time in three months; says outlook remains negative, signaling chance of another cut in next 18 months; Moody's is lone major agency to rate Japan's debts in yen and in foreign currency differently; latest action does not affect foreign-currency rating, which is Aa1 with stable outlook, two notches higher than that for yen debts (M)
A senior Microsoft official acknowledged in Federal court today that the company's contracts had prohibited Internet service providers from offering its browser on the same Web page as its main competition because Microsoft executives ''thought we would lose in a side-by-side choice.''
The settlements do not create precedents to the extent they would had the cases been litigated, but they serve notice on banks and other financial institutions that they will face major legal difficulties if they are caught engaging in transactions similar to the ones that Citigroup and J. P. Morgan did with Enron before that company went broke.
Boston Scientific has agreed to pay its former stent-making partner, Medinol, $750 million to end the bitter legal battles in this country and abroad that arose from the breakdown of their relationship.
As the strike drags on, Verizon has tried to deal with a growing number of requests for telephone service, for repair of existing service and vandalism.
warned Pfizer that its television ads appearing just before Valentine's Day had failed to warn properly about Viagra's possible side effects.
Shares of Frontier Plunge on Expected Loss of Phone Revenue
Now that the government has firmly rejected United's request for more than $1 billion in loan guarantees, the airline will be asking its bankers at J.P. Morgan and Citigroup to fill the gap.
The documents filed by Miller's lawyers include reports by a private-investigation company that Coca-Cola Enterprises hired around the time the lawsuit was filed to look into business practices at B. K. Miller, among others.
Bridgestone/Firestone Inc asks US Transportation Department to open safety investigation of Ford Explorer sport utility vehicle, contending that Explorer's design makes it prone to rollover crashes when tire fails; is trying to salvage its brand name by persuading public that deaths in crashes of Explorers equipped with Firestone tires were fault of vehicle; Ford Motor Co has said tires are responsible (M)
After 137 years as an independent firm and 7 years as a public company, Goldman Sachs exudes mystique as no other firm does.
Financial analysts say that others typically pay Yahoo $2 to $3 a month for each subscriber.
His current dispute with Microsoft revolves around an arcane software standard known as XML, or extensible markup language.
Instead, Wal-Mart said yesterday it had struck a deal to refer its online video rental customers to Netflix.
The board was concerned that his departure would leave Disney vulnerable to the Comcast, which has made a hostile bid for the company.
Why did Time Warner give Mr. Murdoch what he wanted, when Time Warner was defeating him at every legal juncture?
Microsoft plans to call David Colburn, a senior America Online executive, as a hostile witness to question him about earlier testimony and how it related to the acquisition plans.
The French Yahoo ruling ''really puts free expression and communication in jeopardy on the Net,'' Mr. Davidson said, warning that online speech could sink to a single country's lowest-common-denominator standard.
News Corporation executives declined to comment directly when asked if Mr. Murdoch spoke for the company, although Gary Ginsberg, executive vice president for corporate communications, said ''The company has no position on these issues.''
Procter's sales of Pringles have fallen about 11 percent, to $245 million, I.R.I.
The critical product development function for search, will report to Jeff Weiner, Yahoo's senior vice president for search.
LABOR battles are often fought on the picket lines, but Verizon and its largest union are dueling to get the upper hand in an unusual battle of newspaper ads and spot broadcast messages.
Some analysts expect General Mills to sell brands that do not fit its portfolio.
''In terms of Apple diverging from its typical design, I'm not too sure how much they'd be willing to go along, other than what they've presented so far.''
The board of MCI chose Verizon's bid over Qwest's because it said that it was not comfortable with the financial stability of Qwest and the long-term value of its stock, according to people involved in the discussions.
Mr. Perelman's lawyers contended that Morgan Stanley did not disclose this damaging information because it would earn $33 million from advising Sunbeam and underwriting the bond offering, once the deal closed.
And Mr. Murdoch, whose News Corporation was the losing bidder for DirecTV, has amassed a powerful anti-EchoStar lobbying effort, arguing that the merger would not only give consumers fewer choices but also give television programmers fewer competing buyers for their shows.
JPMorgan was never formally retained by Dow Chemical to pursue a sale, and it is unclear whether Mr. Reinhard and Mr. Kreinberg represented themselves to the bank as authorized to engage in such preliminary discussions.
At Costco, where members pay a $45 annual fee, no wine is marked up more than 14 percent, and some barely at all; wine stores customarily mark up as much as 50 percent.
Boeing is estimated to have lost $1 billion in government contracts as a result of the suspension.
Ms. Schieffelin, 42, was a successful bond saleswoman for Morgan Stanley, earning more than $1.3 million a year, when she first complained that she had been denied a promotion to managing director because of her sex.
Boeing's current timidity is a result of a disastrous attempt in the mid-1990's to deal a death blow to Airbus.
This overview reduces complexity and cuts down on overall costs, Cisco said.
Waste Management Inc, troubled market leader in garbage business, and USA Waste Services Inc, rapidly growing rival, announce unusual merger that values Waste Management at more than $13 billion and leaves stockholders owning majority of stock, but USA Waste's top management in charge; Waste Management shareholders will control about 60 percent of new company; new company will also take over roughly $7 billion in Waste Management debt; merged company will be called Waste Management; charts
Court TV, which has suffered ratings decline, remains unsure of its future as three co-owners haggle about how to sell it; owners are Time Warner, Liberty Media and NBC (S)
Ms. Hurt of AT&T said her company had chosen not to incur ''the cost of developing the technology to support'' such access.
If that happened, users of PeopleSoft products would have the unpalatable choice of moving to Oracle software, which many already rejected in favor of PeopleSoft's, or be left with obsolete software.
P&O Princess Rejects Carnival's Higher Bid
Draft decision to block proposed acquisition of Honeywell International by General Electric Co is endorsed by panel of European regulators; competition regulators from 15 nations of European Union, except Greece, meet with their counterparts at European Commission to give their opinions on proposed decision (M)
''We're waiting on him,'' Mr. Stonecipher said, adding that a delay in a decision has already cost Boeing business with the Australian government, which recently bought aerial tankers from rival Airbus instead.
There would be some irony in such a rise for I.B.M.
Over the last few quarters, Intel has struggled to overcome an inventory glut.
Time Warner is often held up as a textbook example of such failures.
AT&T Corp's board rejects Comcast Corp's unsolicited bid to acquire AT&T's cable operation but also delays its own plan to spin off cable unit as independent company; says $44.5 billion offer does not reflect full value of cable unit (M)
General Motors continues to sell its 2004 Saturn Vue despite voluntary recall of about 25,000 vehicles in August after government tests showed Vue's suspension system collapsed during rollover testing; GM has sold more than 10,000 in last three months from dealer lots, and most of them were not fixed before they were sold; GM has fixed only few thousand of quarter-million existing Vue models because it takes time to procure new suspension parts for so many vehicles; 2005 models were fixed before they left factories; photos (M)
''Leakage is an undeniable component of battery consumption,'' said Rob Willoner, a technology analyst at Intel.
The commissioners could also ban AT&T from charging clients extra fees to gain priority access to its networks.
As American International Group, the giant insurance company, tries to emerge from a dark cloud of accounting improprieties and regulatory investigations, a highly unusual battle is brewing over a Barbados-based offshore reinsurance company.
Patti Smith, a spokeswoman for Amazon, said that it believed that authors and publishers were wrong to complain.
The Cleveland Clinic gave an apparent reprieve to a controversial Johnson & Johnson heart failure treatment yesterday when a committee overruled more than four dozen of its cardiologists by deciding that the drug, Natrecor, would remain in use at the clinic.
Pfizer estimated that seven million people could qualify for its program, which will be available to individuals with gross incomes under $18,000 a year and couples with incomes below $24,000.
Citigroup Says It Will Cut 10,400 Jobs
''I'm expressing my disappointment and frustration that this restatement issue has haunted Interpublic,'' Mr. Dooner said during the conference call.
Even though the TaxCut Web page (www.taxcut.com) still exists, the company tries to steer people to the H&R Block home page.
The deal, which could be completed this week, would be a coup for Merrill Lynch and a disappointment for John J. Mack, the chief executive of Morgan Stanley, who just weeks ago had pursued a similar agreement with BlackRock and its chief executive, Laurence D. Fink.
During the call, Mr. Bell dismissed a question from William Bird, the analyst for Smith Barney, who wondered whether Interpublic might be better off if it were broken up.
Disney has long feared that AOL Time Warner could block it from offering interactive services linked to its ABC and ESPN television networks.
AT&T Corp will acquire full control of At Home Corp, nation's largest provider of Internet service over cable systems, bolstering its plan to deliver high-speed Internet access over cable television lines; Comcast Corp and Cox Communications Inc, other major shareholders, will resign from board and relinquish veto power; AT&T will gain 74 percent voting control, but not outright ownership of company, which has been riven by strategic disagreements among major shareholders since it became investor in 1999 (M)
Bank of America and FleetBoston, which managed a total of $194 billion in mutual fund assets at the end of 2003, said they would cut their fees by $160 million over the next five years, an action Mr. Spitzer has insisted on in his fund settlements.
As leverage, the suit said, Intel refused to give Intergraph the product data books that set out the specifications for Intel's Pentium II family of microprocessors.
Apple also announced the resignation of Heidi Roizen, the 38-year-old founder of a Silicon Valley software company, who had joined Apple last February as part of an effort to court the crucial community of third-party software developers that write programs for the Macintosh.
General Motors posted a 2.6 percent drop in sales for July from its record level a year earlier, as a 22.8 percent jump in sales of small Saturn cars failed to offset weak sales of minivans, small pickup trucks and large sport utility vehicles.
For Merck, Defense of a Drug Crumbles at a Difficult Time
CSX Plans Job Cuts, Big Charge
Last week, Microsoft and the company's legal adversaries, the Justice Department and 19 state attorneys general, worked out an agreement at the court's request to divide the argument into segments dedicated to the various areas in which Microsoft has been found guilty, including illegal efforts to maintain a monopoly and illegal linking of two products.
Joining its crosstown rivals in responding to a rapid deterioration in the auto market, the Ford Motor Company announced sharp production cutbacks today -- including the closing of 13 of its 18 North American factories during the third week of January -- and lowered its forecast of fourth-quarter earnings for the second time in three weeks.
The worry among antitrust officials is that Microsoft's Windows dominance could give the company control of the gateway to Internet commerce, which is expected to be a linchpin of the economy of the future.
Despite satisfaction that the merger has been completed, Time Warner's chairman, Gerald M. Levin, now faces the more difficult problem of cutting its debt of $17 billion.
On Monday alone, Microsoft's stock was off 6 percent, and Intel's almost 12 percent.
The move marks a significant strategic shift by Morgan Stanley that carries several risks.
Correction:  May 8, 2000, Monday  Because of an editing error, a front-page article on Wednesday about the dispute between Time Warner and ABC over cable television retransmission fees misspelled the name of the company that is joining with ABC to install home satellite dishes.
The giant media services agency owned by the Interpublic Group of Companies, Western Initiative Media Worldwide, is being renamed because, executives said, research showed that advertisers perceived ''Western'' to be limited in scope.
Some of Microsoft's largest competitors voiced bitter disappointment about the terms of the proposed deal and asserted that the company had used its political influence with a Republican administration to try to quickly put an end to the case.
A Microsoft executive disputed this, saying the company was developing software in this area.
Others noted that after the day's regular trading session ended, Motorola, a leading maker of cellular telephones and semiconductors, announced a worse-than-expected quarterly loss.
For instance, an analysis last month by USA Today showed that Interpublic shares were among the worst performers in the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index since a bull market began in October 2002.
FedEx, meanwhile, has been emphasizing ground shipments of small packages and other methods to shore up a lagging document-delivery business.
Mr. Schmalensee testified that the small competitors nipping at Microsoft's operating system business should be considered serious threats.
Comcast Cable to offer RealNetworks's Rhapsody online music service to its nearly 5 million broadband Internet service subscribers; Rhapsody subscribers pay monthy fee to select songs to be played through their Internet connection and pay extra to download specific songs (M)
Coca-Cola of Atlanta, the world's leading soft drink producer, denied the accusations made by the merger partners in Companhia de Bebidas das Americas, known as AmBev.
Even though Yahoo could do the same, it says that for now such an approach is not helpful to advertisers.
Taken together, though, the reports, from Marsh & McLennan and Carr Futures, among others, indisputably form the core of a sad but essential Sept. 11 library.
Wal-Mart has not supported any of those organizations in the past.
But Ms. Miller says that she never was a true believer -- and, likewise, that she has not lost all faith, despite the turnabout that has slashed Priceline's share price by more than 90 percent and left her options on the company's stock virtually worthless.
Public doubt about Microsoft's compliance is surfacing a year to the day after the collapse of settlement talks aimed at resolving the antitrust suit between Microsoft's chief executive, Steven A. Ballmer, and Mario Monti, the European competition commissioner at the time.
For airline tickets, for example, Expedia charges a $5 fee to consumers that the airlines don't charge on their sites.
American corporations could see an end to the price war of recent years in telephone and Internet services as a result of the sudden consolidation in telecommunications that was punctuated by yesterday's announcement that Verizon Communications would acquire MCI for $6.7 billion.
Two studies find that rare but serious side effect associated with Eprex, anemia drug from Johnson & Johnson that is sold overseas, has been sharply reduced by changes in packaging and administration of drug; virtually identical US drugs, genetically engineered version of erythropoietin or EPO, caused far fewer cases of side effect, pure red cell aplasia, and two studies suggest explanation; damage to Johnson & Johnson's sales might not be reversed easily, and incident has raised questions about monitoring of drugs already onmarket and about safety of drug imports (M)
US AIRWAYS EMPHASIZES GLOBAL NETWORKS -- As it battles Southwest Airlines in Philadelphia, US Airways has begun emphasizing the value of its international routes.
This eliminates extensions from non-Apple applications, which are often the cause of RAM-related problems.
Noting that Micron had expressed concern about ''the viability of the remaining company,'' the board said the plan overestimated its revenue and left it saddled with more debt than it could handle, risking a new collapse.
has already ordered Pfizer to place a black box warning on its other COX-2 drug, Bextra.
World Trade Organization appeals panel upholds ruling against Canada's laws on importing automotive products; it affirms decision last fall that 1965 Canada-US auto pact violated free trade rules by giving subsidies to American manufacturers, including Ford Motor and General Motors; Toyota Canada issued statement urging Canadian government to lower duties for all manufacturers or force American automakers to repay 'illegal subsidies they have received over the past few years' (S)
The merger of Citicorp and Travelers that created Citigroup might have to be restructured if changes in those laws are not approved this year.
Citigroup's shares may also have been hurt by worries that its consumer business could suffer if the Federal Reserve raises interest rates this year.
Among the most likely suitors are General Dynamics, which lost last year's battle over Newport News to Northrop Grumman, and Lockheed Martin, though neither have yet to say whether they plan to bid for TRW.
No longer the computer industry's reactionary, I.B.M.
If Amazon.com takes over the operation of more and more retail sites, my household budget may be in real trouble.
Apple executives also denied that reports of problems with iPod minis were serious or widespread.
His death was announced by General Motors.
prevailed in a similar case in California, the company yesterday settled a lawsuit filed in White Plains by a woman who claimed she suffered birth defects as a result of her mother's working conditions at I.B.M.
''It really was a fire drill,'' said Gerard J. Lewis, Comcast's chief privacy officer.
Amazon.com reports loss of $317 million in second quarter, slightly less than analysts expected; posts sales of $578 million, up 84 percent from year earlier; Amazon's chief executive Jeffrey P Bezos plays down shortfall (M)
But the World Wide Web browser war that erupted in 1996, when Microsoft launched the market equivalent of a thermonuclear attack on Netscape's Navigator, brought that fairy tale to an abrupt end.
The American International Group, the insurance giant under scrutiny for using transactions to improve its financial statements, will have to delay the filing of its annual 10-K report as it continues to wade through extensive accounting problems, people briefed on the continuing investigation said last night.
Pfizer Extends Florida Program for Poor
Even as Microsoft prepares to face penalties from the European Union, which accuses the company of abusing the Windows monopoly, new details about the tactics Microsoft used to secure a dominant position in software markets for nearly two decades are emerging in a state courthouse in Minneapolis.
A group of investors stand to lose most of the $360 million they put into the venture, the Priceline WebHouse Club, which is privately held.
For example, the Chery Automobile Company, one of China's largest automakers, has been accused of mimicking the designs of General Motors and Volkswagen.
On Monday, Moody's lowered the credit rating of Philip Morris's parent, Altria, and Standard & Poor's said that it could lower the company's rating below investment grade, or to junk bond status.
Citigroup's shares have also been hit by worries about its corporate lending business, the third largest in the nation.
Daniel Wylie is suing American Airlines and Boeing Co in Federal District Court, San Francisco, accusing them of failing to take proper preventive measures that would help passengers avoid blood clots; Wylie's lawsuit is coupled with one from Debra Miller, who accuses Air France, Continental Airlines and Boeing of same failure; her complaint says she developed lift-threatening clot on two-stage flight to San Francisco after running in Paris Marathon in April 2001; suits could be first of their kind to go to trial in US, after District Judge Vaughn R Walker ruled against defendants' motion to dismiss case in July; lawsuit focuses attention on question of what kind of role air travel may play in causing blood clots, and what actions, if any, airlines should take in warning passengers and recommending preventive measures; chart; photo (M)
Intel had warned investors in July that the company was experiencing an unexpected decline in profit margins as a result of inventory and manufacturing problems.
Oracle Shares Tumble 9% Over Warning On Earnings
About 20 million people took Vioxx between May 1999, when Merck began selling the drug, and September 2004, when Merck withdrew Vioxx from the market after a clinical trial showed that it was linked to heart attacks and strokes.
But publishers fear other advertisers could eventually deliver their ads in a manner similar to I.B.M.
One large shareholder, T. Rowe Price Associates, which owns about 29 million Citigroup shares, said it did not see corporate governance problems at the bank.
In this case, Microsoft early on recognized middleware as the Trojan horse that, once having, in effect, infiltrated the applications barrier, could enable rival operating systems to enter the market for Intel-compatible PC operating systems unimpeded.
The board of the Walt Disney Company said Monday that it had unanimously rejected the $54 billion unsolicited stock offer from the Comcast Corporation because it was too low.
Technology Briefing
If Intel loses in the administrative proceeding, and also at the next level -- before the full commission -- the company would have the right to select the Federal circuit court in which to file its appeal.
The fight over cash-balance pensions has moved to Congress, where lobbyists and Congressional aides say the dispute over I.B.M.
As Microsoft explains in its memorandum in support of summary rejection of the government's breakup proposal, such radical relief is unprecedented and wholly inappropriate given the antitrust violations found by the Court -- which relate principally to Microsoft's development and distribution of Web browsing software in competition with Netscape.
Worried that this case would anger and perhaps chase away many women shoppers, Wal-Mart has spent millions of dollars on television spots showing how well it treats women.
Even the appeals court ruling, which held the company liable for repeatedly violating antitrust laws, said that it had ''causal connection'' between Microsoft's illegal conduct and its monopoly position ''only through inference.''
Ford Motor Co reports better-than-expected second-quarter earnings and return to profitability after four quarters in red; says it expects to lose money in third quarter and has not made enough progress on cutting costs; chief finanical officer Allan Gilmour comments; Ford earned $570 million compared with loss of $752 million year earlier; revenue was $42.3 billion, equal to year ago; market share continued to erode, falling to 21.3 percent, down nearly two percentage points from year earlier; photo (M)
TEXAS INSTRUMENTS AGAIN LOWERS PROJECTIONS
But some industry analysts question whether Oracle is feeling acute pressure in its database business because I.B.M.
''General Electric doesn't want to transform this competition issue into a U.S.-Europe problem,'' he said.
One tactic being tried by Stephen M. Case, the chairman and chief executive of America Online, and Gerald M. Levin, his counterpart at Time Warner, is to argue that the two businesses are not really that different.
A.T.& T. infuriated the unions earlier this year by saying that advances in voice-recognition computers could allow it to replace as much as one-third of its 18,000 operators by the end of 1993.
Six weeks ago, Cisco filed a lawsuit in federal court in San Francisco over Apple's planned use of the name for its much anticipated multimedia device, which combines the features of a mobile phone, an iPod and a BlackBerry.
The 14 remaining class members have yet to be paid, largely because Coke has had difficulty locating them, it said.
Expectations are high, and Intel is desperate to sell to one of the major phone makers.
AT&T, which acquired NCR in September 1991 after a long, hostile takeover battle, never really combined the strengths it had envisioned between computers  and communications.
Mr. Conway insists that an offer from Oracle, at no matter what price, ''doesn't change the fact that it wouldn't be approved by the Justice Department and European Union.''
But analysts say Xerox's huge debt is an effective poison pill.
Bundling applications like Media Player, the e-mail program Outlook, and the word processing program Word into Windows is a tried-and-tested business model that answers customers' needs for all-inclusive software packages, Microsoft argues.
Boston Scientific, like other device makers, receives numerous complaints from doctors and patients about problems stemming from how products are designed or used.
Adding to Northrop Grumman's woes is a heavy debt load taken on to finance the $3 billion purchase of the military electronics line of the Westinghouse Electric Corporation last March.
The consumer digital camera business is now run by Yusuke Kojima, a former Olympus executive, who said he would soon reintroduce Kodak cameras to Japan, where they have never sold well.
Joyti De-Laurey, former Goldman Sachs secretary in London, is found guilty there of embezzling at least $7 million from private accounts of E Scott Mead and other of her bosses in elaborate fraud in which she secretly wired blocks of money to bank accounts in Cyprus; contended that she was authorized to take money; judge refuses to grant her bail before sentencing hearing, calling her behavior despicable; trial drew attention on both sides of Atlantic for its details on De-Laurey's conspicuous consumption; De-Laurey's husband and mother are found guilty of money laundering; photo (M)
In the first six months of this year alone, Merck spent an estimated $45 million advertising the drug.
And the growth in the applications business was lower by half than the projection Oracle made March 1, when it said its quarterly returns would be sharply disappointing, results the company attributed to abrupt decisions by clients to delay new software purchases.
Clorox is traditionally reticent to discuss advertising budgets, and S.O.S's is no exception.
Besides, he added, the tricky matter of trying to determine if a price is below some technical definition of its cost to produce does not apply because ''Microsoft distributes its browser at a zero price,'' though it has spent more than $100 million a year since 1995 on browser development.
But one person familiar with the situation said that in the last two weeks Apple board members, led by the vice chairman A. C. Markkula Jr., an original backer of Apple and major shareholder, met to discuss Apple's problems without Mr. Amelio present.
Robin Gross, a lawyer for the foundation, said that the group had been able to convince Adobe that supporting the prosecution would hurt its business.
Allen S. Weiner, a professor of international law at Stanford, said it was unclear whether the law would apply to a company like Yahoo, which is only accused of having contributed indirectly to Mr. Wang's predicament.
Johnson & Johnson, the medical products giant, has indicated to the Guidant Corporation that it wants to renegotiate a lower price than the $25.4 billion it agreed to pay in December, two people involved in the talks said.
Citigroup, major lender to Enron Corp, decided 18 months ago to protect itself in unlikely event that its borrower faltered; Citigroup created securities that functioned like insurance policy; if Enron stayed healthy, buyers of securities would receive steady return; but if Enron ran into trouble, Citigroup would stop paying return, keep investors' principal and instead give them Enron debt; now those investors are left to fight for repayment in bankruptcy proceedings; securities, totaling $1.4 billion, were issued from August 2000 to May 2001; securities appear to cover Citigroup's potential losses from Enron; Citigroup has put its Enron loan exposure at $1.2 billion; chart (M)
Interpublic is scheduled to update analysts today on a delay in issuing its financial reports for 2004; the delay was disclosed Friday.
The scandals, along with anxieties about the FleetBoston merger, have taken their toll on Bank of America's stock.
Brian J Brooks to leave as Interpublic Group of Companies chief human resources officer to become consultant for company (S)
MOTOROLA CUTTING 300 JOBS
The Gypsies are basing their case largely on accusations in a controversial book by Edwin Black, ''I.B.M.
So it is not surprising that two telephones-cum-organizer computers introduced by Motorola this week come loaded with Borkov, a game from Sega.
Some of the Home Depot athletes will fail to qualify for the Sydney Games.
The mock Campbell's can has a red and white label and the word ''Condensed'' appears in the same typeface as the word ''Campbell's'' normally does.
The temporary shortage of Motorola chips has to be viewed in light of the strong demand for Apple's new products and its continuing recovery, Mr. Jobs said.
Kenneth D. Lewis, Bank of America's chairman and chief executive, sounded an upbeat note, suggesting that any trouble from an inverted yield curve might be over.
''A lot of the people who are at the center of Google had done hand-to-hand combat with Microsoft in the 90's, and I don't think they have forgotten,'' observed John Battelle, the editor of SearchBlog, a Web log on search technology.
Intel said the cuts would not come in any specific area but that each business unit would assess its level of employment and be asked to identify jobs that could be cut.
Not surprisingly, the video, which Mr. Finkelstein says has been viewed by about 200,000 people, is now causing Comcast to lose sleep.
Motorola reports net loss of $203 million for quarter ended July 3; earned 21 cents a share, absent one-time adjustments, beating analysts estimates; EMC, data storage leader, reports second-quarter net income jumped to $192.8 million from $81.7 million in 2003 period; Sun Microsystems reports net income of $795 million for fiscal fourth quarter ended June 30 (M)
In one example, a Morgan Stanley sales representative indicated that his customer would buy in the aftermarket of an offering of McAfee ''around $20 a share'' but the customer ''understands they might have to pay higher initially.''
Cisco Sees No Upturn Soon for Technology Spending
The Coca-Cola Company and the plaintiffs in a class-action discrimination lawsuit against the company said yesterday that Alexis M. Herman, the former labor secretary, would be the chairwoman of a panel that will oversee the company's diversity efforts.
Mr. Patel said that whether the price drop will affect Electronic Arts' bottom line depends on whether it can sell enough games to make up for the price drop.
IBM and Stanford University will open joint research program to focus on field of spintronics, designing products based on how electrons spin instead of how they transmit electrical charges; plan underscores reliance of IBM and other big businesses on ties with major universities; effort could lead to far smaller devices with much lower power requirements and fewer problems with heat buildup; photo (M)
No one argues that Microsoft's pricing strategies alone are responsible for the sharp decline of these competing suites.
The development process at Microsoft encourages individuals under deadline pressure to make large changes in products without adequate peer review, said Roy Fielding, chief scientist at Day Software and an open-source developer.
The worst may be over for Kodak, however.
Accordingly, there has been some speculation in the firm that Mr. Mack might select an internal candidate to sidestep the tricky issue of introducing a hard-charging executive from a competing investment bank into Morgan Stanley's prickly and sensitive culture.
Mount Sinai NYU Health reaches $380 million agreement with IBM that includes disaster operations center in Rochester, NY, to duplicate records in case of emergency, and several research and information management projects (S)
Management was disoriented, and Nike and Reebok were parlaying a lethal combination of glitzy sneakers made cheaply in low-wage countries and promotions with American sports superstars into dominance of a market Adidas once ruled uncontested.
Peter Schneider, the chairman of Walt Disney Studios, unexpectedly announced today that he would leave the company to set up a new Broadway production company.
Prince III, 52, who had been Citigroup's chief operating officer and chief legal counsel, comes after months of bad publicity for the investment bank, resulting in a decline in Citigroup's stock.
But Mr. Stonecipher's appointment rattled Boeing's unions, which had battled with him over the years because of his cost-cutting efforts.
In the case, the largest antitrust action ever brought in Europe, the commission found that Microsoft broke European Union law by using a ''near monopoly'' in its Windows operating system to squeeze out rivals in other kinds of software.
Microsoft Corp senior executive Brad Chase completes testimony in company's antitrust trial, reporting that America Online has renewed its contract to equip its users with Microsoft's Internet browser--even though it is buying Netscape Communications, Microsoft's main competitor in browser field; says he expects America Online to abandon Microsoft soon enough, dealing serious blow to Microsoft's effort to make its browser, Internet Explorer, the industry standard; believes America Online has chosen to stick with Microsoft for political reasons because company wants to influence outcome of antitrust case (M)
But this month Coca-Cola Enterprises, Coke's main North American distributor, issued its own earnings warning, and the tension has reached a fever pitch.
And then there is the lawsuit filed Wednesday against Pfizer over Lipitor.
Ford Introduces Its Delayed Internet Shopping Site in 9 States
Some Wal-Mart employees said workers might be afraid to speak up because they have seen coworkers retaliated against -- for instance, transferred to worse shifts when they voiced their complaints.
The spokesman also said the News Corporation had no direct control over EchoStar and no direct financial investment in ''adult'' films.
Wall Street analysts say distribution is a major factor in the pessimism surrounding Whirlpool's stock.
A merger integration team, made up of executives from both companies, is already trying to figure out the quickest way to bring Honeywell people up to speed on Six Sigma, a complicated statistical quality-control method that has radically reduced product defects and administrative costs at Allied Signal.
The company goes where Procter is not ready to go: not only does it manufacture products, it also ships them to consumers.
AT&T's cable television unit, though, lost many more customers in the first quarter than many analysts had expected, and the company appeared to reduce its financial forecast for the unit modestly.
In a 3-to-1 vote, the commission accepted the recommendations of its lawyers to oppose the McKesson Corporation's $1.72 billion acquisition of the Amerisource Health Corporation and Cardinal Health Inc.'s $2.41 billion takeover of the Bergen Brunswig Corporation on the ground that the deals violate antitrust laws.
Merck & Company's decision to stop selling the painkiller Vioxx, one of its most profitable drugs, could hardly have come at a worse time for the company.
The route might be circuitous, the commission says, but Intel's bullying tactics over patent rights could diminish innovation in the market for microprocessors.
Bancroft family, which controls Dow Jones & Co, meets by phone to discuss pledge by Rupert Murdoch to give them seat on board of News Corp if it buys Dow Jones, and to guard independence of company's newspaper Wall Street Journal; group of Wall Street Journal reporters based in China urged Bancroft family in letter dated May 10 to reject Murdoch's bid (M)
Trouble is, Ms. Oliver and Time Warner, CNN's corporate parent, are co-defendants without much of a common cause.
Kimberly-Clark Corp, maker of Kleenex tissues, and TNT, part of Turner Broadcasting System, in unusual promotion aimed at women ages 18 to 49, are collaborating to capitalize on impulse to use tisses to wipe away tears while watching films; Kleenex will be exclusive sponsor of yearlong series of 'tearjerker' movies that TNT will show on Sundays beginning in October (S)
If this argument holds up, it will be harder for the commission to prove that Microsoft has leveraged its dominance of operating PC software into the market for server software.
That is a lower tax rate than AT&T could expect to pay on the same transaction, so the companies may prefer to wait until Comcast acquires AT&T's cable unit.
''Much like market analysts watch the Federal Reserve in order to assess monetary issues, many people look to New York City when it comes to municipal policies,'' said James Thompson Jr., president of Chartwell Information, a market research firm in San Diego that analyzes the waste management industry.
In an interview yesterday, Charles H. Noski, AT&T's chief financial officer, said he did not expect the shrinkage at the consumer unit to stop for ''a few years.''
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration says Bridgestone/Firestone North America has begun first tire recall since government starting using new early warning system created in wake of rollover problems of Ford Explorers equipped with Firestone tires in late 1990's; latest recall involves Firestone and Ford Motor Co; about 290,000 Firestone tires will be replaced on Ford Excursion sport utility vehicles; move comes after accidents that have been linked to five deaths; Ford official says tires, which were made at plant in Joliette, Quebec, were used on about 80,000 Ford Excursions, including 2000, 2001, 2002 and some early 2003 models (M)
He and other CBS News executives continued to defend ''Free Speech'' overall: they cited it as one of the chief lures for young people, and said they had no immediate plans to jettison it.
Correction of chart with Jan 16 article about hostile bid by Simon Property Group for Taubman Centers
Mr. Gilmartin denied analysts' contentions that the sale was needed to help keep Merck as an independent company.
EBay Seller Of Fake Artwork Again Upsets The Auction Site
''This company gives us critical mass in the paper industry,'' said Michael R. Bonsignore, Honeywell's chairman.
Roger Busch letter comments on March 8 article in which Michelle Slatalla related the trouble buying a computer from IBM's Web site
Microsoft made its announcement late in the afternoon after a report by a Goldman, Sachs & Company analyst saying there would be a delay had driven the stock lower.
Investors are also worried that Boston Scientific may end up owing Johnson & Johnson $1 billion or more for patent violations.
Airbus and Boeing have long used orders as a cudgel in their fight, which has sometimes resembled a schoolyard scuffle more than an industrial rivalry.
Amazon Reports Losses of $317 Million in the 2nd Quarter
Netscape's flanking strategy comes as it has increasingly seemed in danger of losing ground to Microsoft, which is competing in the Internet market by giving away the same kind of browser software that Netscape sells.
Such passages seemed clearly intended to warn Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson that splitting up Microsoft would be a dangerous gamble to take with a pillar of the nation's high-technology economy.
Despite years of litigation over the hundreds of patents and a review after the case that has involved eight patent lawyers, Medtronic said yesterday it still did not have an answer to such questions.
In its statement, Morgan Stanley called the award ''legally deficient'' and a result of ''highly prejudicial rulings'' imposed by Judge Maass.
While struggling to find the right mixture of merchandise, Gap significantly ratcheted down its advertising in the last six months -- effectively telling shoppers to take a stroll around the block while its stores got their act together.
Sun's antitrust lawsuit, which also seeks at least $1 billion in damages, is one of several currently before Judge Motz that have been filed in the wake of Microsoft's long-running antitrust battle with the federal government and a coalition of state attorneys general.
Sales at each of the Gap's brands were lower than they were last year in stores open at least a year.
The merger is among several cost-cutting moves being made as Interpublic grapples with financial and operational problems.
Asked if he was worried that his move into Apple might be a bad investment, Prince Walid replied: ''Look, don't forget that in 1991 they said the same thing about Citibank and about my other investments like Canary Wharf and Disneyland.
''The board is concerned that Comcast's multitier voting structure would put AT&T shareowners at a disadvantage in matters of corporate governance,'' Mr. Armstrong said in his letter to Ralph J. Roberts, Comcast's chairman, and Brian L. Roberts, the company's president.
In increasingly gloomy conference calls, Gap executives describe the situation as ''disappointing'' and ''unacceptable.''
Lawyers for four black employees of Coca-Cola Co, who have filed lawsuit accusing company of discrimination against blacks in pay, promotions and performance evaluations, say they have evidence that Coca-Cola executives were shredding documents that might be relevant to case; Cyrus Mehri, lead lawyer for plaintiffs, asks Federal District Judge Richard W Story for sanctions against company; cites June 23 letter from William A Clineburg Jr, one of Coca-Cola's lawyers, denying existence of shredders in room being used to assemble documents for company's defense; Mehri says anonymous letter he received in June said Coke had set up 'document destruction room' to get rid of documents related to suit, which is seeking class-action status to include as many as 1,500 past or present black employees (M)
Intel's agreement to pay $300 million to settle a patent dispute with a tiny chip design company is a vindication for a Silicon Valley technologist who was once considered one of the region's visionaries, then vanished from the scene.
Intel Cancels Revamped Chip
And last June a federal appeals court here issued an opinion that was skeptical of the breakup and made it more difficult to challenge Microsoft's practice of bundling its programs.
The disclosures come at a time of heightened nervousness at Morgan Stanley over compensation.
Cisco Systems Inc falls short of Wall Street's already lowered expectations, reporting revenue of $6.75 billion for second quarter of its 2001 fiscal year, up 55 percent; net income rose to $1.33 billion from $897 million year ago (M)
Newly unsealed court documents show executives and directors of American International Group discussed corporate governance questions in 2002 that had been raised about two private companies, C V Starr and Starr International; regulators are looking at close relationship between AIG and C V Starr and Starr International as part of wide-ranging probe into company's possibly questionable transactions; AIG does business with both entities, which are significant AIG shareholders (M)
Online merchants and manufacturers who sell online are adding multimedia features to their product presentations, something they abandoned two years ago, when they had all they could do keeping sites running and delivering goods on time; operations problems have largely been solved, allowing more time for multimedia dazzle; Nike site illustrates trend; photo (M)
AT&T said it was canceling the service, which connected Notes users over AT&T's telephone network, because it had been made obsolete by the rise of the Internet.
Similarly, labor leaders accuse Verizon of exaggerating workers' pay levels.
But Comcast executives argue that there is no evidence yet that people choose a broadband service based on the goodies that are offered on the home page.
Samantha Turner -- 28, in urgent need of a winter coat -- walked up to the window of the Gap store on Lexington Avenue in Manhattan one night this week and shook her head in confusion.
Federal Judge Rodney W Sippel denies class-action status to antitrust lawsuit that accused some of world's biggest agricultural seed companies of conspiring to fix prices; decision is severe blow to case brought in 1999 by some of nation's most prominent antitrust lawyers, who accused Monsanto Co and other big agricultural seed makers of trying to control booming market in genetically altered seeds in 1990's; companies accused in case--Monsanto, Bayer, Syngenta and Pioneer Hi-Bred--praise Sippel's decision and say case against them has not merit (M)
''We did rigorous research; we did not enter this decision lightly,'' Wendy Clark, senior vice president for advertising at AT&T in San Antonio, said yesterday of the decision to change the name of Cingular, the nation's largest mobile carrier.
Ignoring the judge's assertion that he wanted no more briefs, Microsoft filed a detailed criticism of the government's breakup plan today, the last filing for the record before the judge rules on how to deal with the company's antitrust violations.
Dr. Rost, a vice president for marketing at Pfizer with a history of corporate whistle-blowing, has for the last year publicly criticized the pharmaceutical industry over the price of drugs.
They argue that Marriott, despite its stellar reputation among customers, is not as friendly to many of its financial partners.
Apple's iPod is the only digital media player that has really caught fire with consumers, and many new partnerships are predicated on technology that has yet to be created, especially for antipiracy.
Bonds sold by the finance unit of General Motors slumped to a seven-week low yesterday on signs the automaker was having trouble selling a majority stake in the subsidiary.
Asked if he recalled the violation regarding his threat to stop producing the widely used Microsoft Office program for Apple Computer's Macintosh unless Apple agreed to exclusively install Microsoft's Web browser on its machines, Mr. Gates said the threat was not part of the conduct condemned by the court.
Eastman Kodak Co, which is struggling to make its brand name synonymous with digital photography, charges Sony Corp with infringing on 10 patents that were issued to Kodak from 1987 to 2003; patents covered various aspects of capturing, storing and displaying both still and moving digital images (M)
Mr. Drude wrote Mr. Scott that Jani-King had lost business in 10 stores because a Wal-Mart district manager had given the contracts to illegal immigrants from Eastern Europe.
And FedEx may even retain the Kinko's name, though it is not ready to promise that as yet.
For all of the Federal Trade Commission's charges that Intel had ''sought to extort'' technology from its customers ''in order to preserve its monopoly,'' none are more revealing of the strengths and weaknesses of the Government's case than the accusations by Intergraph.
Lockheed Martin lost 81.25 cents, to $115.5625.
SUES INTEL, SAYING IT VIOLATED ANTITRUST LAWS
Merck had claimed that lawyers for Mr. Ernst's family had not given the company sufficient notice of their plans to call her and that her testimony might unfairly harm the defense.
He had been charged with conspiracy to plant fake E-mail messages on Morgan Stanley's computers.
Merck has no obesity drugs on the market, but it is making the area a priority, said Janet Skidmore, a spokeswoman.
Analysts said that Kodak's announcement was particularly shocking in that the mood among retailers at Photokina, the huge photography exhibition in Germany that is held twice a year and ended this week, was very upbeat.
New batch of lawsuits accuses six big managed care companies of misleading health plan members; latest court actions, filed in federal district court in Miami, accuses insurers--Aetna, Cigna, Foundation Health Systems, Pacificare Health Systems, Prudential Health Care and United Healthcare--of failing to disclose to plan members that they offered rewards to doctors and other employees who denied payments for care and who limited hospital admissions; suits also contend companies defrauded members in violation of federal anti-racketeering law, which provides for treble damages (M)
Oracle's chief financial officer, Jeffrey O. Henley, said today that analysts gathered at the company's OpenWorld trade show here were mistaken if they understood his comments on Tuesday morning to suggest that the company was lowering its revenue and earnings projections.
''It's hard to be a partner with someone who is holding a gun to your head in court,'' observed Will Poole, a Microsoft senior vice president responsible for Windows and its digital media software.
MICROSOFT'S colossal Windows 95 and its two-year-old little brother, Windows CE, do essentially the same thing: act as the computer's central nervous system and traffic cop, determining how all other software will operate.
Look only at the outrage vented at Time Warner by its customers, as well as regulators and lawmakers, when the public could not find out who wanted to be a millionaire.
Microsoft, of course, is betting that on appeal it can whittle down Judge Jackson's harsh ruling, so that the final outcome will not support a breakup or even the kinds of restrictions the Justice Department was proposing last week.
Federal Trade Commission votes, 3-1, to block proposed mergers among nation's four largest drug wholesalers that would have created two of most dominant players in any industry; commission accepts recommendations of its lawyers to oppose McKesson Corp's $1.72 billion acquisition of Amerisource Health Corp and Cardinal Health Inc's $2.41 billion takeover of Bergen Brunswig Corp on ground that deals violate antitrust laws; graph (L)
Halliburton Co, two days before issuing its second-quarter results, warns investors that it will have to take several one-time charges that will result in loss for quarter; news touches off drop of nearly 14 percent in company's stock; charges total about $236 million so far and stem from losses incurred at offshore oil drilling project, write-downs from layoffs and costs related to sale of certain businesses (M)
The Ford Motor Company said today that it would produce fewer Ford Excursion sport utility vehicles during the 2001 model year, but attributed the cutback to weak consumer demand for the vehicle rather than the company's concerns about its safety and environmental problems.
Wal-Mart's purchase of Wertkauf and Interspar saddled it with stores in undesirable locations.
Transcript Tells of Alaska Airlines Pilots' Efforts Before Crash
Hewlett-Packard and STMicroelectronics plan to announce that they are forming research and development partnership to adapt microprocessor that failed commercially when it was introduced for supercomputers in 1980's to new generation of home products; technology, known as VLIW, for 'very long instruction word,' was pioneered by computer designers at Yale University in early 1980's; it was commercialized in mid-80's by Multiflow, Connecticut company that made supercomputers; other computer makers, including Sun Microsystems and Texas Instruments, have also recently turned to VLIW designs for chips used in thousands of consumer products (M)
''And now that they have cornered the network,'' Mr. Simon, a former domestic policy adviser to Vice President Al Gore, said, ''they are putting the network under lock and key by putting Microsoft technology inside the set-top box.''
Editors at several magazines said that they were certain that Time would not allow Pfizer to interfere with the issue's contents, but that the perception of the arrangement might be damaging in readers' minds.
Though a final decision on which software to install has been delayed several times, as has the program's rollout, Mr. Amadeu and some other government officials have publicly criticized Microsoft's proposal, calling the version's abilities too limited.
Executives at Microsoft, U S West and TCI all refused to comment.
Confirming expectations that business was dismal in its recently completed second quarter, Motorola reported late yesterday that it had lost $232 million, or 11 cents a share, from operations, compared with a profit of $551 million during the comparable three months in 2000.
Todd Thomson, chief financial officer at Citigroup, said last night that the company thought its ''net credit losses to be negligible.''
''We had absolutely no knowledge of what Verizon was going to do.''
Now Mr. Condit is gone, and Mr. Stonecipher, 67, is back at Boeing, 18 months after his retirement, to lead the company out of yet another crisis.
''We don't want a strike,'' Harry C. Stonecipher, Boeing's president, said in an interview in June.
The Federal Aviation Administration issued an emergency order this evening, telling all airlines that use the Boeing 767 to check the steel bolts holding the plane's engines in place, after an airline found damage on both bolts under one wing and one of the two on the other side.
The charges will result in a net loss for the quarter, CSX said.
Newmont Mining unveils two-pronged plan to become world's biggest gold company, with agreements to take over Normandy Mining, Australia's leading producer, and Franco-Nevada Mining of Toronto for total of about $4.4 billion in stock and cash; will also assume about $750 million in debt (M)
In the largest display of this tension so far, some 8,000 striking workers protested yesterday outside Verizon's headquarters on Avenue of the Americas at 42nd Street in Midtown Manhattan.
Amgen's stock touched above $75 briefly in late January, before word of the negative studies began emerging.
Opening a new front in its increasingly bitter war with Microsoft, the Netscape Communications Corporation plans on Monday to announce that it has created a software company that will enter an alliance with I.B.M., Oracle and four Japanese consumer electronics giants, Netscape executives said in interviews over the weekend.
The loss includes an accounting change and a $739 million noncash good-will impairment charge related to AT&T's stake in Excite@Home, the high-speed Internet service and content provider owned by the At Home Corporation.
Angolan government, in reversal of longstanding policy, will disclose some payments it receives from oil companies that do business there, making southwest African nation latest to respond to pressure to make such compensation public; is expected to disclose that country is receiving $300 million from ChevronTexaco at deal-signing ceremony in Washington with company's chief executive David J O'Reilly; deal extends Chevron's outstanding rights to shallow-water oil and gas field known as Block Zero through 2030; Angola and other developing nations have been under scrutiny from human rights groups, International Monetary Fund, World Bank and British government to reveal what they receive from oil companies for access to national crude reserves; photo (M)
Among hamburger chains, McDonald's has lost the lunchtime battle to Wendy's, which first offered an alternative menu featuring baked potatoes and a salad bar.
Intuit Inc chief executive William H Harris, testifying in Microsoft Corp antitrust trial, urges Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson to divide or limit Microsoft so that company cannot use its market-dominating Windows operating system to promote its other products; Microsoft lawyer John Warden opens his cross-examination of Harris by chastising him for offering such testimony without giving Microsoft any warning (M)
Part of Mr. Murdoch's plan, this person said, is to not just expand The Journal's online presence to other parts of the world where he does business, but to use its online unit as the backbone for a financial news portal that could draw on material from his far-flung news outlets.
DVD Fight Intensifies: Microsoft and Intel to Back Toshiba Format
The Coca-Cola Company's major bottler in Central and Eastern Europe reported an unexpectedly steep drop in first-half volume sales yesterday and its stock fell sharply.
When I returned yet again to Amazon.com, I realized that I had overlooked another obvious point: if I entered a fake shipping address, where would Amazon.com send my stuff?
Mr. Malone resigned from AT&T's board earlier this year and remains a big shareholder in AT&T.
He said the company has had no problem replacing those who have left with seasoned executives from inside and outside Yahoo.
A spokeswoman for Wal-Mart, Mia Masten, said that ''everyone should have access to affordable health insurance, but this legislation does nothing to accomplish this goal.''
The Microsoft Network telephone help line had no idea how to configure the browser for Web access through its system; copying the settings for dial-up networking on the main machine to the junior unit did the trick.
Gaps still remain on the trading desk, however, especially in commodities and foreign exchange, where Merrill lags Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley despite a recent spate of hiring.
Europeans Have Deferred to U.S. in Microsoft Litigation
Two years ago, the B. F. Goodrich Company's aerospace division factory here fell so far behind schedule producing parts for the new Boeing 737-700 that the Boeing Company threatened to terminate the contract.
In addition, the competitiveness office of the European Commission, the European Union's executive arm, is investigating at least two formal antitrust complaints against Microsoft, one from a personal computer manufacturer and the other from a software maker, a spokesman, Michael Tscherny, said.
Interpublic Loses Bank of America Account
These included purported plans to bully competitors like Apple Computer Inc. and the Netscape Communications Corporation into abandoning Internet software markets that Microsoft sought to dominate.
Apple Computer Ousts Chief In Response to Poor Results
Among the benefits Caremark executives and directors will receive if the CVS deal goes through, the fund's lawsuit contends, are positions at the combined company and indemnification from penalties and fines that may result when criminal and regulatory investigations into possible stock option backdating by Caremark officials are concluded.
Microsoft's plans in the computer security field have created both fear and skepticism in that industry.
Chuck Mulloy, an Intel spokesman, said it was standard company policy to cease supplying advance product information or early chip samples to a company that is suing Intel over patents.
General Motors, which has struggled for years to make its cars less boring, announced today that it had hired a star designer who helped transform Renault from an also-ran in the European auto industry into one of the industry's most feared competitors.
THOMAS J. ENGIBOUS, the chief executive of Texas Instruments, wasted no time Thursday in putting an upbeat chip industry forecast delivered by his economist, Vladi Catto, in the right perspective.
Mr. Bahr has threatened a walkout on Aug. 2 by 75,000 Verizon workers in 12 states in the Northeast if the company does not agree to strong contractual provisions to pave the way to unionize nearly 20,000 workers at Verizon Wireless, which Verizon controls.
Market Place column discusses disappointing price of shares in Polo/Ralph Lauren, one of hottest initial public offerings of 1997; notes stock has fallen below its offering price of $26, even as rest of market swells and many retail and apparel stocks outperform broad market; says Wall Street may not have given Polo/Ralph Lauren its due; notes its impressive earnings estimates (M)
The raid by Deutsche Bank, which has used the turmoil at Morgan Stanley to try to build its own equity business, underscores the blood-in-the-water mentality that currently surrounds Morgan Stanley.
''Supply issues are for Apple a minor problem compared to demand issues,'' Mr. Wolf said.
PG&E Corp, in bankruptcy plans, proposes splitting into two utilities, move that would enable it to repay $13.2 billion to creditors without assistance from California; consumer groups warn that plan would free PG&E of some state regulation and thus could lead to higher electricity rates; Southern California Edison faces news reports that some of its largest creditors are seeking to force it into involuntary bankruptcy; company, which owes $3.9 billion, says it will vigorously fight such action, asserting its creditors should wait two weeks until state legislature votes on bailout plan for utility (M)
Two top executives, including the chief operating officer, are leaving Mattel Inc. as part of a sweeping management reorganization announced today by the struggling toy maker.
After decades as a mainstay of the Seattle economy and a virtual emblem of the Pacific Northwest, the Boeing Company stunned its hometown today with an abrupt announcement that it would move its corporate headquarters out of the region.
The problems come at a time when FirstEnergy is under pressure to reduce its debt, which soared in 2001 when it bought GPU, the old General Public Utilities, with significant operations in New Jersey.
No bidders have emerged for CBS Corp's television business or General Electric's NBC; broadcast networks face uncertain future, with programming costs rising and audiences continuing to defect to cable; analysts say growth potential of network is too limited and risk too great to justify likely cost for purely financial players, while strategic buyers or partners face other obstacles; photos (M)
He pointed to language in the appeals court decision indicating that the lower court should consider the degree to which Microsoft's illegal acts actually influenced competition in deciding what sort of penalty to impose on the company.
The talks broke down last year because Wachovia wanted control and Prudential balked.
A dispute between the Interpublic Group of Companies and Bruce Nelson, the senior executive who oversees one of its biggest accounts, has become public, not long after the account was placed in review.
''People really shouldn't be too concerned about the airplane having difficulty in turbulence -- it's designed for turbulence,'' said Jeff Bland, senior manager for commercial airplane loads and dynamics at Boeing, adding that structural failures because of turbulence are rare.
Mr. Crawford, who gives Mr. Noto credit for his recommendations of Yahoo and eBay, added, ''We all did stupid things in 2000.''
Motorola Inc, Nokia and Uzan family disagree sharply over impact of US District Circuit Court ruling ordering Federal District Judge Jed S Rakoff to dismiss racketeering claims filed against Uzans by Nokia and Motorola; US Appeals Court says Motorola and Nokia cannot bring such federal charges against Uzans because they had not yet tried to recover as much as possible of nearly $3 billion they lent to Turkish cellphone company controlled by Uzans; appeals court also orders Rakoff to reconsider numerous decisions he made that favored Motorola and Nokia, and to decide whether he should continue to hear related claims that racketeering charges must be dropped; representatives of Uzans say decision vindicates their argument that loan terms required that dispute be transferred to arbitrators in Switzerland (M)
Bristol-Myers Squibb wants to fundamentally restructure its relationship with ImClone Systems, including changing its management, five months after pledging to invest $2 billion in ImClone Systems and its new cancer drug, Erbitux (M)
Cox, the third-largest cable operator after Comcast and Time Warner Cable, earned $42 million, or 7 cents a share, in the third quarter, after losing $215.1 million, or 35 cents, in the third quarter last year.
One sign that Intel is having trouble dancing to technology's current beat may be the world's most expensive disco ball.
At the rally, officials of the Communications Workers of America said that Verizon had sought to block various organizing drives despite a ''neutrality'' clause agreed to after a 18-day strike last August by 35,000 members of the union.
The Microsoft Corporation, the world's largest software company, posted slightly higher-than-expected quarterly earnings yesterday even as it adopted a cautious outlook, warning that the personal computer industry remains sluggish, in part because consumer confidence is so fragile.
The Federal Aviation Administration has said it is increasing scrutiny of Boeing's factories because it is concerned that the rapid production escalation might lead to more errors.
With the fee increase, Ms. Whitman acknowledged, the company is running the risk of seeing sellers leave eBay altogether.
Europe Goes On Offensive In the Case Of Microsoft
He allowed Boeing's in-house counsel, Douglas G. Bain, to make a blistering presentation to Boeing executives at a meeting in Orlando, Fla., this year about unethical behavior.
Mr. Caserta said he had not spoken to Mr. Padilla, the A.T.& T. lawyer who had questioned the Spectrum business projections.
That internal conflict significantly delayed Intel's design of a wireless chip for laptops.
''There is no question in my mind that wireless 'bitways' will make the traditional communications business obsolete,'' said Leslie L. Vadasz, an executive vice president of Intel and president of its Intel Capital investment unit.
A NATION CHALLENGED: THE INDUSTRY: Boeing and United Plan to Lay Off Thousands**Airline industry continues to hemorrhage cash in wake of terrorist attacks; Boeing Co says it will lay off 20,000 to 30,000 workers by end of 2002 because of fewer orders for aircraft; United Airlines is expected to announce layoff of 20,000 employees, or 20 percent of its work force, and American Airlines and Northwest Airlines are also ready to announce cuts; Frontier Airlines and Midwest Express say they will cut 440 and 450 jobs, respectively; with government officials now discussing $24 bilion bailout, airline executives are hoping to win enough concessions from legislators, while making deep financial cuts of their own, to keep already troubled industry solvent (M)
Howard J Rubenstein, public relations impresario, had planned broad outlines of Walt Disney Co's public relations strategy well before Time Warner Cable pulled plug on Disney-owned ABC network at 12:01 am May 1; Rubenstein and his clients were ready to portray Time Warner as rapacious monopolist; ensuing 36-hour all-fronts assault involved radio and newspaper advertisements, in-person meetings between Disney's chief lobbyist Preston R Padden with media executives and early-morning call from Disney president Robert A Iger, to Sen Charles E Schumer; by end of 39-hour blackout of ABC progamming, images of both media giants had been muddled, but Disney appeared to have left clearer message behind; Time Warner Cable senior vice president Fred Dressler says Disney hoped to use ABC blackout to make it appear that Time Warner was abusing its power and to raise question about pending merger with America Online; Dressler acknowledges that by removing ABC from its systems, Time Warner gave Disney ammunition in its attempts to paint Time Warner as unyielding monopoly; adds Time Warner had no choice but to do what it did (M)
The deal still must pass muster with regulators and it will probably face close scrutiny from consumer groups and AT&T's main competitors who argue the merger would give AT&T too much power and will ultimately lead to higher prices.
Depending on whether the patent or its enforcement is challenged in court, Netflix could use it to try to stop its competitors from setting up online rental services.
''We've sent it on a very tough mission,'' said Kelly Kahl, CBS's senior executive vice president for scheduling.
Dr. Rowe added that he would be ''disappointed if Aetna was not profitable in 2002.''
During the 2000 strike, Verizon managers filled in on union jobs, working on repair crews and serving as telephone operators.
The self-deprecating advertising approach highlights Microsoft's problem in trying to bolster sales for a new version of a program that in many users' minds already has too many features.
Comcast Corp, facing criticism from Rep Edward J Markey and privacy advocacy groups, says it will no longer store data that would enable it to track individual subscribers' Internet surfing habits; says it changed policy to reassure customers it will not track their individual movements on Internet; says that even before it changed policy, it had not tracked individuals' behavior, but rather, had sought to gather aggregate data on habits of its users (M)
Peter J. Hurtgen, director of the Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service, wrote to Boeing and union officials yesterday, asking them to meet with him Wednesday because he had ''determined that any job action threatens to cause a substantial disruption of commerce.''
Amazon.com reports first-quarter earnings of $111 million, compared with loss of $10.1 million in year-earlier period; sales rise to $1.53 billion from $1.08 billion (M)
Throughout the day, a parade of Microsoft's executives summarized each of the company's businesses, describing new products and strategies and outlining competitive threats.
On Tuesday, Microsoft's first witness, W. J. Sanders III, chairman of Advanced Micro Devices, is expected to testify that the states' proposals would lead to fragmentation of industry standards that would ultimately hurt computer users.
Independent tests show that Microsoft's ability to find Web pages that relate to search queries lags that of Google and Yahoo, a gap Mr. Mehdi says he is working to close.
The phone will not work with Windows NT, and there are no plans to create a Macintosh version, Microsoft said.
SAN JOSE, Calif., March 5 (AP) -- The Intel Corporation, the chip maker, said on Monday that it might have lost some internal e-mail messages that it was supposed to turn over as possible evidence in the landmark antitrust lawsuit filed by Advanced Micro Devices Inc.
This adds to the pressure on Jill E. Barad, Mattel's chief executive, who has been struggling to adapt the world's largest toy company to an era in which girls tire of Barbie dolls at a younger age than previously.
But they argue that both the original federal district judge, Thomas Penfield Jackson, and the appeals court found that the Netscape Navigator Web browser and Sun Microsystem's Java programming language posed genuine threats to Microsoft's monopoly.
The first the public in general knew of the scare, which eventually led to a total 10-day ban on Coca-Cola products in Belgium and spread alarms across Europe, was on June 8 after more than 30 teen-age school-children in the town of Bornem were taken to the hospital complaining of stomachaches, dizziness and nausea.
The CSX Corporation and its rival, the Norfolk Southern Corporation, traded body blows yesterday in an increasingly expensive battle for control of Conrail and rail freight traffic in the Northeast.
He said Cisco's second consecutive period of quarter-over-quarter growth established ''a second, slightly higher plateau'' to build from, but he predicted no dramatic changes until his large service-provider customers begin making money again.
Among the biggest disappointments of the quarter was I.B.M.
AT&T Reports a Net Loss, but Excluding Charges, It Meets Expectations
Separately, Yahoo shareholders rejected approximately 2-to-1 a proposal that would have tied executive compensation to competitive performance.
Xerox has for some time been grappling with mounting losses, a liquidity squeeze and competitive inroads in all its markets.
Judge Jackson issued his order after the Government contended that Microsoft was improperly leveraging its monopoly of operating systems to try to dominate browser software, the programs that are used to navigate the Internet's World Wide Web.
European officials say these arrangements pose a threat to the survival of Airbus Industrie, the European consortium, based in Paris, that is rival to Boeing in the commercial aircraft market.
Pipeline, estimated to cost $3.5 billion, to carry gas from Papua New Guinea's rugged southern highlands as far south as Brisbane, Australia, nearly 2,000 miles away, has been put off until at least 2007 because Exxon Mobil and its partners have failed to sign up enough customers to make it worthwhile; gas rests from populated areas that need it; since 1996, group of companies, led first by ChevronTexaco and now Exxon Mobil, has been planning to build pipeline; map (M)
The new ''Survivor'' format has attracted criticism from politicians and community leaders in New York, where CBS is based.
That is precisely what happened to Intergraph, a maker of powerful work stations using Intel chips after it filed a patent infringement suit against Intel in November 1997, according to the F.T.C.
Waste Management's shares jumped $4.125, to $29.3125.
And Bank of America has also benefited from unusually low number of bankruptcy filings.
Those disputes also muddy financial forecasts for Boston Scientific, which could end up spending billions of dollars in royalties and penalties, depending on the outcomes of the legal cases.
Timothy A Koogle resigns as chief executive of Yahoo, as company warns that its sales in first quarter will be far worse than its pessimistic prediction in January; company says it expects sales of $170 million to $180 million for quarter, its lowest level since end of 1999; Koogle says he will remain chairman; Yahoo says president-chief operating officer Jeffrey Mallett will not be candidate for chief executive; photo (M)
Instead, it is the most recent effort by Coca-Cola to tinker with the marketing of the brand, reflecting how difficult it has become to sell diet soft drinks.
With Harry's Levitating Challenge, Mattel designed a game in which children must maneuver a foam ball through obstacles while it is suspended by jets of air.
Merck, which recently withdrew its painkiller Vioxx from the market and has had several drugs fail in clinical trials, is counting three vaccines among the most important products it expects to bring to market in the next few years.
US Justice Department and 19 states suing Microsoft Corp for allegedly violating antitrust laws jointly issue stinging and disdainful rebuttal to Microsoft's legal arguments last week that it did not violate antitrust laws (M)
Shark threatened Microsoft because it was based on the Network Computer standard that was developed jointly by several of Microsoft's competitors, including Oracle, Apple Computer Inc., the International Business Machines Corporation and Sun Microsystems Inc.
The collapse of talks between Microsoft and AOL Time Warner this weekend was rooted in Microsoft's strategy of making its new operating system the tool to provide a wide range of tightly integrated services directly to computer users, an area AOL has dominated for years.
In Cisco's early days, when it had no sales force, nearly all of its sales came from word of mouth, often via electronic mail.
But was it just embarrassing or was it truly damaging to Microsoft?
Microsoft Corp discloses it held talks to acquire German software maker SAP before it is presented in trial of antitrust case brought by Justice Department to contest Oracle Corp's hostile $7.7 billion bid for PeopleSoft; Microsoft is not litigant in antitrust case; its presence looms large in courtroom, especially its strategy in business software--$25-billion-a-year market for back-office programs that companies use to manage their finances, human resources, procurement, sales and customer relations; graph; chart (M)
Nike recently stopped selling to Copeland's Shopsports.Com.
If Microsoft lost its trademark on Windows, what difference would it make now?
Ultimately, video on demand poses the greatest threat to Netflix -- a fact Mr. Hastings is inclined to acknowledge.
But Microsoft's biggest online failure has been its Internet access business.
The great fear on Wall Street was that by the time Boeing recovered the boom in demand for new jets that began in 1996 would begin to subside.
On Monday, News Corporation and Echostar said that problems with their scrambling technologies had forced them to put off Government filings that would let them clear the proposed deal.
Sotheby's and Amazon.com Strike a Deal to Sell on Line
Chief legal officer at Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co, Christine A Edwards, steps down from her job, and senior in-house lawyer, Monroe R Sonnenborn, resigns, in latest fallout from $10,000 payment made by company to police informant who was involved in arrest of former analyst at firm, Christian L Curry; personnel changes are announced along with results of internal investigation into company's $10,000 payment to Charles Joseph Luethke; investigation, conducted by law firm of Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison, says there is 'no satisfactory explanation' for why company failed to keep Manhattan District Attorney's office informed about developments in Curry case; report suggests bulk of blame should fall on Sonnenborn, who authorized payment to Luethke, and failed to inform Edwards about brewing troubles with District Attorney's office; Morgan Stanley may face criminal charges if prosecutors decide firm sought to falsify business records to disguise payment it thought to be criminal; photo (M)
The Lockheed Martin Corporation is scrambling to salvage its proposed acquisition of Northrop Grumman, now that the Government has rejected a new proposal the company made in an effort to allay antitrust concerns.
New York's top insurance regulator responded angrily to Allstate's decision.
Procter has also been reluctant to team up with retailers to develop private-label brands of detergent and other products that have been strategically essential for the retailers, Mr. Flickinger added.
Although Viacom has hardly been slashing costs, the company did lay off about 90 people at MTV Networks in December.
When Mr. Olsen's group first heard of the Microsoft patent, they hotly threatened to press the Patent Office to re-examine it.
Stung by pricing pressure from Asian competitors, Micron Technology Inc. yesterday reported a steeper-than-expected loss for its second fiscal quarter.
A.T.& T. has also attempted to sow doubt among "800" customers.
The government today proposed a schedule for the remaining proceedings in the Microsoft antitrust case that by taking years to conclude could have limited effect on the company's new operating system.
AOL Time Warner changes name to Time Warner; chief executive Richard D Parsons says change is intended to end any confusion between corporate name and America Online brand name; company's stock ticker symbol will change to TWX from AOL (M)
Gap is a different story -- if not a speculative one.
Apple said last week that Mr. Jobs knew of some instances of backdating of options, though he did not benefit from those grants.
Apple has a particular problem with accurate forecasting, Mr. Neff said.
AOL-Time Warner Rivals Preparing for Interactive TV Fight
Boeing, of Chicago, said it expected no commercial launching orders over the next five years and would focus on government business.
Mr. Jones said the restriction would prevent Microsoft from improving Windows, because competitors would argue about that definition.
WE'RE just like numbers,'' one juror said last month after voting to order the General Motors Corporation to pay $4.9 billion to six people severely burned when the fuel tank of their 1979 Chevrolet Malibu exploded after a drunken driver ran into them.
The first investigation of Intel ended in 1993, after two years, without any charges of using unfair business methods to undermine competition.
The reason illustrates the challenges Boeing faces as it tries to right itself and compete against Airbus Industrie, the European consortium, after two disastrous years in which its commercial airplane division wrote off $4 billion and missed out on the biggest aviation-industry boom in history.
Mattel Inc's chief operating officer Bruce L Stein and Gary Baughman, president of company's Fisher-Price subsidiary, resign as part of sweeping management reorganization; Stein's position will be eliminated; Mattel will have five business products units headed by president who will report directly to chairwoman-chief executive Jill E Barad; company is trying to retool itself as broader children's products concern; reorganization comes as Mattel tries to recover from series of disappointing earnings reports and decline in sales in 1998 (M)
The strategy outlined that day, in early May, hinged on the idea of a contained bankruptcy, in which asbestos liability was limited to Halliburton subsidiaries.
"The problem with AT&T wasn't a lack of opportunity, it was a lack of execution," said Mark Johnson, chief executive of MFJ International, a software  developer in New York that was working closely with AT&T to develop applications to run on Network Notes.
Outside advisory committee formed by Scios unit of Johnson & Johnson, led by Dr Eugene Braunwald of Harvard Medical School, determined in June that use of Natrecor, Scios's popular heart failure therapy, should be strictly limited to acutely ill patients in hospitals; committee asked Scios to begin warning doctors against drug's use in outpatients, treatment that had not been approved by Food and Drug Administration but that had helped turn Natrecor into big money maker; some committee members have expressed concern about ways Scios has responded to its recommendations; Scios defends its response to Braunwald committee's recommendations and says it is preparing to expand its physician outreach campaign warning doctors against using Natrecor on outpatients (M)
In the trial, the drug showed no sign of liver toxicity or other serious side effects, said Dr. Ghofrani, who is a consultant to Pfizer.
Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson, who heard the lawsuit in Federal District Court, ruled earlier this year that Microsoft was a monopoly that had repeatedly violated the nation's antitrust laws.
''Growth was not as high as we originally anticipated due to inventory adjustments at some of our major customers and lower-than-expected overall demand for PC's,'' said Craig R. Barrett, Intel's chief executive.
The insurance giant American International Group disclosed on Wednesday that it had accounted improperly for certain transactions with other insurance and reinsurance companies and that some of the questionable transactions may have occurred more than a decade ago.
Worm Hits Microsoft, Which Ignored Own Advice
Boeing can afford a few wisecracks.
A result, Kodak said, is that its second-quarter earnings from continuing operations will be 25 to 35 cents a share -- less than half the 60 to 80 cents the company forecast in April and a far cry from the 68 cents that analysts were predicting.
European Union says it will join US efforts at World Trade Organization to end what it contends is Japanese trade discrimination against foreign producers of film and photographic paper; US contends that Japanese Government and Fuji Photo Film Co are colluding to keep foreign products out of Japan; US says lack of access has particularly hurt Eastman Kodak Co (S)
But Oracle has other problems.
More troubling, analysts said, were sales of applications -- software that companies use to automate many facets of their business -- which Oracle has sought to make a larger percentage of its overall product mix.
Medtronic said that it no longer used the screw in its domestic products but that it would appeal the injunction, which the judge stayed for 90 days.
The central argument behind that assertion is the same one Microsoft brought to court in October 1997, when the Justice Department first challenged the company's decision to integrate the two products.
Raytheon, a Lockheed competitor, has filed an objection to the agency's proposal, arguing that it is  qualified to bid on the project.
Microsoft has denied allegations by critics that Windows XP presents many of the same antitrust problems identified in the lawsuit.
''The good news is the bad news, that Interpublic getting whacked so hard has forced us to sharpen our knives and work to get out of it.
Micron Technology Inc reports steeper-than-expected loss for its second fiscal quarter, citing pricing pressure from Asian competitors; for quarter ended Feb 26, Micron reports net loss of $48.1 million, compared with earnings of $142.7 million in year-earlier quarter; revenue in latest quarter dropped 14 percent, to $755.4 million (M)
''Investors were overly pessimistic on the entire industry,'' said Doreen A. Toben, Verizon's chief financial officer.
Carnival Corp is examining ways to eliminate some of conditions attached to its hostile takeover offer for P&O Princess Cruises (S)
Tensions remain high between offices of Mary J White, US Attorney for Southern District of New York, and District Attorney Robert Morgenthau, which have been sparring over which should take the lead in prosecuting cases of Wall Street fraud; state prosecutors are continuing to pursue charges against Marisa Baridis, former compliance officer at Morgan Stanley, Dean Witter, Discovery, whose indictment on Federal charges of insider trading brought feud into the open; Morgenthau has strong interest in white-collar crime and has been preparing carefully for latest round of financial investigations; each site claims to be tougher than the other when it comes to convictions and sentences, but the statistics seem inconclusive; photos (M)
The move by Microsoft is a limited step, according to industry analysts and the company's opponents in the long-running antitrust suit.
Aetna executives said they had decided only reluctantly to part with some of the H.M.O.
Interpublic Group of Companies, in reporting loss for second quarter caused by restructuring costs, widely misses Wall Street's estimates, forecasts further charges to better align expenses with revenue and withdraws earnings guidance it offered for full year; net loss was $13.5 million in quarter on revenue of $1.5 billion compared with net income of $109 million on revenue of $1.49 billion year earlier; net loss was $22.1 million on revenue of $2.82 billion in first half of year compared to net income of $168.8 million on revenue of $2.81 billion year ago; executive vice president-chief financial officer Sean F Orr comments (M)
Mr. Miller, who joined Corning in July, is retired from DuPont, which also resisted pressure from investors to focus on an area -- in DuPont's case, life sciences -- that turned out as bumpy as telecommunications.
How the Europeans will respond is not yet clear, though trade officials in Brussels may raise their own objections to Boeing's conduct.
But even if other companies follow Microsoft's example, other thorny issues will probably emerge.
The AT&T cable division said it lost 179,000 subscribers in the first quarter, with about 13.4 million customers.
Boeing's ultimate weapon, of course, would be to hire Mr. Leahy away.
This approach allows Amazon to avoid owning computers, which are expensive and depreciate rapidly.
There is no discount for buying the products together, nor are I.B.M.
Such attitudes may partly reflect the institutional arrogance that helped land Microsoft in court.
But last October, the Justice Department filed a lawsuit accusing Microsoft of violating a 1995 consent decree by requiring computer manufacturers to bundle its Internet Explorer Web browser software with its Windows 95 operating system.
Microsoft and the European Commission once again may be on a collision course over the shape of the company's next-generation computer operating system, Windows Vista.
He is demanding an apology and compensation from Amazon, partly because the Web site listed its own review of the title along with critical letters from readers.
Correction: April 10 Business Day article on criminal investigation into Duke & Company, defunct New York brokerage firm, misstated trading status of stocks of Sel-Leb Marketing Inc and IFS International Inc, companies that Duke took public
''There's a lot of anger about Microsoft now, over the way the company has handled this issue.
Dow Jones industrial average drops 379.21 points, or 3.6 percent, to 10,034.58, its lowest level since March on news that oil prices are surging, tumoil in Middle East is escalating and earnings at Home Depot will be worse than expected; Nasdaq composite index loses 93.81 points, or 3 percent, closing at 3,074.68, its lowest point for year; Standard & Poor's 500-stock index falls 34.81 points, or 2.6 pecent, to 1,329.78; all major stock indexes are deep in negative territory for year; Standard & Poor's 500-stock index is down 9.5 percent so far while Dow Jones industrials have lost 12.7 percent of their value and Nasdaq is down 24.4 percent for year; graph; chart (M)
Nike may have feared that its products would wind up for sale at Kmart, a discount chain, analysts said.
Helping set the anti-Microsoft tone of the conference was Sun Microsystems' chief executive, Scott G. McNealy, who complained in an opening-night speech that his company and its Java programming language had become ''ground zero'' for what he called a Microsoft carpet-bombing approach to the software industry.
He also notes that programs to remove Windows are among the best-selling PC software products and cites that fact as evidence of a fundamental failure by Microsoft to keep its customers satisfied.
AT&T and British Telecommunications formed Concert in 1999 to seek large multinational business customers, but the effort has failed to live up to the companies' expectations.
Technology Briefing
In the depositions of Microsoft executives, which are still under way, the Government said that Mr. Gates ''displayed a particular failure of recollection,'' even though ''he is placed at the center of key events by numerous documents.''
In addition to pledging to work with industry, government and other groups to develop policies for doing business in restrictive countries, Yahoo, which censors the results on the Chinese version of its search engine to meet government demands, also said it would strive to make those restrictions apparent to users.
Wal-Mart said yesterday in its request to file a counterclaim against her that it would seek compensation from Ms. Roehm for legal fees in the case and for other damages, possibly the extra expenses Wal-Mart incurred redoing the advertising account review.
''Search will be even more of a choke point on the mobile device than on the PC because navigation is so hard,'' said Marco Boerries, the senior vice president in charge of Yahoo's wireless efforts.
But while Coca-Cola apparently hopes to limit any concerns to a handful of European countries, the danger is that the anxiety over its products could spread.
Microsoft's lawyers say the company is being attacked by Mr. Fisher for being much the kind of company I.B.M.
Engineers from NASA and its main contractor, the United Space Alliance, and Boeing, began analyzing the damage potential of the debris soon after it was found on images of the launching.
Hynix Semiconductor yielded to government pressure and agreed to break up the company after rejecting a deal last week for Micron Technology to take over its memory-chip plants.
Competitors and consumer groups have asked regulators to impose additional restrictions on AOL and Time Warner, although none of these issues have been discussed at length in the negotiations between the companies and the government, people involved in the talks said.
Newspaper Industry Fails To Stem Circulation Drop
McDonald's real estate venture began in the early 1990's, when it had no way to convert the rubles that customers paid for its hamburgers and milkshakes into another currency.
Deephaven's gambit follows a hotly contested three-month battle for MCI in which the chief executives of Verizon and Qwest traded barbs, and investors lobbied publicly for more money.
To Frank Newport, editor in chief of the Gallup poll, the growing pool of undecided respondents suggests an increasing public ambivalence about Microsoft.
Xerox's outside directors are all named in the shareholder suits, and no director was willing to comment.
After years of trying, it may be all too easy for Digital to prove that Alpha is not a credible competitor and that no one would be hurt if Intel hastened its demise.
But this time around, Kodak is steadily losing market share to Fuji, which has been undercutting Kodak's prices.
Wal-Mart fired the executives, Julie Roehm and Sean Womack, charging them with favoring Draft FCB and Mr.
Merck Backs U.S.
Moody's Investors Service downgrades Connecticut's bond rating to Aa3, citing revenue decline, lack of reserves and high debt levels; Gov John G Rowland says mild dip was expected and blames Democratic-controlled Assembly's failure to pass budget; Democrats say rating has little to do with budget, and Moody's analyst agrees (M)
If the Halliburton settlement survives challenge, it still may not offer much hope to other companies that do not have as much capital as Halliburton, Mr. Bernick said.
Mr. Purcell and John J. Mack, Morgan Stanley's president, said they were especially dismayed at how their legal department responded to requests for information about the $10,000 payment from the District Attorney's office.
The vice chairman of General Motors, Robert A. Lutz, yesterday offered the company's bluntest rebuff yet of critics who say a turnaround at the ailing automaker is failing to gain steam.
Even with the expanded plan, Wal-Mart's workers, whose average pay is less than $20,000 a year, will still pay monthly premiums and hefty annual deductibles.
Investigators in the General Accounting Office said yesterday that they had requested information on prices from 11 drug companies in July and that Pfizer was the only company that failed to comply.
AOL has also been a drag on Time Warner's reputation as the Internet unit went through three years of criminal and civil investigations of its accounting practices.
No such midnight madness is expected on June 25 when Microsoft, barring a late intervention by Federal or state antitrust officials, releases Windows 98.
And even though Citigroup, of course, admits no guilt in settling, that staggering $2.65 billion figure speaks volumes about the weight of the evidence against it.
Morgan Stanley, under pressure from investors and an impatient board to revive its lagging stock price, announced last night that two senior executives had been promoted to co-presidents, reporting to the chief executive, Philip J. Purcell.
''Kodak's problems may represent just another dot to connect in a picture of an economy that is slowing across the board,'' he said.
Because of Microsoft's insecure software, the complaint asserts, Ms. Hamilton suffered identity theft -- someone obtained unauthorized access to her Social Security number and bank account information, which was stored on her computer.
This is the first criminal case under the act involving electronic books, a small but competitive industry in which the players include Adobe, Microsoft, Palm and Gemstar.
That is particularly bad news for General Motors and the Ford Motor Company, which are dependent on truck-based S.U.V.
For anyone who has ever missed a top-rated television program and wondered what all the fuss was about, Time Warner Cable may one day have an answer.
Verizon has been trying to keep customers by offering broadband connections for as low as $14.95.
Colombia has had its credit rating bumped down two notches by Moody's Investors Service, to level below investment grade; action means country will have to pay higher interest rates on new foreign loans, but since Government has already completed borrowing for this year, no immediate impact is expected (S)
After a long court battle, Microsoft settled the lawsuit in June 2003, though the company denies it gouged California consumers.
Steven P Jobs, co-founder and chief executive of Apple Computer, complains to Random House chief executive Peter Olson about negative portrayal in Alan Deutschman book The Second Coming of Steve Jobs; photo (S)
But a spokeswoman in Washington for the Communications Workers of America, Candice Johnson, said Verizon might be exaggerating the disruption caused by the strike.
The business-services unit was also hurt by a loss at Concert, AT&T's international joint venture with British Telecommunications.
But Mr. Sears' departure from Boeing amid a contracting scandal has led some industry analysts and experts on corporate governance to examine his ties to Sprint.
In a memorandum sent to all employees yesterday, Dr. John W. Rowe, the chief executive of the company, said Aetna planned to reduce the percentage of health maintenance organizations in which Aetna takes the risk for any losses.
Automobile makers brace for slump in 2003 in wake of booming sales of recent years; fear market saturation; foreign automakers continue to push more vehicles into United States; General Motors, Ford Motor and DaimlerChrysler face higher operating expenses in addition to probable fall in sales; photo (M)
Its applications at two Saskatchewan stores are being challenged not only by Wal-Mart, but by a lawyer who said he was being paid by employees who said they were coerced into signing union cards.
Even Xerox's board acknowledges that Xerox had lost its way.
IBM Corp begins selling technology that allows blind users to hear the World Wide Web; software, Home Page Reader, which costs $149, uses a speech synthesizer not just to read the text on a given Web page but also to describe graphics and advertisements (S)
The American Express Company reported yesterday that its third-quarter earnings had more than doubled from the period a year earlier, when it was suffering from a slump in travel and spending after the terrorist attacks, bad junk-bond investments and costs from layoffs.
The pressure from Oracle has compounded these problems, he said.
''I wouldn't be surprised to see more of these stories come out as Boeing and the airlines have discussions and the news leaks,'' said Peter S. Jacobs, an analyst with the brokerage firm Ragen MacKenzie Inc. in Seattle.
Miranda O. McGowan, a professor of employment-discrimination law at the University of Minnesota Law School, said Wal-Mart might have been able to settle the case for a much lower amount before Judge Jenkins issued his ruling.
Mr. Liddle will remain chairman of Interval, which like Xerox's PARC laboratory, is in Palo Alto, Calif., but will no longer be involved in the organization's day-to-day activities, according to the employees.
Amgen has about 98 percent of the market for white cell boosters, a virtual monopoly, according to the lawsuit.
Disney Rejects Comcast Offer
Jan 5 chart with article about fears that corporate mergers will lead to reduction in total corporate donations to arts misstated year in which Exxon made contributions shown; it was 1997
EgyptAir's pilots reported no trouble over their radios before or during the dive, and the wreckage recovered to date has revealed little more than that the great airplane -- a Boeing 767 with a wingspan of 156 feet and a length of 176 feet -- was reduced to bits when it struck the sea.
''I don't think they want to approve something,'' he said, ''and then find that Boeing and the Air Force have done something wrong.''
Unlike many companies that have been ousting top executives, Motorola -- a leader in cellphones and segments of the semiconductor market -- is not suffering from accounting scandals, threats of bankruptcy or charges that the chief executive has been raking in outlandish bonuses from a board filled with cronies.
''We want to be the building block supplier to the Internet economy,'' said Craig R. Barrett, the president of Intel.
But he also noted that the agency should not be criticized for failing to take Dr. Graham's conclusions seriously because agency supervisors did not see his report before Merck's withdrawal of the drug on Sept. 30.
Time Warner accused Disney of blackmail for threatening to pull its ABC signal if Time Warner did not meet its demands.
In interviews after the case, several jurors sharply criticized Merck's lawyers as patronizing, and some of Merck's witnesses appeared to be ill prepared for Mr. Lanier's questions.
Internet Corp for Assigned Names and Numbers, or Icann, asks VeriSign to suspend voluntarily new service that redirects Web surfers to VeriSign's site when they try to reach unassigned Web addresses (S)
Electronic Arts then cut its prices nearly in half, to $29.95, to compete.
The Labor Department filed three complaints with an administrative law judge last month because, it said, Boeing, which is the world's largest aerospace company, had refused to provide it with records from its operations in Seattle; Mesa, Ariz., and Wichita, Kan.
Industry consultants says charges that MCI used fraudulent methods to reduce access fees it pays to other phone companies could make it harder for MCI to keep some of its current customers and sign up new ones; charges are raising new questions about reliability of financial data and projections MCI is giving creditors and bankruptcy court overseeing its reorganization; court approves settlement by which MCI, still technically named WorldCom, agrees to pay Verizon $60 million to resolve fee disputes; timeline and photos of MCI's chief executives (M)
But that achievement is hurting Amgen's stock because investors now sometimes lump it with the older pharmaceutical companies, which are growing more slowly than they once did.
While Mr. Sambur and Mr. Roche are heading out of their Pentagon jobs, Senator McCain has stalled all civilian Pentagon nominations until the Pentagon delivers documents he has requested relating to the Boeing-Air Force arrangement.
HotJobs will pay TMP a $15 million breakup fee and $2 million for expenses to extract itself from that deal before merging with Yahoo.
Microsoft offered the fix on its Web site in December, when the vulnerability was discovered.
He became a director of Marsh & McLennan in 1987 and is on the board of the Investment Company Institute, the mutual fund industry's lobbying organization.
This is the ninth time in two years that an auto workers local has struck General Motors, leading industry analysts to suggest that the company's labor relations are far worse than those of its competitors.
AEA will pay Corning $975 million in cash for 89 percent of the Corning Consumer Products Company.
The National Basketball Association is expected to announced today that it has struck a series of licensing deals with five major publishers of video games, including Electronic Arts and Take-Two Interactive.
On Sunday, however, Sanford I. Weill and John S. Reed, Citigroup's co-chief executives, asked for Mr. Dimon's resignation.
Johnson & Johnson researchers and executives made plans to ban sales for premature infants in the United States, an action it had taken in some European countries, according to documents obtained by The Times.
The case will continue Thursday with a one-day trial to determine whether Merck must pay punitive damages to Mr. and Mrs. McDarby.
The decision to remove the drug from the market, the largest drug recall in history as measured by sales, comes as Merck has been struggling to find new drugs for its aging product line.
Lawyers who have been following the dispute said that the I.B.M.
is leading a price war in which it, Ford Motor and Chrysler are all offering interest-free financing on their vehicles, inflating sales but narrowing profit at a time when there is no shortage of red ink.
Mr. Curry denies he is gay, but says that his colleagues at Morgan Stanley thought he was.
And if the trial judge, Thomas Penfield Jackson, disagrees -- as he has already suggested he might -- Microsoft lawyers say the company will ask him to delay the trial for six months.
Tularik is working on drugs for diseases like cancer, diabetes and rheumatoid arthritis -- all of them areas Amgen is also pursuing.
It jumps from computer to computer by exploiting a Microsoft programming error in a part of Windows that is designed to let computers share various services over the Internet.
The addition of the bundling accusation involving Media Player to the European case bears a resemblance to the charges originally brought by the Justice Department that Microsoft bundled its Internet Explorer Web browser illegally with the Windows system.
The losses Halliburton must account for now may arise in large part from the decisions its managers made when the company acquired its smaller rival, Dresser Industries, in 1998, one industry analyst noted.
''Didn't you personally tell Microsoft that if no deal was reached, Apple would sue Microsoft for more than $1 billion?''
Aetna said it was also cutting 1,120 jobs from regional operations, including sales, and 580 jobs in other areas, including information technology and human resources.
With Microsoft's .Net technology, for instance, there is hardly any market to dominate yet.
''The demand for bandwidth is going to continue to grow,'' said Paul Lacouture, president of Verizon's network services business, who is overseeing the company's fiber network construction.
Customized MBA programs are being offered by major corporations, giving them another carrot for luring and retaining talent--priority as baby boomers retire and corporations face looming management shortage; programs offered by Texas Instruments, GM and Intel Corp discussed; photo (M)
The new company will also take over roughly $7 billion in Waste Management debt.
However, at a time when the company's business practices are under attack by the Justice Department, several Congressional committees and 20 states and the District of Columbia, and under investigation by European governments, Microsoft executives gave no indication of abandoning the aggressive strategies that have made it one of the world's most successful and feared corporations.
Today, any such Linux-based alternative would probably pose a more imminent threat to Mr. Robertson's company than to Microsoft.
Jon Place, Yahoo's general counsel, told The Associated Press that Yahoo was not responsible for messages posted on the service and that it had ''no way of knowing who some of the people are.''
AT&T's Gloom Shows the Sector Is Still Flagging
''The key question is whether the demand is there for their technology, and I.B.M.
But 46 days into strikes at the General Motors Corporation that have idled 26 factories and more than 186,000 workers, the Administration has made no such move.
China is by no means Kodak's only trouble spot.
But in contrast to its splashy debut of interactive television in Orlando, Fla., in 1994 -- which embarrassed Time Warner executives when the technology failed to catch on -- the company this time is  playing down any suggestions that the Internet will transform its business.
That criticism is implicit in a separate legal action now pending against Microsoft, a civil suit recently filed by Sun Microsystems Inc.
Television advertising marketplace is cooling; some network executives dispute some earlier reports of weakening in ad marketplace, but News Corp chairman, Rupert Murdoch, predicts at shareholders meeting in Australia that advertising sales for his television company in US, Fox Entertainment Group, look a little uncertain; Murdoch attributes weakness in advertising marketplace over next couple months to falloff in spending by Internet businesses (M)
Why an Agency Said No to Wal-Mart
The Xerox Corporation's stock has recently been popular with investors, but traders of its bank debt are a lot more skeptical about the company's prospects.
Many on Wall Street found it notable that Philip J. Purcell, Morgan Stanley's chairman and chief executive, would decide to drop the Dean Witter name as soon as he had put to rest any doubts that his company had indeed taken over Morgan Stanley.
Apple Warns It Will Record Quarterly Loss
Concerns about Motorola reached a new peak late last week on reports that business had weakened to the point that the company faced a liquidity squeeze.
In the same interview, Ms. Whitman said, ''Obviously I was really disappointed, because Jeff has made a huge difference to eBay,'' she said, adding ''He's got two relatively young children.''
The announcements appear to be an attempt by Mr. Weill to respond to criticism regarding Citigroup's role in financing Enron and WorldCom, which has contributed to a nearly 38 percent drop in the stock so far this year.
Meanwhile, with the applications business maturing, products from various competitors are looking similar, making it tough for Oracle to differentiate itself, said Eric B. Upin, a senior software analyst with Robertson Stephens.
Kodak Stock Falls 25% on Sudden Sales Drop and Profit Warning
In the meantime, the court ruling says that Microsoft should pay Eolas $1.47 for every copy of the Windows operating system containing the browsing software that is shipped.
But the fact they've chosen Intel kind of mitigates that aspect, because everyone hates Intel.''
Prince, a longtime lieutenant of Mr. Weill, invoked an image of Citigroup yesterday as a troubled corporate giant rising from the couch after a grueling round of psychotherapy, noting that the Worldcom settlement offered the bank ''closure.''
have hinted that they would move to block the deal unless the companies agree to a broad range of rules intended to foster competition, including opening Time Warner's high-speed Internet cable lines to rival Internet service providers on nondiscriminatory terms.
Mr. Fishman surprised Mr. Weill and the financial world in the fall of 2001 when he resigned as the chief operating officer for finance and risk at Citigroup and took charge of the St. Paul Companies, which was then struggling with heavy losses, especially in medical malpractice coverage.
For example, the next major release of Windows, called Vista, is expected to include document management features that could threaten Adobe's share of that market.
On Thursday afternoon, competitors, including RealNetworks and Sun Microsystems, as well as a familiar Microsoft foe, the Computer and Communications Industry Association, will take the stand.
But even at the higher price, Oracle still faces considerable roadblocks in its fight to take over its rival.
Mr. Kassan filed a lawsuit and an arbitration action against Interpublic last month, asking for $63.5 million for breach of contract and defamation of character.
Brazilian Disputes Role Of Citigroup In Company
The issue is especially important for the combined AOL Time Warner, which will have no obvious peers and which will be a very complex company.
Mr. Wolfe, the Johnson & Johnson spokesman, dismissed the discussion as projections made three years ago, based on assumptions that had not played out.
Carnival's New Bid for P&O Escalates Cruise Line Battle
Both questioned whether the move represented a radical strategy shift for Wal-Mart.
Intel said it expected gross margins in 1997 to be 60 percent, plus or minus a few percentage points.
That problem is mostly behind it, according to company executives, who predicted I.B.M.
EBay, the online auction giant, paid $2.5 billion for Skype in October 2005, prompting criticism from some analysts that it had overpaid for a start-up company focused on a different market and technology.
Waste Management was formed a year ago when USA Waste Services, a company that held tight reins on its field operations, bought Waste Management Inc., a much larger but floundering rival that let its field managers run their own shows.
''To the extent that more volume is done at the higher discount rates charged by American Express, I would say this has the potential to become anti-consumer,'' said Moshe Orenbuch, an analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein & Company.
Mr. Abramowitz said Mr. Dickerson's departure most likely reflected his own frustration that the integration of the two companies was not going faster and possibly the dissatisfaction of Aetna's board.
We don't want to beat out Wal-Mart.''
The cost of buying the programming rights could be less expensive when spread over the Comcast base of subscribers than the wholesale fees charged by the exisiting networks.
Still, some inside the MGM camp worry that there could be antitrust hurdles to a deal, and Time Warner's offer includes a special payment to be made to MGM if the deal is not completed, the executives said.
Oracle said at the time that several large sales had slid into the fourth quarter, traditionally its strongest, so any weakness in this quarter did not bode well for the future, analysts said.
Verizon and its labor unions met yesterday with a top federal mediator in an effort to avoid a strike this weekend that could affect local and long-distance telephone service in 13 New England and Middle Atlantic States and the District of Columbia.
In part, Procter & Gamble's sales have been hurt by the weak euro and other currency problems.
As part of the deal, Microsoft, the No.
But in the case of the iPod, Apple designed the music store, the player and the jukebox software on the computer; no wonder it all works so smoothly.
A potential competitor could go out and buy the same technology that Intel uses and still fail miserably in trying to compete with it.
Aetna and Dr. Rowe come together in a climate of some hostility between hospitals and insurers.
But warnings in the last week from Compaq Computer, Intel and now Motorola -- although not as much of a surprise -- threaten to topple the high-flying technology stocks, and perhaps even disrupt the broader market rally, one that had pushed up  the Dow by nearly 1,000 points since early January.
Mr. Rose said the real problem was that Compaq had separately signed a contract with America Online at about the same time, requiring Compaq to replace the Internet Explorer and Microsoft Network icons in Windows with an America Online icon.
The Oracle Corporation reported earnings today that met the lowered projections the company warned Wall Street investors about two weeks ago.
While some of the details are in dispute, several people briefed on the matter said that Wal-Mart dismissed Ms. Roehm and a lower-ranking marketing colleague, Sean Womack, after deciding that the pair had a personal relationship that violated the company's strict ethics policy, which forbids fraternizing with subordinates.
After a complete face lift, some major surgery to fix structural flaws and some introspection about what it wants to be when it grows up, the Microsoft Network is expected to re-emerge today as an aggressive contender for the No.
The Attorney General of Texas dropped out of the group, at least temporarily, because of pressure from two Texas companies that are allies of Microsoft, the Compaq Computer Corporation and the Dell Computer Corporation.
No wonder shoppers are more likely to buy things at Amazon.com than at many other sites.
Motorola reported yesterday that it had lost $1.24 billion, or 55 cents a share, on sales of $7.32 billion in the last quarter of 2001.
If that ability were linked to the company's Web search engine in future versions of the Windows operation system -- something that Microsoft would not discuss but that analysts expect -- the move could place new pressure on Google and Yahoo.
Bruce Wampler, pioneer in grammar-checking software, complains of poor quality of grammar-checking features available today on Word, WordPerfect and other word processing programs and says grammar-checking technology is one of casualties of Microsoft PC monopoly; other grammarians say that problem may not be Microsoft, that understanding natural language is hard problem and that competent grammar checking may await arrival of versatile speech recognition; drawing (M)
The judge cited evidence that Microsoft had charged I.B.M.
If SCO's legal campaign fades, the advance of Linux as a popular alternative to Microsoft as an operating system for computers used in business could accelerate as the threat of litigation recedes.
Apple executives also disclosed yesterday that problems in I.B.M.
Halliburton and Honeywell, two of the companies most heavily burdened with asbestos lawsuits, are close to resolving almost all of the claims in multibillion-dollar settlements, lawyers for many plaintiffs and the companies said yesterday.
The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, which has received financing from Wal-Mart, recounted on Monday how the retailer had developed a protocol for locking down stores when a parent reported a missing child.
Miguel Estrada, a Washington lawyer for Aetna, said that without the racketeering claims, the lawsuits ''basically shrivel up.''
Microsoft's 70-page conclusions of law, sent to Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson and published on its Web site after the stock market closed, contend that case law does not support either the government's charges or the judge's findings of fact, published in November.
It argues that bundling the browser was a tactic intended to harm Microsoft's primary competitor in that business, the Netscape Communications Corporation.
The industrywide slowdown resulting from the uncertain economy has depressed the financial results for Interpublic along with rivals like the Omnicom Group and the WPP Group.
Using rough assumptions, the Hall paper concluded the economic damage from Microsoft's practices amounted to overcharging about $10 for each copy of its Windows operating system.
United Technologies Corp is cutting its worldwide work force by 14,500 jobs, or about 10 percent of its 142,500 employees, as it wrestles with continuing decline in aerospace portion of its business; job cuts, which add 9,200 to 5,300 announced earlier this year, are part of revamping that will result in $1.15 billion charge against earnings in 1999 and eliminate 8.5 million square feet of factory and office space; chief executive George David comments (M)
That deal came two weeks after Microsoft and the Intel Corporation struck a deal with Sun Microsystems to pay Sun $1.6 billion to settle a private antitrust lawsuit and resolve patent claims.
Mr. Durzi said eBay told Mr. Walton to either ''stop what he was doing or we'd take steps to stop it for him.''
H & R Block, the tax preparation concern, said yesterday that it had shut down its tax preparation Web site Tuesday night because an unexpected surge of customers overwhelmed its software.
Marriott treats all its partners -- employees, customers and investors -- well, they said, and the problems that affected the limited partners were beyond Marriott's control.
''One area where Microsoft and Google are really competing head-to-head now is in the war for talent,'' said Richard S. Tedlow, a historian and professor at the Harvard Business School.
The latest chukker in their legal match -- part of a saga that is nearly 20 years old -- began last week when the polo association sued Polo Ralph Lauren USA Holdings in federal court in Manhattan, alleging that it ''maliciously acted to destroy the sports merchandising program of the U.S. Polo Association'' by writing letters that intimidated retailers with trademark infringement lawsuits if they sold the association's goods.
Citigroup executives noted with a bit of chagrin that the Singapore incident had helped prompt a companywide transition to ''secure electronic channels'' for moving sensitive data -- a process nearly completed.
Apple's troubles today are a legacy of technological stagnation, product missteps and management turmoil that several rounds of layoffs and revised corporate strategies have been unable to correct.
Microsoft saw Netscape, the pioneer in Web browsing software, as a threat to its dominance of personal computing.
Both Morgan Stanley and Mr. Curry found themselves in legal trouble.
Today, Coca-Cola officials dismissed AmBev's accusations as groundless.
Citigroup acquired Associates last year and has been trying to settle regulatory investigations and hundreds of private lawsuits.
In its first study of how an American company treats its workers, Human Rights Watch asserted yesterday that Wal-Mart's aggressive efforts to keep out labor unions often violated federal law and infringed on its workers' rights.
Although the map includes terrorism alerts in its monthly updates, a separate Aon unit produces another map devoted to terrorism risks.
The new system meant Coke's bottlers would no longer bring Powerade to Wal-Mart stores.
The statements came just one week after Intel reported a 38 percent drop in profit, to $1.35 billion, from $2.18 billion last year, and a 5 percent drop in revenue, to $8.9 billion.
Merck has maintained that it was only last fall, when a clinical test showed that Vioxx increased heart risks, that the company had clear proof the drug was dangerous.
Blaming order cancellations by large customers and general slowdowns in the world economy, Intel said it expected revenue for the fourth quarter to be flat from the previous quarter, when revenue totaled $8.7 billion.
After Verizon lost the bid for the new system, it was supposed to stay on until 2006 to provide service during the transition but now anticipates doing so until at least 2008.
Dennis M. Gross, Merck's director of research, administration and planning, would not disclose how much the company is spending on the new building.
Swiss court clears way for $12-billion lawsuit against IBM by group of Gypsy organizations that charge company helped Nazis automate records to organize Holocaust; previous suit by Jewish survivors was dropped for fear of blocking settlement with Germany and Switzerland on other Holocaust compensation (M)
While continuing to reject the antitrust findings against it, the Microsoft Corporation today offered a series of narrow restrictions on its behavior that it said would be more appropriate remedies than breaking up the company.
THE dismal financial outlook for the Interpublic Group of Companies in New York shows few signs of improvement based on its fourth-quarter and full-year results, which were released yesterday.
Ms. Creighton, along with a Wilson Sonsini colleague, Gary L. Reback, wrote position papers over the years on behalf of competitors of Microsoft, asserting the company's business practices violated the nation's antitrust laws.
A federal judge dismissed a lawsuit yesterday by PepsiCo that accused Coca-Cola of unfairly wielding its influence to control the beverages served in restaurants, movie theaters and other businesses.
The Boeing Company's largest union voted overwhelmingly Wednesday night to accept a three-year contract, averting a strike that would have dealt a blow to Boeing's efforts to recover from a financial downturn.
And on the Web site of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, the court where Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson found Microsoft in wide violation of the nation's antitrust laws and ordered the company broken in two, his rulings are published in three formats: Adobe Acrobat, HTML .
According to Andrew Herdener, an Amazon spokesman, the site relies on users to report wikis that are offensive or irrelevant, or those that either condemn or lavish praise on an item.
Other e-commerce sites, including the AltaVista search engine and eBay's PayPal service, were experiencing problems like Yahoo's and independently came up with Captcha-like puzzles.
According to First Call/Thompson Financial, three analysts lowered their recommendations on Xerox stock this morning, and now every analyst that follows Xerox rates it a hold.
Mr. Rubin, who resigned as Treasury secretary in July 1999 and several months later became chairman of Citigroup's executive committee, called Peter R. Fisher, the under secretary of the Treasury, on Nov. 8, 2001, after learning that Enron was close to losing its investment-grade rating.
Daniel W Drezner Op-Ed article says outsourcing of jobs abroad is not quite the menace that politicians, including Sen John Kerry and Pres Bush, would have Americans believe; cites Government Accountability Office data showing that fewer than 1 percent of 1.5 million jobs lost in mass layoffs in 2003 were due to overseas relocation, a decline from previous year; says that in 2002, US ran $27 billion trade surplus in business services, sector in which jobs are most likely to be outsourced; says outsourcing of jobs at IBM has been exaggerated by critics; drawing (M)
Oracle Meets Lowered Forecast but Sees Worse Times Ahead
Mr. Freund, the computer security executive, said he had tried unsuccessfully for several years to persuade Microsoft to ship the company's operating systems with fewer services exposed to potential attackers.
Mr. Meyer and Dwight M. Owsen, a doctoral student at the University of Portsmouth in Britain, have recently written papers criticizing Coca-Cola's accounting.
Google will in turn pay a large portion of the revenue to News Corporation for the ads displayed on its sites.
Raytheon acquired several military businesses, notably those of the Hughes Electronics Corporation and Texas Instruments, as part of a consolidation encouraged by the Pentagon that was intended to adjust the industry to the end of the cold war.
This week, Motorola attributed much of its restatement to lost sales in developing countries that followed a decision to not match price cuts by competitors.
's investigation into Xerox, an inquiry that began in the summer of 2000, shortly after the company acknowledged that its Mexican businesses had committed accounting fraud.
cites no actual harm to competition from Intel's behavior, no instance of impeding innovation or thwarting specific rivals.
A loss in the Lipitor case would devastate Pfizer's profits, said Scott Henry, a drug analyst at Oppenheimer & Company.
The pro forma numbers for the company exclude the cost of severance and other restructuring moves and other items that do not immediately affect Amazon's cash positions.
Apple, struggling to reverse a severe slump in sales and profits, said yesterday that it would begin a review on the largest portion of its worldwide account: the domestic duties, with billings estimated at $80 million to $90 million, handled since 1986 by BBDO West.
The Los Angeles office of BBDO West, part of the BBDO Worldwide unit of the Omnicom Group, has ended its eight-year relationship with Northrop Grumman, an aerospace and defense company, by withdrawing from a review for the company's creative and media account, with spending estimated at $7.5 million, to avoid a potential client conflict.
Some of those lawyers said they were worried that lawyers who rushed into the field after Merck withdrew the drug, including law firms soliciting clients with radio and print advertising, would muddy the legal landscape with questionable claims.
And even if Apple does manage to shove Copland out the door in 12 months, which most industry analysts doubt, it will still be dragging its legacy behind it.
Auto sales dropped 2 percent in May from May 1999, first year-to-year drop since summer of 1998; dismal results at DaimlerChrysler and General Motors entirely accounted for decline as other manufacturers posted record sales, leaving it unclear whether long-expected decline in sales had begun; Ford Motor, Toyota, Nissan, Honda and Mitsubishi announce increases in sales, with Toyota and Mitsubishi reporting their best months ever (M)
The departure of Mr. Lasser, who is also a director of Marsh & McLennan, the insurance company that owns Putnam, was almost certainly hastened by the rising tide of customer defections from Putnam.
Before introduction of the Athlon in August, Advanced Micro lacked a high-performance product, and had no choice but to compete with Intel at the low end.
The Toyota Corolla and the new Chevrolet Cobalt from General Motors were the only small cars tested that received anything better than a rating of poor.
But it is offensive for Verizon to pay one shareholder more than others, as it now wants to do.
A group of eight other companies, led by Microsoft and Prodigy, wrote a letter to America Online's chairman, Stephen M. Case, arguing that the best thing he could do to further instant-message standards was to stop blocking their programs.
Mr. Kempf, who also presided over a humiliating $54 million sex discrimination settlement last year, has in many ways come to symbolize the grievances of Mr. Purcell's harshest critics, who accuse him of surrounding himself with a group of loyal executives and board members and losing touch with Morgan Stanley's core trading and banking business.
Just a few years ago, the tax-preparation giant H&R Block was making as much money from offering home loans to individuals with risky credit as it was preparing tax returns for millions of Americans.
Goodyear Cuts Jobs In Mexico
Modest Rally Fizzles After Merck's Warning on Earnings
The deal allows 3Com, which has fallen far behind Cisco, to sell Huawei's computer data routing equipment under the 3Com name outside of China and Japan.
National Transportation Safety Board begins investigating fire aboard Carnival cruise ship Ecstasy; some passengers say they smelled smoke long before crew told them of fire; other passangers aboard ship, which had just embarked on five-day trip from Miami to Cozumel, Mexico, when fire began in stern, complain that they were told little of what was going on; photo (M)
Microsoft had earlier considered joining Comcast to fight against AT&T, but decided instead to seek a partnership with AT&T to use Microsoft's Windows operating system in some of AT&T's cable-based communications systems.
Since then, Mr. Lewis has been visited by Gen. Michael E. Ryan, the Air Force Chief of Staff, has flown to Marietta, Ga., to visit the huge plant where Lockheed Martin is manufacturing the first F-22's, and has received a stinging letter from Secretary of Defense William S. Cohen warning him that ''I cannot accept a defense bill that kills this cornerstone program.''
But with its dispute with Cisco now contained, Huawei looks set to expand its cautious entry into North America and Europe.
''I had no doubt that Christian would be more Morgan Stanley than 95 percent of the people at Morgan Stanley,'' said Dr. William Curry, Mr. Curry's father.
He is said to be particularly incensed that John A. Thain, a former Goldman Sachs president and large shareholder, could have supported such a deal less than two years into his term as chief executive of the exchange.
Morgan Stanley had tried to limit the information it had to turn over and restrict what the commission could do with it.
John Leahy, Airbus's chief commercial officer, predicted that Boeing would be forced to build a competitor in the 450-plus passenger range, especially if its current largest, the 747-400, is phased out under pressure from the A380.
Frontier's shareholders could have maintained some equanimity through some of Global Crossing's drop.
CBS has become the first radio corporation to settle accusations of illicit pay-for-play practices made by Eliot Spitzer, the New York attorney general, as part of his continuing investigation of the music industry.
He is the first to face charges in the onslaught that hindered access to the World Wide Web sites of Yahoo, eBay and E*Trade, among others, and forced hundreds of other big-name sites to shore up their defenses against an invisible and far-flung threat.
Verizon's higher offer came a day after Qwest set an April 5 deadline for MCI to decide to accept or reject its offer.
Suzuki Motor of Japan said it would join General Motors as a partner in GM-Daewoo Auto and Technology, the company that has emerged from the complex deal under which General Motors is taking over the bankrupt Daewoo Motor.
''One region might have a more dialed-up pumpkin flavor depending on what we know about local tastes,'' said Tom Barr, who is charged with overseeing the new Starbucks food program.
But I know that only because a Wal-Mart spokeswoman told me that the site stocked 600,000 items, compared with the 100,000 products you would find in the average offline store.
David Stone, vice president of software and a key strategist for the Digital Equipment Corporation, has resigned from the struggling computer giant to become president of A.T.& T.'s Operations Systems Business unit within A.T.& T. Network Systems in Morristown, N.J.
Mr. Murdoch actually considered joining forces with Cablevision early this year, according to people close to the News Corporation, but decided that it would be too difficult to build a new satellite-television operation from scratch.
Sustaining that pace is critical for Wal-Mart, because high fuel prices have helped sap the buying power of Americans.
Johnson & Johnson to Sell Cancer Drug From Millennium Overseas
and no change in the accounting, which Merck asserted was not material because the revenues in question ''were less than 5 percent of Merck's consolidated sales'' at the time, according to SEC Insight, a research firm that obtained the documents.
The district court expressly stated, and I quote, that he had reluctantly come to the conclusion that a structural remedy has become imperative because, ''Microsoft as it is presently organized and led is unwilling to accept the notion that it broke the law or to accede to an order amending its conduct.''
''We called them the Cheap News Network because of the layoffs, and then we found out about the brutality with which the whole thing was being handled, and we changed it to the Cruel News Network.
Jeffrey Jones, president of American Chamber of Commerce in Korea, calls on committee of creditors running bankrupt Daewoo Motor to give company to General Motors Corp; says value of company is declining everyday; Pohang Iron and Steel denies reports company is considering takeover of Daewoo if GM fails to bid for it; photo (S)
Citigroup fell $5.04, or almost 16 percent, to $27, while J. P. Morgan Chase dropped $4.44, or 18 percent, to $20.08, trading at its lowest value since 1996.
Also on the board is C. Michael Armstrong, chairman of AT&T, which recently bought TCI, and Brian L. Roberts, president of Comcast, which AT&T just outbid in the takeover battle for another cable company, Mediaone.
As a result of these programs, the company's shipping loss during the quarter was $55 million, said Tom Szhutak, Amazon's chief finance officer.
Boeing estimated in 2004 that 4,290 planes would be ordered over the next 20 years; now Boeing has cut the estimate by 840 planes.
While Microsoft's arrival came as no surprise, the reality of having to compete with a giant had a sobering effect on Symantec investors, said Gene Munster, an analyst with Piper Jaffray.
So far the Century Strategies lobbying campaign has not clearly moved Mr. Bush into Microsoft's camp.
Procter paid for 20 trailers at its distribution center; the Federal Emergency Management Agency lent the company another 100.
For now, Mr. O'Brien of Forrester Research does not envision the Honor System transaction fees generating major revenue for Amazon.
The Government's lead lawyer accused a Microsoft executive of making up evidence at the antitrust trial today, and, after presenting the witness with his own E-mail contradicting his statements, forced him to correct his testimony.
There had also been some discussion within the Bancroft family of proposing to give the control board some power over newsroom budgets, and again, family members said it was not clear to them what would be in the proposal given to Mr. Murdoch.
Dick Hammill, Home Depot's senior vice president for marketing, who oversees the program from company headquarters, said of the athletes: ''They're disciplined.
Last December, under pressure from Wall Street and investors, McDonald's chief executive, Jack M. Greenberg, said he would step down at the end of the year.
Mr. Vincent said Schering-Plough had assured Biogen that it could make up for the Japanese price cut by aggressively increasing the volume of worldwide sales of its alpha interferon product, Intran A.
Mr. Fisher called the decision to fire Mr. Drexler a wrenching one, and he talked about the Gap culture among employees.
The airline, auto and credit-card companies feared that AOL and Microsoft might use their ID offerings -- which allow consumers to fill out a single form to shop on the Web, instead of having to fill out separate forms at many Web sites -- as a leverage point to lock in consumers and dominate Internet commerce.
AT&T, Writing Down Cable Assets, Posts Big Loss
Mr. Kempf, a hard-charging former Marine and a former top lawyer at the Chicago law firm of Kirkland & Ellis, is widely expected to retire from the firm at the conclusion of the Sunbeam trial, where Ronald O. Perelman, the corporate raider, is suing Morgan Stanley for $2.7 billion.
But Mr. Eskew said that profitability in the new, small stores may be lower than what Wal-Mart typically expects from its stores.
So far, turf battles have not prevented Citigroup from turning in superior financial results while many other big banks have stumbled badly.
The relentless drumbeat of negative news from Interpublic, even after assurances that all the financial bombshells about earnings restatements and division losses had been dropped, has resulted in a nearly empty reservoir of good will among shareholders and analysts.
But if Wal-Mart employees had doubts about the project, and the validity of Mr. Coughlin's expenses, they kept them private.
Fielding said he worried that Microsoft was examining its Windows code in mass reviews in which the participants were likely to fall asleep after looking at the first hundred lines of code.
Worries about the economy fueled by the results of retailers for April, including a report from Wal-Mart Stores that its monthly sales fell by the largest percentage on record, helped make for Wall Street's worst day in almost two months.
No one is suggesting that Microsoft intentionally violated the patent rights of any other company or individual.
Even earlier, the Apple II in 1977 was mostly beige, and the first cuddly Macintosh in 1984 was beige, though it was no conventional box.
A federal judge would presumably weigh the likelihood that Windows XP violates the law, and the anticompetitive harm that would result from allowing Microsoft to proceed, against the economic harm that might result from forcing changes in Windows XP.
The grass has a gene that allows it to withstand Monsanto's Roundup herbicide, allowing groundskeepers to spray herbicide to kill weeds while leaving the grass intact.
American International Group chief executive Maurice R Greenberg, who is strong advocate of government help in providing general terrorism coverage, urges that Federal government get out of business of providing terrorism coverage for US airlines for damage on ground; Greenberg says his company and other private insurers, which refused to sell coverage after Sept 11 terrorist attacks, are now willing to do so; says for government to continue subsidized insurance program for airlines would only stymie full development of commercial insurance market; private insurers have continued to provide full coverage for passengers and $50 million for ground damages, far short of $1 billion minimum required by lenders and many national regulators; Greenberg sends his proposal to Transportation Sec Norman Y Mineta; Air Transport Association says it is too soon to end government program because private coverage is not yet being offered at prices that are 'commercially reasonable'; photo (M)
In deferential tones, Ms. Thompson argued that the narrow focus of Wal-Mart's proposed bank -- cutting out a third party in credit card transactions -- posed no threat to the banking industry and would, in fact, benefit communities by saving the chain millions of dollars that it could pass on to shoppers in the form of lower prices.
Dr Isaac Wiener, cardiologist and expert witness called by plaintiffs in lawsuit against Merck, tells jurors that painkiller Vioxx probably led to death of Robert Ernst; his view could be supported b Dr Maria M Araneta, coronor who conducted Ernst's autopsy, if Judge Ben Hardin allows her to testify; Araneta, whose autopsy attributed Ernst's death to arrhythmia, says in interview that she thinks that Ernst could have suffered heart attack; photo (M)
Gap Inc. stunned investors yesterday evening by announcing after the stock market closed that sales in stores open at least a year, a well-watched industry measurement, would decline 14 percent in August.
Kiplinger Tax Cut, published by unit of H & R Block Inc, raises its share of market for tax-preparation software to 28.2 percent after aggressive price-cutting; industry leader, Intuit Inc, sees its share of units sold at retail fall to 71.6 percent from 89.3 percent (S)
The dispute broke out last week when the Microsoft Corporation introduced new software that lets users send instant messages both to users of Microsoft's Hotmail service and to users of the America Online service as well as others who use the AOL Instant Messenger, or AIM, software.
But certain companies whose debt is rated by Moody's ''would probably prefer that we did not move ratings more frequently,'' Mr. Mahoney said.
Without such details, it is unclear whether the latest changes will move Wal-Mart employees off state Medicaid rolls and onto Wal-Mart's insurance plans, a change state legislators have pushed for with their proposed legislation.
This new fight is occurring as Microsoft, the world's largest software company, moves to the final stages of its legal dispute with antitrust regulators in Europe over its right to integrate features of its competitors' products into its Windows operating system.
One might at least hope that the thief in the Boeing incident was simply after the laptop, rather than the data.
The Paris-based group Reporters Without Borders revealed last Wednesday that a Chinese division of Yahoo had provided information to authorities that contributed to the conviction in 2003 of Li Zhi, a former civil servant who had criticized local officials online.
Coca-Cola Co reports 13.2 percent drop in first-quarter earnings, to $857 million; operating income grows to $1.282 billion, from $1.142 bilion in year-earlier quarter; Coca-Cola attributes earnings decline to devalued currencies in many countries where it does business; chart (L)
Interpublic Group of Companies says net income in fourth quarter was $20.3 million compared with restated net income of $96.4 million year earlier; revenue was $1.67 billion, down 3.8 percent from $1.73 billion; net income in 2002 was $99.5 million in contrast to restated loss of $534.5 million in 2001; revenue was $6.2 billion, down 8.7 percent from $6.79 billion; top executives warn of possible additional write-downs in current quarter along with further layoffs, and lower their forecasts for revenue and net income per share for 2003 (M)
McDonald's, which has long symbolized to some people the American way of eating the way that General Motors once represented the open road, is struggling with an identity crisis.
Market Place; Oracle Stock Hit by 29% Loss as Profits Disappoint
Rupert Murdoch's decision to cancel O J Simpson television and book project by subsidiaries of News Corp is rare acknowledgment that there are limits; Murdoch's media programming has filled lucrative niche by never being afraid to push limits of taste; Murdoch scuttles venture after it generated outrage both within and outside his company even as copies of Simpson book were en route to bookstores and as publicity for coming TV special on Fox was under way; Murdoch says venture was ill-conceived project; apologizes to families of Ron Goldman and Nicole Brown Simpson for any pain issue has caused; photo (M)
Amgen, the nation's largest biotechnology company, said the deal would help it develop drugs for cancer and inflammation.
And Chevron was also in talks earlier this year to acquire Texaco Inc., but Texaco rejected the overture.
After two years of lackluster earnings and heavy criticism, Motorola has moved swiftly in the last six months.
In an attempt to collect, Mr. Jacobs and the trustee of Mr. Casey's estate filed a copyright infringement suit last month in federal court in Manhattan against the owners of Carnival Cruise Lines, Celebrity Cruises and several others.
Bid by Chevron In Big Oil Deal Thwarts China
The Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company, wrestling with high raw material costs, a weak euro and lower-than-expected sales, said yesterday that it was unlikely to post any profit for the third quarter and that it might even lose money.
After Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson found Microsoft in wide violation of state and federal antitrust laws on April 3, he told lawyers for both sides that he wanted to complete the penalty, or remedy, phase of the case within 60 days.
Judge Jenkins did not rule on the merits of the lawsuit but found that patterns and practices at Wal-Mart had affected women beyond the small group of plaintiffs, paving the way to certify the class.
But, in a victory for Wal-Mart, he rejected the plaintiffs' request for class action for all the women regarding claims for lost pay over discrimination in promotions.
Xerox said it had received last-minute waivers from its lenders and that in any event it would have had to pay only $220 million, a sum amply covered by its $2 billion in cash.
The consumer advocate and corporate critic Ralph Nader, never a favorite of conservatives who oppose broad government regulation of business, now finds himself on the same side as Bob Dole and Robert H. Bork in their efforts to persuade the Justice Department to crack down on the Microsoft Corporation.
In addition, McDonald's said it was reviewing its worldwide budget for possible cuts.
Other evidence presented by the plaintiffs' lawyers at trial yesterday gave an account of how Microsoft violated a signed secrecy agreement with Go and showed that Microsoft possessed technical documents from Go that it should not have had access to.
Shares in Marriott International fell sharply yesterday after the tentative deal was reported, although some analysts and investors said they believed the market had overreacted to the news.
Then the Justice Department sued to block Oracle's hostile bid, claiming it was anticompetitive because it would reduce the number of major rivals in the business software market from three to two, which could drive up prices.
The management of the warehouse, which belongs to a local franchise bottler and not to PepsiCo, the American owner of the Pepsi-Cola brand, said in a statement that no one had been injured in the incident.
The commission is asking Microsoft to drop a clause from its contracts with computer makers that prevents them from suing Microsoft for patent infringement.
Does the fact that Exxon Mobil now hands out real stock -- rather than options -- discourage risk-taking by the people running the world's largest company?
To compensate for diminishing demand, General Motors and Ford Motor have gone to new lengths in their price war.
The companies that will carry AT&T calls to businesses from the point where AT&T's lines stop are American Communications Services Inc., Brooks Fiber Properties, Hyperion Telecommunications, Intelcom Group Inc. and the Time Warner Communications unit  of Time Warner Inc. AT&T is also talking with the seven Baby Bell phone companies and with the GTE Corporation about connecting with the local phone networks.
The lobbying effort also included representatives of Boeing's unionized work force, and the mayor of Long Beach, who met with Mr. Wynne, the Air Force secretary, earlier this year.
Yesterday, by bidding up Disney's share price 14.6 percent, to $27.60 while beating down Comcast's 8.6 percent to $30.10, investors seemed to be betting that the initial $54.1 billion offer was only a starting point.
Citigroup never replaced the large blocks of office space it lost in the attack on the World Trade Center.
To help clients who worked in the broken buildings, Aon specialists are being flown in from Dallas, Chicago and other offices.
Johnson & Johnson will also pay a double-digit royalty and at least 40 percent of the costs of clinical trials for the drug.
case was in part a result of conflicts of interest because chief accountants at the agency formerly helped Waste Management in its restatement of earnings that led to the investigation.
Even so, David B. Yoffie, a Harvard Business School professor and Intel director, said that while the company did face new obstacles, it had managed to move nimbly to adapt to market shifts in the past.
A critical piece of the puzzle, Motorola and Cisco say, is that the wireless transmissions would be delivered using an Internet Protocol platform would be compatible with all wireless formats.
RealNetworks plans to put its digital music offerings on sale at half price as part of aggressive strategy to force its way onto Apple Computer Inc's popular iPod digital music player; acknowledges that sale--which lowers price of songs on online RealPlayer Music Store to 49 cents and cost of most albums to $4.99, tentatively through Labor Day--would have impact on company's finances; RealNetworks' founder-chief executive Rob Glaser comments (M)
For Morgan Stanley, the case has been an embarrassment and it has played into the hands of eight retired Morgan Stanley executives who proposed last week that the firm be split in two.
And perhaps most significant, the Government is seeking a far more limited remedy in the Intel case than it is contemplating in the Microsoft case.
The complaint also challenged the deal in Texas on the ground that it would give Aetna too much control over many physicians, leaving them highly vulnerable in the event they became embroiled in a dispute with the insurer.
But analysts worry that many were focusing on personal postmerger prospects or on reshaping Honeywell as a component of G.E.
The European sanctions were harsher than those imposed on Microsoft in the United States.
At the conference Mr. Gates also showed a system called Spynet, which makes it possible for Microsoft to collect data needed to counter attacks.
Pfizer's deal could pressure rivals like GlaxoSmithKline, which has been struggling to discover enough new drugs to make up for those now losing their patent protection, to make acquisitions simply to remain competitive.
Although Government officials and Intel executives said they could not disclose the precise terms of the proposed settlement until it had been formally submitted to the Federal Trade Commission, officials did say that it achieved the purpose of the lawsuit.
Europeans Doubt Microsoft Is Obeying Antitrust Order
But the third complaint brought by the Government, requesting employment records at two Boeing plants in Wichita, was not resolved and is scheduled to be heard next month.
In his opening statement, David Kiernan, a lawyer for Merck, said that the jury should pay close attention to Dr. Araneta's autopsy because she was an unbiased observer who completed her report long before any lawsuit was filed.
Mr. Kent wrote in his Oct. 21 note that Marriott had declined to disclose how many hotels in its portfolio were not paying cash interest on Marriott loans.
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration releases first batch of crash test results for 2005 model cars and trucks and it is not good news for Ford Motor Co; four-wheel drive versions of Ford Ranger and Mazda B-Series pickup trucks earned only two out of five stars in roll-over ratings; agency says two vehicles have 30 percent likelihood of rolling over in single-vehicle crash, unusually high risk profile; says passengers in back seat of Ford Focus hatchback have high risk of head injury from side-impact tests; new Ford Freestyle, blend of SUV and station wagon, is assessed at 15 percent rollover risk, lowest of 11 vehicles graded by government in its first batch of testing (M)
Iron Mountain, which is based in Boston, said it lost track of the bar-coded container holding the tapes after picking it up from Time Warner in Manhattan on March 22.
Dissatisfaction with Michael D Eisner by members of Walt Disney Co's board may be broader than previously realized, but few in Hollywood think Eisner is in imminent danger of losing his job; Eisner is believed to have at least until November to demonstate that he is addressing company's problems; it will take at least that long to see how fall television season is faring for Disney's ABC network--and for board to address its own organizational problems and crystallize alliances among Eisner's opponents and supporters; Eisner's boardroom critics go beyond most vocal so far, Roy E Disney, nephew of late Walt Disney, and Stanley P Gold, chief executive of Shamrock Holdings, which manages Disney family fortune; Andrea L Van de Kamp, chairwoman of West Coast unit of Sotheby auction house, expressed concerns to Eisner last month about lowly status of ABC network and seeming lack of planning for his eventual successor; graph; photo (M)
Polo Ralph Lauren will also assume $25 million to $28 million (United States) in debt.
The E.E.O.C., which enforces civil rights laws in the workplace, has been investigating complaints of discrimination filed by five women who are current or former employees of Morgan Stanley.
Last month, after being contacted by Adobe, Elcomsoft stopped selling the controversial software.
Wal-Mart said it would appeal the class-action certification, arguing that the company did not discriminate and that decisions about raises and promotion were made by individual stores, not at the corporate level.
The Fitch rating outlook on Interpublic, which has about $3 billion in debt, remains negative.
When Wal-Mart Stores proposed in 1990 building its first outlet in Vermont, in the village of Williston, it started a fight that turned ugly quickly.
No company has more at stake in managing this issue than I.B.M., which holds the world's largest portfolio of patents.
William Clay Ford Jr, great-grandson of Henry Ford, assumes control of Ford Motor Co as sole chief executive, ending awkward power sharing arrangement with ousted Jacques Nasser; says there is need for change in company's top ranks, which has been struggling to devise turnaround plan, especially since September 11 terrorist attacks has worsened already bleak outlook for automobile industry; has solid support of extended Ford family, which holds 6 percent of stock and just 3 of 14 seats on board of directors, but voting rights that gives it effective control of company; company's problems include loss of market share, two consecutive quarterly losses, frayed relations with dealers, lowered credit rating and dwindling of cash reserves; graphs; charts; photos (M)
Microsoft made the announcement after several news organizations, including Time magazine, reported that Mr. Myhrvold was leaving after a falling out with Microsoft's president, Steven A. Ballmer.
The computer security industry has generally been skeptical of Microsoft's security efforts because the company has struggled against viruses and is often blamed for the problems that plague many personal computers.
That pay package is almost 25 percent higher than the $15.2 million that Morgan Stanley's chief executive, Philip J. Purcell, received last year.
The suit, brought under the Alien Tort Claims Act, seeks damages and continuing medical care for those in the study, along with an order enjoining Pfizer from conducting illegal human experimentation anywhere in the world.
The market's response indicates not only that Comcast's bid was something of a low-ball offer but that investors are worried that Comcast -- like many companies before it -- may lose its financial head and start bidding up its offer.
Citigroup said the largest portion of the job cuts would occur in the consumer business.
She was also named chief operating officer, a title Xerox traditionally uses as easily broken code for heir apparent.
In a speech at the RSA computer security conference, Mr. Gates, Microsoft's chairman, said the company was making progress in its fight against spam, adding that ''phishing'' software scams were the fastest-growing security problem the company faced.
Yale University's director of information technology, Daniel A Updegrove, is being besieged with flood of hate E-mail since sending letter to incoming freshmen, steering them toward purchase of personal computers using Microsoft's Windows and microprocessors from Intel, and away from Apple Computer's Macintoshes; Updegrove says he was unaware that Yale had applied for grant from Intel at same time; Apple devotees are skeptical about such a seeming coincidence; Yale did receive $2.7 million 'Technology for Education 2000' grant from Intel; Updegrove points out that shift at Yale away from Mac's has been under way, without any prodding, for last several years; photo (M)
For the second time this month, Waste Management Inc. has warned investors that its second-quarter earnings will be tepid at best.
''That's what Amazon has done, and to me it raises serious alarm bells.''
The dispute with General Motors appears to be more serious.
If there was no measurable damage to competition, Microsoft argues, then legal precedent dictates the court should only narrowly limit the company's future business practices.
Hostilities broke out between the two companies last month, when Mr. Jobs announced the music phone at the annual Macworld convention in San Francisco.
The disruption of the Bochum plant could have a ripple effect across General Motors' European network, according to analysts.
It is not easy to make money off a product that consumers must install themselves when the consumers already own Microsoft's version, which comes already installed.
Analysts say that the News Corporation can use its size to lower expenses for satellite equipment, possibly enabling the company to set lower prices, while using its channels to promote DirecTV.
Mr. Downs, the Coca-Cola Enterprises spokesman, said he was aware of Mr. Metzger's complaint, but had no further comment.
Frederick W. Smith, the chairman and chief executive of FedEx, faced with a rapidly growing cargo market, cited Airbus's recent decision to delay delivery of the superjumbo jet for at least two years as the reason for shifting its order to Boeing.
And the accusations against it in the Exxon Mobil case, like the use of torture and murder, have long been in the public realm.
The lawsuit, filed by Mattel in 1999 against the artist, Tom Forsythe of Kanab, Utah, had previously been dismissed by a federal judge in Los Angeles, The Associated Press reported.
ITEM -- Haunted House  STARTING BID -- $35,000  EBAY ITEM NUMBER -- 3864683577
In a conference call with Wall Street analysts in April 2002, Sanford I. Weill, Citigroup's chief executive at the time, outlined the scope of the bank's troubles in Argentina.
In court, Mr. Perelman contended that Morgan Stanley, which was advising Sunbeam, disguised its troubled finances.
But lawyers for Merck implored the jury not to hold Merck responsible for Mr. Ernst's death, saying that Mr. Lanier had never proved that Vioxx caused Mr. Ernst to die in his bed on May 6, 2001.
Although eBay polices premium ticket sales to ensure that sellers follow state pricing laws, the site's buyer-beware stance scared me off.
But Jacqueline Woods, vice president for global practices at Oracle, said Oracle would not enforce its definition of the contract or charge confused customers additional fees.
Attorneys general from some of most populous states met secretly in Chicago last week to assess their own strategy for possible antitrust action against computer software giant Microsoft Corp; have not disclosed which states are involved and which of Microsoft's business practices they want to remedy; California, Connecticut, Massachusetts and Oregon have each opened own probes and Texas is already suing company (M)
With characteristic bluntness, Herbert D. Kelleher, the chairman and chief executive of the Southwest Airlines Company, informed employees yesterday that he was starting eight weeks of radiation treatment for prostate cancer in Houston.
If Verizon does not raise, some MCI shareholders may complain.
and Microsoft, which makes the software that the worm exploits.
There is thus no way for this court to know what the district court saw as the need for or the feasibility of either the breakup or the many so-called conduct provisions of the decree which seek to regulate virtually every aspect of Microsoft's business.
But analysts also question the government argument -- that a breakup is needed because Microsoft, left unchecked, threatens to use its desktop monopoly to capture the markets for servers and handheld devices.
Last month, for example, Pfizer disappointed Wall Street with second-quarter results that showed flat sales for Viagra and Zithromax, two of its top-selling drugs.
Although the problem affects less than 1 percent of Coca-Cola's global sales, it is the biggest product recall in the company's history.
CBS also agreed not to sell advertising time that could be used to distort a song's performance on industry charts unless it notified the two companies that monitor radio airplay.
A CONTEST offering a reward for proof that Amazon.com did not originate the idea behind its ''one-click'' patent ended last week without finding a clear winner.
THE Interpublic Group of Companies suffered another series of setbacks yesterday to its efforts to regain its footing.
Mr. McNealy groused that it was difficult to compete against Mr. Gates, a man he suggested was able to ''personally overdraw his checkbook by $400 million'' -- a seeming allusion to Microsoft's recent purchase of the WebTV Networks, which provide Internet access through television sets.
''But Kodak is one of our largest taxpayers, and there's got to be some short-term pain to get it back to a pre-eminent position.''
In a telephone interview yesterday, Mr. Pataki said the deal with International Paper strikes the right balance between conserving the environment and protecting the region's economy.
For four months, in a Federal courtroom in Washington, the Government has relentlessly portrayed the Microsoft Corporation as a bullying monopolist.
Their chants alternated between protesting Mr. Cheney's connection with Halliburton and any administration plans to invade Iraq.
Mr. Lessig, who has declined to comment on the case since his appointment by Judge Jackson on Dec. 11, filed his own response yesterday to Microsoft's accusations at the request of the judge.
US Airways faces a threat to its survival from Southwest Airlines, soon to invade its Philadelphia hub, and needs to clinch a third round of labor contract concessions quickly, the airline's chief executive said yesterday.
Goodyear also said the errors would cause a $120 million adjustment in shareholder equity on the balance sheet.
He termed Microsoft's assault on Judge Jackson's work ''uncommon but understandable.''
Citigroup has set aside $6.7 billion in all to cover its litigation exposure.
Microsoft filed its trademark suit against Lindows.com, saying it was using a copycat name, and then asked the court for a preliminary injunction to halt quickly what it deemed an illegal practice by an emerging rival.
Xerox also took a $196 million charge to cover the costs of shutting down this business and expects to take additional charges next quarter.
Kodak expects that digital products and services, which do not provide the rich margins of conventional film and processing in either consumer or professional markets, will account for $9.5 billion of 2006 sales, up from $3.5 billion last year.
''We're not involved in this patent dispute between Microsoft and Alcatel-Lucent,'' she said by e-mail.
The company wasted little time reminding executives of Pfizer's sizzling historic financial performance in comparison with many of its competitors.
Moreover, media companies with significant news operations are facing increased costs to cover the ensuing fight against terrorism.
For almost a decade, researchers at Pfizer struggled to show that Viagra, the male impotence drug, could enhance sexual function in women.
The decision came in response to Microsoft's request that sanctions ordered last March by the European Commission be suspended until the conclusion of a lengthy review of the decision.
Measuring from the bottom may seem unfair to Microsoft, since it did not fall as far as many stocks did during the bear market and therefore had less ground to make up.
EBay has already run into problems in China from not being a Chinese company.
The Jones Apparel Group lowered its full-year profit forecast yesterday, largely because of the loss of the Lauren sportswear license, which the company gave back to Polo Ralph Lauren in June during a bitter dispute that has led to litigation.
Corporate America, once considered anathema to all things entrepreneurial, is becoming a birthing ground for start-up businesses; often, big companies let fledgling firms buy into their benefits programs, use their lawyers and other support staff and drop their name with customers; but the small companies manage their own budgets, design their own compensation plans and live or die by their own decisions; example cited of giant Xerox Corp, which two years ago started a New Enterprises division, whose sole purpose is to keep promising products from falling through corporate cracks; group spun out Chrystal Software as a separate company, which Xerox expects to take public next year; drawing (Special section on entrepreneurship in America) (M)
Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation, still groping for on-line strategy, is negotiating to buy Pointcast Inc, Internet information distributor, but two sides reportedly remain far apart on price; has reportedly offered Pointcast approximately $400 million, but executives of Pointcast are reportedly demanding far more (M)
But two deals involving Goldman Sachs raised questions about whether investment banks were prepared to risk going hostile on deals.
ABC News correspondent Sam Donaldson concedes he and Disney-owned network erred in splicing scenes from Walt Disney Co movie Pearl Harbor into his Webcast on Japanese 1941 attack on Pearl Harbor; movie raises issue for other journalists of how to describe attack in light of Japanese-American sensitivities; photo (M)
Even steering wheels could become obsolete in the new concept car, above, proposed by researchers at the Media Lab at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in consultation with the architect Frank Gehry and General Motors.
Looking for an advantage in the next round of the video-console wars, Microsoft has made the first move.
Lawrence J. Ellison, chief executive of Oracle, has consistently argued that the market for business enterprise software is highly competitive, with hundreds of companies taking part.
National Highway Transportation Safety Administration, which is trying to determine how much Ford Motor Co knew about defective tires used on its Explorers, demands that company provide detailed information on any tire problems in 16 countries outside US; company and agency are under increasing political pressure, particularly as it has become clear that for nearly two years Ford received complaints from overseas about possible problems with Firestone tires on its Explorers but did not recall them until now; Venezuelan agency is expected to issue a report criticizing both Ford and Firestone for the way they handled tire problems there; photo (M)
Many investors have lost patience with Paul A. Allaire, the former chairman that Xerox brought back  to lead its turnaround.
In the New Orleans case, a federal jury found unanimously that Merck had failed to warn doctors about Vioxx's risks and was responsible for the heart attack suffered by the retired agent, Gerald Barnett, 62.
; Christian Curry Found Trouble at Morgan Stanley
David Katz, the chief investment officer of Matrix Asset Advisors, which manages about $1.5 billion, said the decline reflected Wall Street's panic over potential product liability lawsuits rather than a careful calculation of the real impact of the Celebrex problems on Pfizer.
Jurors still have to consider possible additional punitive damages, and the bigger the total, the more likely Morgan Stanley will try to force Kirkland & Ellis to help pay the bill.
After signing a contract with the government of Indonesia in September that ended four years of squabbling over how to split revenue from an oil field near Cepu on the island of Java, Exxon Mobil and the state-owned oil company Pertamina are now in a dispute over how the project should be run.
Johnson & Johnson, a major advertiser on USA, said yesterday that it had expressed concerns about the film to network executives, but it denied undertaking any further intervention.
Adidas executives stress that their headquarters are open to pedestrians, while the Nike campus is behind an earthen berm embossed with the corporate logo.
Cisco Systems added to that concern late Friday when it said it would cut as much as 11 percent of its full-time work force.
Intel executives also contend that the agency will be unable to show that the company's decision to withhold information from its customers resulted in any harm to competition or kept chip prices artificially high.
Standard & Poor's kept its outlook at negative for the Interpublic long-term credit rating, which is BB-.
Earnings of largest Wall Street firms continue to suffer; Morgan Stanley reports fourth-quarter net earnings are down 16 percent from 2001 period; profit for all of 2002 is down 13 percent; Goldman Sachs Group reports earnings rose 2 percent in fourth quarter from 2001 period; full-year earnings fell 6 percent; Lehman Brothers, midlevel firm, reports net earnings for year fell 18 percent; fourth-quarter earnings are up 87 percent (M)
The filing, these experts say, also strongly suggests the line of legal argument Microsoft is likely to take if it loses before Judge Jackson and appeals his ruling.
He said that Kodak, which restated its earnings for the previous years in April, is still in the process of addressing problems in its accounting for income taxes, which led to the restatements.
Morgan Stanley denies that allegation and said that it would soon explain the payment.
Criminal investigators at FDA have apparently become involved in agency's inquiry into how Guidant Corporation handled problems with its heart devices; FDA has been looking into several issues involving Guidant, including whether it properly reported failures of some of its heart devices and manufacturing changes to correct problems; disclosure comes as pending $25.4 billion takeover by Johnson & Johnson of Guidant nears completion (M)
And with Cisco and its kin so expensive, Mr. Sagawa predicted, investors would react badly to a slowdown.
At 63 pages, the Intel rebuttal was 15 pages longer than the lawsuit itself.
The News Corporation said yesterday that Lachlan Murdoch, the oldest son of the company's chairman, Rupert Murdoch, had been named deputy chief operating officer, the No.
Moody's Investors Service lowers underlying rating on nearly $1 billion in bonds for new International Arrivals Terminal at Kennedy International Airport to Baa3 from Baa2; photo (S)
While it has been found to have violated the nation's antitrust laws, Microsoft replies that the ruling against it should have no impact on its plans to ship Windows XP.
Level 3 Communications says its loss in second quarter widened to $731 million from $281 million year earlier; graph (S)
The decision was in response to a petition filed by Verizon Wireless last July to drop the number-portability requirement altogether.
In June, a federal district judge found Microsoft to have violated antitrust laws and ordered it to be broken in two.
The biggest question in the auto industry this summer is how the enormous factory here is still churning out Saturn cars a month after strikes at parts factories in Flint, Mich., forced every other General Motors assembly plant in the United States to close.
Recently there have indeed been some arrests for computer attacks that capitalized on Microsoft software flaws.
Verizon estimates its refund at about $40 million, not counting interest, and the water utilities estimate theirs at $8 million, plus interest.
Weak demand and higher-than-expected costs will lead Boeing Satellite Systems, the division that makes satellites, to take a $265 million write-off.
The proposal is quite similar to one that the Government charges Microsoft made to Netscape several years later, an accusation that Microsoft denies.
Interpublic, which delayed its earnings report last week to give its audit committee time to review its accounting, attributed the restatement to transactions between units of the company involving the European operations of McCann-Erickson Worldwide Advertising, part of the McCann-Erickson World Group unit.
Japanese companies continued to dominate the list, although I.B.M.
Bank of America has invested heavily in its big retail branch network, which stretches across the United States but has limited ambitions overseas.
A spokeswoman for Sony could not be reached, nor could a spokesman for Time Warner.
David J. Carlson, a California art dealer who employs three ''e-pickers'' to search for authentic paintings on eBay that he might buy for resale, said that he had seen a recent drop-off in obviously fraudulent activity on the site.
Mr. Glaser said he first became concerned about the problem caused by Microsoft's new program, and the potential effect on his company, in May.
The AES Corporation of Arlington, Va., said yesterday that Venezuela's largest telephone company had failed to provide investors in the United States with precise information in the latest chapter of one of Latin America's most visible hostile takeover disputes.
A spokesman for Pfizer, Andy McCormick, said yesterday that the lawsuit dealt with events that occurred about four years before Pfizer acquired Warner-Lambert.
Box-office disappointment for Walt Disney Co's animated feature Treasure Planet has some in Hollywood concerned that Disney's animated division is running out of gas; opthers, however, are counseling patience; Disney announces that it is lowering its 2002 earning estimates as result of unexpectedly weak performance; $140 million production sold only $16.6 million of tickets in North American theaters in its first five days of release; photo (M)
Between 1986 and 1992, Mr. Coughlin was responsible for investigating employee theft and abuse at Wal-Mart's Sam's Club warehouse unit, the complaint said.
Henry A. Schimberg, president and chief executive of Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc., the parent bottling company in Atlanta, said, ''All the affected pallets have been removed from the plant and from the trade.''
Two months ago, Coca-Cola Enterprises countersued B. K. Miller, contending breach of contract, fraud and other offenses in connection with the transshipping accusations.
And just because the board has said no does not mean that Comcast will simply go away.
''The E-mail record shows that Apple wanted Microsoft to adopt its technology, which is what the Government is accusing Microsoft of doing as an illegal act,'' said Mark Murray, a Microsoft spokesman.
It will be weeks before the damage to Coca-Cola can be fully assessed.
Correction:  October 21, 2000, Saturday  An article and an illustration in Business Day on Thursday tracing troubles at the Xerox Corporation misstated the role of the company's Palo Alto Research Center in developing the computer mouse.
Some analysts have questioned whether Pfizer may have miscalculated in its attempt to take over Warner-Lambert, especially if the company risks losing its take of the Lipitor revenue.
But Books-a-Million was offering a $5 coupon that canceled out its $5 membership fee and lower prices on all of the books, altogether more than offseting its shipping charges, which were higher than Amazon's.
Mr. Luftman said Time Warner was taking the Fox threat very seriously.
He spoke with a tone of skepticism that had several lawyers at Microsoft's table leaning forward tensely, mouths half open.
Six female employees of Wal-Mart Stores filed a federal lawsuit yesterday, accusing the company of engaging in widespread discrimination against women.
For example, a lobbying campaign in Congress in 1999 to cut the budget of the Justice Department's antitrust division failed -- and served to embarrass the company, Microsoft executives acknowledged at the time.
Making matters worse, Motorola is also confronted with some challenges beyond its control.
Michael L. Mayo, an analyst with Prudential Financial, released a report estimating legal and regulatory liabilities of $10 billion for Citigroup as a result of its business with the two bankrupt companies along with other corporate scandals.
PeopleSoft has stumbled since Oracle made its bid, hurt by the turmoil caused by the takeover battle and unexpected difficulties in meshing its operations with J.D.
The documents were provided to The New York Times by WakeUpWalMart.com, a group funded by the United Food and Commercial Workers union, which fears that Wal-Mart will undermine unionized stores.
What Microsoft wants, Mr. Anderson said, is a beachhead in a still uncertain technological era.
''This will still leave Aetna with a tremendous piece of the market.
Questioning from Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson helped Mr. Boies by leading to the central issue of whether Microsoft could raise prices with impunity, a hallmark of the monopolist.
Excerpts From the Ruling That Microsoft Violated Antitrust Law
Entergy is not alone; Peco Energy of Philadelphia is also seeking to manage nuclear plants.
In an attempt to keep European regulators from blocking a $20 billion merger, Time Warner and the EMI Group today proposed what they called ''substantial'' concessions that might include selling some of their record labels.
Boeing said that Bush administration officials had been informed of its partnerships and had indicated their approval, but no one at the news conference here today would answer questions about how they would be received in Europe.
Tentative deal for General Motors to take over major assets of Daewoo Motor raises speculation about future of South Korean company and its struggling American operations (S)
Connecticut Judge Julia DiCocco Dewey says affidavit filed by Jane B Welch in her pending divorce from former General Electric chief executive John F Welch Jr must be revised to meet state guidelines; says filing will have to include Mrs Welch's assets, liabilities, income and expenses and that it cannot include opinion or characterizations of couple's lifestyle (M)
But his nearly two-and-a-half-hour appearance before the Council's Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management also raised again and again the question of whether budget cutting -- however dire the emergency -- could justify rethinking what many council members said were political and philosophical issues that had seemed long settled, like the value of recycling.
Federal regulators trying to determine how much the Ford Motor Company knew about defective tires used on its Explorers expanded their investigation today by demanding that the company provide detailed information on any tire problems in 16 countries outside the United States.
Company reports show AT&T Wireless had the most defections by customers in the first quarter, while Verizon Wireless had the fewest.
Mr. Allaire has also attacked Xerox's attitude toward its markets.
Citigroup Inc chairman-chief executive Sanford I Weill, in letter to employees, says he regrets pain they felt over criticism of bank's involvement with Enron Corp and WorldCom Inc; says Citigroup's work for Enron was legal and complied with accounting standards and industry practices on Wall Street; says company has bought nearly $2 billion worth of its shares this month; adds slide in Citigroup's stock is 'completely disconnected' from company's financial condition; Senate staff members call on Merrill Lynch & Co to produce employees who can explain Merrill's dealings with Enron on July 30; Senate Subcommittee on Investigations sends letter to Weill and J P Morgan Chase chief executive William B Harrison Jr asking more questions about transactions with Enron (M)
The moves come in the wake of the latest broadside by the group of eight retired Morgan Stanley executives who have been lobbying the Morgan Stanley board to oust Mr. Purcell.
The reports had been scheduled to be released this month and the delay came after Interpublic said it had found problems related to hundreds of acquisitions made under previous management from 1996 to 2001.
In a report released yesterday, Express Scripts said that some studies have justified the high price of Celebrex and Vioxx because they appear to reduce the risk of ulcers, which can be a side effect of taking anti-inflammatory pain relievers.
Two weeks ago, Jeffrey W. Greenberg, the chief executive of Marsh & McLennan, resigned as part of an agreement between company officers and Mr. Spitzer that headed off a criminal prosecution of the company.
''Today, it's very difficult to see a Reebok, an Adidas and a Nike commercial and differentiate.''
The policy changes come 16 months after Kellogg and Viacom, the parent company of Nickelodeon, were threatened with a lawsuit over their advertising to children by two advocacy groups, the Center for Science in the Public Interest and the Campaign for a Commercial-Free Childhood, and two Massachusetts parents.
Oracle plans to ask Delaware court to dismantle poison pill adopted by PeopleSoft to prevent takeover (S)
According to CERT, among the roughly 250 companies with products that are vulnerable are Microsoft, Cisco, 3Com and Hewlett-Packard.
''One of the difficulties for some engineers is being able to finally reach a conclusion and move out, because the alternatives can be evaluated indefinitely,'' said Frank A. Shrontz, the current Boeing chairman, who will retire next month.
THE Procter & Gamble Company said yesterday that it had dismissed Wells BDDP Inc., removing all its accounts, with billings estimated at $125 million, and delivering a damaging blow to an agency already in turmoil.
Apple Computer Inc posts loss of $120 million for its first quarter, compared with loss of $69 million in comparable period year ago, and says it does not expect to return to profitability as quickly as it had predicted; Sun Microsystems Inc reports record revenues and earnings for its second quarter, exceeding analyst estimates; Sun had earnings of $178.3 million, up 41 percent from $126 million in period a year earlier; sales were $2.08 billion, up nearly 19 percent; charts (L)
ImClone Systems Inc's former chief executive Dr Samuel D Waksal, who was arrested on insider trading charges, declines to testify to Congress, citing his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination; Dr Harlan W Waksal, Samuel Waksal's brother and successor, endures long and hostile questioning, denying accusations by congressmen that ImClone misled Food and Drug Administration in seeking approval of its drug Erbitux; Congressional subcommittee presents internal memos suggesting that ImClone and its partner in developing drug, Bristol-Myers Squibb, might have tried to minimize publicly seriousness of FDA's concerns after ImClone's application to agency was turned away as deficient; subcommittee also presents evidence that Bristol-Myers had concerns about ImClone's data before it agreed last fall to pay $2 billion for stake in company and rights to drug; Bristol-Myers senior vice president Dr Laurie Smaldone tells panel company's own analysis was based on worst-case assumption and that even lower response rate was 'really unheard-of' for this class of cancer patients; photos (M)
''Taking into consideration the guidance from both First Union and Bank of America, that no longer looks to be the case.''
Resignation of Aetna Inc's financial executive James H Dickerson Jr sends company's stock down nearly 12 percent; stock drops $9.375, to $69.50; analysts say resignation raises prospect that a second quarter of disappointing earnings looms (L)
Paul Patterson, an industry analyst with ABN Amro, a New York based investment firm, said it was unclear whether Southern California Edison's creditors would continue to be patient, given that the state Senate had already once failed to act on Gov.
General Motors and Ford Motor say their US sales for June had double-digit declines, as Detroit continued to lose ground to Japanese and Korean rivals; US sales overall were weaker than expected, down 5.97 percent from year ago; seasonally adjusted selling rate for cars and light trucks dropped to 15.4 million in June from 17.8 million in May; GM's sales declined 15.4 percent; Ford reports 11.9 percent decline in overall sales; DaimlerChrysler posts 0.68 percent increase in sales; Hyundai Motor America's sales, were up 19 percent; Honda's sales rose 1 percent, which sales at Toyota rose 5 percent; graph; chart (M)
Pfizer has begun advertising drive to inform consumer that it is not source of deluge of e-mail messages promoting its Viagra sex drug and to warn of dangers of ordering drugs from unlicensed online pharmacies; e-mail ads will not be part of drive; industry experts say spam backlash could be damaging e-mail advertising to formerly willing recipients as cost-effective marketing vehicle; e-mail advertising graph (M)
Simon Wiesenthal Center calls on two largest on-line booksellers, Barnesandnoble.com and Amazon.com, to stop selling books like Mein Kampf, claiming they are violating German laws against distribution of hate literature; case raises qeustions about extent to which cyberspace merchants are bound by terrestrial laws (M)
General Motors reported a $4.8 billion net loss for the final quarter of 2005 and $8.6 billion in losses for the calendar year.
Court Halts a Bid by Intel to Stop E-Mail
After the results were released, Terry Semel, in his first public comments since becoming Yahoo's chief executive in April, said Yahoo was abandoning some if its long-held practices as it tries to find ways to make money in the current harsh environment.
''It's frustrating because you're working side by side with other people who are getting so much more for doing substantially the same thing,'' said David Larsen, a $15-an-hour temp who has worked as a Microsoft software tester for 18 months.
It was time that someone with the stature of Henry M. Paulson Jr., the chairman and chief executive of Goldman Sachs, spoke out candidly about the rotten state of affairs in the corporate world.
But Dr. Peter S. Kim, Merck's chief scientist, said the company stood by the overall findings it reported in 2005 -- including the conclusion that the drug's heart risks were not apparent if patients took it less than 18 months.
But fears of a culture clash, and the challenge of the Internet, prompted Morgan Stanley to reject the overture, the people said.
With AOL and MSN from Microsoft losing share and plagued by strategic confusion, Yahoo is in a position to further solidify its lead as the Web's most popular full-service Internet portal, so any incursions by Google into areas like e-mail and maps are a threat.
Electronic Privacy Information Center urges state law enforcment officials to investigate Microsoft Corp's online identity services, saying they expose consumers to fraud, increase in unsolicited commercial e-mail messages and 'release, sale and theft of their personal information'; Microsoft spokesman Rick Miller says claims are totally unfounded (S)
The two incumbent providers -- SBC and Verizon -- have largely avoided invading each other's territories.
''It's not necessary to resolve the I.B.M.
American International Group dismisses chief financial officer Howard Smith and vice insurance for reinsurance Christian Milton, who invoked Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination, for refusing to cooperate with regulators in widening investigation of accounting for some insurance transactions (M)
Omnicom Group, large advertising agency company, scrambles to repair damage caused by Wall Street Journal article critical of its accounting practices; Omnicom stock drops $15.28, or 19.7 percent, to close at $62.28; newspaper article examined how Omnicom transferred much of its dot-com holdings to company named Seneca Investments and how Omnicom accounted for payments to executives of agencies it acquired (M)
Interpublic Group of Companies, advertising conglomerate struggling with financial and accounting difficulties, is warned by Standard & Poor's that its credit rating could be lowered to junk status (S)
Aetna said on Sept. 29 that it would add $161 million ($103 million after taxes) to pay unforeseen increases in H.M.O.
Morgan Stanley Misses Forecast and Its Stock Tumbles
Shoppers have deserted car dealerships across Southeast Asia since region's currency crisis began last summer, while investors who have lost fortunes in plummeting stock markets have flooded used-car market with late-model luxury cars; even though some industry experts insist they should pull back, General Motors and Ford Motor are busy building huge new assembly plants in Thailand and preparing to open up five more factories in Southeast Asia and China; Toyota and Honda are dealing with crisis with temporary production cutbacks rather than changing their basic strategic plans; map (L)
The slow pace of the cost savings prompted Alan G. Lafley, Procter & Gamble's chief executive, to say in September that he would place a renewed emphasis on cutting costs further.
With Boeing straining to meet demand for its jets, it has advertised in the New York area for workers to move to Seattle, where Boeing is based.
The unions say about 133,000 A.T.& T. union jobs have been lost since the 1984 breakup of A.T.& T., 25,000 alone since the 1989 contract was negotiated.
Although the Linux operating system for file-sharing server computers has proved a viable alternative to Microsoft and other vendors in the price-conscious part of corporate computing, Linux has not yet made significant inroads among nontechnical personal computer users.
One of TKT's major contentions is that Amgen's patent claims are overly broad and should not extend to human cells.
So where, Intel asks, has the consumer been harmed?
Since June, shares in Verizon, the nation's largest provider of local telephone and wireless service, have fallen nearly 30 percent, to a two-year low.
Other women were set to make even more damaging accusations -- presumably credible enough to make Morgan Stanley eager to settle.
Intel's expected decision to enter the television market is another powerful indicator of the computer industry's assault on the consumer electronics industry.
On that basis, Yahoo's revenue was $609 million, up 90 percent, but just shy of the $611 million analysts had been expecting.
While the selloff was sparked by Intel, which said it was suffering from slackening demand, investors fear that the announcement may be a sign that the Asian economic crisis may still trim the fortunes of some of the nation's large companies.
Unlike the airlines, which require documentation like a doctor's note before issuing a refund for an unused ticket, American Express has no formal policy on how restaurants should deal with diners who plead illness or an emergency.
Fox and CBS and all of them are in the business of nonstop soft porn, but God forbid we should use a condom in the pursuit of sexual pleasure.''
Faults Cost Estimates On Boeing-Air Force Jet Lease
The court is likely to hold separate hearings on remedies if, as expected, Judge Jackson rules that Microsoft violated antitrust laws.
But that trading did not go well, and Mattel's stock price also slid.
But with supplies assured, ExxonMobil faced an equally knotty demand problem.
Critics also saw a likelihood that Goldman Sachs, which owns a major trading firm that operates on the floor of the exchange, as well as a piece of Archipelago, would move to dismantle the last bastion of auction-based trading.
General Electric's planned acquisition of Honeywell International appeared near collapse today after G.E.
Boeing Co says that after it increases production of its jets in 1998 it then plans to eliminate 12,000 jobs by end of 1998; Boeing chairman Philip M Condit says job cuts will largely be made through attrition and will involve about 10 percent of 118,000 workers in Boeing's commercial airplane division; announcement surprises some analysts because Boeing is still recovering from snarls that forced it to halt production on its 747 and 737 line in October and take $2.6 billion in charges (L)
Hundreds of lawsuits had been filed against Merck, which is based in Whitehouse Station, N.J., long before last week's recall decision.
Although his mostly conservative politics are largely in sync with The Journal's editorial page, some worried that he would exert influence over the news pages or make the paper more sensational.
Microsoft And Intel Shift PC Strategy to Meet Network Threat
Microsoft Corp chairman Bill Gates, in long memo to staff, spells out main opportunities and threats he sees for software giant in next five years; holds Microsoft's is in its strongest position ever in computer industry; sees personal computer remaining main business and technology platform from which Microsoft stretches into main-frame systems and hand-held consumer-electronics devices; says Internet will continue to bind these products into Microsoftian whole, if company continues to ward off threats posed by IBM, Netscape Communications, Oracle and Sun Microsystems; memo, apparently aimed at showing Gates focuses on business in face of antitrust suit, also implicitly indicates Gates is withdrawing from operational management of Microsoft to become company's chief technologist; photo (M)
For our members and all U.K. businesses, there are no immediate alternatives to using Microsoft software and the company knows this.''
A scientist for Merck acknowledged under pointed questioning on Wednesday that the company did not change its warning label on the painkiller Vioxx for two years after a study showed that it sharply increased the risk of heart attacks compared with an older drug.
The facts proving that Microsoft unlawfully maintained its monopoly power in violation of Section 2 of the Sherman Act are sufficient to meet analogous elements of causes of action arising under the laws of each plaintiff state.
Microsoft and Intel are throwing their full weight behind one side in the long-running battle over the format for the next generation of high-definition DVD's.
While technical, the scheme described in the complaint was surprisingly simple: numbers for expenses at Waste Management became almost magical things, appearing and disappearing at will for the purpose of reaching preset earnings goals.
The deal opens a new chapter in the troubled life of Boo.com, which was originally backed by the French luxury-goods magnate Bernard Arnault, the Benetton family of Italy, J. P. Morgan and Goldman Sachs, among others.
Even without the adverse impact of converting sales of the weak euro into dollars, Xerox's sales would have been 1 percent lower.
Mark Cohen, professor at Vanderbilt University, reports that black customers are almost twice as likely as whites to be charged marked-up rate when they finance purchase through Honda Motor Finance Corp and that blacks are charged higher markups than whites on average; Honda faces lawsuits in federal and state courts asserting that lending practices outlined in Cohen's study are discriminatory; American Honda says it and American Honda Finance Corp require dealers to follow fair lending practices; lending arms of Nissan and General Motors have already settled lawsuits related to issue, and other suits are pending against banks and financing companies operated by Ford Motor, Toyota and DaimlerChrysler (M)
Crackdown on dirty jokes, swearing and other offensive speech in the workplace is gaining ground; Carl Jaskolski, who teaches employment law, see swearing as form of workplace harassment and has drafted language policy that he distributes free to human resource practitioners across country; some experts believe crackdown is doomed to fail; Susanna Seaman comments on losing her job at Verizon for using profanity when she was under stress; photos (M)
The general opinion seems to be that Microsoft will not be split up, but that feeling is by no means unanimous.
Four years ago, as the Boeing Company was struggling to remain profitable amid production problems, Philip M. Condit insisted in a side-by-side interview with Harry C. Stonecipher that the two were precisely the right team to lead the company.
GENERAL MOTORS, which has accounted for roughly one-fifth of the advertising revenue on the CBS reality show ''Survivor'' this year, has decided not to advertise on the show's coming season, one that has attracted criticism because the makeup of the competing teams will be based on race.
Coca-Cola Co executives have summoned Wall Street analysts for hastily scheduled meeting on Sept 25, suggesting that Coca-Cola is about to deliver ominous news about earnings; Coke derives most of its fortunes from overseas, where economic crises have ravaged earnings of many American multinational companies (Market Place column) (M)
Baxter International says chemical it Althin Medical unit used to make filters for dialysis patients might have played a role in dozens of deaths around the world; says it will compensate families; Food and Drug Administration is probing deaths of 53 patients who used Baxter devices, which filter toxins out of blood of patients whose kidneys have failed; Baxter recalled devices in mid-Oct; decides to stop making them; regulators probe whether chemical suspected of causing gas bubbles in bloodstream, which Baxter began using in Dec, is used by other filter makers and affected other patients; photo (M)
Analysis of strike threat at Verizon, which says it seeks ambitious new partnership with unions; company wants Communications Workers of America and International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers to agree to hold down costs and give management flexibility to cut jobs and transfer workers to enable it to compete against lower-cost, nonunion rivals in fiercely competitive telecommunications industry; Communications Workers president Morton Bahr derides partnership appeal, citing Verizon's aggressive fight against efforts to unionize workers at Verizon Wireless, which is 55 percent owned by Verizon (M)
Microsoft has been touting Windows NT as a corporate computing system.
AT&T, which stayed out of the auction, decided instead to pay $135 million for a 2.5 percent stake in DirecTV and market its service under AT&T's brand name and through its giant sales force.
At the end of August, the European Commission, the day-to-day executive agency of the European Union, combined two separate antitrust investigations of Microsoft's Windows operating systems, and added new accusations that by bundling its Windows Media Player music and video streaming software with Windows 2000, the company was again abusing a dominant market position.
The New York attorney general and the Securities and Exchange Commission have been looking at Bank of America's role in their widening investigation of mutual fund trading, and a former broker at the bank is facing criminal charges.
Blaming the weather for sluggish sales of its biggest brand, the Campbell Soup Company warned yesterday that its earnings in the current quarter and fiscal year would be off by 18 to 23 cents a share, significantly lower than analysts had expected.
But Kodak just sold its cash-draining copier business to Heidelberger Druckmaschinen A.G., shedding a unit that lost $15 million last quarter and will probably lose $10 million in this one.
On Wednesday, Mr. Kumar said Intel shares had fallen far enough to represent a trading buy, although he did not change his rating.
In announcing its bleak financial news, Mattel said it had been hurt by decreased sales from several retailers, including Toys ''R'' Us, which has halved its inventory of Mattel products this year as it tries to improve its own poor performance.
Tobacco had produced little or no profit in recent years after theft and expenses related to efforts to stop sales to minors were taken into account, Target said.
Some Wall Street analysts and institutional investors said they thought Marriott International's shareholders had overreacted to the news.
Judges Voice Doubt On Order Last Year To Split Microsoft
Protesters who tried to get to Microsoft's ninth-floor offices in Foster City found the elevators blocked.
In 1999, she said, she was fired by Wal-Mart and replaced by a man.
Though some Discover customers have had access to Morgan Stanley's highly valued stock research, for example, Morgan Stanley took its name off the research reports and made them available on line after a delay to avoid angering full-service brokers and customers.
Global sales of EPO products exceeded $13 billion last year, with Johnson & Johnson alone accounting for $3.4 billion of that.
Robert E. Allen, AT&T's chairman and chief executive and the man who ordered  40,000 people cut from the company's payroll, received stock options last year that increased his total pay package to $16 million from $6.7 million.
According to lawyers for the plaintiffs, the percentage of Johnson & Johnson senior executives who were African-American or Hispanic actually fell in the years before the lawsuit was filed.
But Ms. Roehm's suit against Wal-Mart, Ms. Williams said, forced the company to respond.
Scott Sassa, the executive who led the Turner Broadcasting System's aggressive expansion in the entertainment industry, will resign from the company when the expected merger with Time Warner Inc. is completed next month, executives familiar with Mr. Sassa's plans said yesterday.
East Coast, where air fares have remained stubbornly high, is beginning to see fare-cutting competition with arrival of Southwest Airlines, which is about to open service to four cities from MacArthur Airport on Long Island; Southwest has already expanded to Baltimore, Providence, Manchester and several Florida cities, and fares have fallen sharply in each place, even on routes not served by discounter; graphs; US Airways and Delta respond by expanding their discount subsidiaries; East accounts for forty percent of $52 billion spent on airline tickets annual in US, and New York in particular is ripe for competition (M)
Since January, Biogen shares have fallen 26.6 percent.
Still, ''he has the potential to be a catalyzing figure at a time when the business needs one,'' said one senior executive at Interpublic, in spite of whatever qualms linger over ''what he was.''
In a statement yesterday, American Express called the lawsuit ''a major step toward breaking the illegal stranglehold that Visa and Mastercard have had on the card industry for years.''
Xerox may be in worse shape than its earnings indicate.
Yesterday, Moody's said that R. J. Reynolds faced the same problems that prompted it to downgrade Altria.
Similarly, while attacking the government's charge that Microsoft sought a monopoly in the Web browser market, Microsoft quoted from the judge's findings as follows: ''The evidence is insufficient to find that Microsoft's ambition is a future in which most or all of the content available on the Web would be accessible only through its own browsing software.''
The rest of the industry derided the iMacs as ''Life-Savers,'' but then several companies ineptly tried to echo Apple's design, mostly by slapping colored panels onto conventional desktop machines.
Mr. Amelio's ouster, Apple executives said, did not mean the company was falling behind in product plans or that the company would shift course suddenly.
Investors just seem to believe United Technologies, though -- its stock has held firm, even inched up steadily, despite the recent market turbulence, while Honeywell's has taken a beating in the last few months.
Last year, while competitors like Lehman Brothers and Goldman Sachs had stellar years trading bonds, Morgan Stanley's fixed-income division -- presided over by Zoe Cruz, now a co-president at the firm -- reported weaker results because of a bad bet on interest rates.
Analysts with SoundView Technology Group, investment bank, lower their estimates for sales of Microsoft Corp's inaugural video game console, Xbox, citing performances in Japan and Europe that are weaker than expected (S)
Microsoft and Netscape, rushing software to the public in a fierce battle to dominate the Internet, were well aware of the danger and the consequences.
Lockheed Martin has begun lobbying the Justice Department and the Pentagon to block Northrop Grumman's potential deal.
Since Apple computers use the Mac OS operating system, not Windows, the Government argues that Microsoft's dispute with Apple demonstrates that the browser is obviously a stand-alone product, not a fundamental part of the operating system.
No fine would be issued until a judge concluded that Microsoft was in violation of the consent decree, which, if it occurs, could be many weeks away.
And the reputation of The Journal and Dow Jones for serious, accurate and objective work, he said, ''would be damaged if Rupert Murdoch and his News Corporation take over Dow Jones,'' he said.
While the Ford Motor Company recently acknowledged that sport utility vehicles can be hazardous to other motorists, law professors and plaintiff lawyers say that it remains difficult to win lawsuits based on the damage that sport utilities inflict in crashes.
Corning said earlier this month that it would suspend its dividend to shareholders for the first time since 1880.
Merck, which paid $6.6 billion for Medco in 1993, will not retain Medco shares or seats on its board.
Correction:  June 15, 2006, Thursday  Because of an editing error, an article in Business Day yesterday about eBay's plan to add a new calling feature that would allow buyers to contact sellers through Skype, its Internet phone service, misstated an eBay sales projection in some copies.
European officials have argued for months that the merger poses grave threats to competition, given that Boeing already controls more than 60 percent of the global market for commercial aircraft and that its only real rival is the European consortium Airbus Industrie.
Coca-Cola Co's latest annual report details troubles with its global bottling system in 1999; report shows Coke lost $184 million on investments in its bottlers; in 1998, Coke earned $32 million on those investments; Coke is continuing to make hefty payments to its largest bottler, Coca-Cola Enterprises, of which Coke owns 42 percent (M)
''Every time I use the Web I am reminded why I hate Microsoft,'' he wrote in a recent DaveNet posting.
Some Morgan Stanley bankers have accepted offers and have made tentative plans to resign in the coming weeks, these bankers say; others are weighing offers but may decide to stay at the firm.
Correction:  September 27, 2004, Monday  Because of an editing error, an article in Business Day on Friday about Bank of America's conversion of Fleet branches in New York misstated Citigroup's ranking among operators of bank branches in the New York area.
''I'm kind of in shock that all these things are happening simultaneously,'' said Caroline Levy, a beverage analyst for Schroder & Company, who lowered her second-quarter earnings estimates for Coca-Cola to 39 cents yesterday from 41 cents.
Intel, world's leading maker of computer chips, will try to spend its way through troubled economic times; chief executive Craig R Barrett tells semiannual Intel Developer Forum in San Jose that he has seen sharp slowdown in American manufacturing, but he rebuts report from Salomon Smith Barney analyst saying that Intel will reduce its spending budget, which calls for $12 billion investment in research, development and production this year; Intel executives say they have no plans to slow their pace of acquisitions; photo (M)
The document also belittled Microsoft's contention that interaction between its product groups was crucial for continued innovation.
Boeing's decision to cancel the MD-80 and MD-90, which are descendants of the DC-9, was widely expected.
But some current and former Pfizer managers disagree, saying that Dr. LaMattina has fostered an environment where scientists can thrive.
USA cable network abruptdly cancels production of television movie Who Killed Sue Snow, based on two 1986 murders involving Excedrin laced with cyanide, after Johnson & Johnson complains; Johnson & Johnson denies report it threatened to pull its advertising and persuade other pharmaceutical companies to do same; Stella M Nickell was convicted of poisoning her husband, Bruce Nickell, and placing tainted Excedrin in suburban Seattle stores to divert suspicion; Susan K Snow died after taking tainted drug, made by Bristol-Myers Squib; USA says Johnson & Johnson feared film could spur repeat of crime (M)
It came on the heels of reports that several large companies, including Cisco Systems, had downgraded their earnings outlook and cut their capital spending plans.
But they hastily withdrew them yesterday when American Airlines failed to join in.
Mr. Roach, who joined Morgan Stanley in 1982 after stints at Morgan Guaranty and the Federal Reserve, is of the sin-and-punishment school: after so much bingeing, he claims a bad hangover is not only inevitable but necessary.
Alliance for Downtown New York reports Amish Market, upscale food market chain, plans to open store in sparsely populated lower Manhattan area; lured chain to area with unusual subsidy, to be provided by developers of 20 residential buildings; store will offer occasional discounts to building residents; photo (M)
Airbus Industrie says it will cut costs by $530 million this year through early retirement of about 1,200 employees and other measures; says by eliminating overtime and part-time work, company will reduce its labor costs equivalent of 4,800 more full-time jobs without resorting to layoffs; senior vice president John J Leahy expects airlines to order total of only 300 to 350 large civilian airliners from Airbus and Boeing Co in 2002, down from 546 in 2001; president Noel Forgeard says Airbus will aggressively seek military contracts to offset plunge in civilian sales (M)
It works much as Costco and Sam's Club, although no membership fee is required.
For style, nothing looks better than the Konica Minolta X1, although the Kodak V530 also looks very cool and takes much better photos.
The primary obstacle, in his view, had been the resistance of workers to layoffs that General Motors negotiators had made clear had to happen before they could consider renewing an offer that they first made in 1999 as Daewoo Motor collapsed under more than $10 billion in debts.
Eagan also suggested that News Corporation did not want any further involvement in Cablevision's opposition to a stadium for the Jets on the Far West Side of Manhattan.
Negotiations between General Motors and the creditors of the bankrupt Daewoo Motor of South Korea are at a standstill and are in danger of failure, according to people close to the talks.
Referring to Barbie's manufacturer, the court said, ''Mattel cannot use trademark laws to censor all parodies or satires which use its name.''
Also, Boeing struggled for a time to recover from its role in an Air Force procurement scandal, the loss of important government contracts and the jailing of two former top executives.
Several distribution centers were attacked last week, including an apparent bombing at a Coca-Cola operation in Andhra Pradesh that destroyed hundreds of cases of drinks.
Capping a week that began with Oracle's acquisition of PeopleSoft, a maker of business software, Symantec's acquisition of Veritas is part of a larger consolidation trend in corporate software, driven by the need to cut costs and provide a bundle of products.
Motorola Has Operating Loss of $232 Million in Quarter
Hartford Financial Services Group and BuySafe, small start-up company, will offer buyer protection plan for shoppers on eBay auction Web site to be paid for by participating sellers; plan will protect buyers if seller does not deliver advertised goods at agreed-upon price; EBay, which says it already has adequate dispute resolution system, has not approved plan; photo (M)
Boston Scientific, meanwhile, is embroiled in patent disputes with the other stent giant, Johnson & Johnson, in federal court in Delaware.
C. William Jones, the president and executive director of BellTel Retirees, a group of 111,500 people, has had many meetings with Verizon executives to discuss pay.
GENERAL MOTORS has a problem.
The ground-level windows were blocked to prevent people from peering in at Hasbro's products for the next season.
A jury in Memphis said yesterday that Medtronic's spinal products subsidiary should pay $400 million in punitive damages for violating agreements covering its use of surgical products invented by Dr. Gary K. Michelson.
Even on this basis, however, Amazon lost 55 cents a share -- 14.5 percent worse than the 48-cent loss Wall Street analysts had expected.
William J. Heller, head of the Intellectual Property and Information Technology practice at McCarter & English, a Newark-based law firm that represents many brand-name pharmaceutical companies, including Pfizer, though not in the Norvasc dispute, said the patent challenges undermine the basic tenets of patent law.
Mr. Frederick told the judges that Microsoft should have been on notice that it faced a possible breakup because of the way the government had framed its complaint, but that argument appeared to have little sway with the judges.
Comcast Said To Be Talking Of Side Deals In AT&T Fight
Last month, the Food and Drug Administration rejected two Pfizer drugs: Dynastat, an injectable painkiller, and Oporia, an osteoporosis treatment.
Speaking at a Goldman, Sachs conference in Manhattan, Peter Chernin, the president of the News Corporation, said that almost all the shortfalls stemmed from the poor advertising climate.
While the stocks of General Motors and Ford Motor are falling almost in tandem, the risks seen in the two American automakers are divergent.
The move will bolster Amgen's pipeline of potential new products and help it move into the area of cancer drugs.
Another provision of the settlement says Microsoft can refuse to disclose technical information if a company does not meet reasonable, objective standards established by Microsoft for qualifying as a viable business.
EBay has responded in the past by asking companies to monitor auctions of their products and send them notices on items they believe to be fraudulent.
This barrier ensures that no Intel-compatible PC operating system other than Windows can attract significant consumer demand, and the barrier would operate to the same effect even if Microsoft held its prices substantially above the competitive level for a protracted period of time.
DEPRESSED DOMESTIC FARES -- Despite small, incremental fare increases imposed half a dozen times so far this year by major domestic carriers, the average domestic one-way air fare paid during the first quarter of 2005 was $202, which is 13 percent lower than the $234 average in the period last year, according to the American Express Business Travel Monitor.
After he was fired by G.E., Mr. Gravitt went on to work as a machinist foreman for the Ford Motor Company, his wife said.
But he said Prudential moved into the lead with an offer to pay $2 billion cash.
But privately, French officials said they were not impressed with attempts by Coca-Cola to explain what might have gone wrong.
Many elements of the executives' pay packages are not being changed, however, including a lucrative retirement plan for John J. Dooner Jr., who was Interpublic's chairman and chief executive for only 26 months before being demoted in February.
Given the industry criticism of Intel and the company's growing power, antitrust experts said, the F.T.C.
Boeing has recently completed the design of new versions of its 737, 757 and 777 jetliners, leaving room for cuts in the development teams that worked on those projects.
Exxon Mobil suspended work on a terminal near Mobile, Ala.
Government lawyers asked for the documents to support evidence that Microsoft had pressured or bullied the Intel Corporation, Apple Computer Inc. and the Real Networks Corporation.
But only when the separate categories of conduct are viewed, as they should be, as a single, well-coordinated course of action does the full extent of the violence that Microsoft has done to the competitive process reveal itself.
The Government is the biggest customer for telecommunications equipment, and its contracts have been a source of bitter struggles among the three major long-distance carriers, A.T.&T., Sprint and MCI, as well as the regional telephone companies that were A.T.&T.
In most cases, according to industry analysts, Apple does not take part in these promotions, and sponsors typically pay retail prices for the iPods.
Merck recently withdrew Vioxx, a drug similar to Bextra, after a longer and better-controlled study showed that it doubled the risk of heart attack and stroke.
After reigning atop the global auto industry since the depths of the Depression in the 1930's, General Motors may finally cede its spot next year to Toyota.
Industry analysts speculate on whether IBM mortgages its future with plan to sell much of its magnetic disk data storage business to Hitachi; note difficult dynamics of fast-paced industry; execution of each new generation of rapidly changing technology has to be flawless or else market share can collapse overnight; IBM may be gambling that its research in so-called nanotechnologies will make spinning magnetic storage disks obsolete in decade or so; drawing (M)
Analysts said Coca-Cola would have to keep a close watch on negative events.
Yahoo's difficulty in gaining traction in social networking is especially troublesome for the company, because it has made a big bet that contributions from users would help differentiate its offerings from those of Google.
Comcast's big institutional investors, several dozen of whom were courted by Mr. Roberts at a cocktail party on Wednesday at the St. Regis hotel in Manhattan, are loath to comment, for fear of further battering their Comcast portfolios.
What irritated studio executives most was Microsoft's demands for broad creative control, even though the company was not spending a dime to make the film.
Since the Feb. 3 resignation of Jill E. Barad, Mattel's chief executive, the company has been rudderless.
The Microsoft plan prompted fears across corporate America that the big software company was positioning itself as a gatekeeper to Internet commerce, collecting and storing personal information on millions of people.
If the merger were to go through, PeopleSoft's customer refund program could make Oracle liable for more than $1.5 billion in payments in the event that Oracle violates provisions in PeopleSoft contracts.
Unlike its main rival, the Goldman Sachs Group, Morgan Stanley said it did not expect to have to cut many more jobs this year.
It is a challenging time in the game business, though, because neither Sony nor Microsoft is ready to unveil their future machines, the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 2.
He once received a complaint, he said, about a Yahoo club called Skins on Skates.
In addition to imposing the fees, Continental plans to reduce its capacity in the next year, freeze hiring and ground 11 Boeing MD-80's, in addition to the 49 aircraft taken out of service since Sept. 11.
Some analysts said Mr. Stein could be taking the blame for Mattel's recent problems, including the earnings disappointments.
One person involved in the settlement who insisted on anonymity said that in addition to paying $15 million, Boeing agreed to change the way it selects managers, makes promotions and handles complaints of discrimination.
European regulators have told General Electric that its last-minute effort to revive its proposed acquisition of Honeywell International will not be enough, sounding a death knell for the $45 billion deal.
While avoiding criminal charges, Boeing will agree to ''accept responsibility,'' the Justice officials said, for the actions of its employees.
Demand in Asia has slowed for many of its cellular phones, pagers and other products, most of which contain Motorola semiconductors.
First, your statements reflect a disturbing and misguided perspective on Morgan Stanley's alleged misconduct.
Threatened with a strike in a month, Verizon Communications has a simple message for its unionized workers: Let's form a partnership so Verizon, one of the few unionized telecommunications companies, can compete in a fiercely competitive industry.
That may be one reason why Boeing unsuccessfully lobbied the Clinton Administration in 1995 not to let the Export-Import Bank guarantee a $1 billion loan to pay for 85 percent of the Western content of the first 20 planes.
The board's surprise decision aligned it with the increasingly outspoken complaints of Hynix shareholders and workers, who had threatened to wage a prolonged campaign against the Micron deal.
According to Motorola, whose engineers conceived the idea in the Arizona desert in 1987, long development time and poor marketing hurt the project.
An internal inquiry conducted by the Mobil Corporation before its merger with Exxon in 1999 found that the company had paid more than a billion dollars to foreign companies in connection with arrangements in Russia and Kazakhstan that had no apparent business purpose, The New Yorker magazine reported this week.
A Growing Rivalry Derails AOL Talks For Microsoft Deal
While some network executives have disputed some earlier reports of weakening in the ad marketplace, Rupert Murdoch, the chairman of the News Corporation, openly acknowledged that the issue was becoming a problem when he predicted yesterday at a shareholders meeting in Australia that advertising sales for his television company in the United States, the Fox Entertainment Group, ''look a little uncertain.''
Although it could not technically block the deal, it could make it difficult for Boeing to do business in Europe by trying to impose fines of up to 10 percent of Boeing's worldwide revenues.
''If it wasn't for free agency,'' he said, ''Electronic Arts wouldn't be doing so well.''
Microsoft's software designers disagree, arguing that they have cracked the code that will make television viewers comfortable with the idea of controlling a personal computer wirelessly from across the family room.
Pfizer stopped short of submitting an official offer for Warner-Lambert, making it conditional on the removal of several anti-takeover provisions, including a $1.8 billion breakup fee.
All of the largest card-issuing companies, including Citigroup, J.P. Morgan Chase and MBNA, reassured customers that they were carefully monitoring accounts and that customers would not be held responsible for any fraudulent charges.
Jeffrey Jones, president of the American Chamber of Commerce in Korea, called on the committee of creditors running the bankrupt Daewoo Motor to simply hand General Motors the keys.
The federal government has charged ElcomSoft with violating the act for selling a program that allowed people to disable encryption software from Adobe Systems that is used to protect electronic books.
He figures the combination of counterfeiting, fraudulent telemarketing and trademark infringement is costing Xerox and other document processing companies nearly $1 billion a year.
''We've had a great deal of competition for quite some time, but we feel we have a very different product than mints that simply kill bad breath,'' said Wes Pringle, group marketing director for oral care at Pfizer Consumer Health Care.
''We've gotten used to it,'' Netflix's chief executive, Reed Hastings, said of the doomsday predictions.
More than 7,000 people have sued Merck, contending that they suffered heart attacks or strokes after taking the drug.
In Sun's view, this Windows tailoring negates the cross-platform purpose of Java and violates the terms of Microsoft's license.
Analysts said the price cuts had been long expected, as was the antitrust suit filed against Intel today by the Federal Trade Commission.
Highly contagious respiratory disease known as SARS continues to spread; its impact on business activity stretches from Hong Kong around globe, disrupting complex supply chains and forcing industries from airlines to banking to adjust their operations; Swiss bank UBS orders employees returning from business trips to Asia to stay home for 10 days before reporting to work; Intel cancels two major conferences in Asia; KLM Royal Dutch Airlines warns that SARS is hurting international air travel more than war in Iraq; further disruption can be expected; World Health Orgn urges travelers to avoid Hong Kong and Guangdong Province, China; this is first such global warning against travel ever issued by WHO because of infectious disease; health officials do not know if SARS will spread further throughout world or burn out on its own; number of cases is relatively small compared with some other respiratory diseases; health officials' deep concern stems from fact that so little is known about it and because there is no treatment or vaccine; chart lists measures being taken in Hong Kong (M)
The commercial also criticizes Vice President Dick Cheney for ties to Halliburton, an oil services company that the S.E.C.
Losses at Prudential have been softened by fees and other payments to Aetna that end Jan. 1, 2001.
Caremark accepted the CVS bid on Nov. 1, even though the stock-for-stock deal offered no premium to Caremark's market price at the time.
AOL Time Warner, Pfizer and Lucent Technologies were big losers.
But some investors questioned why Pfizer, the maker of Viagra and the cholesterol-lowering drug Lipitor, was paying so much for Pharmacia.
But Microsoft's Encarta dictionary, billed as the first lexicon for the digital age, has some lexicographers shaking their heads, partly because they worry that it could indeed be the dictionary of the future.
The Nike commercial features Suzy Hamilton, an American competing in Olympic track events, as a terrified woman under attack from a hulking masked man who wields a chain saw.
Mattel Inc plans to acquire Learning Co in $3.8 billion stock deal that would position company as leader in high-growth market for software; warns investors to expect disappointing financial results for fourth quarter and the year, sending its shares tumbling 27 percent, or $8.125, to $22; stock analyst says merger will mean more selection, better distribution and more traditional toys delivered via software; acquisition would also give Mattel $1 billion in software sales and an edge in electronic products over Hasbro Inc, No.
Some of those critics lambasted McDonald's for its new deal with DreamWorks, whose recent movies have included ''Shark Tale'' and ''Madagascar.''
It is unclear how much News Corporation is investing, but one person close to the talks estimated it was $50 million or more.
FirstEnergy's problems seem to stem from each of its big predecessor companies: Ohio Edison, Centerior Energy and GPU.
Aviation insurers resume selling war and terrorism coverage to airlines around world, four days after governments stepped in to provide temporary coverage to prevent shutdown of flights worldwide; new coverage is expected to cost airlines extra $1.5 billion to $3 billion a year; Maurice Greenberg, chief executive of American International Group and leader of effort to provide coverage, comments (M)
If the diehard technophiles who lined up in Manhattan late Monday night were aware of Microsoft's troubles, they hardly showed it.
Interpublic's earnings reflect the state of the advertising market, which has been sluggish as a result of the recession and clients' continued uncertainty about the pace of any economic recovery.
Greta McCaughrin, a professor of Russian at Washington and Lee University in Lexington, Va., said she sent a letter in 1999 to David Glass, the company's chief executive at the time, complaining that immigrant janitors from Russia were being mistreated at a nearby Wal-Mart.
''First, your statements reflect a disturbing and misguided perspective on Morgan Stanley's alleged misconduct,'' Mr. Donaldson wrote.
SBC's investment stemmed from a partnership it struck with Yahoo to sell high-speed Internet access over digital subscriber lines beginning next year.
Mr. Boyer also said that Ohio investigators were ''keeping an eye'' on a Federal lawsuit filed in Maryland, in which a distributor, B. K. Miller Inc., has accused Coca-Cola Enterprises of unfair pricing, fraud and other illegal activities.
Still, the strategic bet, and risk, behind Comcast's move was presented in a remarkably low-key, matter-of-fact manner -- and calculatingly so.
Judge Anthony A Alaimo rules that public should have access to extensive information on tire technology that Firestone was compelled to turn over during lawsuit over a fatal accident; dismisses Firestone's assertions that information would be valuable to its competitors; documents released by Congressional investigators show that in year before Ford Motor Co stopped buying tires from Goodyear in Explorers, automaker pressed Goodyear to cut its price to match those charged by Firestone; Goodyear tires, which were used on half of Ford's 1996 and 1997 Explorers, have subsequently proved much more reliable, distinction that has drawn interest of Congress as it seeks explanations for scores of deadly accidents involving Explorers equipped with Firestone tires (M)
It stopped short of charging Citigroup with market manipulation.
In one of his first gestures as chief executive, Mr. Perez visited the headquarters of several chains, charming the stores but upsetting Nike's sales staff.
Coca-Cola Earnings Fall 21%, Reflecting Troubles in Europe
Goodyear was also hurt by the strong dollar.
The drug giant Bristol-Myers Squibb said yesterday that it would pay $150 million to settle Securities and Exchange Commission accusations that the company improperly inflated its sales and earnings in a series of accounting frauds.
''When we issued our first board-effectiveness ratings of 2,000 companies last year, Citigroup was dead last,'' said Nell Minow, founder of the Corporate Library, a research group in Portland, Me., that tracks corporate governance.
Amazon.com removes from its British site jacket of Arabic book about Riyadh skyscraper that shows face of Saudi Prince Alwaleed bin Talal bin Abdul Aziz al-Saud in traditional attire and image of plane flying through opening in skyscraper; holds it would be offensive to some people in wake of World Trade Center attacks; will continue to sell book; photo (M)
Dr. John Baron, a professor at the Dartmouth medical school and one of the authors of the original journal article about Approve, said Merck's mistake was relatively minor.
Still, the Microsoft decision in the European case to withdraw its request for a two-day hearing, which would have begun on Dec. 20, is another clear example that the company is moving aggressively to try to put its antitrust troubles behind it.
Commercial insurer American International Group is setting aside additional $2.8 billion because of unexpected increases in liability claims (S)
Wal-Mart Stores Inc agrees to pay $10.8 billion in cash for Asda Group PLC, Britain's third-largest supermarket chain, thwarting rival suitor Kingfisher PLC at last moment and threatening other British retailers with potentially devastating price war; takeover agreement is part of Wal-Mart's aggressive buying spree in Europe, where tight zoning regulations make it almost impossible to build big, new stores; photo (M)
In his blog, Mr. Stern wrote, ''Wal-Mart provides a chilling example of the damage that low-wage, nonunion corporations can wreak, and their business model is going to set the standards for our children unless we do something now.''
Citigroup still faces lawsuits from other wronged investors.
Bristol seeks an injunction, pending a trial, that would prevent Microsoft from blocking Bristol's access to Windows source code.
John C Malone, who is one of AT&T Corp's largest individual shareholders, resigns from company's board earlier than planned after he is excluded from talks related to Comcast's offer to buyh AT&T's cable systems; planned to step down on Aug 10 when Liberty Media, his programming company, is expected to be formally separated from AT&T; is weighing his own bid for AT&T's cable properties together with large private investors (M)
Mr. Waldrop, the Intel spokesman, said he had no idea what yesterday's  change would cost the company, but added: ''In the big picture it is not significant.
Xerox tried unsuccessfully to commercialize the technology.
Even before Merck withdrew Vioxx from the market on Sept. 30, citing what it said was new evidence that the drug increased the risk of heart attacks, strokes and other serious ailments, hundreds of patients had filed lawsuits around the country.
Mr. Gates urged the students to stay in the game, no matter where they worked -- for Microsoft, a rival, a start-up, a research lab.
Robert L. Growney, president and chief operating officer, said at the time that Motorola's problems were also afflicting its rivals and that the company was not losing market share, a claim that many analysts disagree with.
Instead, the case stemmed from a long-forgotten 1998 deal with Mr. Perelman, who later contended that Morgan Stanley covered up the state of Sunbeam's risky finances to close the deal.
Among other technology stocks, Cisco Systems fell $1.05, to $22.43;  Oracle lost 74 cents, to $16.84; and Nextel Communications dropped $1.70, to $17.37.
Citigroup is still involved in litigation relating to the collapse of the Enron Corporation, and a trial is scheduled to begin in late 2006.
"I must say, AT&T keeps on making it more difficult for us to continue being a large customer of theirs," said Gary J. Fernandes, an E.D.S.
Marsh & McLennan is facing similar problems on renewals and has also appealed to insurers.
The European crisis for Coca-Cola began to ease in France today, but the 15-nation European Union announced plans to carry out health inspections of its own in plants in Belgium and France that had produced soft drinks blamed for outbreaks of illness early this month.
In February, a developer planning a Wal-Mart in Rego Park, Queens, dropped the effort in the face of opposition; stores planned for Cleveland and the South Side of Chicago have also been blocked recently.
Initially, Comcast infuriated many Internet subscribers, particularly in the New Jersey and Detroit areas, who said they could not get access to e-mail and the Web.
The preliminary reading from analysts, though, seemed to be that Motorola's results were probably not a deeply worrying sign that technology companies were being battered by the Asian financial crisis.
''Unfortunately, after we'd announced the products, Motorola informed us they're having problems ramping up the G4 production,'' Mr. Jobs said.
Abandoned by investors, Xerox is desperately trying to sell assets.
No Direct Talks Set by 2 Sides In Boeing Strike
Morgan Stanley and U.S. Panel Given Deadline on Case Dispute
Carl S Kaplan article on concern among civil libertarians over ruling by Judge Jean-Jacques Gomez that Yahoo violated French law by allowing French citizens to view auction sites displaying Nazi memorabilia; Judge Jeremy Fogel has ruled that French court's order -- and $13,000-a-day fine against Yahoo -- are not enforceable in US, but legal observers question whether Fogel's ruling will be provide much of a shield as more countries try to control speech seen as hateful or terrorist (M)
Yesterday, the story became even more bizarre -- and clouded -- as Mr. Kreinberg and the board member, J. Pedro Reinhard, sued Dow Chemical, contending that they were defamed.
General Motors, which has the highest production costs among the Big Three, denies that it has an America-last attitude.
Along with the breakup plan, the government wants to impose about a dozen rules intended to moderate Microsoft's conduct.
Ford Motor Company made its 2002 Explorer model with frame rails that are the height of a Taurus's underbody, and 2.6 inches lower than the frame rails of earlier-model Explorers.
The Times reported that several sources involved in the projrect said Johnson & Johnson threatened not only to pull all of its advertising from USA, but also to persuade other pharmaceutical companies to do the same.
Mr. Frazier yesterday repeated Merck's vow to appeal the verdict in the Texas case, saying that Judge Ben Hardin had allowed jurors to hear irrelevant and misleading testimony.
Wang Xiaoning, who according to the suit is serving a 10-year prison sentence in China; his wife, Yu Ling; and other unnamed defendants seek damages and an injunction barring Yahoo from identifying dissidents to Chinese authorities.
''Palm, Sun and Oracle are crushing Microsoft in other markets.''
In late October, Mr. Ryan, 67, said his resignation was not related to the investigations and that he planned to remain on Aon's board.
Michael A. Carpenter, one of the two people charged with leading the combined bank, calls this ''the third way, the Citigroup way.''
The comment elicited a murmur of irritation in the packed meeting room, but a few minutes later, Microsoft's own chief privacy officer, Richard Purcell, said much the same thing.
That echoed the arguments Microsoft was making in court at the time.
Motorola has stopped making Iridium phones at its Libertyville, Ill., plant and has closed its satellite communications division in Phoenix.
The British acquisition, however, would still leave Wal-Mart considerably short of a commanding position in the European market that would enable it to squeeze concessions out of suppliers.
Microsoft said yesterday that it was issuing a software patch for a troubling security flaw in its Windows NT 4.0 and Windows 2000 server operating system programs.
As its three-year-old Razr cellphone has lost its freshness, Motorola has been scrambling to recover.
Mr. Upin said Oracle might report on Monday that its database sales in the fourth quarter were actually 5 percent to 10 percent lower than in the quarter a year earlier.
And once the judge satisfied himself that the Government was asking for evidence only to bolster existing charges against Microsoft -- not new charges -- he ordered the company to comply.
General Electric, struggling to climb back to double-digit earnings growth, announced a plan yesterday to spin off most of its life insurance and mortgage insurance business next year.
''Kodak is no longer on the defensive, but is buying more sales,'' said Ulysses Yannas, an analyst with Mercer, Bokert, Buckman & Reid.
For their part, SBC and Verizon assert the competitive environment is about to get worse, not better.
Stock market valuation of Cerner Corp plunges 22 percent in three days after an e-mail from chief executive Neal L Patterson berating employees is posted on Yahoo, surprising thousands of readers, including analysts and investors; business professors and market analysts criticize Patterson's angry tone and say broke two cardinal rules for modern managers: never try to hold large-scale discussions over e-mail, and never use company e-mail system to convey sensitive information or controversial ideas to more than handful of trusted lieutenants; graph; photo (M)
Two years later, as reports of heart injuries and deaths mounted, Johnson & Johnson continued defending the safety of Propulsid, but then pulled it from the market before a government hearing threatened to draw attention to the drug's long, largely hidden, record of trouble.
Another beverage industry executive who also insisted on not being identified said that Wal-Mart executives were upset because, when Powerade Option, a diet drink, was introduced last September, not all Wal-Mart stores were initially able to obtain the product.
To hear executives at Web sites like Yahoo tell it, big traditional advertisers have not filled the ad void left by failed and struggling dot-coms.
Three  giants of the computer industry  Microsoft, Hewlett-Packard and Compaq Computer -- found themselves scrambling today to address a rash of serious security vulnerabilities in software designed to interact with Microsoft's Internet Explorer Web browser.
There has been a stream of reports of loopholes and backdoors in the Microsoft browser that could expose users to data theft or the loss of control over their computers.
On Friday, in a similar ''John Doe'' case that produced a lawsuit, a Florida appeals court let stand a lower-court ruling that required Yahoo and America Online to divulge the identity of people who posted messages critical of Eric Hvide, the former chief executive of Hvide Marine Inc. Mr. Hvide claimed in court that the comments had caused him to lose his job.
Time Warner Inc names Sarah Ban Breathnach publisher of Simple Abundance Press; new imprint will issue four books a year in booming spirituality and life style market; Ban Breathnach will share in proceeds of books, which she will acquire but not write; photo (M)
He said contributions from other companies outweighed those from Microsoft by about 10 to 1, so there was little for a candidate to fear from supporting Judge Jackson's findings.
In an analysis sent out by Citigroup's investor relations department today, the bank disputed the accusations pertaining to the Roosevelt deal, which were reported in The New York Times.
''What we say is terrorists, terrorism, is evil, and America doesn't engage in it, and these guys do,'' said Roger Ailes, the Fox News chairman.
''There's no anger here,'' he said from an airplane on his way to a Morgan Stanley management retreat.
The lab's new dual-beam laser system, which solves the fuzzy-print problems that plague high-speed printers, makes its first appearance in the Document Center 265, one of the four machines Xerox will introduce today.
Mr. Cantalupo said only a small percentage of McDonald's business was in markets that had been affected by SARS.
There has also been speculation that what several analysts described as the ''mess'' at Interpublic might cost a top executive or two their jobs, but no heads rolled yesterday.
Company shares, which had fallen sharply after Yahoo announced its slow ad sales last month, rose in after-hours trading yesterday.
Exxon Mobil said today that it was preparing to resume operations in the Aceh province of Indonesia after an expensive three-month disruption that prompted a military offensive by the government to restore security to the rebellious area.
Lawyers for Wal-Mart Stores asked a federal appeals court yesterday to review a judge's ruling that granted class-action status to a sex discrimination case, arguing that it was unfairly expanded to include as many as 1.6 million employees.
Tiffany Steckler, a spokeswoman for Microsoft, said the company could not comment in detail about the new complaint.
Without missing a beat, my husband rushed over to Amazon.com to reciprocate -- for $50.01.
But for the supermarkets, the confrontation, the biggest labor dispute in the nation in recent years, is a painful investment to ensure that they can survive against Wal-Mart and other low-cost rivals.
At Macworld, Apple failed to regain believers among the once-faithful.
The companies said in April that they planned to buy Contentguard, a unit of Xerox that makes software to protect digital material such as music and video from illegal copying.
Unless a settlement is reached in the next few weeks, the commission will find that Microsoft abused its dominant position in operating software and will propose remedies and a fine of at least $100 million.
With the Beatles dispute behind it, Apple Inc. faces still another trademark battle: a lawsuit filed by Cisco Systems, the networking company, over the use of the iPhone brand.
But the three-judge panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia also had tough questions for Verizon, which is challenging the record industry's interpretation of a 1998 law that allows copyright holders to force Internet service providers to identify customers suspected of copyright infringement.
During that time, her conduct surprised and, in some cases, alarmed Wal-Mart executives.
John P. Loiacono, Sun's chief marketing officer, said yesterday that the manufacturing problems at Texas Instruments, which is supplying the new processor, had been solved and that the smaller computers were being shipped ''in the thousands.''
But one recent attempted prank against Microsoft appears to have fallen short.
Yahoo said it would restate its results for the quarter to show a net loss of $20.5 million rather than earnings of $610,000.
The concession by Microsoft is a response to the decision last month by a federal court of appeals, which found many of the dominant software maker's licensing deals with computer makers were an illegal abuse of its monopoly power.
A.T. & T. Plans to Redeem Debt Totaling $1.75 Billion
Target announced this year that it might sell its struggling Mervyn's moderate-price chain, and Marshall Field's, its jewel-in-the-crown department store chain concentrated in the upper Midwest.
Nike, world's largest shoe manufacturer, warns that it will miss earnings forecasts this year and next; company blames sharp reduction in retail square footage devoted to athletic footwear in US as well as unfavorable currency exchange rates with Europe for disappointment; industry analysts acknowledge that those issues are symptoms of larger problem: static demand for products company has to offer (M)
Video game giant Electronic Arts is set to release Madden NFL '06, 18th annual version of game in which players act as quarterback of pro football team; millions of copies of increasingly lifelike game are sold each year, but industry analysts and game reviewers question whether company's reliance on sequels, accounting for 25 of its 26 games, are sign that it is losing its creative edge, view dismisses by chairman and chief executive Lawrence F Probst III; company posted loss for first time in years in quarter ending June 30; income graph; chart shows sampling of games and numbers of versions released; photos (M)
It was the first time since 1994 that Wal-Mart had failed to exceed expectations, and investors punished the stock, sending it down $2.44, or more than 4 percent, to $55.52 a share.
''This was a disappointing quarter,'' Andrew S. Grove, Intel's chairman and chief executive, said in a statement.
Motorola chairman and chief executive Christopher B Galvin sold 40,000 Motorola shares on day before company announced resignation of president Edward D Breen; company says Galvin did not know until morning after sale that Breen was leaving to become Tyco International chief executive; resignation spurred drop in Motorola stock (S)
Several lawyers speculated that word of the Aetna talks had been leaked to try to influence Judge Moreno.
But some Boeing customers, who have been told they may get their planes as much as two months late, disagree.
Hardening its uncompromising stance against the Government, the Microsoft Corporation said yesterday that the Justice Department's latest demand in an escalating antitrust case was merely proof that ''poorly informed lawyers have no vocation for software design.''
Product Delay Sends Microsoft Shares Lower
When Mr. Grasso was ousted by the exchange board in a coup widely believed to have been driven by Henry M. Paulson Jr., the chief executive of Goldman Sachs, Mr. Langone remained a stalwart defender of Mr. Grasso's performance, his pay and the board's awareness of the magnitude of Mr. Grasso's pay.
Oracle and the United States government went to court in a federal trial in San Francisco that began in early June and resulted in the judge's decision yesterday that there were no antitrust grounds for blocking the takeover.
Cyrus Mehri, the lawyer who represented the plaintiffs in the case and also worked on the Texaco bias suit, said that Coke had spent the last year righting a ship that had been going in the wrong direction for some time.
Charles Joseph Luethke, the middleman,  early this year asked Morgan Stanley for instructions on how to return $10,000 paid to him by the firm within days of the employee's arrest, a confidential document shows.
ElcomSoft said it stopped selling the software after Adobe complained.
Some investors bet in recent weeks that Yahoo would not meet its target, as analysts warned of weakening revenue growth in the face of reduced advertising spending by some struggling Internet companies.
Boeing 747's, which the Airbus believes will be rendered obsolete by the A380, now account for one in nine Heathrow flights.
The filmmakers acknowledge that the company is a virtual stand-in for Halliburton, the multinational formerly run by Vice President Dick Cheney, though the script was written before Halliburton became a focus of criticism.
When the Airbus A380 superjumbo jet took to the skies at the Paris Air Show, executives from Boeing crowded an observation deck here to gawk at the plane, the new flagship of a European company that is embroiled in a trade battle with Boeing.
The court ruling could cause some uncertainty among software developers working with Microsoft's version of Java, Mr. Tarter said.
Andrew Mackenzie, the union representative who led the organizing drive, said Wednesday that the union delayed its application more than two weeks after Wal-Mart said that a unionized store in Jonquire, Quebec, would be closed in May.
The result was chaos in trading of Wells Fargo, and substantial disruption in the trading of two other companies that Berkshire had appeared to have also sold: General Dynamics, the military contractor, and Torchmark, an insurer.
Mark Lake, a Morgan Stanley spokesman said, ''We are outraged that a former employee allegedly stole confidential information from the firm, and we have cooperated and will continue cooperating fully with the authorities.''
I think that would tend to make Judge Jackson more hesitant to break up Microsoft.''
The personal computer business was a weak spot for I.B.M., with sales of $3.5 billion, rising just 2 percent from the period in 2003.
Mr. Lowery, of the state environmental department, said Exxon Mobil notified the state of the spill in August 1997, after it removed its underground storage tanks, gasoline pump islands and hydraulic lifts at the former station on Old Country Road.
Mr. Bofferding noted that all but 24 of Boeing's 416 designated engineering representatives, who certify the planes, are on strike.
Pfizer, in a statement yesterday, said that the illegal marketing had been conducted by Warner-Lambert before Pfizer acquired that company in 2000.
Pfizer will face even more competition from lower-priced generic drugs over the next three years, as three of its biggest drugs will lose patent protection by early 2007.
He also testified that he disagreed with Microsoft employees whose memos contradicted his own assertions.
Then there is regulatory risk, as Congress could try to restrict Citigroup's activities.
About 3,000 union members and radical students marched through downtown Seoul on Saturday, carrying signs accusing General Motors of attempting to ''devour'' Daewoo.
Staples and Office Depot countered with the plan to sell the 63 stores to Officemax in markets where the combined firm would have no competition.
Amgen shares are battered after Medicare proposes to sharply curtail reimbursement for company's biggest selling product, anemia drug Aranesp; some analysts say proposed restrictions could cut use of drug by as much as half; Medicare effort is likely to face opposition from some doctors and patient groups, who say such drugs help cancer patients cope with chemotherapy; proposals, which would also apply to Johnson & Johnson's anemia drug Procrit follow recent reports suggesting that drugs, widely used to treat anemia in cancer patients, could actually be making tumors worse or hastening deaths; Food and Drug Administration advisory committee last week recommended restrictions on use of drugs (M)
Disney proponents, led by the company's pugnacious Washington lobbyist, Preston Padden, who urged confrontation with Time Warner, have used the ABC blackout as evidence of why the merger would be dangerous.
OTHER companies may be shying away from Olympic sponsorships after the bribery scandal involving the Winter Games in Salt Lake City, but the General Motors Corporation is stepping up its advertising and marketing plans.
Today, Microsoft is announcing that its shared-source program has one million licensed participants, from lone software developers to large corporations.
For the fourth quarter of 2001, Yahoo posted sales of $188.9 million, down from $310.9 million a year earlier, the peak before the company's business began to fall sharply as advertising from dot-com companies nearly disappeared.
The extent of the changes, which cut across every aspect of Boeing's operations, is enormous.
Pfizer said it planned to test Celebrex in comparison with a placebo in 4,000 patients with osteoarthritis who have recently had a heart attack.
Italian judge rejects request for accelerated indictments against 29 people, Bank of America and auditing firms Deloitte & Touche and Grant Thornton's former Italian unit, now called Italaudit, dealing blow to prosecutors who are seeking fast trial in collapse of Parmalat; photo (M)
Consider Susanna Seaman, who was fired from her job as a customer service representative for Verizon Communications Inc. in Sarasota, Fla., in April for using a crude expletive.
An embedded thread, also difficult to reproduce, runs down the center of the check and reads ''Amex'' -- shorthand for the formal name of the $16.2 billion American Express Corporation.
Thomas K Brown of Second Curve Capital uses his Bankstock.com Web site to pillory Bank of America chief executive, Hugh L McColl Jr, both on his pay package and his aggressive acquisition strategy; accuses McColl of confusing size with winning; Bankstock.com invites past and present Bank of America employees to submit what they believe are the best and worst practices of the company; Brown's assessment is not shared by all analysts; graph; photos (M)
For one, Pfizer warned only last Friday that Bextra, another of its drugs in the same class as Vioxx and Celebrex, increased the risks of heart attack and stroke in patients undergoing coronary-bypass surgery.
More than 7,000 people have already sued Merck over heart attacks or strokes they claim were caused by Vioxx, the company said when it reported earnings last week.
In after-hours trading, Corning's shares rose to $14.20, largely because the company had already announced most of its bad news.
Shares of McDonald's, down about 19 percent so far this year, fell to their lowest level in almost three years soon after the earnings warning was announced.
Lockheed Martin will pay no taxes on its reported profit, and G.E.
That would be difficult for Pfizer if the company's stock drops in the wake of negative news regarding Lipitor.
PeopleSoft executives maintain that combining Oracle, the second-largest maker of business software, with a 13 percent share of the market, and PeopleSoft, the third-largest, with 10 percent of the market, would severely limit customer choices and pose antitrust problems.
Warner-Lambert's Chief Defends Decision to Ignore Pfizer's Bid
A Nike Summer Sphere Dry Skirt with Dri-Fit panels for which I had paid $50 at a local department store in April was on sale at Tennis Warehouse for $40 in limited sizes and colors.
Believing that public relations was a waste of time and money, the penny-pinching Mr. Walton would not likely have hired a public relations firm like Edelman, Wal-Mart's choice to operate its war room.
At Dow Chemical, where travel was severely curtailed last week, the company's internal videoconferencing ''help desk'' oversaw a doubling of activity on its 120 conferencing systems around the world, which had often lain idle in the past.
Citigroup's stock decline came as bank stocks over all fell yesterday, with the Philadelphia Stock Exchange/KBW Banks Index falling nearly 7 percent.
on issues related to brokerage firm research even after its historic settlement with Citigroup and other Wall Street firms over analyst conflicts more than a year ago.
Almost 18 months after the European Commission ruled that Microsoft had abused its dominance in the software market, Europe's antitrust authority is considering opening new cases against the company, Neelie Kroes, the competition commissioner, said Monday.
The two biggest companies, Allstate and State Farm, which provide nearly 35 percent of the insurance on American homes, are seeking legislation that would offer the same kind of program for hurricanes and other natural disasters as the government now promises to provide to commercial insurers in a future terrorism attack.
And Apple has got to be envious of Dell's business model.
Nine of those analysts have strong ''buy'' recommendations on the stock, but one has an outright ''sell'' recommendation -- rare for Wall Street -- and 12 others list Motorola as a ''hold,'' which is about as negative as most analysts will get.
A previous lawsuit by Jewish Holocaust survivors against I.B.M.
Citigroup will no longer accept financing deals involving certain projects and corporations criticized by Rainforest Action Network on environmental grounds; will not finance commercial logging in rain forests or projects that harm indigenous populations and will report greenhouse gas emissions of energy projects it does finance; changes will not apply to current Citigroup deals (M)
Judicial Watch files lawsuit accusing Vice Pres Dick Cheney and Halliburton Co, company he ran for five years, of engaging in accounting fraud; suit also names Arthur Andersen; suit accuses Halliburton of fraudulently increasing its profits through improper accounting methods in conjunction with Andersen; chief financial officer Douglas Foshee calls allegations 'untrue, unsupported and unfounded'; White House spokesman Ari Fleischer says suit is 'without merit' (M)
Because Verizon Wireless controls nearly 30 percent of the wireless market, the outcome of the strike could affect labor relations throughout the wireless industry.
Debt Rating Of Ford Motor Is Downgraded By Agency
Bridgestone/Firestone Inc asks dealers in Venezuela to return unsold 15- and 16-inch light truck tires made there, but company rebuffs Ford Motor Company's request for recall of identical tires already in use in Venezuela, Colombia and Ecuador; Ford says tires returned during its earlier recall of vehicles in three countries lacked protective layer of nylon or were unable to withstand high-speed driving; Bridgestone concedes mislabeling only in Venezuela; Toyota reports no problems with Land Cruisers sold in Venezuela with same tires; 60 tire-linked deaths have been reported there (M)
''People were already kind of doubting Wal-Mart because the low-end consumer has kept spending, and there's no pent-up demand on the part of that consumer,'' said Emme Kozloff, an analyst for Sanford C. Bernstein.
Microsoft has no formal ''stack rank'' policy, she said.
Some government watchdog groups criticized the extent of government largesse, but state and city officials defended the new deal, saying Goldman Sachs was critical to the commercial future of Lower Manhattan.
Turnaround at struggling Interpublic Group of Companies is still work in progress, as evidenced by mixed results reported for second quarter and first half; company reports net loss of $5.4 million, compared with loss of $13.5 million year earlier; revenue rose to $1.54 billion from $1.5 billion; net loss was $22.3 million for first half, compared with net loss of $34.2 million year ago; revenue rose to $2.94 billion from $2.82 billion (M)
But Wall Street is even more worried about another piece of prospective trouble that Boston Scientific could face as soon as September.
Mr. Fraser contended that those defeats were mainly the result of unfair labor tactics by Wal-Mart, like reducing work hours for union sympathizers, and fear among workers in areas with limited job opportunities.
Despite recent efforts by the management of Circuit City to fix the company's problems, it has lagged far behind its main rival, Best Buy, reporting a net loss for the last three quarters.
Many analysts are also expecting the company to counter Intel's pricing moves with price cuts of its own.
Ford Motor Co's decision to abandon takeover of ailing Daewoo Motor Co leads to sell-off of South Korean securities, pulling stock market in Seoul to 18-month low; Ford's decision was unexpectedly heavy blow that reduced chances of salvaging company and sent something of no-confidence message about nation's economic recovery; other Asian markets continue to slide; graph (M)
Comcast will still end up the No.
GENERAL MOTORS ended its efforts to sell its Hughes Electronics division to the EchoStar Communications Corporation yesterday, two months after federal and state regulators moved to block the deal.
Even in China, which has largely avoided the Asian crisis, Motorola is running into problems, with sales of pagers slowing amid a flood of cheap cellular telephones.
Aetna, which also lost track of medical costs as it struggled to integrate the U.S. Healthcare business it bought last year for $8.2 billion, suffered less damage.
For in deciding the antitrust case, the court has to make a judgment about the Compaq-Microsoft relationship: Has even the largest personal computer maker been bent to Microsoft's will in ways that stifle competition and harm consumers?
THE MARKETS: Market Place; Yahoo Warns Of Sharp Drop In Earnings
But the smaller Internet providers will be hard pressed to compete with the marketing muscle of AT&T, which has 80 million residential and 10 million business customers for its long-distance service.
General Motors' unsettling news led to a broad sell-off of shares in companies whose fortunes decline in a weaker economic climate.
Carnival Corp raises its hostile bid for P&O Princess to $5.3 billion, from about $5 billion, but only on condition that 15 percent of shareholders (number needed to adjourn meeting) in target company agree by afternoon of Feb 8 to delay Feb 14 meeting for approving rival deal with Royal Caribbean Cruises; Royal Caribbean, in counterattack, mails letter to P&O Princess shareholders warning that failure to hold meeting could scotch proposed merger (M)
Alerted to the threat, Microsoft strove over a period of approximately four years to prevent middleware technologies from fostering the development of enough full-featured, cross-platform applications to erode the applications barrier.
Motorola said its costly efforts to retire debts, reduce inventories and streamline operations -- a major contributor to its one-time expenses -- had permitted it to generate more than $1 billion in cash in the quarter.
It does not mean Amazon will have net income.
In a pitched battle with America Online, which pioneered instant messaging, Microsoft has sought to deliver messages from its own subscribers to users of America Online's software without the company's permission.
Indeed, both Morgan Stanley and Merrill have designed new retail brokerage models around, no surprise, their brokers.
Celgene is testing its Thalidomide formulation in trials for treatment of AIDS-related weight loss and rheumatoid arthritis.
Most conspicuously, Cisco filed a lawsuit early this year in Texas charging that Huawei stole its computer coding for data routing equipment.
The company was also barred from bidding on $1 billion in Air Force rocket launching contracts after Boeing employees were found to have stolen thousands of proprietary documents from a rival, the Lockheed Martin Corporation.
Carrie Peters, a spokeswoman for Amazon, said, ''We don't encourage anyone to impersonate anybody on our site.''
As the article noted, a Microsoft spokesman said Century Stategy's specific aim was to counter a lobbying campaign against the company being waged by its competitors.
Amazon Cuts Its Loss as Sales Increase
Some big insurers, alarmed by research showing that sport utility vehicles and pickup trucks are inflicting unusually costly harm to cars and their occupants in collisions, are raising liability rates on oversize vehicles in what could amount to largest overhaul of liability coverage since rise of no-fault laws; insurers are also bankrolling new studies and planning series of crash tests to convince auto makers that such vehicles must be modified to make them less dangerous; effects of overhaul could prove startling for motorists: liability rate increase of up to 20 percent for drivers of sport utility vehicles and pickups over next several years and cut of up to 10 percent for car owners; Farmers Insurance Group and Progressive Corp, two of nation's largest insurers, have already begun changing way they calculate their rates; graph (M)
In the end, Apple gave in and made Microsoft's Internet Explorer the default browser and agreed not to promote Navigator, which had been the default browser on Macintosh computers.
''They've always had so many hidden charges that even Dean Buntrock admitted that no one believed the numbers,'' said Nell Minow, a principal with the investment partnership Lens, referring to Waste Management's former chairman.
Food and Drug Administration and Justice Department are conducting criminal investigation into Johnson & Johnson factory in Puerto Rico that makes anemia drug Eprex that has been linked to spate of serious illnesses in Europe and Canada; Eprex users developed pure red cell aplasia, condition in which body can lose its ability to produce red blood cells, leaving patient dependent on blood transfusions to survive; probe is tied to whistle-blower lawsuit filed against Johnson & Johnson by former employee Hector Arce; Arce contends he was pressed to falsify data to cover up manufacturing lapses and then was suspended few days before expected interview with FDA inspectors; Johnson & Johnson denies accusations (M)
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration denies request by Bridgestone/Firestone to investigate safety defects in Ford Explorer, saying crash data indicate that Explorer is not markedly different from comparable sport utility vehicles; decision is victory for Ford Motor Co and provides vindication for its claim that tread separation problems in Firestone tires, not in Explorer, led to higher than normal rate of fatal rollovers in vehicles (M)
Both CSX and Norfolk Southern, which operate in the South and the Midwest, had long sought to acquire Conrail, knowing that the loser would be reduced to a minor competitor in a rapidly consolidating rail industry.
''I didn't want the market to feel I was putting pressure on Priceline's shares,'' Mr. Walker said.
Coleman Peterson, who retired as executive vice president in charge of Wal-Mart's ''people division'' in April after 10 years with the company, warned board members as early as 1999 that Wal-Mart was not in step with other retailers and major companies in its promotion of women.
But ''we had every intention of showing the inadequacies, including substantively, in the government's proposed order,'' particularly since Judge Jackson rejected Microsoft's request for remedy hearings.
Mutual funds held mortgage-related debt securities issued by subprime lenders New Century Financial, NovaStar Financial and others at end of year, indicating that everyday investors are among those who will probably be hurt by turmoil that is tearing through residential mortgage markets; stocks of companies that specialize in risky loans have collapsed as delinquencies have risen; regulatory filings show that mutual funds that specialize in generating high income have bought subprime mortgage securities as market ballooned; some mutual funds may have limited their purchases of debt issued by subprime lenders to securities rated highly by credit rating services like Moody's Investors Service, Standard & Poor's and Fitch Ratings; some mutual funds that are heavily involved in risky loans discussed (M)
Apple Inc. recommended yesterday that users hold off upgrading their computers to Microsoft's new operating system, Windows Vista, because of compatibility problems with Apple's iTunes music software.
Expedia, in particular, developed a reputation for arrogance, and a few chains, notably InterContinental Hotels, withdrew their properties from the site.
But some real estate executives wondered if Vornado would actually close the deal, because Mr. Roth of Vornado has a reputation as a tough and difficult negotiator.
Aetna/US Healthcare, reversing policy that dates back almost decade, decides to stop paying for bone marrow transplants for women with breast cancer--controversial treatment that has not been proved to work (M)
Correction:  April 26, 2007, Thursday  Because of an editing error, an article in Business Day yesterday about Toyota passing General Motors as the No.
Increasing numbers of state legislators and concerned parents have blamed companies like Coca-Cola and PepsiCo for contributing to major increases in childhood obesity in the last few decades.
On Oct. 30, Carol J. Loomis -- a reporter and member of the board of editors of Time Warner's Fortune magazine -- stayed at the Fortune offices until 10:30 P.M., trying to figure out what turmoil was about to be unleashed at Citigroup.
In the face of the government's apparent hard line, Microsoft's leaders were defiant.
Ford Motor and Bridgestone/Firestone have feuded bitterly over responsibility for hundreds of deaths in Explorers equipped with Firestone tires.
Pfizer also violated international law, the lawsuit says, by failing to inform the families that alternative treatment was available from Doctors Without Borders, failing to perform the necessary diagnostic tests to ensure that the children selected in fact had bacterial meningitis, failing to modify treatment for children who did not improve after initial drug therapy and failing to provide follow-up treatment
It's a scary world, except on CBS News, where it seems downright cuddly.
From the beginning of the review, there had been speculation that Interpublic would end up on the losing end.
There is no escaping the fact that Microsoft has now finally and resoundingly crossed the Rubicon.
Intel Corp says fourth-quarter revenue will meet midpoint of its expectations, $10.4 billion to $10.6 billion, disappointing investors; concedes that if its rival, Advanced Micro Devices, is able to meet its forecasts, supply issue could cause Intel to lose market share in fourth quarter (M)
port for attaching older keyboards and mice, which is a profound relief because the new G3 also uses the horrible round mouse and skeletal keyboard that Apple first foisted on iMac buyers.)
Scant weeks before the trial was set to begin, Morgan Stanley and its outside law firm, Kirkland & Ellis, parted ways -- though which side drove the separation is not entirely clear.
Some analysts said the job cuts were overdue and should go deeper because Boeing, which had been slow to modernize its production methods, produced less revenue per employee than its main competitor, the European consortium Airbus Industrie.
Many Xerox shareholders, tired of seeing the stock mired, have called for sweeping changes in management and on the board.
Its stock is near an eight-year low, as investors nervously await a decision in a patent lawsuit that could open Lipitor, the world's top-selling drug with sales of $11 billion last year, to generic competition by 2007 -- four years before Pfizer had planned.
''Our biggest challenge during the quarter was meeting the high consumer demand for the console,'' said J. Scott di Valerio, Microsoft's chief accounting officer.
The biggest investment banks clearly are not optimistic: Credit Suisse First Boston, Goldman Sachs, Lehman Brothers and Merrill Lynch have all pared back their Southeast Asian operations.
Media and technology companies say 2002 may be year for interactive television to become popular in US; cable companies, satellite television services, media conglomerates and Microsoft Corp have all made interactive television key part of their strategic visions; Americans remain apathetic about interactive TV, and not many even understand what it is; in US, interactive television--catch-all term broadly used to describe everything from video on demand to digital video recorders to television commerce--has been driven more by corporate competition than by consumer demand--has been driven more by corporate competition than by consumer demand; analysts say different response to interactive TV among Europeans and Americans stems from relatively higher penetration of personal computers and Internet access in US: tasks that Europeans might do on television, Americans perform on their desktop personal computers; photos (M)
Some analysts see signs that computer market is becoming saturated, turning into a 'replacement' market; some say computer market might begin taking on the cyclical and seasonal traits typical of other industries; other analysts say it is simply too soon to read anything into warnings about lighter than expected demand issued by Intel, Apple and Dell; graph (M)
Wal-Mart, in keeping with its efforts to ban labor organizing among its work force in the United States and elsewhere, resisted official efforts to unionize until late in July, when workers at one of its stores in Fujian Province set up a union branch.
United Automobile Workers union condemns General Motors Corp's Aug 3 announcement of plans to spin off its auto parts subsidiary; this does not bode well for next year's national contract talks; Stephen P Yokich, UAW president, says another strike is always possible, although union might not do anything until Sept 1999, when current national agreements with GM, Ford Motor Co and Chrysler Corp are all scheduled to expire; GM and UAW had agreed, at end of this summer's strikes in Flint, Mich, to begin holding regular, top-level meetings to prevent future confrontations; Richard Shoemaker, UAW's vice president, says there have been few discussions with GM since then; GM spokesman says this is because of vacations (M)
Governments of France, Belgium, Luxembourg and Netherlands have ordered products from Coca-Cola Co off their shelves after dozens of people who drank soft drinks became ill; move comes on heels of health worries over food contaminated with dioxin that began in Belgium and spread across Europe; on June 13, reverberations from dioxin scare led to resignation of Belgian Prime Min Jean-Luc Dehaene; recall, which affects less than 1 percent of Coke's global sales, is another public blow for Coca-Cola, which has been struggling with declining sales in many regions; Coca-Cola executives say that problems along two points in its vast-bottling system, which is controlled in Belgium by Coca-Cola Enterprises, Coke's largest bottler, led to defects in its products; company insists products are safe to drink; photo (M)
Trouble was, this "zero plus" dialing did not work on about one-quarter of pay phones that use long-distance companies other than A.T.& T., and many customers were furious.
That risk was underlined by I.B.M.
Boeing Sees Big Job Cuts Over 2 Years
News of the offer elicited a negative response from some in The Wall Street Journal newsroom.
2 executive of Yahoo, the struggling Internet portal, said yesterday that he would resign, even as the company announced higher revenue and lower losses than it had forecast.
In the face of a sluggish economy and a tough market for retailers, Wal-Mart Stores and Home Depot managed to report today that their earnings rose in the second quarter.
By the late 1990's, Johnson & Johnson's share of the market had fallen sharply.
Federal Judge William J Rea issues preliminary injunction against Adobe Systems Inc, ruling company must stop distribution of some versions of its InDesign software; copyright infringement suit was brought by software maker Trio Systems (S)
Financial analysts said the merger made sense for Symantec in the long run, but the next two years would be challenging because integrating operations and product lines could be difficult.
Last witness for Microsoft Corp finished testifying on May 10 at hearings to determine whether company should face tougher penalties than those it agreed to in proposed settlement of Justice Department's antitrust case; several key questions in case remain unresolved; Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly, who has little background in either technology or antitrust law, has reserved judgment on fundamental issue of how broad scope of remedy should be; Kollar-Kotellyu, after crash course on high-tech industries, will hear oral arguments on Microsoft motion to exclude much of evidence states presented (M)
3 Men Are Charged With Fraud In 1,100 Art Auctions on EBay
Industry experts who Mr. Waxman's office spoke to said it should cost no more than 25 cents a gallon for Halliburton to transport gasoline by tanker-trailers from neighboring countries to Baghdad.
Equally threatened is Johnson & Johnson, which has an estimated $2 billion or more in sales of the drug, which it calls Procrit, under license from Amgen.
Investigators in the New York attorney general's office are examining communications involving the chairman of Berkshire Hathaway, Warren E. Buffett, and the chief executive of a unit of Berkshire who arranged a questionable transaction with Maurice R. Greenberg when he was chief executive of the American International Group.
Nike, which has faced criticism over working conditions in its overseas factories, has often faulted the consortium for being unfriendly to apparel and footwear manufacturers.
But federal and state antitrust regulators worried that Windows 98 would tighten Microsoft's grip on the computer industry and inhibit competition in ways they believed were illegal.
With the Comcast Corporation making an unsolicited offer on Sunday to acquire AT&T's recently constructed cable empire for $44.5 billion in stock, Vision No.
Now Microsoft is also arguing that continued innovation will be threatened if the company is split up.
I will admit to referring to Microsoft as ''the Borg'' (taken from the dominating alien race on ''Star Trek: The Next Generation'') in those dark days of '97 when Apple's future looked shaky.
''And without question, J. P. Morgan and Citigroup should be off because they caused the problem.
''It would be recruiting malpractice to not look more carefully at candidates at Morgan Stanley,'' said Jamie Peretz, an investment banking recruiter at Korn Ferry.
Few new television shows had as much going for them this fall as ''Smith,'' a CBS series about a career thief out for one last big score before he retires.
Moreover, if Microsoft attempts to integrate Web search features directly into its coming Longhorn operating system, it could restart the bitter feud that led to the government antitrust case that grew out of Netscape's failure.
Last June, a federal appeals court ruled that Microsoft had illegally maintained its PC operating system monopoly by blending its Internet browser code with Windows, depriving the Netscape Navigator browser of a fair chance to be a competitive threat to Windows.
Five current and former employees of Digital Equipment Corp say their company was forced to drop planned Internet product last year under threats from Microsoft Corp chairman William H Gates; allegations appear to support Government's contention that Microsoft routinely suppresses competition in any new market that might threaten its monopoly in personal computer operating systems; Digital Equipment employees say company disbanded product development group after Gates told Robert Palmer, who was Digital's chief executive at the time, that a product the group was developing with Microsoft rival, Oracle Corp, would threaten earlier deal for Microsoft to develop version of its Windows NT operating system for Digital's powerful new processor; Microsoft spokesman calls his company's relationship with Digital a 'model partnership' and insists that no improper pressure was applied to force it from any new business (M)
Indeed, Xerox's internal investigation ''did find limited instances of exposed receivables in other countries,'' acknowledged Christa Carrone, a Xerox spokeswoman.
The telecommunications boom of the late 1990's was cruel to Cisco Systems.
Concerns varied from worries that Mr. Blank chose to leave because still more bad news was on the way to guesses that the departure of the popular founder could further depress morale among the Home Depot staff, more than 90 percent of whom are stockholders.
Procter & Gamble also uses the Internet as part of promotions that combine online and offline efforts.
Before July, according to colleagues of Mr. Gates who spoke on condition of anonymity, he had been showing signs of increasing job stress, as Microsoft's battles with the Justice Department and several state attorneys general appeared to overshadow the company's focus on product development and marketing.
Handing a small bone to Microsoft, Judge Jackson dismissed the government's contentions that the company's marketing arrangements with other companies like Compaq and Apple Computer had violated Section 1 of the antitrust act.
AT&T says its new tape could eliminate those extra costs and complications, but the company has no specific plans to begin manufacturing it.
An extension of the department's review was expected because of the outcry from PeopleSoft and its customers about the anticompetitive implications of a takeover by Oracle.
Mr. Klein's departure will come within days of the Supreme Court's decision whether to review the order proposed by the government to break up Microsoft after a court's findings that the company bullied competitors, stifled innovation and repeatedly violated the Sherman Antitrust Act.
Microsoft said it had expected the new complaint.
While the News Corporation's price declined only slightly more than Viacom's on Sept. 17, since then News Corporation shares have fallen much farther, even though Viacom has more revenue pegged to advertising and tourism.
Analysts said Pfizer, the world's biggest drug company, must now accelerate efforts to cut costs and fill its sparse new-drug pipeline both with acquisitions and deals to license other companies' medicines.
In these mock raids, Mr. Jackson said, Intel employees pretending to be Federal agents enter a manager's office, seal it off and look for any documents that portray the company in a less-than-flattering light.
Microsoft Asks Case Be Denied Fast Track
Yesterday's multibillion-dollar pact between AT&T, the nation's largest communications carrier, and I.B.M., the No.
Still, for the Gap, once one of the most resilient retail stocks, July meant merely the latest round of bad news.
Motorola is seeking more than $2 billion in compensatory damages; Nokia seeks more than $700 million in compensatory damages.
Donald L. Evans, the commerce secretary, and Elaine L. Chao, the secretary of labor, met with top executives of the Big Three automakers -- General Motors, Ford Motor and the Chrysler Group -- which had already lost market share this year to foreign manufacturers before the terrorist attacks last week on New York and Washington.
PITY the poor communicators at Verizon Communications.
Ken Johnson, a spokesman for Representative Billy Tauzin, the Louisiana Republican who is leading the House investigation of 101 deaths attributed to Firestone tires, said tonight that ''Ford has never satisfactorily explained to us why they dropped Goodyear as a supplier of tires for its Explorer.''
personal computer business last May 1, the company's advertising and marketing efforts have excluded I.B.M.
Following are excerpts from the European Union's statement yesterday on its finding that Microsoft broke European Union competition law, and comments from Steven A. Ballmer, the chief executive of Microsoft, and Brad Smith, its general counsel, in a conference call later in the day:
Susan Fournier, an associate professor at the Harvard Business School, says Microsoft could be especially vulnerable because of the relationship consumers tend to have with the software maker.
Dan Wall, Oracle's lead lawyer, disputed Mr. Scott's assertion that the unilateral effects theory applied in this case.
Adobe Systems Inc warns that its third-quarter revenue will fall below analysts' expectations, resulting in potential loss; also announces departure of three senior executives and reduction of 240 to 300 jobs, or 13 percent of its work force; executives P Jackson Bell, Robert Roblin and Ross Bott resign (M)
In 1996, Mr. Kaplan wrote a book, ''Start-Up: A Silicon Valley Adventure'' (Penguin USA), in which he blamed Microsoft, in part, for the demise of Go.
In the fall of 1994, William H. Gates, the chairman of the Microsoft Corporation, was upset about the Compaq Computer Corporation's software plans.
Intel Rebuffs the Skeptics of Its Itanium Chip
''We're not happy about it,'' Mr. Lange said of Nike's campaign.
''This is a terrible shock to this system, but they're McDonald's and the restaurants will open.''
Moody's lowered Fiat's senior unsecured debt ratings to Ba1 from Baa3, and its short-term debt rating to Not Prime, from Prime-3.
American International Group severed all ties last night with Maurice R. Greenberg, the irascible executive who had built the company into a global giant over four decades.
Intergraph's suit contends that during a patent dispute between it and Intel, Intel was trying to get access to certain patented microprocessor technologies for which Intergraph owned the rights.
A settlement would remove much uncertainty surrounding Aon since Patrick G. Ryan, the man who built the company, announced on Sept. 30 that he would soon retire as chief executive.
Despite that flop, William H. Gates, Microsoft's chief executive, who earlier this year also assumed the title of chief software architect, remains committed to the idea of software as an ''agent'' with human attributes.
Two Brazilian breweries that agreed last July to form Latin America's biggest beverage company accused the Coca-Cola Company today of trying to derail their $3.9 billion deal in order to suppress a competitive threat in one of Coke's most important overseas markets.
The deal has since been challenged by some Boeing workers and has not yet been approved by the judge in the case.
If the dispute cannot be settled and Intel stops shipments of its wireless chips for PC's to China, the company stands to lose, at least temporarily, access to a huge market for its Centrino chips.
Project Panama, an overhaul of Yahoo's advertising system, whose delays have been a symbol of the company's troubles, is already being rolled out, Ms. Siminoff noted.
Pentagon awards three-year, $1.6 billion contract to Boeing Co to oversee design and testing of integrated nationwide system of satellites and land-based missiles to shoot down incoming ballistic missiles; award comes despite fact that there is still no proven technology capable of protecting nation from missile attack, and several independent studies have questioned whether one is feasible in light of repeated glitches; John Peller, Boeing vice president, is confident Boeing will overcome technological difficulites, citing years of research Pentagon conducted in so-far unsuccessful efforts to build missile defense; new program is far cry from system Pres Reagan proposed, and even from scaled-down versions advocated by Presidents Bush and Clinton (M)
People, he said, are always complaining about Microsoft.
Securities and Exchange Commission files civil complaint against six former officers of Waste Management Inc, providing new details of accounting fraud behind government's criminal action against Arthur Andersen; complaint portrays multiyear effort to inflate reported profits at Waste Management using accounting tricks that allowed company to hide about $1.7 billion in expenses from 1992 through part of 1997; complaint says Arthur Andersen accountants complained about efforts but still approved company's financial statements when their objections were effectively ignored; Thomas Newkirk, associate director of SEC's enforcement division, says 'complaint is a catalog of ways to cook the books'; Arthur Andersen, which complaint contends played central role in allowing accounting fraud to continue, paid $7 million fine last year and accepted injunction against future misdeeds as part of settlement of its role in Waste Management case; complaint names Waste Management founder-former chairman Dean L Buntrock, Philip B Rooney, who served as president, chief operating officer and later chief executive during part of relevant period, and James E Koenig, former chief financial officer; others named are Thomas C Hau, former chief accounting officer, Herbert A Getz, former general counsel, and Bruce D Tobecksen, former vice president for finance; chart; photo (M)
As a result, what emerges in the court battle could prove interesting to unhappy shareholders who have recently brought their own suit against Mattel for mismanagement.
But setting up fake corporations was only the beginning, according to the insurance companies, Progressive Auto Insurance; Allstate; Geico, a unit of Berkshire Hathaway; and New York Central Mutual.
Aetna said yesterday that it would write off $307 million in after-tax earnings this year to cover the costs of the latest job cuts, including $167 million in payments to people leaving the company.
Communications Workers of America and International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, which represent more than 86,000 customer service workers and technicians who are on strike at Verizon Communications, continue to wrangle with company over several issues, extending strike now in its 11th day (M)
But the maneuver failed when the New York Stock Exchange rejected Morgan Stanley's efforts to force the matter into arbitration.
Yet neither Xerox nor investors were acting as though the company was in serious trouble yesterday.
The formerly heated battle between Web browser software made by Microsoft and Netscape has all but ended in an overwhelming victory for Microsoft.
The testers of the new Microsoft products included the Scripps Research Institute in San Diego, where the cancer research group is using Vista, Office and SharePoint to show 3-D images of protein molecules on the surface of cancer cells, let scientists worldwide look at them and share written research.
Market Place column on Wall Street's concern about Motorola Inc, whose reputation has been hurt by several missteps it has made, as well as by challenges beyond its control, such as economic crisis in Asia (M)
''Microsoft has a lot of domestic enemies, and a lot of them are in Silicon Valley, and they have thrown a lot of cash at both parties, but in particular to the Democrats,'' Mr. Kovacic said.
Last year's tire recall and publicity over fatal rollovers ''had no impact whatsoever on the scope of this launch, on the message of this launch,'' insisted Doug Scott, Ford's S.U.V.
There is little doubt that Interpublic, the world's No.
Hasbro, the world's second-largest toy maker, will also pay the states $2.38 million, which is to be used for toys, books and other educational material.
AT&T and Comcast rejected that idea because they would be stuck with perhaps $9 billion in cable stock at a moment when cable shares are deeply depressed.
For years, even as evidence that the medicine might increase risk of heart attacks mounted, Merck disputed such findings.
Negotiations between General Motors and bankrupt Daewoo Motor of South Korea are in danger of failure (M)
Mr. Galvin's departure, which was announced in September and attributed to disagreements with the board over the pace of change at the company, ends a three-generation link between his family and management of Motorola.
In a separate statement, Mr. Abbott said the state had not taken any legal action to block Oracle's proposed takeover, but that it was watching developments closely.
Profile of David W Thursfield, group vice president for international operations at Ford Motor Co and global purchasing chief; Ford, which lost $5.5 billion last year, concedes that its turnaround is behind schedule, and it increasingly appears to be Thursfield's job to change that; photo (M)
As Comcast moves to acquire AT&T's cable business, investors worry about the price.
Under the new guidelines, Citigroup will ''quote the loan payment without credit insurance first,'' the memorandum said, ''stressing the optional nature of purchasing credit insurance.''
Although he resigned from the job of chief financial officer in 2004 and went on to help found Elevation Partners, a private equity firm, Mr. Anderson spent time at Apple this year reviewing the options matters before resigning from the board.
has closed the last obvious avenue for Tele-Communications to upgrade its medium-powered satellite service, Prime Star, without the help of Mr. Murdoch's News Corporation and the MCI Communications Corporation.
Amazon.com, the No.
Stock market uncertainty and growing friction between Hughes Electronics head Michael Smith and General Motors management reportedly are making it harder for GM to sell Hughes; share price of Hughes, owner of satellite television company DirecTV, has fallen 16 percent in last week alone; stock price graph (M)
Securities and Exchange Commission files lawsuit against Xerox Corp in federal court in Manhattan, claiming that for four years company fraudulently used its accounting to 'burnish and distort' its financial results; Xerox, which said last week that it agreed to pay $10 million fine, did not admit or deny accusations laid out in SEC's 32-page complaint (M)
Not only is there no telephone number on Amazon's Web site, but the company makes a point of not including one.
Intel Corp is set to announce technology breakthrough that could cut cycle for doubling capacity of computer chips, and thus making older computers obsolete, in from 18 months to nine months or less; development, which alters basic physics of chip design, promises coming generation of chips with greater memory at falling costs; new chips can store not one but two bits of data on each transistor; Intel engineers believe it may be possible to store even more bits per transistor (M)
Nike, Fighting Trade Suit, Asks Justices for Free-Speech Protection
The founding corporate members of the project include America Online; AT&T; Compuserve, which is owned by H & R Block; Microsoft, Netcom, and Prodigy Services, which is owned by Sears, Roebuck and I.B.M..
Consumers complain that Gap seems adrift.
Executives for Pfizer Inc prepare to defend company's $80 billion hostile takeover bid for Warner-Lambert at shareholders' meeting; Pfizer expects to make case that combination between Warner and Pfizer would have higher earnings potential than merger between Warner and American Home Products, which Warner had been considering; analysts say battle is sure to be protracted unless Pfizer drops conditions of its offer or sweetens its bid (M)
''We wanted to boil down all the complicated long-distance pricing schemes to a simple equation: no hidden charges, no monthly fees, no minimum call times,'' said Daniel Schulman, Priceline's president and chief executive.
Wal-Mart has come under severe criticism because it insures less than half its United States work force and because its employees routinely show up, in larger numbers than employees of other retailers, on state Medicaid rolls.
That situation foreshadowed the frustrations Union Pacific has faced since its 1996 acquisition of Southern Pacific, which turned out to be far more trouble than anticipated.
General Motors Corp plans rebound following record low market share and rumors of hostile takeover bid; GM's executives stress that they are relying on existing plans to increase market share as redesigned cars and trucks roll out of factories next year; their apparent lack of urgency is causing Wall Street--and other automotive companies--to breathe sign of relief because many feared GM would panic and start price war that would crimp profits industrywide (M)
When Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani, a political ally of Mr. Murdoch, tried to solve the Fox News Channel's problem by transmitting it on one of the city-owned, public-interest cable channels known as Crosswalks, a Federal judge slapped him down.
The loss of Frontier is yet another blow to Boeing, which has lost several longtime customers to Airbus in recent years.
Chief executive of Warner-Lambert Co, Lodewijk J R de Vink, describes his company's rationale for proceeding with proposed $72 billion merger with American Home Product Corp and spurning hostile, though more lucrative, overture by Pfizer Inc; de Vink says that he met with William C Steere, Pfizer's chairman and chief executive, but that Steere stopped short of making real offer, saying he was involved in another transaction; says he told Steere that Warner-Lambert is not interested, in part because size differential and fit is not in best interest of company or shareholders (M)
has threatened to enter the Macintosh market head-on, by making a portable Macintosh clone, if Apple continues to insist on the dramatically higher licensing fees.
Despite growing quickly in revenue, AT&T Latin America is still losing money.
Chevron had also demanded that a Chevron executive head the new company, while Peter I. Bijur, the 57-year-old chairman and chief executive of Texaco, had wanted the combined board to decide who would head the merged company, people close to the talks said.
No company, analysts say, has more different pieces of technology it can deploy, so the integrated hardware-and-software strategy makes sense for I.B.M.
When asked why Mr. Hance neglected to mention the $89 million, Robert Stickler, Bank of America's spokesman, said, ''Mr.
''Morgan Stanley brokers are unhappy and I would expect to see more departures.''
Toyota, General Motors and seven other automakers file suit to block California's new greenhouse gas regulation, which was approved by state in its final form in September; suit sets up battle between automakers and Gov Arnold Schwarzenegger, who has promised to defend regulation, which was signed by his predecessor, Gray Davis; regulation would require automakers to cut by about 30 percent greenhouse gas emissions from cars and trucks sold in state by 2016 model year; industry is suing in federal court, contending that California's regulation is pre-empted by Washington's authority to regulate fuel economy (M)
The action, ordered late Monday after Boeing's chief executive resigned, could lead to the deal's being scrapped and to new bids from Boeing's competitors, the officials said.
General Motors has lost money in four of the last five quarters, including more than $4 billion this year in North America.
From the giant Ford Motor Company to the modest-size Huffy Corporation, which makes bicycles and scooters, American companies are already feeling the effect on their bottom lines of the terrorist attacks against the United States.
For instance, contestants offered prior art that was dated after the one-click patent was issued, that Amazon had already accounted for on its patent application or that described methods of shopping but failed to mention the Internet, Hypertext Markup Language software or electronic commerce.
When Columbia sold its hospitals in places like Louisville, Ky., Chicago and San Antonio, the chain had less at stake in negotiations with Humana, threatening at one point to ''walk away'' from its contract, Mr. Wolf said.
The charge, which was widely expected, was slightly higher than what was anticipated by investors and analysts and will result in Boeing's first annual loss since 1947.
The group has named no other targets yet than Campbell.
In the end, Boeing retreated from most of its original positions, including a demand that workers pay more for health insurance.
Leaders of the United Automobile Workers union strongly criticized the General Motors Corporation today, a sign that this summer's strikes in Flint, Mich. did not produce a reconciliation and that next year's national contract talks between G.M.
But with the announcement, Microsoft created as much confusion as it dispelled.
So now all enemies of Cisco are friends of ours.''
Mr. Perelman's lawyers said that Morgan Stanley had purposefully violated court orders by not turning over evidence that it requested, putting it at a legal disadvantage.
It could affect 28 cents a share of after-tax income from the Prudential Insurance Company in the three months ended Sept. 30, which Aetna booked as service fees and ''reinsurance'' to make up for continuing Prucare losses.
Several one-time expenses, including a $36 million expense related to a company that had sold apartment coverage on behalf of Aon, hurt earnings.
Intel's one real problem seems to be that it cannot keep up with the torrid pace of orders.
Since the 1984 breakup of A.T.& T. into a long-distance carrier and seven "Baby Bells," the former Bell System has struggled to modernize its equipment and reshape itself as a nimble competitor.
Human rights groups say that Yahoo has helped identify at least four people, including the journalist Shi Tao in 2004, who have since been imprisoned for voicing dissent in cyberspace.
Again and again, he tried to point to contradictions between what Daniel Rosen, the witness, was saying today and what he and other Microsoft executives had written and said in the past.
But rather than abandoning the Power PC market, I.B.M.
''That puts it in perspective,'' said Paul H. Nisbet, a weapons industry analyst who heads JSA Research Inc. in Newport, R.I. ''If you look at just their electronics business, Northrop at $4 billion will be up against Lockheed Martin and Raytheon, each with $14 billion- to $15 billion-sized electronics organizations.''
Human Rights Watch, which typically focuses on rights violations in Burundi, North Korea or other foreign countries, said that when Wal-Mart stores faced unionization drives, the company often broke the law by, for example, eavesdropping on workers, training surveillance cameras on them and firing those who favored unions.
Mr. Rosensweig replaces Jeffrey Mallet, Yahoo's longtime president, who announced his resignation in January.
Defense lawyers negotiate to have charges dropped against Dmitri Sklyarov, 26-year-old Russian cryptographer accused of violating 1998 digital copyright law by trafficking a program that decrypts electronic books from Adobe Systems; photo (S)
Mr. Rather, 74, was referring to his contention, as expressed in several interviews in recent days, that he had been given far too little to do as a reporter on ''60 Minutes'' since stepping down as anchor and managing editor of the ''CBS Evening News'' last year in the aftermath of a reporting scandal.
Medtronic said it would place the $40 million into escrow pending dismissal of the lawsuit, and it would take a one-time charge in the quarter ending July 28.
EBay forces Kenneth Walton to sell HammerTap, company that sells software that scans eBay's past sales to predict future selling prices; Walton, who ran company anonymously, is awaiting sentencing for trying to sell fake Richard Diebenkorn painting on eBay for $135,000; prosecutors do not regard Walton's connection with HammerTap software as violation of his plea agreement to abstain from personal involvement in online auctions; photo (M)
And if the book doesn't arrive at 09175 or is damaged on the way, I'll have a problem -- and will probably find myself, unhappily, reading a lot of the Amazon fine print that I avoided.
The iCatch is a simple piece of molded translucent plastic (offered in any of Apple's fruit colors) that clips on top of the horrible round mouse that Apple now inflicts on all its desktop models.
Several weeks ago, H. Lee Scott Jr., the chief executive of Wal-Mart, told analysts that he was ''surprised that the disruption that occurred during the remodels was as extensive as it has been.''
In an interview with The Times of London in March, Mr. Kagermann criticized the Justice Department's effort to block Oracle's bid for PeopleSoft and the department's market definition.
The Intel Corporation narrowed its first-quarter revenue estimate Thursday, saying its microprocessor business performed at the low end of seasonal patterns because of a slight oversupply in Asia.
The appeal by the companies argued that Sinergia would strengthen competition by allowing them to match Wal-Mart's prices.
But John T. Chambers, the chief executive of Cisco, said the quarterly results were more of a reflection on the company's own execution and performance than on broader demand.
Caremark, in its statement, reiterated its criticism of Express Scripts' bid, saying the offer would add too much debt and might not be approved.
He also said that Microsoft apparently failed to provide technical documentation, making it hard for potential licensees to know what is worth licensing.
The deal would be the latest trophy in a lengthy string of acquisitions by Oracle, the database software giant that has been struggling to grow from within.
Indeed, Verizon Wireless is considering whether to make a separate bid for Sprint alone.
If things do not improve at Boeing soon, the machinists may not be the only ones fearing for their jobs.
Accuses Former Citigroup Executives of Securities Fraud
The disruption was particularly embarrassing for Microsoft, which has been preaching the gospel of secure computing.
In the suit, Cisco sought unspecified damages and a court order to stop Huawei from selling the products that Cisco claims infringe its patents.
A report that was more downbeat came from Merrill Lynch, which last week lowered its rating of Interpublic stock to sell -- a rare call on Wall Street -- from neutral.
In all, during the period under review, 1998 to the present, Goodyear has lost about $700 million.
Critics reply that what the engineers will be trained to do is to use Microsoft's technology.
''The proper conclusion from Schmalensee's argument cannot be that Microsoft lacks monopoly power,'' Mr. Fisher wrote in his testimony.
Prince, Citigroup is struggling to find its way as its once-soaring stock sags and its earnings performance becomes increasingly erratic.
Still, Mr. Smith and some skeptics in the industry, including Boeing, say they believe that Airbus has staked out shaky ground, positioning the A380 for carrying huge passenger loads over long distances from one congested major airport to another.
''There is no indication that competitive pricing pressures are easing,'' Ed Gams, head of investor relations for Motorola, said.
Indeed, Microsoft has made repeated unsuccessful forays into the living room since 1982PER MARKOFF, when it briefly introduced Modular Windows, designed for an interactive CD player.
The United States Attorney's office for the District of Utah last month subsequently charged the seller, Russell Dana Smith, on 54 counts of wire and mail fraud in connection with the eBay sales.
Human rights groups have criticized Yahoo for helping Chinese authorities identify dissidents who were later imprisoned.
The larger Merck & Company, based in Whitehouse Station, N.J., was once a subsidiary of Merck KGaA, but became independent after World War I.
Article on Southwest Airlines' attempts to undo public relations damage caused by its announcement that it has begun charging extra large people for two airplane seats (M)
A nearly yearlong investigation, in which prosecutors reviewed records of Mr. Coughlin's travel, phone calls and e-mail messages, produced no evidence that he or any other executive at Wal-Mart ever paid a union member for information, according to one person briefed on the inquiry who spoke on the condition of anonymity because Mr. Coughlin is not scheduled to officially enter the plea until later this month.
The Xerox Corporation, whose auditors had refused to sign off on its annual report until they had rechecked the numbers, said yesterday that the auditors, KPMG, found some accounting discrepancies but uncovered no signs of fraud.
But last week the conflict exploded into one of the central disputes in the government's review of America Online's proposed acquisition of Time Warner.
Ford Motor Co's new advertising drive for redesigned 2002 Explorer sport utility vehicle will ignore recent safety concerns and instead present vehicle as way for customers to enrich their lives; will not mention design changes made to reduce risks of rolling over or killing other motorists in crashes (M)
Morgan Stanley has strongly denied reports that it gave Mr. Curry money as part of that settlement.
''We have made a very, very difficult decision to manage our exposure by reducing our market share,'' Brian Pozzi, an Allstate regional counsel, said in an interview.
In the latest episode of the battle that began when Time Warner declined to add Fox's new all-news cable channel to its cable systems in New York, executives from Fox and Time Warner exchanged bitter charges yesterday, accusing each other of misrepresentations and outright lies in a dispute that involves contracts to transmit the signals of Fox stations in such cities as Tampa, Fla., Milwaukee and Austin, Tex.
National Transportation Safety Board investigators say initial problem that Alaska Airlines crew had with horizontal stabilizer does not appear to be what sent jetliner plunging into Pacific Ocean; say in second dive jet fell out of sky so fast that people on board were pushed toward ceiling at three times normal force of gravity; say radar shows that some parts might have fallen off plane at about time it began its second dive (M)
Federal regulators are expected to examine the role of a Dow Jones director in the possible leak of inside information to a Hong Kong couple, who were accused yesterday of making millions of dollars from trading shortly before news of Rupert Murdoch's takeover offer.
The Interpublic agencies that will be losing their assignments have worked for Bank of America -- the nation's No.2 bank behind Citibank -- since late 2002.
Memphis jury says Medtronic's spinal products subsidiary should pay $400 million in punitive damages for violating agreements covering its use of surgical products invented by Dr Gary K Michelson; punitive award follows verdict reached by jury last month that Medtronic owed $159 million in compensatory damages and unpaid royalties to Michelson and his company Karlin Technology; Michelson contends he spent $62 million on case; photo (M)
Attacking the government's claims and the judge's findings one by one, Microsoft first tried to rebut the conclusion that it had illegally tied a Web browser, Internet Explorer, to the Windows operating system.
Cervical cancer: GLAXOSMITH KLINE, MERCK  Childhood diseases*: GLAXOSMITH KLINE, AVENTIS, MERCK  Cytomegalovirus+: GLAXOSMITH KLINE, AVENTIS  Dengue fever: GLAXOSMITH KLINE, AVENTIS  Hepatitis: GLAXOSMITH KLINE, CHIRON  H.I.V.
Mr. Jobs said some of the revenue drop was a result or ''Apple specific'' issues, including loss of share in the education market, failure to introduce quickly computers with faster processors and CD-rewritable  drives, and disappointing sales of the PowerMac G4 Cube.
I think the idea that Microsoft is going to kill General Motors or Disney someday is nonsense.''
The Microsoft Corporation violated the nation's antitrust laws through predatory and anticompetitive behavior and kept ''an oppressive thumb on the scale of competitive fortune,'' a federal judge ruled today.
Microsoft is trying to head off demands that it give rivals licenses to use basic code of its operating system as way of settling antitrust action against it in Europe; Microsoft, in confidential written response to European Commission's allegations that company had abused Windows' market dominance, writes that imposing compulsory licensing would violate international copyright law; 102-page document is given to other companies involved in litigation, including Sun Microsystems, when it was filed with commission; Sun's complaint to European competition regulators in 1998 led to commission's investigation of Microsoft (M)
Mr. Munger may end up staying at Morgan Stanley, but his wavering status demonstrates that Mr. Perella's resignation could reverberate commercially for the firm, if high-producing bankers like Mr. Munger and others close to Mr. Perella decide to leave Morgan Stanley, taking their clients to rival firms.
In January, the 12-year-old company, based in San Jose, Calif., announced what it characterized as a significant shift in its philosophy toward protecting eBay members from fraud.
Mr. Roberts said that AT&T's debt level was about $13.5 billion and that the combined companies would have about $25 billion in debt and would have annual cash flow, without any synergies, of about $5 billion, which includes an estimated $2.8 billion of Comcast cash flow and $2.2 billion for AT&T.
Michael F Price resigns as chief executive of Franklin Templeton Group; Robert L Friedman is named chief investment officer, and Peter Langerman, currently chief operating officer, will take over as chief executive; Friedman says first order of business will be to address causes of recent underperformance; photo (Market Place) (M)
Ms. Casler said that the Web site that was attacked is the main e-commerce site for Nike, but that it was too soon to tell whether the company lost revenue, and, if so, how much.
Lately, Microsoft's efforts in the so-called content business have been disappointing, and when the company announced a broad-ranging reorganization earlier this year Mr. Myhrvold was not a member of an executive management group that reported directly to Mr. Gates.
VS. MICROSOFT: THE LOBBYING
''We told McNealy,'' Mr. Scott said, ''that if you want to use this as a stick to beat up on Microsoft and AOL, forget it.
Analysts said that Citigroup might have to be more aggressive about cutbacks if it intended to meet some of its goals.
Amazon contended yesterday that the suit is without merit.
Then last June, Norway added Wal-Mart Stores to its blacklist, alleging that the retailer was guilty of tolerating child-labor violations by its suppliers in the developing world and obstructing unions at home.
Terry S. Semel, chief executive of Yahoo, said profit was depressed in the fourth quarter by several small factors, including a few acquisitions and the sale of its Chinese operation to Alibaba, a company in which it has a partial stake.
if any, manufacturers say they intend to take advantage of Microsoft's offer, noting experience has shown that consumers are not interested in watching television on their computers (M)
To Marriott's foes, the poor performance of the limited partnerships fits that troubling pattern.
Mr. Quarles of Monsanto said he was reluctant to guess when the genetically engineered feed corn will be exported and sold in Europe.
Jack L. Kelly of Goldman, Sachs & Company said he expected that a combination of layoffs and cuts in Kodak's digital product portfolio could result in 75 cents to $1 a share in incremental earnings, even accounting for lower film prices and higher marketing costs.
Mr. Silverberg went on leave and Microsoft was revamped into the current structure.
Microsoft Corp, ignoring Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson's assertion the he wanted no more briefs, files detailed criticism of government's breakup plan, last filing for record before Jackson rules on how to deal with company's antitrust violations; Microsoft's proposal significantly modifies nearly every element of government's remedy plan, lengthening amount of time company would have to comply with order and scaling back many proposals; Justice Department says filing does not come to grips with fact that Microsoft has been found to have repeatedly engaged in serious legal violations, and serious remedies are required (M)
But more than bad news, uncertainty is detested by investors.
The upbeat report comes just one quarter after eBay fell a penny short of Wall Street estimates, a disappointment that prompted six analysts to downgrade their recommendations on the stock.
In previous Olympics, Nike officials complained that Adidas's use of its signature three racing stripes on uniforms was an unfair branding advantage because of its prominence.
Still, with Japan stagnating in the grip of deflation, the government's domestic debt levels are certain to rise ''even under optimistic assumptions,'' Moody's said, adding that the government seems unable or unwilling to come to grips with the future financial burdens that are likely to be felt as Japan's population ages.
Mr. Ellison repeatedly asserted that the spying operation was justified by Microsoft's own business practices, which recently led the federal judge who heard the antitrust case against the company, Thomas Penfield Jackson, to rule that Microsoft should be broken in two.
Analysts said that a further obstacle for Merck could come from federal regulators, who would now be more likely to require longer-term studies before approving its new drug Arcoxia, which is  also in the COX-2 class.
Debenture holders for three issues were told yesterday of A.T.& T.'s plan to buy back, or redeem, the debt on April 22.
A spokesman for Boeing said he expected the service to cost about $20 an hour initially but that rates could drop as use picked up.
A British regulator fined Citigroup more than $25 million on Tuesday for its rapid trades of billions of dollars of Eurobonds last summer, which caused prices to plummet and stirred the anger of other trading houses.
When high-technology spending surged in the late 1990's, the technology group was a strong business for I.B.M., as shipments had trouble keeping up with demand.
The lawsuit was filed in California because two of the plaintiffs are in the state and Wal-Mart has numerous California stores.
Moody's Warns That New York State's Budget Could Spawn Gigantic Deficits
The accumulation of that stake and the threat that Mr. Malone could use it to challenge Mr. Murdoch's control led News Corporation to enact a contentious poison pill a couple of years ago.
THE INTERPUBLIC GROUP of Companies in New York is scrambling to put the best face on the extraordinary executive shake-up orchestrated by its board last week, but doubts are multiplying about whether the restructured management team can pull off a turnaround at the agency company.
Con Edison Stresses Century of Service
Pres Bush, speaking in Jackson, Miss, and Vice Pres Dick Cheney, speaking in San Francisco, defend administration's stewardship of faltering economy and vow to punish corporate misconduct; twin speeches underscore how much political heat administration is feeling on issue of corporate wrongdoing and are part of White House strategy to reassure investors about state and economy; Cheney deflects question about investigation of accounting practices at Halliburton, oil services company he used to run; Bush says blame for nation's economic troubles lies with his predecessor, attacks of Sept 11 and continuing corporate scandals; photos (M)
But industry analysts say the move is a shrewd way for Microsoft both to appeal to a broader market and persuade skeptical customers to try the pen-based options.
Amazon removed that question from the search results page after it received a complaint from a member of the Religious Coalition for Reproductive Choice, a national organization based in Washington.
Jack L. Stahl, who had worked at Coke for two decades, has resigned as president and chief operating officer.
Judge Ira Gammerman's ruling that software companies cannot be sued for Year 2000 problems before actual damage has occurred echoed the conclusions reached in August by a Santa Clara County judge in California in the first such suit against Intuit.
Apple testified that Microsoft threatened to stop development of its popular Office suite for the Macintosh, unless Apple agreed to distribute Microsoft's browser.
Greg Greeley, Amazon's vice president for media products for North America and Japan, strenuously disagreed with the notion that online sales of used books harmed the publishing industry.
Mr. Tobin's mission is to determine what Boston Scientific must do to get out of the federal agency's doghouse without major new sanctions and before the ban on new products begins to cripple the company.
On the other hand, AT&T Comcast will have a big burden of debt, and that usually prompts price increases.
Apple's last profit warning came a year ago when the company's results lagged forecasts because of parts shortages.
For the quarter ended Dec. 31, Apple reported a loss of $120 million, compared with a loss of $69 million in the period a year earlier.
Citigroup said it expected to cut about $525 million in costs from its consumer business and about $350 million from its corporate business.
While the Dean Witter and Morgan Stanley factions waged their internal battles, Goldman Sachs reinvented itself as an aggressive trader of its own and its clients' capital and Lehman Brothers built up its investment banking practice even as it milked the bull market in bond trading.
''All of the five critical vulnerabilities are, of course, critical, so that means they are wormable,'' said Jeff Jones, senior director of Microsoft's security business unit.
Despite what they describe as an aggressive training program, with five weeks of instruction before starting work, Boeing executives conceded that many new workers were still not fully prepared.
Investors, many of whom had thought that Kodak's $1.80 annual dividend was sacrosanct, reacted with fury, sending Kodak shares down $4.84, or 18 percent, to $22.15.
The Federal Trade Commission is preparing to file a major antitrust suit against Intel, accusing the company of abusing its position as the monopoly manufacturer of microprocessors for personal computers and bullying some computer manufacturers, lawyers involved in the investigations said last week.
By stressing the positive and countering the expressions of doubt, I.B.M.
In a bid to bolster its expertise in drug discovery, Amgen Inc. said Monday that it would pay $1.3 billion in stock to acquire Tularik, a smaller biotechnology company with several drugs in clinical trials and a stellar scientific reputation.
Morgan Stanley Reports 5% Drop in Income
Five current and former employees of the Digital Equipment Corporation say that their company was forced to drop a planned Internet product last year under threats from the chairman of the Microsoft Corporation, William H. Gates.
Last month, Microsoft notified the Securities and Exchange Commission that antitrust problems in Europe might delay the introduction of Vista in Europe.
After the Digital Equipment Corporation sued the Intel Corporation, contending it violated a raft of Digital's patents, precincts of the computer world were variously bemused, enthused and confused.
Meanwhile, the Federal Aviation Administration, which last week ordered emergency inspections of all MD-80's and similar airplanes, said that 15 planes, including four at Alaska Airlines, might show signs of problems.
Comcast was calculating its debt levels, Mr. Roberts said, after assuming the sale of those assets and the debt associated with them, although it is not evident that there is an obvious buyer willing to pay full price for those holdings.
''What Sprint has done is technically perhaps even more difficult than what Verizon is doing,'' said Mr. Entner of the Yankee Group.
It is also one of the first criminal copyright cases that does not explicitly involve copying, but focuses on the distribution of a program that could crack Adobe Systems software used to encrypt electronic books.
''Net-net, it will be a wash, because our industry's products will be used to rebuild the devastated areas,'' said Andrew N. Liveris, chief executive of the Dow Chemical Company.
The regulator, the Financial Services Authority, ordered Citigroup to pay a 4 million ($7.3 million) penalty and to return the 9.96 million ($18.1 million) in profit it made on a trading strategy that became known in the bank as Dr.
Investors punished Motorola yesterday, pushing the company's shares down 6.6 percent, to $17.50, as some equity and debt analysts downgraded the company.
Interpublic, the world's second-largest agency company, after the Omnicom Group, has been grappling with difficulties ranging from accounting irregularities and growing losses at a motor-sports division to an investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission and earnings reports that have disappointed Wall Street.
Microsoft said yesterday that it would be eliminating its troubled UltimateTV division, a competitor to TiVo, which is based in San Jose, Calif.
Paul Krugman Op-Ed column on Brazil reports that Bush administration, which says it is for free trade and against bailouts, has once again put its money where its mouth isn't, with Sec Paul O'Neill approving IMF's $30-billion loan; says it is good that administration has woken up to major threat to US interests in hemisphere and to realization that doing the opposite of what Bill Clinton did is not always best; at same time expresses misgivings that bailout is rescuing Citigroup and FleetBoston, which have had almost $20 billion at risk in Brazil (M)
Verizon argues that the bargain was not intended to get service providers to police subscribers who used their own computers to perform illegal acts.
Major Internet providers America Online, Earthlink, Yahoo and Microsoft file lawsuits to shut down leading senders of junk e-mail, invoking new federal antispam law that took effect Jan 1; seek monetary damages and injunctions against different groups of suspected spammers; 62 percent of all e-mail in February was spam, up from 58 percent in December before law took effect; photo; graph; AOL sues Davis Wolfgang Hawke, former neo-Nazi group leader selling penis enlargement pills; Microsoft sues JDO Media over multilevel marketing scheme; Yahoo sues Golddisk.net and related companies in Ontario over mortgage and travel e-mail; all four also sue 220 yet unidentified spammers, many operating offshore (M)
But yesterday, Adobe said it would withdraw its support for the prosecution of Mr. Sklyarov.
Analysts had expected Priceline to report a loss of 7 cents a share and revenue of $257 million, according to I.B.E.S.
Among those doubting there is a new trend is Kevin W. Sharer, the chairman and chief executive of Amgen.
The problem has been worsened by the strength of the dollar, which has made Kodak's products relatively more expensive overseas.
But experts say the answers are no more obvious now than when United's losses started mounting at an alarming rate two years ago, during an economic downturn that starkly revealed just how unprepared traditional hub-and-spoke airlines were for the challenge from low-cost carriers like Southwest Airlines.
The changes that Microsoft agreed to make are intended to let consumers know which information about them is available to commercial Web sites and to make it simpler to restrict that data.
Mr. Messman insists that the company's goal in acquiring SuSE is to develop the Linux market, not to win over Microsoft customers.
Federal appeals court judges pelt lawyers representing Justice Department and 19 states with skeptical questions about Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson's ruling that Microsoft violated Sherman Antitrust Act by trying to leverage its monopoly in operating system market to gain control of new areas; majority also appears to question finding that company violated law by tying Internet Explorer Web browser to Windows; appeals court is expected by most experts to reverse some of Jackson's decision, but perhaps not enough to erode order to split company in two; judges, who show they have intensely scrutinized voluminous record, also ask tough technical questions of Microsoft lawyers; photo (M)
The Intel Corporation said today that it had lowered prices on its Pentium II microprocessors for desktop computers by 12 percent to 20 percent.
Halliburton has said that it has a $125 million net reserve for asbestos liabilities and has insurance to cover most asbestos-related expenses.
Analysts said that the shortfall from a bellwether technology company like Intel would probably worsen the recent turmoil among stocks in the sector, and that investors should brace for a big Nasdaq sell-off on Friday.
One day after Kraft Foods and Procter & Gamble announced that they would shun contentious new talk show The Savage Nation hosted by Michael Savage, commercials for two of their products appeared on program's debt episode March 8 by mistake; Kraft and Procter & Gamble also reiterate their decisions to avoid show because its contents do not meet their guidelines for acceptable content; activist groups like National Organization for Women and Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation have protested decision by MSNBC executives to give Savage progam and urged advertiser to boycott it; photo (M)
Mr. Pantoliano, who, along with his memorable turn on ''The Sopranos,'' has had several previous shows on CBS without success, is the star, along with Mary Stuart Masterson, who was a regular last season on ''Law & Order: SVU.''
But Mr. Werbach -- who, in the late 1990s, chastised environmentalists in speeches and essays for failing to reach average Americans -- said he realized that by ignoring Wal-Mart, ''I would be saying no to the one company that spoke to basically every American.''
Microsoft's Internet Explorer posts a warning before letting users run the programs.
Brazos River Harbor Navigation District, Brazoria County, Tex., $466 million of debt securities for Dow Chemical.
After striking a reef on Monday while leaving St. Maarten in the French West Indies, Royal Caribbean's Monarch of the Seas has canceled its scheduled voyage this Sunday and may cancel others, pending assessment of the damage.
Microsoft counters that the evidence in the case and the recent rise of new competitive threats make it ''painfully obvious that Microsoft does not possess monopoly power -- the ability to control prices or exclude competitors.''
The big legal issues, they say, are whether Microsoft's bundling of its Internet browser with its industry-standard Windows operating system was an illegal tying of two products and whether Microsoft's dealings with other companies was indeed ''monopolizing conduct,'' in legal parlance.
Jones did not aid and abet any fraudulent activity during his watch at Citigroup Asset Management,'' the statement said.
MCI would have to pay Verizon a $240 million breakup fee if it called off the deal.
The other two commercials with suicide themes that have been withdrawn were for General Motors and Volkswagen of America.
Dozens of studies sponsored by Johnson & Johnson that might have warned doctors away were never published, just as the pharmaceutical manufacturer Pfizer failed to publish an early study of Celebrex that indicated a heart risk.
Dr. Fred T. Valentine, a professor of medicine at New York University, said Pfizer was ''very foolish'' to abandon the drug.
Even as the long-distance business all but collapsed, the results from AT&T's cable upgrades were slow in coming.
The Ford Motor Company today expanded the duties of David W. Thursfield, one of its top executives, reinforcing speculation that Mr. Thursfield is being groomed to take the No.
The chief executive of Marsh & McLennan, a scion of a family of insurance industry executives who built reputations as being tough but fair to clients, faces a showdown with investigators over accusations of bid-rigging, the third time in less than a year that his company has come under scrutiny.
Amazon.com Is Using the Web to Block Unions' Effort to Organize
''The mechanism that created the symptoms is not very clear,'' he said, arguing that the contaminants identified by Coca-Cola were found in such small amounts that ''it is not so likely that these low concentrations can explain the symptoms.''
And in January Boeing agreed to pay $15 million to settle the class-action lawsuit filed on behalf of minority workers who said they were discriminated against.
Still, she continued, a lot of big companies "have followed AT&T out here, so it isn't like there are no other opportunities."
One involves a wide-ranging complaint about the dominance of Windows, Microsoft's operating system.
Morgan Stanley Shaken Again As Others Quit
Independent loggers, under contract to International Paper and certified in sustainable forestry practices, cut the trees.
An analyst for Credit Suisse First Boston has said the ban is costing Coca-Cola Enterprises some $3.4 million in revenues a day.
For its part, Microsoft already argues that the government's breakup proposal would make it far more difficult, if not impossible, for the company to develop innovative products that result from putting together a wide range of software technologies.
Without a fifth commissioner, the Democratic commissioners would have more leverage to impose restrictions on Time Warner and Comcast, according to a cable company executive with knowledge of the process.
Xerox Misses Estimates; Pricing Pressure Is Blamed
Well, that argument doesn't sell anymore, since Airbus now sells more planes than Boeing does.
But the pain of losing almost 50 percent in share value is perhaps most excruciating to the thousands of Marsh & McLennan employees who have bought Marsh stock in the company's employee stock purchase plan or in their retirement plans.
The studio would have to pay to fly a Microsoft representative to watch all cuts of the movie, and the studio would forgo merchandising rights.
But after early growing pains, Wal-Mart now appears to be coming into its own in Brazil.
Moody's lowered Alcatel's senior long-term debt to Ba1, one notch below investment grade, and made a similar change for Alcatel's shorter-term debt.
Prudential's brokerage division reported an operating loss of $28 million in the fourth quarter, compared with a $39 million loss in the period a year earlier.
Maybe so, a government official said, but while AT&T was a monopoly, smaller companies trying to make telephone equipment ''kept running into AT&T and got nowhere if AT&T wasn't interested -- that's exactly analogous to Microsoft.''
The surprise announcement of the talks by SAP and Microsoft was intended to pre-empt a probable disclosure during the antitrust trial for the Oracle Corporation's hostile bid for PeopleSoft.
Another shareholder, Stuart Fraser of Brewin Dolphin Holdings, said he was frustrated by what he interpreted as Royal Caribbean's threat to walk away from negotiations and by P&O Princess's refusal to consider alternative proposals.
The institutional investors had argued that Molson had intended to use the options as a way to secure the merger.
A spokesman for Time Warner could not be reached.
Market Place; Honeywell Torn Between Deal and Independence
Intel's performance would have been worse had the company not managed to gain market share in all of its businesses, according to Craig R. Barrett, Intel's chief executive.
She contended that the firing was a retaliatory act, but Morgan Stanley officials countered that Ms. Schieffelin was fired for insubordination after turning hostile and disrespectful toward her supervisor, a woman who had recently received the promotion Ms. Schieffelin sought.
And Microsoft is under threat today, Mr. Eubanks said, because the center of gravity in computing is shifting rapidly beyond what he called the ''PC centric world'' ruled by Microsoft and its Windows operating system.
The AT&T Corporation's entry into computer services has provoked one of its largest customers, Electronic Data Systems, to threaten to look elsewhere rather than do business with a competitor.
Researchers at Princeton and Rice universities and Xerox Parc claimed to have defeated four of the six technologies.
Oracle also faces a $2 billion civil lawsuit that PeopleSoft filed only days after Oracle made its initial bid in 2003.
Raytheon announced just this month that it was acquiring the military businesses of Texas Instruments for $3 billion, and Boeing agreed in December to acquire the McDonnell Douglas Corporation for $14 billion as part of this frenzy of deals.
Airbus, desperate to pull out of the worst dive in its commercial history, plans to disclose details of a radically redesigned midsize plane on Monday -- a $10 billion project that will compete with Boeing's 787, executives said here over the weekend.
The union's last strike against Boeing lasted for only a day, leaving many analysts to believe that this walkout would also be short- lived.
Though quarterly reports from I.B.M., the world's largest information technology company, have always been tough for investors to assess, the report yesterday included several added challenges.
The mirrors are leftover projection-television chips from Intel's planned effort to enter the digital television market -- an effort the company recently abandoned only 10 months after a splashy introduction at the Consumer Electronics Show last January.
has disclosed no evidence that Boston Scientific hid bad news.
''The core of our strategy is to lead in technology and attack the high-performance segments of the market,'' said John Kelly, senior vice president in change of I.B.M.
Those women who did not want to accept Dow Corning's offer could go to trial.
Fraud claims were dropped against two other companies, the Prudential units of Aetna in California and Virginia, and Health Net, formerly Foundation Health Systems, in Florida.
Merck may offer settlements to plaintiffs in some Vioxx-related lawsuits; general counsel Kenneth C Frazier denies any change in company's position that it will defend every personal-injury suit filed over Vioxx, but suggests it would consider settling suits brought by people who took Vioxx for long periods of time and had few other risk factors for heart disease; nearly 5,000 Vioxx suits have already been filed, and tens of thousands more are expected; company fears that any talk of settlements would encourage lawyers to file many additional suits; Merck has not decided whether to continue using two law firms that represented it in Texas case, Fulbright & Jaworski and Williams & Connolly; several jurors in that case criticized Merck's lawyers (M)
CBS's camera could not capture Ruffian once the ambulance arrived, but Frank Wright, the network's analyst, spoke as if a relative had collapsed before his eyes.
The Princeton discovery is the second significant defect uncovered in the Microsoft software.
The problem is not the size of the General Motors advertising budget.
In 1991, after a court battle that dragged on for 15 years, Kodak agreed to pay the Polaroid Corporation $925 million to settle a patent-infringement case involving peel-apart instant films.
In the recent deals reached by the major makers of digital cellular phones to add computer features to products, neither Intel nor Microsoft has played a role.
Aetna, which had sold its property and casualty business and is looking for a buyer for its individual life insurance unit, became one of the nation's biggest health insurers with the purchase in 1996 of U.S. Healthcare for $8.2 billion.
Sometimes Wal-Mart's demands can cause unhappy ripple effects for a supplier.
Analysts agreed that it would take Procter some time to repair its damaged image on Wall Street.
The Ford Motor Company said today that its chief executive and president, Jacques A. Nasser, had declined invitations to testify next week before Congressional committees investigating tire failures, mainly on Ford Explorers.
But for Sparky Electronics, a family-owned store in California that sells hard-to-find watch batteries and record-player needles, Wal-Mart is more ally than enemy, more lifeline than threat.
Many state legislatures have looked to Maryland as a test case, as they face fast-rising Medicaid costs, and Wal-Mart's critics say that too many of its employees have been forced to turn to Medicaid.
An analyst with the Yankee Group, Roger Entner, said he suspected the real reason for Verizon's reluctance was that it wanted to avoid additional state regulation, like rules relating to consumer privacy, that could be invoked by the development of a phone directory.
(Mr. Murdoch said Mr. Levin had broken a promise to carry his 24-hour news channel, instead choosing MSNBC, the joint venture of Microsoft and General Electric's NBC.)
Is Urged to Block Oracle Bid
Unlike many Procter employees, the owner of the Montgomery Inn Boathouse, a restaurant two blocks from the headquarters, did not put a positive spin on the layoffs.
In early 2003, Time Warner sought to sell its book division to reduce its debt.
Mr. Roberts said he might use some of Microsoft's cash to pay it down.
But Microsoft's move would also be offensive in that it could help the company as the Internet business moves toward the so-called broadband model in which households are continuously connected to high-speed data lines.
Instead of a token walkout like the two-day strike by Bell Atlantic's unions two years ago, Verizon has received a mounting public relations problem.
British pop star Sting loses his attempt to claim Internet address sting.com at World Intellectual Property Organization; in separate decisions, board rules in favor of Microsoft Corp and Reuters in disputes over domain names; Sting becomes first celebrity to lose such a suit; Sting could not prove that Michael Urvan registered sting.com in bad faith; photo (S)
Lawyers for Merck & Co and plaintiffs John McDarby and Thomas Cona give closing arguments in fourth Vioxx-related personal injury trial; lawyers for Merck, as in earlier suits, insist company fully disclosed Vioxx's potential dangers to regulators and public; plaintiffs' lawyers point to documents and e-mails showing company scientists were concerned about risks long before Merck withdrew Vioxx from market; jurors in suit overseen by Superior Court Judge Carol Higbee will decide cases independently; photo (M)
Microsoft argues that Internet Explorer is a fully integrated and inseparable part of the operating system, not simply a ''bundled'' product that can be removed.
The strike has also frightened Boeing's investors.
Judge Denies Merck Request At Vioxx Trial
Nike, which had already warned  that its growth was slowing, outlined in some detail its problems yesterday.
Last year, Morningstar, a financial research company, hired Hambrecht to take it public in an auction that raised $140.8 million, but only after Morgan Stanley refused to do things Morningstar's way.
Ms. Druyun was hired by Boeing in January and fired last week by the company, along with Mr. Sears.
Interior Department, concerned about pollution of groundwater with sulfuric acid, is invoking new federal rules and requiring Newmont Mining Corp, which wants to revive its operations at Battle Mountain, Nev, gold mine, to set money aside in trust fund to pay for pollution that surfaces long into future; fund is first test of mining rules overhauled by Bush administration; is central to major environmental battle within administration; Environmental Protection Agency, which has most experience with mine cleanups but no direct authority over mining on federal lands, argued unsuccessfully that $33.5 million would be needed to protect groundwater; Interior's Bureau of Land Management required Newmont to set aside $408,000 and post $1 million bond; map; photos (M)
The Times said the documents had been provided by a Microsoft adversary associated with the computer industry who refused to be further identified.
The software war between Microsoft and Netscape escalates this week, as each company moves more aggressively onto the other's technological turf.
Motorola Inc. said yesterday that its earnings in the third quarter would be significantly below expectations, hurt by weak sales of pagers and one-time costs.
After a judge's ruling, announced last week, gave class-action status to a federal sex-discrimination lawsuit against Wal-Mart Stores, the company's management broadcast a two-part message to its one million employees over the television monitors that hang from store ceilings.
And yet Dr. LaMattina, who has worked at Pfizer for his entire professional career, starting in 1977, when he joined the company as a research scientist after a fellowship at the National Institutes of Health, is passionate about defending Pfizer from critics who say that it has repeatedly hidden the risks of its medicines, including Zoloft, an antidepressant that has been linked to suicidal thinking in teenagers.
Top military and civilian officials of Pentagon and NASA and executives of American military contractors will be on hand for Farnsborough Air Show in Britain after having snubbed Paris Air Show in 2003 because European allies failed to support Iraq war; Farnsborough show will take place against backdrop of tense and uncertain relations between US and Europeans on many fronts, including new 'buy American' sentiment in Congress and continuing battle between commercial division of Boeing and EADS, which owns 80 percent of Airbus; photo (M)
Soon after that speech, with the company's stock price in the doldrums because of its struggles with agricultural biotechnology, Monsanto itself ended its existence as an independent company.
Pfizer also reports ''adjusted diluted earnings,'' a nonstandard accounting measure that ignores many significant costs.
Paradoxically, the loss of confidence in Boeing stock comes when analysts are beginning to think the company is surmounting the production problems caused by parts shortages, regulatory delays and inexperienced workers.
American Express said it would write down its WorldCom debt of about $90 million, most of which is in the investment portfolio of American Express Financial Advisers.
Prosecutors said Morgan Stanley executives, even as they provided evidence damaging to Mr. Curry in the weeks following his arrest, did not tell the police or prosecutors about their contacts or their financial arrangements with Mr. Luethke.
Correction:  June 18, 2005, Saturday  An article in Business Day on June 7 about companies' handling of racial discrimination issues misstated the experience of a former General Electric employee who filed an equal employment complaint.
's refusal to stop competing with Microsoft.
Indeed, Motorola's bad news merely put an exclamation point on what others in its industry had been reporting.
Boeing's critics contend that top managers knew about all these problems long before October's disclosures.
Northrop Grumman Corp acquires Litton Industries for $3.8 billion in cash and assumption of $1.3 billion of Litton debt; Northrop Grumman chairman-chief executive Kent Kresa will lead combined company (M)
In a news conference in Washington yesterday, Philip M. Condit, Boeing's chairman, said that Boeing had been reluctant to give up the exclusivity clauses, although he said that Boeing expected the change to have little impact on aircraft orders.
The judge, J. Frederick Motz of Federal District Court in Baltimore, also indicated that he would order Microsoft to stop shipping a version of Java that Sun contends damages the chances of its own version because it is outdated and creates confusion among programmers about which one to use for developing software.
Analysts, however, said they were not concerned that the delay would cause any lasting problems for Apple.
Unable to get enough microchips to make everything it could have sold, the International Business Machines Corporation reported yesterday that it had squeezed out the profits Wall Street had expected for the third quarter but had fallen short of revenue projections.
To make up for the risk, AT&T is demanding cash from AOL Time Warner in addition to a stake in Time Warner Cable.
AT&T took a $1.6 billion charge against earnings to cover the cost of abandoning NCR's personal computer  business and reducing the payroll by 8,500.
The extent of problems with the air traffic computers is not certain, but experts say that the 3083 mainframe model referred to in a letter from I.B.M.
It is still possible that Morgan Stanley could face criminal charges.
Eastman Kodak Co will close some manufacturing operations, cutting as many as 2,500 jobs; Kodak is in process of eliminating 7,500 jobs at its headquarters in Rochester, NY; at least 1,300 of new cuts will also be in Rochester area, where Kodak is phasing out huge plant in nearby Elmgrove and closing film-coating operation; company says it earned $491 million in second quarter on sales of $3.61 billion; earnings were up 9 percent from year ago, while sales were up 2 percent (M)
Earlier this month, Kodak was one of several companies, including Sony, named in a suit by Magnequench International, which charges that they have violated its patents on magnetic tape technologies.
Apple said this would permit its customers to retain their existing data and programs, but it acknowledged that the old programs would not be able to take advantage of the features to be added from Next's technology war chest.
After protests by thousands of its workers, I.B.M.
Moody's said that its move was in response to Fiat's operating performance, particularly at the battered automobile division, its high debt levels, and the likelihood that Fiat, even after shedding its car business, would still not merit an investor grade rating.
A.T.& T. has steadily cut more than 100,000 jobs since its monopoly over long-distance service was broken by the Federal Government 10 years ago, and it is cutting 6,000 telephone operators and 7,500 workers at NCR, its computer subsidiary.
American International Group, one of the world's largest insurers, continues to clash with regulators, but Wall Street seems more puzzled than alarmed.
Excluding the one-time charges, the company had an extraordinarily good quarter, particularly in the international segment of the property and casualty  division," said Michael Lewis, an analyst for Dean Witter Reynolds, who expected Cigna to earn $3.04 a share on operations.
Vioxx's maker, Merck, suffered a financial blow yesterday, as the rating on its $4.9 billion in long-term debt was cut two levels, to Aa2 from Aaa, by Moody's Investors Service.
"A.T.& T. obviously has been stung by a continuing string of losses to MCI among its largest customers and is desperate to find some way to stem the flow," said Gary M. Parsons, MCI's senior vice president for corporate and public policy.
A bidding war for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. appears to have erupted, as Time Warner Inc. has emerged with an offer worth almost $5 billion, executives close to the negotiations said yesterday.
AOL Time Warner, however, has been reluctant to meet AT&T's price because it already has control of the unit.
It has a 25 percent stake in Time Warner's WB network, whose increasing popularity and revenue had helped push Tribune's stock price above $60 in November from its 1998 low of slightly below $23, though it has since fallen off that peak, closing yesterday at $51.25.
A Bank of America spokeswoman, Eloise Hale, said the analysts' estimates were wrong but declined to be more specific.
Crippling strikes at General Motors parts factories have left United Auto Workers union and GM fighting over whether auto maker is pursuing an 'America Last' strategy, but reality lies somewhere in between; UAW is accusing GM of spending billions of dollars on factories in developing countries while failing to invest in aging American factories; GM has responded by publicizing what is calls plans to invest $21 billion in US by 2001; company's financial statements and projections show that its investments in US are substantial, but that the amount invested annually will not increase in coming years and may actually decline; GM's annual investments overseas are rising; UAW president Stephen P Yokich tells delegates at convention that GM workers should prepare for a long strike; photo (M)
That afternoon, Mr. Welch sent his own letter, also distributed publicly, rejecting the Honeywell proposition.
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co reports record fourth-quarter income of $1.63 billion, 86 percent increase over year-earlier period; chief financial officer Robert Scott comments (M)
Xerox Corp, whose auditors, KPMG, refused to sign off on its annual report until they had rechecked numbers, says KPMG found some accounting discrepancies but uncovered no signs of fraud (M)
There is no room for a $500 microprocessor in a $500 PC, so the bulk of Advanced Micro and Intel's sales volume has shifted to less costly chips.
A spokeswoman for Pfizer, which acquired Warner-Lambert in 2000, said the lawsuit related to business activities that were said to have taken place before the acquisition.
Media Metrix, which measures Web traffic, announces that in March, Lycos network of 11 sites surpassed Yahoo in audience reach for first time; Yahoo disputes figures, but Bob Davis, Lycos's chief executive, says figures show there is still competition on the Web; chart (M)
The fact that our disposition of the pending Microsoft litigation could potentially affect Microsoft's exposure to antitrust liability in other litigation does not, to my mind, significantly distinguish the present situation from other cases that this court decides.''
Oracle and Microsoft Cut a Software Deal
Allstate and State Farm, which write a big share of the policies for coverage on the coasts, say that without government help their prices will have to go higher and that, to protect themselves, they will be forced to cut back coverage even more on the coasts.
Boeing had expected to deliver 538 planes this year but said in a statement last night that the figure could now come in as low as 500.
Still, even with American Express's history of marketing the ''privileges'' and ''rewards'' of its membership, some recipients clearly did not want to join.
Fear of Microsoft's market power was part of Oracle's motivation in seeking a merger.
Demand is growing for new Boeing 747-8 Intercontinental, which was introduced year ago; Boeing has 73 orders for plane after Lufthansa places $5.5 billion order for 20 747-8s and takes options to buy 20 more; demand for Boeing 747, which was first introduced in 1970, seemed to be waning as world moved to smaller, more fuel-efficient planes; reversal of fortune comes as Airbus's A380 has stumbled, falling two years behind its delivery schedule amid persistent problems and management shakeup at company; 747-8 is designed to carry up to 467 passengers, while A380 can carry up to 555; new 747 is inexpensive way for Boeing to capture some passenger orders, lot of cargo orders and make fair amount of money because of Airbus's problems; photos (L)
In a move that increased tension over the Ford Motor Company's plan to build a $1.3 billion car factory in Brazil's poor northeast, far from the industrial south where most of this country's auto industry is concentrated, 1,500 workers at the company's truck plant here went on strike today, fearing that their jobs are threatened.
Xerox may be forced to sell its half- share of Fuji Xerox, its Japanese printer and copier arm, to Fuji, some analysts suggest.
Verizon already charges more for basic service in New York than its smaller competitors, according to a study released this month by the Telecommunications Research and Action Center, a nonprofit consumer advocacy group in Washington.
Costco.com and Kohls.com have no specific deadline (except at Costco.com, computers must be returned within six months of the purchase date).
Some worried that General Electric was abandoning decades of building its corporate brand image, a foolhardy endeavor at a time consumers are bombarded with more advertising than ever.
The review by Bank of America to determine whether it would remain with Interpublic began quietly a couple of months ago and was limited to Interpublic, Omnicom and WPP.
''My departure before the term of my contract represents CBS's final acknowledgment,'' he said, ''after a protracted struggle, that they had not lived up to their obligation to allow me to do substantive work there.''
The gloomy report was not as embarrassing for Mr. Dorman as it might have seemed because AT&T's problems largely stem from larger industrywide forces.
General Motors vice chairman Robert A Lutz disputes critics who say turnaround effort at struggling automaker is not working; hints that GM will ask for significant concessions in next year's negotiations with United Automobile Workers union; offers optimistic view of company for near future despite industry's problems; is known for being outspoken about GM's position and its critics; photo (M)
Ford Motor has what will probably be a painful turnaround plan in the works.
The appeals court had found that the Netscape browser and Java were only potential threats to the operating system, Mr. Lacovara argued, and since it was impossible to measure how much damage Microsoft had done to competition, there was no rationale for a broad remedy.
Since taking office in January, Mr. Dann has sharply criticized the UnitedHealth Group over its ousted former chief executive, William W. McGuire, who is accused of backdating more than $2.3 billion in stock options, and he has revived an investigation of Marsh & McLennan, looking at whether the company violated the state's antitrust laws.
In startling defiance of the company's creditors, its own management and the South Korean government, the board of Hynix Semiconductor voted unanimously today to reject a takeover of most of its assets by Micron Technology, saying the price was too low.
While J. P. Morgan Chase rushed to detail its potential losses, Citigroup has repeatedly rebuffed inquiries.
The acquisition represents a major gamble by Interpublic executives that a takeover of this size, one of the largest ever in advertising, makes sense strategically at a time when the slowdown of the American economy threatens to abruptly end the long-running boom on Madison Avenue.
is choosing to alter its stock-option program for executives instead of moving away from options, like General Electric, or abandoning them, as Microsoft has done.
CitiFinancial, consumer finance subsidiary of Citigroup, says box of computer tapes containing information on 3.9 million customers was lost on May 2 by United Parcel Service, while in transit to credit reporting agency Experian in Allen, Tex from Weehawken, NJ; Citigroup says tapes have not been seen since; says there is no indication that tape were stolen or that any data on them has been compromised; photo (M)
''This is a building and significant problem for Microsoft.''
Mr. Donaldson said that Coca-Cola strongly disagreed with Mr. Meyer's contention that Coca-Cola exerted control over Enterprises' board.
In recent years, Airbus has clawed its way to roughly half the world market for commercial jetliners, often evoking a mixture of aggression and disdain from Boeing.
Today, however, Wal-Mart is no longer treated as an invader.
A newly formed coalition called Don't Count Us Out appeared in the spring of 2004, attacking Nielsen in print and television ads, at news conferences and demonstrations, and in phone calls and e-mail messages.
In his harshest criticism of state health care mandates so far, he said a Maryland law aimed at the company was ''ridiculous'' and that it would not change Wal-Mart's plan to open up to 370 stores this year in the United States.
But the union indicated that its most serious issues were with Ford Motor and DaimlerChrysler, not G.M.
While General Electric has a long record of stability at the top and has had only eight chief executives since it was incorporated in 1892, corporate boards have been a lot more willing lately to move rapidly to replace struggling leaders.
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co reports 5 percent dorp in net income for its third fiscal quarter, but it beats analysts' expectations; firm earned $645 million; cites losses of more than $200 million in developing country fund that it manages; chart (M)
''I.B.M., a weak No.
Federal court jury orders Vonage Holdings Corp to pay $58 million for infringing Verizon's patents, dealing blow to company already showing signs of stress; rules Vonage violated three Verizon patents covering some of technology that allows low-cost voice calls to be made over Internet; amount of $58 million is substantially less than $197 million that Verizon requested, and is even less than what Vonage suggested would be fair if it was found liable; Vonage to appeal (M)
Senior Microsoft officer tries to prove in his testimony that Government has little understanding of relationship between Microsoft's operating system and its Internet browser software; David Cole, Microsoft vice president who oversaw development of Windows 95 and Internet Explorer software, says Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson's order to stop forcing computer makers to install Microsoft's Internet Exploreer along with its Windows 95 software was broadly and inartistically worded, and left company no choice but to suggest to computer makers that they consider deleting computer files that are essential to both Windows 95 and Internet Explorer, even though deleting those files would wreck software necessary to operate computer; Judge Jackson is considering whether to hold company in contempt and fine it $1 million a day for failing to comply with his order; Microsoft's appeal of order will be heard by Federal appeals court judges Laurence H Silberman, Stephen F Williams and A Raymond Randolph (M)
Cisco Systems Inc., the world's No.
Stephen A. Mandell Sr., president of the chapter, recalls making an offhand remark about quality problems at one of Corning's Steuben glass plants.
At Northrop Grumman, which produces aircraft carriers and a new generation of destroyers, profits in the shipbuilding division nearly doubled, to $186 million, in the first half of 2004 from $98 million in the first half of 2003.
Mr. Maffei's predecessor, Harry You, resigned in March after less than a year as Oracle's chief financial officer to become chief executive of BearingPoint, a computer consulting company.
''I've been too lazy to join Netflix, but I am about to sign up,'' he said, referring to the online video-rental service.
In its statement, Tyson Foods said that Mr. Tyson had originally offered to pay $200,000 to the S.E.C.
A groundswell of dissatisfaction has formed among the African-Americans who settled a discrimination lawsuit against the Coca-Cola Company, threatening to destabilize or even derail the nation's largest settlement ever in a racial bias case.
One was that Johnson & Johnson stopped using human serum albumin, a blood protein, as a stabilizer in vials of the drug because European regulators were concerned about the risk of mad cow disease.
"This is a step beyond outsourcing," said Jerre L. Stead, chief executive of AT&T Global Information Solutions, stressing that the venture would combine the expertise of a major user and the supplier of the technology.
Walkout by 86,000 workers of Verizon, nation's largest telecommunications employer, develops into one of largest and most unruly strikes in years, raising questiuons about company's preparation for contrct talks and its handling of walkout; management was distracted for first six months of year by completion of merger of Bell Atlantic and GTE, which created Verizon; was eager to embark on huge advertising and promotional campaign to establish new brands; photo (M)
charged Morgan Stanley's brokerage unit with misleading investors about the risks of some bond funds it sold.
Since the settlement was reached, some members of the group have complained that Cyrus Mehri, their lawyer, has failed to offer a rationale for the more controversial elements of the historic Coke settlement.
A claim added almost as an afterthought in a civil lawsuit filed last fall in Birmingham, Ala., paved the way for a broad antitrust suit that the Federal Trade Commission plans to file soon against the Intel Corporation.
Correction:  May 14, 2004, Friday  Because of an editing error, an obituary on April 20 about James R. Cantalupo, chairman and chief executive of McDonald's, misstated his role in the company's Hong Kong expansion.
American Express said that fares were depressed because of continuing competitive rate cuts on many routes, as well as aggressive corporate negotiating on fares.
Executive Fearful of Microsoft in Interactive TV Software
''This is just the latest negative attack from Washington union leaders,'' said Sarah Clark, a Wal-Mart spokeswoman.
Mr. Nasser managed to anger almost every core relationship Ford Motor has.
Dr. Furberg recently co-authored a study concluding that Bextra may increase the risk of heart attacks, as Vioxx has been found to do, and he was quoted in The New York Times saying that Pfizer was trying to ''suppress'' this information.
The Justice Department said it would use as its starting point the temporary package of conduct remedies in the final judgment of Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson, who was removed from the case by the appeals court for his negative comments about Microsoft to reporters.
The Royal Society, a 1,400-member organization that dates back to the 1600's and has counted Isaac Newton and Albert Einstein as members, asked Exxon Mobil in a letter this month to stop financing these groups and to change its public reports to reflect more accurately the opinions of scientists on the issue.
John Siegenthaler, founder of the First Amendment Center at Vanderbilt University, said, ''Wal-Mart is doing what most corporations do: when they feel pain, they try to salve the wound.''
BMW and Microsoft invest several million dollars to exhibit eight independent movies in 25 cities using experimental digital format; independent filmmakers say technology will open new venues for their work; major studios remain at odds with theater owners over who should pay for installation of digital equipment (M)
Microsoft announces that people who use its operating system software must patch their computers, or their PC's will be vulnerable to attacks that could cede control to hackers; calls software flaw 'critical' vulnerability, its highest rating; flaw affects fundamental building block of network operating systems known as Abstract Syntax Notation One, and helps govern how machines communicate with one another and how they establish secure communications (M)
Apple Computer Inc will disclose details of its restructuring plan intended to cut costs by 25 percent; plan is expected to include substantial layoffs (M)
Attempts to reach a News Corporation spokesman yesterday were unsuccessful.
''There was agreement that this technology has a lot of promise,'' said Rob Clark, a spokesman for Medtronic.
This week's turmoil in the technology sector caused some investors to wonder whether Motorola would postpone the deal.
In a memorandum circulated within Citigroup, Sanford I. Weill said the bank would no longer provide financing for companies that plan to conceal debts by keeping them off their balance sheets.
concluded that Morgan Stanley was violating the terms of the settlement, it could go to court to seek to hold the firm in contempt.
Citigroup refused this week to answer repeated questions about its choice of timing, except to say that it had intended to hedge its existing and potential future exposure to Enron.
But until Xerox finds a way to pay off or refinance its bank debt, it will be difficult to assess the company's prospects, securities analysts and traders said.
A Federal Aviation Administration emergency order issued last week, affecting fuel storage in Boeing 747's, will not force operators of these planes to change their flight patterns, despite initial reports to the contrary.
Besides being unhappy that ''top management lacks experience in the personal computer business'' and being dissatisfied ''with the high salaries paid to management in light of poor financial performance and mounting layoffs,'' Calpers contends that the company's directors own too little stock in Apple.
THE troubled drug maker Merck is introducing this week what it describes as the first campaign in its 114-year history to help burnish the reputation of its corporate brand rather than sell its products.
During the conference call, Motorola said that while it expected an upturn in the industry next year, it did not expect growth to reach 10 percent, a level necessary to soak up excess capacity and force prices to rise.
Less than 1 percent of Xerox's bank debt has changed hands, according to traders.
New radio tagging technology Wal-Mart had demanded that its top suppliers adopt by start of 2005 is not yet ready to meet needs of either Wal-Mart or its suppliers; most suppliers have yet to figure out inexpensive ways to automate printing and application of tags, which broadcast snippet of code identifying goods to which they are attached in response to query signals from scanning devices called readers; read rates are improving, but no one who uses technology has systems that can reliably read data 100 percent of time; Wal-Mart says rate is about 60 percent in its stores; data currently is not integrated well enough with other technology to initiate changes in manufacturing or shipping schedules that could offer enough savings to justify investment; analysts say suppliers are cooperating with Wal-Mart, while, as much as possible, delaying investment; photos (M)
Letter from Charles Slater on March 8 article about difficulty of purchasing computers online, particularly from IBM
All the same, the firm is financially able to sustain damages of $2.4 billion: Morgan Stanley earned $4.5 billion last year and has put aside $360 million for the case.
The News Corporation may also be frustrated that it has not yet lined up a major partner to help shoulder the load of a Telepi acquisition.
Jim Kelly, the managing editor of Time Inc., said, ''Journalists around the world are harassed, jailed and sometimes killed for trying to report the news, and it is their legacies that the Newseum honors.''
As part of its struggle to sort out the mess made by the merger -- which has already included $3 billion to settle investigations by regulators and claims by investors -- Time Warner had previously restated AOL revenue totaling $679 million.
Mr. Mills also starred in a mock newscast that was broadcast to all 210,000 employees in advance of a recent videotaped speech by Arthur Blank, chief executive of Home Depot.
''If Sony and Microsoft continue to outspec themselves, they will kill each other and take the industry with them,'' said Charles Bellfield, communications director for Sega of America Dreamcast.
Making things even more difficult for Intergraph was the fact that its work stations were now based on Intel products that were no longer  interchangeable with other companies' chips.
Earlier this month, Mattel reported a $17.9 million loss, or 7 cents a share, for the first quarter of 1999 and said revenue fell 2 percent, to $692.1 million.
Morgan Stanley is shaken by another round of defections as eight senior traders leave firm for Deutsche Bank, adding to stream of executive departures in recent weeks; eight stock traders, three of whom were managing directors, represent next generation of young, elite Morgan Stanley talent that embattled chief executive Philip J Purcell and his team have been trying to cultivate; among those leaving are Robert Karofsky and Thomas M Juterbock (M)
The deal will increase pressure on Cisco, which had all but proclaimed itself the Microsoft of networking, because the one product area Cisco lacks the No.
''It's tough to find any other part of the economy showing double-digit unit growth,'' he added, ''so I think money should come out of the Coca-Colas and Gillettes and into the Motorolas and Intels.''
Wal-Mart's chief executive H Lee Scott Jr takes offensive against critics who have sought to block stores in New York, Los Angeles and Chicago, insisting that company is good for consumers and good for its 1.3 million American employees; says Wal-Mart offers good, stable jobs, noting that when it opens store, more than 3,000 people often apply for 300 jobs; critics complain that Wal-Mart's average wage of $9.68 an hour is too low to support a family and that only half of its workers receive health insurance from company (M)
Its rivals there include Sun Microsystems, Novell and the Linux operating system, but none has a market share anywhere approaching Microsoft's.
''We have no reason as of yet to have a joint meeting with Boeing,'' Mr. Bofferding said.
Though still the world leader in segments that include microcontrollers for the automotive industry -- and though it continues to invest heavily in research on chip technology -- Motorola has fallen out of the ranks of the top 10 chip manufacturers.
Kodak Accuses Sony of Patent Violations on Digital Imaging
The plunge followed complaints by Wall Street analysts that Aetna, the nation's largest health insurer, failed at a meeting with investors Monday to explain how the deal would deliver the immediate increases in profits that Aetna had projected.
Lower Bid For Music Unit Could Tempt Time Warner
In the lawsuit filed in state court in Pontiac, a Detroit suburb, Dow accused General Electric of hiring 14 engineers and sales executives from Dow's plastics division over the last two years and putting them to work at similar tasks.
Still, some analysts complained, Coke managed to hit its growth targets only by relying on a carefully timed acquisition and some unexpected sources of income -- not by selling considerably more beverages, as Wall Street is demanding.
And quite a few suggested that Xerox will have to cut back on its investments in inkjet printer technology, even though the company has often pointed to printer sales as a major part of its future revenue.
Another new focus in the European Union's enlarged antitrust inquiry is whether Microsoft sought to extend its dominance from the PC to the server market through the operation of an abusive licensing policy for Windows 2000, the commission said.
It is also possible that the protests could prompt the Air Force to terminate the Boeing contract and rebid it, even though this would be difficult for a contract that is already three years old.
Mr. Breen, the former chairman and chief executive of General Instrument who joined Motorola in January 2000 when the companies merged, has been one of the most highly sought-after executives to run troubled companies.
Intel says slower sales of desktop computers and weaker prices led it to miss fourth-quarter revenue target; revenue rose 6 percent in fourth quarter, to $10.2 billion; net profit was $2.45 billion, up 16 percent (M)
International Business Machines Corp is embarked on five-year, $100 million program to build the world's most powerful supercomputer, named Blue Gene, whose mission will be to simulate the folding of proteins, an enourmous task that could yield new understanding of Alzheimer's or mad cow disease and aid in drug design; machine will have a 'processor in memory,' or PIM, design, meaning that memory will be on the same chip as the processor; IBM says computer will be 'self-healing,' capable or running when processors fail; drawing (M)
Mr. Rosen led a team from Microsoft that met with Netscape executives on June 21, 1995, when the Government contends that Microsoft threatened Netscape and made an illegal offer to divide the Internet browser market between them.
''There was no watchdog at Xerox.
A Corning spokesman, Paul Rogoski, said there might be more job cuts, ''but nothing's on the boards right now.''
Intel declined to make Mr. Grove available for an interview, saying that he cannot comment while the company is in litigation.
Now that Merck has removed its arthritis painkiller Vioxx from the market after tests found that it increased the risk of heart attacks and strokes, its rival Pfizer is taking a surprising stance.
Motorola Inc warns Wall Street that disappointing sales of semiconductors, cellular phones and paging products are taking much bigger toll on its earnings than analysts had been projecting for third quarter; Motorola says earnings for quarter ending Sept 28 could be down 'significantly,' word company has used in past only to refer to changes of 25 percent or more (M)
The plaintiffs are also likely to seek additional damages equal to double the compensatory overtime, arguing that I.B.M.
Since then, both a federal district court and a federal appeals court have concluded that Microsoft repeatedly violated Section 2 of the Sherman Antitrust Act.
But the government's brief said that Microsoft's proposal ''does not address some of the most important violations found by the court,'' including a declaration that the company had illegally linked its Web browser to the Windows operating system.
Last spring, Intel discovered that its push to increase the clock speed of its chips was leading to problems with overheating.
But David Westin, the president of ABC News, said it was important for his journalists to maintain their neutrality in times of war.
But as Sears Holdings and Ford Motor are finding, attempts to streamline increasingly global operations by taking Canadian subsidiaries private can prompt protracted legal and financial battles.
The committee would also have been charged with resolving disputes between the news staff and the News Corporation.
''Medical testing was done on people without informed consent,'' said Elaine Kusel, a lawyer who has sued Pfizer, so far unsuccessfully, over the Nigerian testing.
Federal Communications Commission blocks merger of satellite television broadcasters EchoStar Communications and DirecTV unit of General Motors' Hughes Electronics, first time in 36 years that agency has challenged large corporate deal for being anticompetitive and against public interest; companies' executives say they remain committed to deal and will soon propose substantial revisions to satisfy regulators; Rupert Murdoch's News Corp, which lost to EchoStar last year in bidding war for Hughes Electronics and DirecTV, is expected to make another bid for DirecTV if EchoStar deal eventually collapses; photo (M)
also said that KPMG violated its duty to advise Xerox when it discovered illegal acts in its audits.
Maurice R. Greenberg, the former chairman and chief executive of the insurance giant American International Group, resigned from the company's board yesterday.
But under Mr. Amelio, Apple had failed to post improved financial results to the increasing distress of shareholders.
The decision was the company's alone, and there was no pressure from the F.D.A., which said it was surprised by Merck's move but agreed with it.
Bob Herbert Op-Ed column says IBM has sent holiday chill through its American employees with its plans to ship thousands of high-paying white-collar jobs overseas to lower-paid foreign workers; says employees do not know who will be affected, or when, and their anxiety level is high; says well-educated workers at IBM are in danger of following well-trodden path of their factory brethren to lower-wage work, or unemployment line; says employees at IBM, and millions of other white-collar workers, have little protection against powerful forces of global economy (M)
''But it wasn't a legitimate news story, in that Wendi had no role in the company at that time.
Interpublic said that when the delayed data are reported, it expects to receive ''an unqualified opinion'' on the statements in the 2004 annual report.
Analysts also worry that shoppers and buyers will simply turn to search engines to find each other, and not closed services like eBay's auction marketplace.
The third violation the Labor Department found happened in 1999, when Halliburton converted to a new payroll system, which erroneously deleted the payroll deductions of a number of employees who had been paying back loans they had taken from their retirement plan.
But within the last year, Target and Wal-Mart -- along with Kohl's, a hybrid department store and discounter, which has been hit particularly hard by a failure to keep its stores up to date -- made needed changes, analysts said.
The Dec. 8 memo, which also concluded that other rivals might have looser accounting standards than Shell, said that Exxon Mobil ''appears to rigidly enforce'' some reserve accounting rules and that its accounting was accompanied by an ''extensive, well-staffed annual global audit effort.''
''Microsoft saw that a lot of companies were going to move to Java if they didn't improve their programming systems,'' Mr. de Icaza said.
A second meeting will be convened within a week to discuss corrective measures to impose on Microsoft.
In defending itself against the lawsuit by the Justice Department to block the deal, Oracle called numerous witnesses to testify that it faces many competitors in the business software market and that the merger would not affect product prices.
''It was a stupidity sweepstakes,'' said Richard Lewis, a worldwide managing director at TBWA Worldwide in New York, part of the Omnicom Group.
On Tuesday, William H. Gates, the chairman of Microsoft, went even further than other company executives have in defending Microsoft's conduct, which Judge Jackson called ''predatory'' and illegal in his ruling early this month.
Campbell's executives maintained they were making progress, but analysts were skeptical.
About a decade ago, Coca-Cola sponsored a promotion with prizes inside cans that proved problematic when consumers complained that some mechanisms by which the prizes ''popped up'' broke off and fell into the cans.
Citigroup may be only a minority partner, but it already has sustained some collateral damage from the clash between its partners: Telecom Italia has decided to stop doing business with Citigroup in Brazil.
Detection of virulent, chicken-killing virus in few fighting cocks across Texas in El Paso has prompted governments from European Union, Mexico, Russia, Japan and Cuba to embargo imports of Texas poultry; no trace of virus, exotic Newcastle disease, has been found in East Texas, state's main poultry producing area; Nacogdoches, important base of operations for large food companies like Tyson Foods and Pilgrim's Pride, is closer to St Louis than El Paso; state's poultry industry stands to lose about $100 million as result of embargoes; David Alders, who grows chickens for Pilgrim's Pride, says paranoia level has risen since poultry industry in Nacogdoches is paying for isolated incident many hundreds of miles away; consolidation in poultry industry contributed to rising prosperity for many chicken growers, but resulting efficiencies have fueled concern that industry is more vulnerable to diseases like exotic Newcastle and avian influenza that can spread rapidly in regions producing millions of birds each month; poultry producers in other states, especially California, have also been affected by concern over possible spread of exotic Newcastle, which was detected in October in Los Angeles; US Agriculture Department has destroyed more than 3.5 million birds in California in effort to prevent spread of disease; isolated cases have been detected in Nevada, Arizona and El Paso, after owner returned from cockfight in southern New Mexico and infected his game birds; chickens from California, Nevada and Arizona have fallen victim to embargoes; map; photos (M)
But even at this price, Priceline stock is no bargain, said Michael Legg, an analyst at Jefferies & Company who rates Priceline a hold.
In Europe, Microsoft Faces A New Antitrust Complaint
M. Douglas Ivester, Coca-Cola's chairman and chief executive, said in a statement that ''the worst is behind us'' and predicted improvement in the second half of the year and next year.
In Brazil, Wal-Mart opened only 25 stores in its first decade there and struggled to compete against bigger local rivals.
Apple Inc., the maker of the iPod, and Apple Corps, the guardian of the Beatles' music interests, announced yesterday that they had settled their dispute over the technology company's name and its use of an apple logo.
For its part, Microsoft has responded to criticism Passport has received from privacy groups and corporations.
Weakened by a long slump in new orders, two large companies that manufacture satellites, Loral Space and Communications and Boeing, released bitter financial news yesterday.
Motorola executives said they had wanted an unfettered license, and that they were willing to pay higher royalties in return for it.
Penalty phase of Microsoft Corp antitrust case begins in federal court, Washington, with nine states that have broken away from settlement between Microsoft and government telling Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly that unless court imposes strong punishments on company, it will continue using its monopoly on personal computer operating system to crush rivals in technoogies like media players and Linux operating system; Microsoft's lawyer Dan K Webb says penalties proposed by nine states would 'essentially destroy Microsoft' and that company will be forced to stop selling its Windows operating system, which sits on 90 percent of world's personal computers (M)
In fairness, Verizon's inability to meet its previous financial targets is not really a result of bad execution in actually running its business.
''General Motors has forgotten who drives its cars,'' he added.
The Securities and Exchange Commission filed a civil fraud complaint yesterday against KPMG, one of the four remaining large accounting firms, claiming that it knew for years that Xerox was improperly inflating its profits and helped it do so.
Those companies might be uncomfortable dealing with Amgen, a rival.
Spokesmen for Express Scripts, Caremark and CVS could not be reached for comment.
Three former General Re executives and one former executive of American International Group have been charged with fraud and conspiracy, federal prosecutors and regulators announced yesterday, possibly ratcheting up the pressure on other senior executives.
He has also been worried that Time Warner could cement America Online's position as the world's leading provider of online services by channeling its artists and albums onto AOL rather than to rival services and Web sites.
The announcement of the audit comes at a time of heightened scrutiny of one Boeing plane, the 767, after the crash on Oct. 31 of EgyptAir 990, with the deaths of all 217 people on board.
Sanford I. Weill told Citigroup employees yesterday that he now planned to stay on as chairman until his scheduled retirement next April, ending an internal debate that spilled outside the bank over his plans to leave and start a private equity fund.
Moody's Investors Service sharply downgrades $17.5 million in bonds issued to build Warren County Landfill and places Passaic County's solid waste bonds on a 'watch,' move that often precedes lowered rating (New Jersey Daialy Briefing) (S)
General Motors said that its chairman, John F. Smith Jr., would attend a signing ceremony today along with Jung Keun Yong, governor of the government-owned Korea Development Bank, the lead creditor for Daewoo Motor, and Lee Jong Dae, the Daewoo Motor chairmen.
''When a company has as strong a brand and consumer franchise as Apple, it is very hard to destroy it,'' said Richard Shaffer, a principal of Technologic Partners, a technology research firm in New York.
Microsoft dismisses that notion as fanciful, and argued that Mr. Richards's testimony -- which described Microsoft's efforts to undermine the RealPlayer by withholding information -- had no place in the remedy trial.
The discussions at Citigroup are continuing, and bankers and executives say that no final decision has been reached.
Oracle's results came less than a day after it won a bidding war with SAP of Germany, its larger rival, to acquire Retek Inc. for $341 million.
Sun contends that the version of its Java programming language that Microsoft has incorporated into its Web browser is a nonstandard version of Java -- an alteration of Java software that violates Microsoft's Java licensing agreement.
Without a doubt, the fates of Coca-Cola and its big bottler are inextricably linked.
''And it's not clear whether customers will want to buy apparel from Amazon, so no major brand wants to be the test-tube subject.''
The departures of the 17 employees and of Mr. Burns led to widespread speculation that part or all of the General Mills account would leave with them.
Compared with Colgate-Palmolive and Procter & Gamble, Kimberly-Clark's trading multiple is fairly low, at 9.7 times operating cash flow.
Apple executives say the Emate represents not only a new approach for schools, but a new business strategy for Apple as it tries desperately to hold on to one of its core markets at a time when its overall market share is slipping and its financial future is still uncertain.
Another e-mailer, identified as a shareholder and a former executive of a competing bank, complained about the long lines at Bank of America branches.
The result yesterday was that Amazon.com accepted a cease-and-desist order from the S.E.C., ordering it not to help anyone else violate securities laws.
In New York, Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani attacked Time Warner as a predatory monopoly.
He has complained on the air of scolding by CBS executives, and he said that he was ill prepared to take on the mantle of a major morning talk show.
FMC CORP., Chicago, signed a letter of intent with ASB to acquire its Frigoscandia Equipment Holding unit, a Swedish maker of industrial freezers, which has annual sales of $235 million.
Its issue with the company is that because Boston Scientific has so frequently failed to follow proper complaint analysis and reporting procedures, it cannot be confident that its top executives as well as the F.D.A.
Merck had contested all previous reports that Vioxx was dangerous, contending they were based on faulty or inconclusive research.
Comcast's governance practices have not been immune from criticism either.
The Union Pacific Railroad told Federal regulators today that service had improved in the last week, suggesting that the worst of the traffic jams that may have cost customers hundreds of millions of dollars are behind it.
That move will put additional pressure on Johnson & Johnson to consider making a counter-offer.
If true -- and Target has denied the accusation in court -- it was a public relations blunder, and it may have been illegal as well.
In the forthcoming Boeing 787, two critical systems -- one to avert collisions in flight and another to land in zero visibility -- will be built to a substantial degree by HCL Technologies, an outsourcing firm that has its headquarters outside New Delhi.
Can Xerox, which has repeatedly disappointed investors and customers with promises to turn itself around, pick itself up?
Here at Procter & Gamble's sprawling headquarters, officials said that for all its promise, the Internet held nothing compelling enough to justify destroying relations with retailers or overhauling a colossal distribution system.
As the world's largest supplier of personal computer software, Microsoft has increasingly been criticized in recent years over the design and security of its products.
Procter & Gamble officials disputed the sales figures for Simply Smooth, saying they were ''a couple of x-times that number,'' but declined to provide specifics.
In the current generation of consoles, the Nintendo GameCube lags the Microsoft Xbox and the Sony PlayStation 2, with about 15 percent market share.
But after hours, the shares fell $1.13, or 4.3 percent, to $25.28, suggesting that some investors were disappointed Cisco executives did not express greater optimism about the recovery in technology sales.
The News Corporation said yesterday that it lost money last quarter amid a slump in advertising at its Fox television unit.
He had been a vocal critic of Vioxx, a Merck drug, which was withdrawn from the market.
A RealNetworks executive accused Microsoft today of withholding information that would have allowed RealNetworks' video and audio software to work as well with Microsoft's operating system as rival software made by Microsoft does.
Federal and state investigators are looking into whether large medical-products companies are bundling products for sale to hospitals in ways that may violate antitrust laws; Connecticut Atty Gen Richard Blumenthal says his office has expanded its inquiry beyond business practices of privately held companies that negotiate contracts for hospital supplies to include some large suppliers; Blumenthal's office subpoenas Johnson & Johnson for information on way it markets sutures and unrelated group of surgical instruments known as endomechandical devices; Blumenthal says several other large companies are being examined, but declines to name them; witnesses at Congressional hearing refer to Johnson & Johnson's practice of requiring negotiating companies to deal with its sutures and endomechanical devices as single package; no one at hearing names Johnson & Johnson directly, but company does not deny existence of such contracts; says contracts are not anticompetitive; General Accounting Office releases study showing that Premier and Novation rely on bundling 'for a notable portion of their business,' as much as 40 percent of sales volume (M)
Under certain circumstances, if Adelphia misses the July 31 deadline, it would have to pay a $440 million penalty, or breakup fee, to Time Warner and Comcast.
Morgan Stanley, a big, diversified securities firm, said its quarterly earnings had fallen 14 percent, reflecting the continuing weakness in stock trading and merger activity.
Citigroup said yesterday that Salomon Smith Barney, its investment bank, would report a net loss of about $325 million for the third quarter.
Halliburton said it had a loss of $2 million, or a penny a share, for asbestos-related expenses in the quarter.
Shareholders of Time Warner Inc and Turner Broadcasting System Inc approve $7 billion merger of the two companies; Time Warner chairman Gerald M Levin faces difficult problem of cutting its debt of $17 billion (M)
During years that John F Welch Jr ran General Electric, earnings soared and its stock price rose even more; article explains how and why Welch's successor, Jeffrey R Immelt, will find it extremely difficult to match his predecessor's record of unprecedented achievements; graph (M)
''It proves Oracle continues to be serious with its illegal takeover,'' Mr. Blumenthal said in an interview Wednesday.
Analysis of signs that industry-dominant alliance between Microsoft Windows personal computer operating system and Intel Corp computer chip may be unraveling; changes in computer technology and explosive growth of new consumer electronics products may be driving deeper wedge between companies than recently disclosed frustration of Intel executives about pressure from Microsoft chairman, Bill Gates (M)
That situation was doubly frustrating for Mr. Hill at Microsoft, who abandoned the ink-on-paper world of journalism for digital imaging 14 years ago.
Beating Rivals, Microsoft's Xbox 360 Is Expected Nov. 22
It came minutes before a lawyer for the agency would have switched on a projector and laid out the statistical evidence against the firm, and it averted the possibility that a jury could find Morgan Stanley, one of the most prestigious firms on Wall Street, guilty of sex discrimination.
Advertising industry speculates on reaction of Deutsch advertising agency founder Donny Deutsch to pressure from parent Interpublic Group of Cos to give up top roles at Deutsch to assume larger role at Interpublic, perhaps trying to revive one or more of its struggling agencies; photos (M)
Many union officials have complained that the United Food and Commercial Workers, the union with jurisdiction to unionize Wal-Mart, has done too little to try to organize the retailer and has been highly unsuccessful in those efforts.
The restatement involved a write-off of $56 million after taxes for a disputed insurance claim that the Securities and Exchange Commission said Aon should have taken in the last quarter of 2001 rather than in the first quarter of 2002.
The argument concerned statements by an Air Force procurement official who was sentenced Friday after admitting she had favored Boeing in contracts while seeking jobs there for herself and her family.
In Belgium, where the Government was brought down June 13 in a scandal over contamination of animal-feed grains by cancer-causing dioxin, the authorities maintained a nine-day-old ban on Coca-Cola, Fanta and Sprite.
The company also had sizable losses from such new activities as the Fox News cable channel, satellite operations in Latin America and various Internet ventures.
But Mr. Bartlett conceded that Verizon did not compete as well outside its home turf in the Northeast.
Goldman Sachs could work for Nasdaq, but it has been in the penalty box for representing both the N.Y.S.E.
Mr. Woodworth participates in the conference calls, every four hours since the attacks, involving the managers in charge of I.B.M.
Xerox, which has been sharply cutting jobs and selling assets in a feverish effort to offset sluggish sales, said yesterday that it had earned $19 million, or a penny a share, in the fourth quarter of 2002.
Officials for two of the nation's largest financial institutions, Citigroup and J. P. Morgan Chase, told Senators today that they did not improperly help Enron disguise portions of the enormous debt that contributed to the company's collapse last fall.
''There's really a lack of clarity of whether it was all Firestone's fault or whether it was really a little of Ford's fault and a little of Firestone's fault,'' said Clive Chajet, an advertising consultant in New York.
AT&T will still offer ''900'' lines, but the service providers ''will have to collect the charges in other ways,'' Ms. Hurt said.
But deadline loomed, and because the editors of the biweekly Fortune sign off on Friday night and the magazine starts rolling off the presses on Saturday morning, Mrs. Loomis filed a piece that predicted that Mr. Dimon, the president of Citigroup, would ascend to the position of director of Citigroup's Global Capital division.
The TV effort became yet another in a series of embarrassing stumbles for Intel.
Alone among the major agencies, Moody's rates Japan's debts in yen and in foreign currency differently.
After nearly a week of verbal jousting, the board of PeopleSoft officially rejected the Oracle Corporation's $5.1 billion hostile takeover bid yesterday.
Boeing's stunning disclosure on Tuesday that it would scale back production of most of its airplanes and cut its work force by an additional 20,000 jobs over the next two years on top of 28,000 previously announced cuts is the latest in a string of high-profile embarrassments since it completed the merger in August 1997.
The move reflects a change in Intel's strategy in developing new chips after a series of product delays and technical problems earlier in the year.
The Boeing agreement seemed jeopardized last week by the charges of illegal campaign finances now dominating Washington, as Mr. Gore's aides worried about associating the Vice President with anything that smacked of deal-making with the Chinese during his four-day visit here.
Mr. Otellini, who took over as Intel's chief executive in May, said it would be ''simplistic'' if the revamping was limited to a reduction of Intel's work force.
and Boeing said they agreed with another board recommendation, for intensive additional study of the rudder mechanism, which the board also blamed for the crash of United Airlines Flight 585 as it tried to land at Colorado Springs in March 1991.
Mr. Vos said Neil Aspinall, managing director of Apple Corps, had rejected an offer from Mr. Jobs in 2003 proposing to buy the rights to the Apple Records name for $1 million.
The criticism intensified after it emerged that Boeing's chief financial officer, Michael M. Sears, had been talking to a Pentagon official, Darleen Druyun, about a job for her at Boeing at the same time that she was representing the Pentagon in financial negotiations over the tanker.
Facing their worst financial outlook in years, executives at General Motors said yesterday that they wanted union workers to accept the same health benefit cuts already taken by white-collar workers.
Although smaller than Hughes, Chem-Dry may prove to be a more difficult cog to fit into Home Depot's fast-spinning wheel.
Preserving the A350 name is a reminder that this is not a wholly new plane, but a redesign of the earlier A350, which had disappointed airlines and seemed likely to be an also-ran to Boeing's 787.
Garrett Green, a customer support representative at a local technology company, said he had chosen AT&T for local service when he recently moved into an apartment -- but that was only after Frontier balked at signing him up because the previous tenant had failed to pay his phone bills on time.
Correction of Aug 6 article on Congressional lobbying effort by Accenture consulting firm to distinguish itself from American companies that reincorporated in offshore tax havens, regarding taxes paid by company and its partners before its incorporation in Bermuda
Today, the judge agreed but told Microsoft that he would order severe penalties if any of the Government consultants misused the data.
Aetna Inc., the troubled health insurance giant, said yesterday that it would eliminate 6,000 jobs, or about one-sixth of its work force, and take a $125 million charge in the fourth quarter as it struggled to regain profitability.
1 maker of personal computers, will acquire Digital Equipment Corp, declining maker of large corporate machines, for $9.6 billion in cash and stock in largest takeover in history of computer industry; takeover marks ascendancy of personal computers over mainframes that dominated computing in 1970's, and also signals that industry's future lies not in small computers alone but in integrated networks in which machines that span full ranges of size, price, scale and power are linked in hybrid digital systems; acquisition leaves Compaq, which was IBM's first serious competitor in personal computer market, poised to take on IBM's lucrative businesses in systems and services; Compaq chief executive, Eckhard Pfeiffer, and Digital chairman, Robert B Palmer, comment; photo (M)
Yesterday, a number of the company's critics speculated that the release of the memo might be timed to suggest that while Windows is shipped on more than 90 percent of all personal computers sold today -- and while Microsoft programs dominate dozens of markets -- the software giant faces real competition.
He said that Apple had engineering, software-development and marketing expenses that the clone companies have not shared.
Microsoft Corp acknowledges that one of its programmers apparently masqueraded as independent computer consultant earlier this week in effort to discredit America Online's tactics in companies' quarrel over instant messaging; Microsoft is unable to identify employee who forged E-mail message accusing America Online of irresponsible behavior; whoever did deed sent message to one computer security expert who is most likely to trace it back to Microsoft; bitter dispute has developed between Microsoft and America Online over instant on-line messaging; dispute began last month when Microsoft introduced clone of AOL Instant Messenger program, which permits computer users to chat over Internet with other computer users; America Online says Microsoft is making illegal use of proprietary directory information that is essential to connect instant messenger users via Internet; Microsoft disinformation incident came to light on Aug 11 when Richard Smith, president of Phar Lap Software and leading computer security expert, received E-mail message from someone identifying himself as Phil Bucking of Bucking Consulting; author suggested that he was developing his own instant messaging program and was studying America Online's tactics in blocking Microsoft users (M)
In a letter to members, the union's negotiating team wrote, ''On every major issue -- jobs, health care and pensions -- Boeing's offer fails, and fails miserably.''
Suit by Wal-Mart Cleaners Asserts Rackets Violation
Citigroup attributed its third-quarter troubles to three main areas: the poor performance of its private equity and alternative investment division; a tougher trading quarter for its commodities, interest rate, and foreign exchange groups; and weak 9 percent revenue growth in its international consumer businesses.
He said Microsoft spent roughly equal time at the hearing addressing the two specific accusations.
In his opening argument, Geoffrey Vos, a lawyer representing Apple Corps, dismissed the conduit argument, contending that the lack of ''interoperability'' with other companies' music stores undermined Apple Computer's stance.
But AT&T, the nation's biggest long-distance telephone carrier, still faces obstacles.
US Airways customers beginning this week get access to 188 United Airlines flight segments through Denver to desinations in West and Southwest under latest phase of code-sharing marketing pact between US Air and United; airlines are deeply worried about even more financial devastation at onset of possible war in Iraq, with anticipated severe drop in air travel and soaring fuel prices; Continental Airlines chief executive Gordon Bethune says government needs to have transportation plan if they do go to war; Transportation Security Administration says passengers at 84 airports are required to obtain boarding passes before going through security checkpoints, ticket counters, self-service kiosks and skycap check-in counters issue boarding passes, and some airlines also allow passenger to print them off their Web sites before coming to airport; survey by Meeting Professionals International and American Express shows that corporate meeting planners in North America and Europe expect average 1.1 percent decrease in corporate meetings and convention spending in 2003 over 2002, though actual number of such events will increase slightly (Memo Pad column) (M)
One major area of investment for Amazon has been in the toy business, after its courtroom defeat this year by Toys 'R' Us, in a ruling that allowed the toy retailer to sell items on its own Web site.
''We are taking the reinvention of marketing very seriously at Procter & Gamble,'' he added, ''and we all need to do that.''
(Mr. Greenwald denies there are errors and says that Wal-Mart has not seen the final cut.)
For three years, Pepsi's bottler in these parts, the family-owned Minges Bottling Group, has been competing against the Coca-Cola Bottling Company Consolidated, which covers a 12-state swath of the South, had sales of $802 million last year and, as a publicly traded company in which the Coca-Cola Company holds a 30 percent stake, can afford big marketing campaigns and price wars in the fight over shelf space and vending machines.
Procter & Gamble says sales fell 4 percent in last quarter and that, to counter declines in market share, it is partially abandoning its attempts to raise prices; global sales for quarter ended Dec 31, company's fiscal second quarter, were $10.2 billion, compared with $10.6 billion in last year's second quarter; earnings rose 6 percent in quarter, compared with year earlier (M)
But no single deal has involved anywhere near the size of the Comcast's subscriber base.
What will make the Government's case difficult is that only one of those companies -- Digital -- ever seriously competed with Intel.
Apple has sold nearly two million colorful iMac computers in the last 11 months, and it asserts that nearly half of those went to first-time computer buyers or people who were returning to the Mac after being seduced by cheaper but more complicated PC's based on the dominant Windows operating system.
Serious security flaw is discovered in popular E-mail programs published by Microsoft Corp and Netscape Communications Corp that would permit malicious person to send a message containing virus that could crash a computer and destroy or even steal data; so far, security tests have shown that flaw exists in three of four most popular E-mail programs, used by perhaps tens of millions of people around world: Microsoft's Outlook Express and Outlook 98 and Netscape Mail, part of Netscape Communicator's suite of Internet program; while Microsoft is already providing fixes, flaw is particularly worrisome in its Outlook 98 program, which combines E-mail with scheduler, contact list and other features; drawings (L)
''Everything is collapsing around us,'' Ms. Levine said on Friday, contemplating the prospects of war, a recession and General Electric falling from $60 to $31 a share in the last year.
Bristol-Myers Squibb will take a small stake in Exelixis Inc., a genomics company, and work with it to develop a new class of cancer drugs, the companies are expected to announce today.
The Government is expected to sue the Microsoft Corporation to place limits on the contracts the company strikes with personal computer makers, Internet service providers and Web site operators.
Philip J. Purcell defended his strategy for integrating the retail and institutional divisions of Morgan Stanley yesterday, but warned that his firm faced deteriorating market conditions that could put a dent in future earnings.
At a conference with industry analysts yesterday, Stephen W. Sanger, the chairman and chief executive of General Mills, said his company would continue to supply products to Fleming, the food distribution company that filed for bankruptcy protection on Tuesday after losing its biggest customer, Kmart.
''When you juxtapose the Wal-Mart, small-town America, Southern states culture with the British slightly self-deprecating, slightly cynical, slightly skeptical culture, they're uncomfortable bedfellows,'' said Richard Hyman, an analyst at Verdict Research, which focuses on retailing.
Revenue from the SQL Server product alone grew 25 percent, indicating that Linux, a free open-source operating system used to run many servers, is posing less of a threat to Microsoft's corporate business than people may think.
General Motors, Ford Motor and DaimlerChrysler expect sharp falloff in October vehicle sales despite big incentives offered to buyers; some analysts fear that second consecutive month of slumping results could indicate end to boom times for auto sales; economists monitor car industry's health closely because buoyant consumer spending, especially for cars, has kept economy growing this year (M)
The European Union insists it will fight the American lawsuit at the World Trade Organization, and it filed a countersuit contending that Boeing also gets improper subsidies.
The most dramatic increases were registered in Denver, the most competitive newspaper market in the country, where price cuts have been so deep that some subscribers have been able to purchase newspapers for little more than a penny a day.
The terms of the deal call for Waste Management shareholders to get 0.725 share of USA Waste stock for each of their shares, leaving Waste Management shareholders with about 60 percent of the new company.
The future of the Boeing Company, no matter its tumultuous present, rests in large part on the wings of its next-generation jet.
The competition has been especially hard on Time Warner, which has added high-speed subscribers more slowly than any other major provider.
CVS shares lost 51 cents, or 1.7 percent, closing at $30.01.
At the news conference, Mr. Stern aimed angry comments at the chief executive of the CBS Corporation, Leslie Moonves, saying that in ''coming after me,'' Mr. Moonves was trying to cover up for ''record losses in ratings'' for CBS's radio station by beginning the legal assault on its once-brightest star.
Flaws, Corning's chief financial officer, ''is to have a balance sheet that is not strong when you run into rough times.''
In a challenge to makers of traditional communications gear, Cisco Systems Inc., the No.
Most Silicon Valley entrepreneurs in post-dot-com boom era seek to position start-ups for quick and lucrative sale to industry giant rather than wait for uncertain payout of initial public offering; Aruba Networks, which sells wireless networks to corporate customers, bucks trend, having rejected takeover by Cisco Systems; Cisco later paid $450 million to buy Airespace Inc, Aruba's main rival; photos (M)
Motorola said yesterday that sales of mobile phones were expected to remain sluggish in the months ahead, with the company's overall sales in the first quarter projected to be little changed at $8.8 billion.
Fred Dressler, the senior vice president for programming at Time Warner Cable, said in an interview yesterday that Disney hoped to use the ABC blackout to make it appear that Time Warner was abusing its power and to raise questions about the pending merger with AOL.
Some analysts played down any connection between Coca-Cola's weakness and Pepsico's largest bottler.
Citigroup had never produced the materials supporting these claims to Richard Thornburgh, the examiner appointed by the bankruptcy court to investigate the WorldCom fraud, the brief stated.
Shortly after the World Trade Center attacks, he began campaigning to have the federal government, rather than insurers, pay most of the losses in a major terrorist attack.
After the group, the International Labor Rights Fund, filed the class-action suit in Los Angeles on behalf of employees for Wal-Mart contractors in China, Bangladesh, Nicaragua, Swaziland and Indonesia, Wal-Mart said it needed to study the lawsuit before responding.
Calling In Experts to Fix Microsoft if It's Broken
Mr. Platt denied that Boeing's intention in pushing the trade litigation was to shelter the 787 or scuttle the A350.
Microsoft is eliminating its troubled UltimateTV division, competitor to TiVo; UltimateTV services will continue despite elimination of division (S)
That very lack was almost a plus, to hear Microsoft tell it.
In 1994, when Mr. Leahy moved with his wife and three children to France, one immediate goal was to crack British Airways, a stubbornly all-Boeing carrier.
Yesterday, after a procedural ruling that went against managed care companies in lawsuits brought by doctors, Wellpoint lost $2.89, to $84.51; Oxford Health Plans declined 71 cents, to $26.39; and Humana dropped 42 cents, to $9.28.
That ad-supported software, distributed as a Web service, is a threat to Microsoft's model of selling licensed desktop software, at least in the consumer market.
The commission can impose daily fines of around $5 million on Microsoft if it concludes that the company is not honoring the ruling.
Still, the Morgan Stanley situation of a battle for control between rival factions does not present a clear-cut case.
The deal gives Citigroup no additional retail branches, no day-to-day management influence, and just one seat on Akbank's nine-member board.
Intel executives and lawyers had been closely watching Microsoft take a public relations beating in its antitrust case in a Federal district court here.
Responding to the company's complaint that he had compared installing a version of Microsoft's Internet Explorer to ''selling his soul, presumably equating Microsoft with the Devil,'' Mr. Lessig wrote that Microsoft ''simply misses the reference.''
After a flurry of deal making over the last few days, Google and Yahoo, two giants of the online advertising business, are set to encroach on each other's turf even more aggressively than before.
That was the situation some editors at The Wall Street Journal found themselves in last month when they learned that Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation was making a $5 billion bid for The Journal's parent, Dow Jones, at least a week before the news broke elsewhere.
The Government charges that Microsoft illegally moved to thwart competition in the browser market because the browser can serve as an alternative technology to the operating system.
Microsoft argued this evening that the Justice Department's argument had ''no legal basis.''
H&R Block Inc acquires Olde Financial Corp, parent of nation's fourth-largest discount brokerage firm, for $850 million in cash; Block is intensifying its push to become broad-based provider of financial services to Middle America; Olde's brokerage unit, Olde Discount Corp, is emerging from scandal that last year resulted in $7 million settlement of allegations that its management practices in early 1990's encouraged its brokers to defraud investors (M)
Jacques A Nasser, ousted chief executive of Ford Motor Co, received compensation package worth $23 million as part of his 2001 pay and retirement; company lost $5.5 billion last year, its worst performance since 1992; Nasser received $1.75 million in base pay and no bonus, compared with $1.63 million in base pay and $7.7 million bonus in 2000; photo (M)
Morgan Stanley went to trial with lawyers who repeatedly told the court that they were not as prepared as Mr. Perelman's team.
Chevron will also assume about $7 billion of Texaco's debt.
Many industry analysts say that Verizon will ultimately prevail in the bidding war over MCI because of its bigger financial resources.
National Assn of Securities Dealers accuses Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co's brokerage unit of misleading thousands of investors into buying mutual funds that resulted in losses of $65 million; fraud complaint states that Dean Witter told its brokers to promote funds as safe but higher-yielding alternatives to certificates of deposit without adequately disclosing how much riskier funds were; Dean Witter sold more than $2 billion of shares in funds to 100,000 investors, many of them beyond retirement age and some of them elderly; company issues statement calling NASD complaing 'without merit' (M)
"I suspect that AT&T expects more  people to leave than need to, so then it can hire other people," Professor Capelli said.
But on Wednesday, Mr. Lanier appeared for the first time to seriously rattle Dr. Santanello, an epidemiologist with Merck, as he questioned her about the details of data about Vioxx's risks of causing heart attacks and strokes.
Red Hat, leading seller of open-source software, is expected to outline push into global market for desktop systems, area where grass-roots Linux software has so far failed to make dent against Microsoft Corp (S)
In his written testimony, Mr. Rosen, who led the Microsoft team at the June 1995 meeting, angrily dismisses those allegations as ''misleading,'' ''outrageous'' and ''rubbish'' -- directly contradicting the testimony of the Government's leadoff witness, James Barksdale, the president of Netscape.
Indeed, more than half of the cuts announced by A.T.& T. last week will be white-collar jobs.
Pension Benefit Guaranty Corp contends that General Motors' pension fund is $31 billion short of what it owes its work force; GM insists that fund is fully funded; agency makes its estimate on what is called termination basis, measuring amount that GM would owe its workers if it were to terminate its pension plans immediately; GM's calculation that its pension plan is fully funded assumes that fund will keep going, rather than be ended; GM's estimate of its pensions on termination basis remains secret; agency does not suggest that GM is about to go bankrupt or that it needs $31 billion right away, because pensions are long-term obligations (M)
Kenneth C. Frazier, general counsel for Merck, said the lawsuits included two class-action suits seeking punitive damages.
Like so many other midmarket department stores, Mervyn's, based in the San Francisco Bay area, has had problems competing with other discounters, including Target.
''There is nothing I can say to gloss over how devastating the Learning Company's results have been to Mattel's overall performance,'' Ms. Barad said in a conference call with analysts yesterday.
The merged company will be called Waste Management, but Mr. Drury will move the headquarters from Waste Management's base in the Chicago suburb of Oakbrook, Ill., to USA Waste's offices in Houston.
The News Corporation's American depository receipts are still well down from an April high of $29.875, reflecting investor concern that Mr. Murdoch, who controls the company, may yet again make an acquisition that could put the company into financial trouble.
Another critical flaw affects only Windows 2000, and the fifth such flaw affects Microsoft's Exchange Server 5.5 and Exchange 2000 Server products.
The cans smelled bad on the outside, and people who opened them and drank the contents became ill. ''Everything inside the can was O.K., but there was a package-integrity issue,'' said a Coca-Cola spokesman, Rob Baskin.
Others, like a significant price cut in Verizon Online, had been leaked in recent news reports.
The nation's market leader in stents, Boston Scientific, whose stock was struggling under the weight of the company's $27 billion takeover of Guidant in April, has experienced an additional 7 percent stock decline in the last three months -- largely on rising concern among doctors and consumers about the long-term clotting risks.
Apple Computer Inc reports net loss of $708 million in its second fiscal quarter, compared with deficit of $740 million a year earlier; sales fell 27 percent, to $1.60 billion, from $2.19 billion in second quarter of 1996 fiscal year; Apple's continued struggles come as company is reportedly seeking a friendly buyer; Compaq Computer Corp reports earnings of $387 million in its first quarter, up 65 percent from $234 million in same 1996 quarter; sales rose 14 percent, to $4.81 billion from $4.21 billion in first quarter of 1996; table (L)
The court said there was no reason to disqualify Boeing just because it raised the price of its bid and did not guarantee that South Korean manufacturers would produce as much of the plane as stipulated by South Korea's defense ministry.
While eBay will acquire Skype's 54 million users in 225 countries and territories, the company said it was not interested in becoming a telecommunications provider or challenging traditional phone providers.
The federal judge trying the Microsoft antitrust case raised serious questions today about the government's plan to break up the company, seeming to suggest that he did not think the plan went far enough.
He also said the company planned to fight several recent shareholder lawsuits asserting Oracle was too sanguine about its prospects before its March 1 announcement.
Moody's Investors Service gives Westchester County, NY, top rating on its general-obligation debt but also revises its outlook for future from stable to negative (M)
Cisco Systems and some of its executives plan to donate $40 million in cash, equipment and services to install wireless Internet access and other high-tech services in Gulf Coast schools damaged by Hurricane Katrina (S)
Wal-Mart has long been known for vigorously fighting unions, and no workers in North America are represented by unions.
Microsoft still faces the prospect of steep penalties from the European Union, which has ruled that the company abused its Windows monopoly in Europe.
With Mr. Ware's resignation, the highest-ranking minority employees at Coca-Cola are 3 corporate vice presidents out of 23 total.
Verizon said that these costs would be offset by lower churn rates -- the number of customers who drop service each year -- and growth in the enrollment of new broadband subscribers.
The service coincides with the much-anticipated release of a Windows Vista version of Microsoft's best-selling combat game, Halo 2.
Lawyers for the plaintiffs pointed to documents and e-mail messages showing that company scientists were concerned about Vioxx's risks long before Merck withdrew the drug from the market in September 2004.
''They're losing market share to alternative formats, whether it's Wal-Mart, Dollar Stores or wholesale clubs.
Fuel consumption was listed by drivers of both General Motors' Hummer H2 and the fuel-efficient Toyota Prius hybrid as their top complaint -- though Hummer complaints dwarfed those for Prius.
Shares of the Microsoft Corporation fell more than 5 percent in heavy trading yesterday after the company confirmed that it would delay shipments of Windows 98, the new version of its dominant operating system software.
But Mr. Winer, even as he continues to interact with Microsoft's programmers, remains deeply suspicious of the company's motives.
Still, the analysts added that given the rough economic environment over all, Yahoo would continue to find itself in a struggle to maintain its momentum.
The Microsoft Corporation asked a Federal court yesterday to narrow or toss out the Government's suit against the company -- the latest effort to derail the landmark antitrust case before the trial begins next month.
In an unusual ruling in March, the judge hearing the case, Elizabeth T. Maass, ordered the jury to take as granted that Morgan Stanley and Sunbeam acted together in the fraud, because of what she called obstructionist behavior on the part of Morgan Stanley, who she claimed was holding back e-mail evidence.
Microsoft did not create the technology, whose full name is the Platform for Privacy Preferences Project; it grew out of efforts in the mid-1990's within a group that develops standards for the Web, the World Wide Web Consortium, to create a set of tools to help Internet users automatically block sites with offensive content.
Despite a bribery scandal, General Motors is committing big money to an Olympics campaign.
Verizon Communications gives Recording Industry Association of America identity of Internet subscriber suspected of making available unauthorized copies of several hundred songs; association argued that it had right to invoke legal shortcut compelling Internet service providers to turn over subscriber information without requiring copyright holder to file lawsuit; Verizon argued that shortcut was meant to apply to only narrow set of circumstances and that its broad use would violate its subscribers' privacy and due process rights; company refused to comply with subpoena; Federal Judge John D Bates wrote that Verizon's position 'would create huge loophole in Congress's effort to prevent copyright infringement on Internet'; Verizon says it will appeal ruling (M)
The Japanese Fair Trade Commission has issued a warning against Microsoft, ruling that the software giant violated antimonopoly laws with a restrictive clause in its contracts with computer makers.
Aetna, which has grown rapidly through acquisitions of troubled companies that remained troubled, has gone through some wrenching changes.
Lower costs are what distinguish Taesa from its larger rivals.
She was eager to tell of the treatment she had endured and witnessed on the trading floor at Morgan Stanley's headquarters near Times Square, followed by the testimony of more than 20 other women with similar complaints, some involving behavior that could have proved embarrassing to the company.
The personnel changes were announced along with the results of an internal investigation into Morgan Stanley's decision to pay $10,000 to Charles Joseph Luethke, an informant involved in the arrest last year of Christian L. Curry, a former analyst at the firm.
After running tests of search advertisements with potential partners for several months, the News Corporation demanded final proposals last week as its executives convened for an annual conference at Pebble Beach, Calif.
Worried he would go elsewhere, the Home Depot board decided Mr. Blank should step aside and Mr. Nardelli, who had no retail experience, should take his place.
Microsoft has long said that its toughest competitor in the personal computer operating system market is previous versions of its own Windows software.
Yet, despite being designed by the reknowned I. M. Pei, the addition struck many as an ill-fitting add-on -- perhaps unconsciously reflecting the clumsy giant that I.B.M.
The official, Joel I. Klein, added that Microsoft's key argument ''is wrong as a matter of fact, and wrong as a matter of history as well.''
Mr. Spitzer's accusations against Marsh and criminal charges that he brought against two executives of the American International Group and one executive of Ace Ltd. have shaken the insurance industry and investors.
Sales at the company, which is owned by the Whirlpool Corporation, based in Benton Harbor, Mich., dropped precipitously after the government announced an emergency energy rationing plan in May that required all households to cut power use 20 percent.
Representatives of families of the victims said Tuesday that the News Corporation extended the offer over the weekend before it decided to withdraw the project.
Cisco Systems plans to announce on Monday a new method -- based on a widely used Internet telephone standard -- for marrying the frequently incompatible radio gear used by emergency services agencies and businesses.
Mr. Cetto said Texas Instruments was already participating in tests in Berlin, Helsinki, Finland and Pittsburgh, that have shown that disruption can be overcome.
He also took aim at the criticism that the tanker proposal has received in Washington, where Senator John McCain, the Arizona Republican, has called it a ''Boeing bailout'' at taxpayer expense.
The Government investigation of the WebTV acquisition could be a problem for Microsoft if it drags on too long, preventing the deal from closing.
In the quarter in 2000,  Amazon lost $545 million by that measure.
Bristol, which is privately held, had originally asked for up to $263 million for claims that Microsoft denied the software developer the source code -- or original programmer's instructions -- to its Windows NT software.
Morgan Stanley Will Pay West Virginia $20 Million
Boeing's 7E7, which is to begin service in 2008, is designed to carry 200 to 300 people over long distances at extremely low costs.
Kodak Issues Rare Warning on Earnings
can't afford to stump up $2.4 billion'' for a chip factory, said Ben Lynch, an analyst at Deutsche Bank, adding, ''They have a lousy balance sheet, and are one-tenth the size of Intel.''
Takeover battle for HotJobs.com ends as Yahoo wrests its from TMP Worldwide, parent company of Monster.com, for $436 million; TMP says it will not engage in bidding war (S)
To pressure Nike, United Students Against Sweatshops, the umbrella group backing the consortium, the Union of Needletrades, Industrial and Textile Employees and other groups issued a report yesterday that criticized Nike for using sweatshops.
But some analysts said the loss of the EasyJet order could force Boeing to reduce its forecast.
More recently, as the company fell into trouble with the federal government, Microsoft has kept a large stable of lobbyists in town whose job is to beat back the ever-sprouting challenges and threats.
and Heidelberger Druckmaschinen are making huge inroads into Xerox's corporate markets, so the company badly needs SOHO sales to grow.
First, America Online did nothing to prevent anyone from mimicking its software, as Microsoft has.
Taped deposition of Microsoft chairman William H Gates, played at antitrust trial in Washington, shows him professing ignorance of key meetings and strategies that lie at heart of Government's case--performance far removed from his reputation as brilliant business strategist who guided company's rise to dominance in computing; Government charges Microsoft with conspiring to bully competitors, such as Apple Computer Inc and Netscape Communications Corp, into abandoning Internet software markets that Microsoft sought to dominate; Microsoft says two hours of taped testimony from 20-hour deposition were often taken out of context by Government prosecutors merely to cause ambarrassment, and had little direct bearing on case; high points of Gates's testimony discussed; photo (M)
A company spokesman, Michael Sullivan, said the moves were routine cuts that were part of Intel's pricing strategy.
In addition to keeping Boeing in the running for the multibillion-dollar contract to build the new fleet of 3,000 Joint Strike Fighters, the Pentagon has shown its willingness to deal with civilian companies and to build on civilian technologies in myriad ways.
After years of suffering for being outside the ''Wintel'' PC standard set by Microsoft's Windows operating system and Intel's microprocessors, Apple is benefiting from its proprietary hardware and operating system software, analysts said.
Jim Finn, an Oracle spokesman, said, ''Given PeopleSoft's uncertain future as a stand-alone company and the fact that, for the first quarter, PeopleSoft guided analysts below the consensus estimates, Oracle believes that its offer is full and generous.''
But with all the bad blood, such deals may be hard to negotiate now, especially with Microsoft still intent on cracking America Online's system.
A company spokesman said the errors had been uncovered in a regular review by Goodyear officials.
Pfizer plans to introduce the actual campaign later this month in an effort to counter loss of market share for Viagra from two competitors, Cialis and Levitra.
Charles Joseph Luethke, self-styled whistle-blower whose dealings with Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co put them both under criminal investigation, has had previous tussle with corporate America; Luethke conducted extened letter-writing campaign three years ago to put pressure on Edgar Bronfman Jr, chief executive of Seagram Co, and other sponsors of Bronx Gauchos amateur basketball club; he called on corporate backers to exclude Lou d'Almeida, club's founder, from active role in managing Gauchos, well-known amateur club that has produced several National Basketball Association stars; amid swirl of charges that never led to any indictments, d'Almeida stepped down from his executive role in basketball club two years ago; lawyers involved in both cases say conflict about Gauchos has some parallels to Luethke's dealings with Morgan Stanley; in both, Luethke parlayed initial presentations as do-gooder exposing wrongdoing into what corporations would later view as extortion; Luethke denies trying to extort money; Luethke, who has no full-time employment, first approached Morgan Stanley last year with tip that former analyst Christian L Curry was conspiring to plant fake E-mails on Morgan Stanley's computers to bolster discrimination lawsuit he wanted to file; Luethke took part in police undercover operation that resulted in Curry's arrest; Morgan Stanley quietly paid Luethke $10,000 shortly after arrest; photos (M)
Comcast Abandons Disney Bid, But Pressure on Eisner Remains
His chief financial officer, though, issued a ''health warning'' in the same conference call to note the possibility that the $3.3 billion Citigroup added to its legal reserves to meet claims other than those in the Worldcom settlement may not meet all the bank's future liabilities.
If Vioxx is found to be defective under certain state laws, the timing and the circumstances of the recall could become a factor in determining whether Merck behaved so negligently or recklessly that it should pay punitive damages.
After the Boeing Company and the McDonnell Douglas Corporation announced their $16 billion merger in 1996, European regulators nearly blocked the deal because they were so worried that the new American aerospace giant would pose an unfair threat to Airbus Industrie, the European consortium that is Boeing's sole competitor making large passenger jets.
Shares of Xerox, which had closed at $15.31 -- actually up 31 cents -- plummeted in after-hours trading, to as low as $12.50, its lowest level since October 1993.
Floyd Norris column on financial maneuvers used by J P Morgan Chase & Co and Citigroup Inc in its dealings with Enron Corp; holds one clever Chase deal let Enron show millions in debt as not being debt at all, but money due to part-owner of Enron subsidiary; says Chase vice president Marc J Shapiro said this week that year ago is was seen as good thing if debt was removed from balance sheet, but now it is seen as bad; adds Shapiro told analysts that Chase had no legal liability because it believed--and still believes--that Enron's accounting for transactions was proper; graph (M)
The recent three months were the first quarter since 1985 that Motorola had lost money on operations.
The deal, based on a value of $33 a share, could be in jeopardy if Mattel's price continues to slide or fails to rebound, analysts said.
Long-simmering worries about the growing influence of hedge funds erupted yesterday in a wave of nervous selling on world stock markets after talk that hedge funds had suffered large losses tied to the debt of General Motors.
IBM and Motorola Inc have each begun shipping new versions of their jointly developed Power PC chips that they say outperform any chips in Intel Corp's Pentium line; have also developed new type of Power PC chip with very low power consumption (S)
One retail expert, Burt Flickinger III, said Procter had created some of its own problems, particularly in Latin America and Europe, which Mr. Jager identified as highly competitive markets where the company had not done as well as it expected.
Brookfield disagreed, saying it obtained control over commercial development at Battery Park City in the 1980's with the development of the World Financial Center, a complex of four large office towers that are home to American Express, Merrill Lynch and other companies.
But because of some changes required to the jet's exits, Boeing said it could no longer meet Piedmont's specifications.
Wal-Mart Stores' British unit Asda narrowly averts costly strike after reaching agreement with GMB, union representing distribution center employees across Britain; strike call threatened what is expected to be one of busiest shopping weekends of year, when England plays Portugal in World Cup and Asda is expected to sell 10 million bottles of beer; photo (M)
ImClone Systems yesterday rejected demands by Bristol-Myers Squibb to rework their $2 billion agreement to develop and market a cancer drug.
You might think that was enough for a man who saw DuPont's stock lose about a third of its value in the nine years he served as C.F.O.
And it is no accident that Microsoft is taking the lead in talking about open standards in instant messaging, a service in which America Online has 80 million users.
But the suit would also seek to block Microsoft from including WebTV for Windows, its electronic program guide for television and Web sites, and Outlook Express, its E-mail program, with Windows 98.
Those who live at 3 Hanover Square, a 205-unit co-op at William and Stone Streets that would lose sunlight and river vistas to the new Goldman Sachs building, do not regard the project as particularly neighborly.
Micron's chairman, Steven R. Appleton, made plain his anger over the Hynix board's surprise action on Tuesday, rejecting an agreement reached after months of negotiations among Micron, Hynix and the creditor banks that control Hynix's finances.
Micron's personal computer subsidiary, Micron Electronics Inc., warned last month that it would have an operating loss, which it attributed to pricing pressure on notebook computers, and poor forecasting, which left the company with excess inventory.
But the company did respond in February to concerns from the Anti-Defamation League, which asked Yahoo to remove racist clubs from its service.
A senior Boeing executive today defended the work of his company's analysts who concluded that the space shuttle Columbia faced no catastrophic safety threat from damage caused by debris that struck its left wing some 81 seconds after liftoff.
Yet, there is no evidence that Microsoft tried, or even considered trying, to prevent its anticompetitive campaign from achieving overkill.
Even when auto insurance sales succeeded, the cost of claims was heavy, and Citigroup suffered.
Amazon said it had also cut prices on many other categories including electronics, tools and top-selling CD's and DVD's.
Kodak Cuts Another 3,000 Jobs
Nearby is the road leading to the source of it all, past a Waste Management sign that says Tullytown Resource Recovery Center.
Intel Corp is notified by the Federal Trade Commission that its investigation into company's business practices has been closed; probe began in Sept 1997 in response to complaints that Intel had used anticompetitive practices to cement its near monopoly in microprocessors for personal computers (S)
Disney Board Rejects Bid From Comcast As Too Low
And the issue that most alarmed the commission staff and its chairman, Robert Pitofsky, according to people close to the case, was that Intel was cutting the computer makers off from trade secrets they needed to bring new products to market.
Wal-Mart, the nation's largest private employer, has created two work forces with women ''predominantly assigned to the lowest-paying positions with the least chance of advancement,'' the lawsuit says.
Boston Scientific executives acknowledged that yesterday's recall might be seen as a sign that Guidant's problems ran deeper than the company had realized.
His language, by shock-radio standards, was quite mild: he merely described the chief executive of CBS and his former boss as ''the biggest jerk on the planet.''
But as far back as 2001, Merck officials had evidence, based on the company's own research, that this might not be true for potentially hundreds of thousands of Vioxx users -- those, mostly middle-aged and older, who regularly took low doses of aspirin, not for pain, but to reduce their risk of heart attack or stroke.
Merck said it first learned last week that a three-year study involving 2,600 patients had found that after 18 months, those taking Vioxx daily had twice the risk of heart attacks or strokes -- 15 per thousand -- compared with patients who were taking a placebo.
Elsewhere in its brief, Microsoft seeks to draw a fundamental distinction with AT&T by arguing that ''Microsoft is a unitary company,'' not ''an agglomeration of separate operating companies.''
Mr. Boies argued that Microsoft's decision was not really a product design decision but more a mere ''bolting'' together of the browser and Windows.
Because expectations are so high, however, if anything goes wrong Johnson & Johnson risks disappointing doctors and patients, not to mention the investors who have bid up its stock this year.
Citigroup donated $1 million to the school, but Mr. Weill denied that he had done anything wrong in helping Mr. Grubman.
Mr. Spitzer said that once Citigroup officials were confronted with the results of his office's investigation, ''they recognized that there was a failure here, that there were contractual obligations, and they stepped in and did the right thing.''
And Sony and Kodak are in an intellectual property battle, with each company suing the other claiming patent infringement.
Mr. Collingsworth said a victory in the case and the financial damages the plaintiffs seek would push Exxon Mobil and its shareholders to press the Indonesians to refrain from human rights abuses.
Viacom shares have fallen about 24 percent from their high this year while CBS has moved mainly sideways.
It was not clear how Time Warner or Disney might respond.
The four companies -- America Online, Earthlink, Yahoo and Microsoft -- filed suits in federal courts in their home states against different groups of suspected spammers.
''People often go wrong on eBay by buying books in lousy condition for cheap prices, and nobody wants them,'' he said.
Intel says it has encountered few signs of economic recovery in second quarter and it expects weaker than normal seasonal improvement in demand rest of year; plans cost-cutting measures, including cut in capital spending and elimination of about 4,000 jobs, almost 5 percent of work force; says it earned $446 million in quarter, up 133 percent from year-earlier quarter; revenue was $6.32 billion, slightly less than $6.33 billion reported year ago, as well as 7 percent lower than first quarter; Apple Computer says its sales and revenues slumped in recent quarter and that earnings could be well below Wall Street's expectations; Motorola Inc says its net loss jumped to $2.32 billion from $759 milion year ago; revenue declined 10 percent from year earlier, to $6.74 billion (M)
The Procter promotion is intended to address a daunting challenge that makes typical soap plot problems like amnesia or evil twins seem easily solvable: a significant loss of viewers of daytime dramas in the last decade.
Advanced Micro Devices says it will unlikely meet its target of $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion in revenue for first quarter, providing evidence that price war with Intel is continuing to take its toll; AMD lost $574 million in fourth quarter of 2006, compared with profit of $96 million year earlier; revenue was $1.77 billion, decline from $1.84 billion year ago; AMD chief executive Hector Ruiz comments; Intel chief executive Paul S Otellini says competition in chip business is continuing to put pressure on pricing, but does not update company's forecast of revenue from $8.9 billion to $9.3 billion (M)
The practice is also drawing the ire of several consumer electronics manufacturers, including Sony Electronics, which says it cannot guarantee the audio quality of these CD's on its players, and Apple Computer and Sonicblue, whose sales of popular portable music players might suffer if copy-protected CD's became the norm.
Union Pacific has said that its new employees receive ample training, and Mr. Roach pointed to reduced accident rates this year.
More than 4,000 other people have also sued Merck, charging that Vioxx caused them to suffer heart attacks and strokes.
In addition, Motorola continued to clean up a balance sheet that was formerly so debt laden that its investment and strategic options had been severely limited.
CNN and AT&T Strike an On-Line Deal
Already unhappy with Citigroup's weak earnings and its flagging stock price, investors now wonder whether the management shake-up is nearly over.
General Motors officials arrived in Seoul yesterday for what may be the final round of talks with the creditors of Daewoo Motors over a takeover of the bankrupt carmaker.
In a basement hotel ballroom in Delaware, with the board nowhere in sight and huge timers on stage to cut off angry investors, Home Depot held a hasty annual meeting last year that attendees alternately described as ''appalling'' and ''arrogant.''
Brian L. Roberts, Comcast's chief executive, portrayed his only mistake in bidding for Disney as the assumption ''that the Disney board would talk to us.''
CNN says appearance on camera of sponsor's product in Feb 3 segment of American Morning news show was accidental and unintentional; glimpse of package of Total cereal made by General Mills opens network to complaints about blurring lines between advertising and editorial content; photo (M)
In a statement tonight, Lockheed Martin's spokesman, James Fetig, confirmed that the company, the world's largest military manufacturer, had decided to settle the case, in which the State Department had charged the company with 30 violations of arms export laws.
Next, Mr. Boies asked if one purpose for the bundling was to make it more difficult for a Microsoft rival, the Netscape Communications Corporation, to distribute its browser.
Aetna had angered doctors by forcing them to choose between accepting low-paying, tightly controlled H.M.O.
Boeing said that it would cut production of its 747 jumbo jet to two a month from 3.5 a month in late 1999 and might even cut production to one a month in early 2000 if demand does not pick up.
A Alfred Taubman's shopping mall empire Taubman Centers again rejects hostile $1.5 billion takeover bid from Simon Property Group (M)
Three men accused of fraud in trying to sell abstract painting for $135,805 on eBay auction Web site last year are indicted on charges of taking part in bidding ring that cost hundreds of art buyers total of $450,000; two of men, Kenneth A Walton and Scott Beach, have been contacted by investigators, but not arrested; third, Kenneth Fetterman, has not be located; indictment charges them with placing 'shill' bids in 1,100 auctions, including auction involving the abstract painting, which seemed to be work of artist Richard Diebenkorn; photo (M)
Executives at Cummins Inc. did not expect their blessings to come in disguise, particularly when they were disguised as government regulations.
Boeing owns 40 percent, RSC-Energia of Moscow 25 percent, Kvaerner Maritime a.s. of Oslo 20 percent, and KB Yuzhnoye and PO Yuzhmash of Dnepropetrovsk, the Ukraine, 15 percent.
Mr. Gassee, forced out because of differences with John Sculley, then Apple's chief executive, said he founded his current company, Be Inc., ''the day after I left Apple'' in 1990.
The company will evaluate complaints within 24 hours to see if they violate Yahoo's policies, Mr.
Raymond O'Rourke, a spokesman for Morgan Stanley, said the firm was ''gratified that the court significantly limited the E.E.O.C.
Oracle no longer breaks out application sales by category because it is trying to sell most customers the complete suite, although customers pay only for the portions they use.
After years of struggle, Chevron now has a field that pumps about 240,000 barrels a day and a pipeline that will begin operating next year.
Since Comcast made its unsolicited $44.5 billion offer for AT&T Broadband on July 8, Comcast has been forced to wait as AT&T's chairman, C. Michael Armstrong, has talked to other media companies including AOL Time Warner, Disney  and Microsoft in an effort to drum up a bidding war for AT&T Broadband.
Vice President Al Gore stepped into the lion's den today, facing down hundreds of Microsoft employees smarting from the judicial finding that their company had bullied its rivals and stifled competition.
Intel, the world's biggest chip maker, has been struggling for a year to fend off a revitalized Advanced Micro Devices, which has a head start in ''multicore'' and low-power 64-bit microprocessors.
The Federal Trade Commission announced today that it had reached a tentative settlement of its antitrust suit against the Intel Corporation, the world's largest maker of computer chips, a day before opening arguments were set to begin in the case.
Fitch Downgrades Interpublic's Debt
Arguing that the standard under consideration could hinder the computer industry's future use of broadcast spectrum, Microsoft set about making its objections clear to the Clinton Administration, Congress and the F.C.C.
Among other things, Mr. Stonecipher said in an interview in Le Monde on Saturday that Airbus was to blame for the European Commission's opposition to General Electric's proposed acquisition of Honeywell International.
About 20 million Americans took Vioxx from 1999 to 2004, when Merck stopped selling the drug after a clinical trial showed it raised the risk of heart attacks and strokes when taken for more than 18 months.
However the plane is financed, Boeing executives predicted that it would not be much of a threat.
Another speaker referred to ''those of us stupid enough not to bail out'' of Interpublic stock.
But the announcement still hurt Boeing's stock price.
Craig Moffett, an analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein & Company who had been negative on the merger of Comcast and Disney, said: ''Comcast's newest effort, taken together with the recent launch of their African-American channel, TV1, points to a sort of an organic growth strategy at Comcast for programming and suggests that there may be more ways to integrate programming and Comcast's distribution capabilities even without having to make a major acquisition.''
Can Yahoo find the ground it lost in the search business?
In recent months, several consumer on-line services have either failed or abandoned their proprietary approach in favor of becoming open services within the Internet, including the News Corporation's Delphi, the General Electric Company's Genie, AT&T's Interchange, and the Microsoft Corporation's MSN.
Adobe also said in its announcement today that business continued to be hurt by Japan's recession.
They accused Yahoo of having condoned war crimes when it sold Nazi paraphernalia, including flags with swastikas, on its auction pages.
Chief of Mattel Steps Down After Reporting Loss in 1999
Mr. Hodgson, while critical of the Coca-Cola plan, added, ''I am not philosophically against incentive plans for directors, but I think they need to be designed with more of an eye to long-term strategy than this.''
Mr. Bezos and other Amazon executives stressed that the program was still in its early stages.
The action came after the Caremark board voted unanimously on Sunday to reject a $26 billion hostile takeover offer by Express Scripts, even though the offer values Caremark at about 13 percent higher than the CVS deal.
Mr. Guarini acknowledged that ''there will be some people cynical about this campaign, who see this as reactive'' to Merck's problems with Vioxx.
Michael M. Sears, a former chief financial officer for the Boeing Company, is expected to plead guilty in federal court in early August on a charge stemming from a job offer to a Pentagon official, according to a person involved in the case.
US Treas Sec Henry M Paulson Jr suggests that Bush administration is considering more business-friendly approach to regulation of corporate executives and business groups, business conference, Georgetown University; questions whether lawmakers and regulators struck right balance between investor protection and market competitiveness; suggests that too many regulations have been adopted without adequate examination of their costs; expresses alarm that there are only four major accounting firms, observation that others have made to justify proposed limits on their legal liability; Berkshire Hathaway chairman Warren E Buffett says some changes have forced boards to spend more time on wasteful pursuits while other have helped make companies more transparent; General Electric chief executive Jeffrey R Immelt says new rules eroded relationship between auditors and boards; other attending conference include former Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan and New York City Mayor Michael R Bloomberg; photo (M)
Under the Nynex proposal, A.T.& T. might pay only $1.50 in the city but a higher amount -- some $8.50 -- elsewhere in the state.
On July 16, Microsoft disclosed the vulnerability and offered a protective program, a software patch, on its Web site to safeguard vulnerable computers.
to finish its review of abarelix, a prostate cancer drug that Amgen is developing with Praecis Pharmaceuticals of Waltham, Mass.
The recent appeals court decision upholding a lower court's ruling that Microsoft had violated antitrust law aided the dozens of private antitrust lawsuits customers have filed against the company.
''Our people detected some errors in the reviews of certain accounts,'' said Keith Price, a spokesman at Goodyear, which is based in Akron, Ohio.
That was a mistake, Ambassador Whitney said, and Wal-Mart is not disputing him.
Humana, based in Louisville, Ky., took over the enormous military dependents' contract, which generates gross annual revenues of $2.4 billion, last September.
In November, Thomas Freston, Viacom's chief, reached outside the company to fill the No.
AES Corp of Arlington, Va, says CA Nacional Telefonos de Venzuela, largest telephone company in Venezuela, has failed to provide investors in US with precise information in latest chapter of one of Latin America's most visible hostile takeover disputes; AES says company has failed to provide details of share buyback in statement recently submitted to shareholders; contends buyback is thinly veiled effort to thwart its own bid for control of company; company's largest shareholders are Verizon Communications and Spain's Telefonica SA; AES president Paul Hanrahan says it is latest example of abuse of minority shareholders by Venezuelan company and by Verizon, which is pulling strings of operation (M)
That program had become a serious factor in the growing enmity between Time Warner and Disney, with the cable company's executives saying that Disney was trying to undermine its business.
But that assumes Boeing will resolve its woes.
And companies that have faced racial and sex discrimination lawsuits -- as has Wal-Mart, which is fighting a huge sex discrimination class action -- are particularly sensitive to their law firms' diversity.
Even though both Time Warner and America Online are United States companies, the European Commission has the right to block their proposed merger because the companies conduct more than 250 million euros a year of business in European Union countries.
Critics of Wal-Mart, however, accused the company of hypocrisy, contrasting its marketing of gay wedding cards in Britain with its stricter controls in the United States.
The decline was primarily a result of lower pricing for memory chips and fewer total megabits sold, Micron said.
Mr. Greenberg said a Disney merger would not add value for Comcast shareholders.
Wal-Mart Is Found Liable in Bias Against Disabled Man
Dick Starmann, the former McDonald's executive who was her longtime spokesman and is a trustee of her estate, said the first time he ever wrote a press release about Mrs. Kroc was when she died, and the announcements about her posthumous gifts had all been made by the organizations that had received them.
Microsoft and its partners dismiss the criticism as predictable nitpicking.
The Ottaways' statements left no such ambiguity, questioning the journalism and the ethics of Mr. Murdoch and of News Corporation properties like the Fox News Channel and The New York Post, known for their right-wing political bent and racy tone.
By tying its music and video player software into Windows, Microsoft put rivals at an unfair competitive disadvantage.
Nevertheless, protecting the applications barrier to entry was so critical to Microsoft that the firm was willing to invest substantial resources to enlist ICP's, ISV's, and Apple in its campaign against the browser threat.
The lawsuit noted that Mr. Thain was president of Goldman Sachs until he became chief of the exchange last year.
The Fox News mantra of ''be accurate, be fair, be American,'' Mr. Moody said, is appropriate for the times.
''It's a bad thing because high-tech companies like I.B.M., Microsoft, Oracle and Sun, are making the decision to create jobs overseas strictly based on labor costs and cutting positions,'' said Marcus Courtney, president of the group, an affiliate of the Communications Workers of America.
Correction:  July 4, 2001, Wednesday  A front-page article yesterday about the effect of the collapse of the merger between General Electric and Honeywell International on the reputation of G.E.
The newest cottage industry that owes its existence to eBay is online liquidation, in which companies take unwanted merchandise from retailers and auction it online.
It appears that Comcast expects to pay a tax rate of about 27 percent on the disposal of the stake in the entartainment unit.
''The government was absolutely right to prosecute Microsoft.
Johnson & Johnson files antitrust suit accusing rival Amgen of using illegal leverage to drive its drug, Procrit, out of market; says Amgen is bundling sales of its drugs in way that forces cancer clinics to buy Amgen's Aranesp at expense of Procrit; Amgen says allegations are not legitimate and company intend to fight accusation (M)
Raymond L Kotcher, president at Ketchum, New York, agency owned by the Omnicom Group, is named to the additional post of chief executive; Jerry Solomon, president for national broadcast at SFM Media/MPG to leave agency (Advertising column) (S)
The appeals court upheld a series of Judge Jackson's findings that Microsoft had illegally abused its monopoly power in the software industry and set a higher standard for bringing the tying claim that was dropped today by the government.
A decade ago, Procter & Gamble's paper towel production line in Albany, Ga., would jerk to an unexpected stop more than a hundred times a day, sending dozens of towel sheets to the recycling bin each time.
Preliminary results of study presented at American Heart Association meeting in New Orleans show incidence of heart attacks and strokes among patients given Pfizer's painkiller Bextra is more than double that of those given placebos; Merck recently withdrew Vioxx, similar to Bextra, after longer and better-controlled study showed that it doubled risk of heart attack and stroke; Pfizer spokesman Susan Bro says heart problem with Bexta appeared only in studies involving patients at very high risk for heart disease who were undergoing cardiac surgery, disclosure Pfizer made on Oct 15; says other studies of Bextra involving 8,000 patients with arthritis who were followed for 6 to 52 weeks found no heart problems; Dr Garrett A FitzGerald, cardiologist and pharmacologist at University of Pennsylvania and one of world's leading exports in COX-2 drugs, says this is a time bomb waiting to go off (M)
Procter & Gamble will pay Unilever about $10 million and agree to an unusual third-party audit to settle a dispute that arose after P.& G. acknowledged that it had taken documents from trash cans outside the  Chicago offices of Unilever.
Richard B McKenzie of University of California at Irvine contends that there are probably fewer than 10,000 Windows programs in use today and that most users probably have no more than a handful on their computers; Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson's antitrust ruling against Microsoft Corp was based on trial testimony that there were 70,000 programs written to run solely on Windows operating system; that figure was not contested by lawyers for Microsoft, and indeed its marketing and advertising materials in 1997 claimed that as many as 100,000 programs existed for Windows operating system (M)
Microsoft Executive Denies Key Allegation in U.S. Case**Microsoft Corp general manager Daniel Rosen denies key allegation in Government's antitrust case--that company threatened Netscape Communications, its main rival in Internet software business, at June 1995 meeting and made Netscape illegal offer to divide market; offers his own detailed account of disputed meeting and events surrounding it (M)
Interpublic, the giant advertising group, postponed its earnings release for a week to give it time to review transactions among its subsidiaries in Europe.
Because parking in the area is distinctly limited, Home Depot executives have said the store will be tailored to pedestrians.
The shares became worthless, and Mr. Perelman sued Morgan Stanley, which had advised Sunbeam, contending that he had received misleading information.
Of the dozen or so illegal tactics that the appeals court said Microsoft used to maintain its monopoly, the ''commingling of code'' was the only one that the company asked the court to reconsider.
Shares of Halliburton fell by more than 40 percent in one day in December 2001, to $12 from $20.85, on investors' fears of asbestos liability.
Correction:  February 4, 2000, Friday  Because of an editing error, an article in Business Day on Wednesday about a court filing in the Microsoft antitrust case made by a Harvard legal scholar and software expert misspelled his given name.
In her closing argument, Christy Jones, Merck's lead lawyer, told jurors that Merck had properly researched Vioxx's potential heart risks.
Not that Airbus and Boeing should really lose any sleep.
AT&T blamed the rise of the Internet, which it said made obsolete a private network like the one it had built, for the failure of Network Notes.
wanted to avoid a formal decision that might create a precedent affecting future deals, Honeywell did not give its consent.
''The question is not whether Verizon is a larger, more financially sound company that possesses assets, such as wireless, that Qwest lacks,'' Bill Miller, the chief investment officer at Legg Mason, wrote in an angry letter to MCI.
Nor does McDonald's low pay seem to bother many here -- Russian wages average $250 a month.
Boeing Co's chief executive Harry C Stonecipher cast long shadow over Farnborough International Air Show in London despite his absence; Stonecipher's plans to intensify trade battle between Boeing and its main rival Airbus is talk of show; has said he plans to 'raise the rhetoric' about subsidies Airbus receives from European governments; Airbus has asserted that Boeing receives subsidies from State of Washington, where its main production operations are situated, as well as indirect aid from Pentagon, through research and military contracts; also said Boeing derives additional aid from Japan, which will make components for Boeing's new 7E7 jetliner; photos (M)
As Wal-Mart reported a meager 0.5 percent rise last month in same-store sales -- those at stores open at least a year -- the company, the world's largest retailer, also warned that November was probably going to be even worse.
Microsoft Faces Antitrust Loss In Europe Case
Indeed, in the second quarter, Amazon included a $23 million charge related to those options and a $71 million noncash charge related to the effect on its debt of currency fluctuations.
Karen Burk, a Wal-Mart spokeswoman, said the company ''felt a majority of our customers may not be comfortable with that image.''
had no interest in raising trade tensions even if the commission blocked the Honeywell deal.
''It's very hard to imagine a quid pro quo,'' Lewis E. Platt, the chairman of Boeing, said in an interview.
The Comcast video, in particular, struck a nerve.
A federal appeals court ruled that Microsoft's adoption of the plan was one of the illegal acts the company used to undermine the Netscape Navigator browser, a potential competitor.
In the interview after his speech, Mr. Otellini said that the new teraflop chip did not undercut the need for Intel's troubled Itanium microprocessor, which the company has aimed at the high end of the computing marketplace.
So far, Apple, which is known for obsessively guarding information about new products, appears to have applied the same secrecy to its handling of the stock option issues.
The additional costs of identifying and treating depression, Aetna said, can in many cases be more than offset in avoiding the larger financial costs associated with the disease -- and the higher medical expenses that often arise when other chronic conditions, like diabetes and heart disease, are compounded by depression.
Customers making a reservation for six or more people are told that they must use the American Express card and that if they cancel after a set time or do not show up, a per-person charge will appear on their monthly bill.
Mr. Icahn, the billionaire financier who has made a career of agitating for change at some of the nation's biggest companies, said yesterday that he planned to seek a seat on the board of Motorola at the company's next annual meeting.
Motorola shares had risen $1.50, to $13 in heavy trading on the New York Stock Exchange before the earnings were released in anticipation that the company would at least meet Wall Street's expectations of a loss no worse than 8 cents a share.
In e-mail messages, Wal-Mart has polled several bloggers about whether they would make the trip, which the bloggers would have to pay for themselves.
By flubbing an  embargo and giving Web-happy night owls a premature glimpse of the new computer, timecanada.com broke Time's deal with Steven P. Jobs, Apple Computer's chief executive and ringmaster.
Federal Communications Commission extends deadline for wireless companies to carry out technology for so-called number portability, to Nov 24, 2003; decision is in response to petition filed by Verizon Wireless last July to drop number-portability requirement altogether; commission rejects request, saying that number of portability is necessary to preserve consumer choice and enhance competition among wireless carriers, but finds justification for extending deadline for third time (M)
''If Verizon management approaches the talks in the same spirit, there is no reason that we can't meet that goal.''
It also accused Microsoft of trying to wipe out the market for rivals' audio and video-player software programs by incorporating its own product, Media Player, into Windows, a practice known as bundling.
Therefore, since the conduct it complains of is the pursuit of relief in federal court, Microsoft fails to state a claim under 42 U.S.C.
Though representatives of all five major labels were present at the House of Blues event, none have yet agreed to use Microsoft's technology.
Even more ominous to some Intel watchers is how many insiders are exiting the stock.
Jill E Barad, chairwoman and chief executive of Mattel Inc for three years, resigns as toymaker reports loss for 1999 and continuing problems in its software unit, the Learning Co; company's board says it is searching for replacement and that directors William D Rollnick and Ronald M Loeb will serve as chairman and acting chief executive, respectively, in meantime; for all of 1999, Mattel lost $82 million compared with $206 million gain in 1998; graph; photo (M)
His family is suing Merck, Vioxx's manufacturer, in state court in Brazoria County, Tex., claiming that Vioxx was responsible for his death.
AT&T's loss was smaller than during the comparable period a year earlier.
And Dennis J. FitzSimons, president and chief executive of the Tribune Company, repeated on Monday that the company had no plans to sell any of its individual assets, which include 9 daily newspapers and 23 television stations.
The trouble is, PeopleSoft's release is months behind the Internet-centric releases of its competitors and the industry's market share leaders, Oracle and SAP.
In a statement, Gap said Ms. Harriss had resigned.
Wal-Mart, which is based in Bentonville, Ark., and has some 3,100 discount stores and shopping clubs in the United States, denied that it practiced any systemic discrimination.
In other words, the Government argued, Microsoft is complaining about a problem of its own making.
Merck said in its filing that it could not predict the outcome of the inquiries, but that ''highly unfavorable outcomes'' could have a ''material adverse effect on the company's financial position.''
Ford Motor Credit is not the first lender to be accused of indirect bias when lending money to minorities.
Wal-Mart is also trying to integrate acquisitions with more sensitivity -- a process that involves issues like deciding whether to consolidate multiple foreign headquarters and how aggressively to impose Wal-Mart's corporate culture on non-American employees.
What's Next column on electronic monitoring device that can keep track on intrusions into cargo containers, which authorities fear terrorists could use to transport dangerous freight; General Electric is testing palm-size device that generates magnetic field, keeping track of any disturbances; device communicates wirelessly with dockside or hand-held readers, which note time and date of any incursions after container is sealed; drawing (M)
That unpredictability ''provides for a lot of uncertainty and volatility of earnings,'' said Shannon S. Cross, an analyst with Cross Research who has a sell rating on Kodak shares.
Applied Materials, the world's largest manufacturer of chip-making equipment, reported third-quarter earnings today that beat Wall Street's expectations by 2 cents a share but said it could predict no end to the industry slump.
Still, some industry analysts say the strategic logic behind the Comcast move is sound, and its plan differs markedly from the disappointing deals of recent years.
There are many PC makers, but Microsoft stands alone as the supplier of operating system software, at least for the desktops and notebooks that represent 95 percent of the PC market.
Tom Moore, president at Coca-Cola's Foodservice and Hospitality Dvision, resigns in wake of rigged marketing test for Coke products sold at Burger King; will continue to work at company in transitional role for undetermined amount of time; Moore will be succeeded by Chris Lowe; Javier Benito, who is president of Coke's Nordic division, will assume position of chief marketing officer (Market Place column) (M)
Introduced last month, well behind schedule, the PlayStation 3 is now in a pitched battle with a new game console from Nintendo and the Xbox 360, made by Microsoft, which has closed the gap with Sony in the roughly $30 billion global game market.
Until recently, Microsoft's efforts to enter the home entertainment market have gone nowhere, in part because the products proved disappointing and in part because its prospective allies have rebuffed Microsoft's advances for fear of falling prey to the tactics that established its monopoly control over PC software.
Under that plan, if a competitor determined that Microsoft was violating the terms of the settlement, its only recourse would have been to complain to the government, which could choose to take Microsoft back to court.
Citigroup's president, Robert B. Willumstad, said the bank would not give up any space in Lower Manhattan.
But when Halliburton sold Dresser-Rand, it treated the employees as if they had resigned and gone to work for Ingersoll-Rand.
He said Microsoft engineers had determined that the intrusion was based on a weakness in the software that governs basic Internet data communications.
Some analysts said they were disappointed in Pfizer's total prescription drug sales.
The pretax charge  tied to Citigroup's business in Argentina includes $235 million in foreign exchange losses and $235 million in losses on loans and other debts.
Internal Microsoft Corp documents released by Justice Department show Microsoft Corp was so worried about Netscape Communications Corp's lead in Internet software last year that its senior executives wanted to delay upgrade of Windows operating system to gain edge in browser battle; documents seem to cast doubt on Microsoft's defense arguments (M)
The case began in 2001 with Medtronic suing Dr. Michelson over obligations under contracts in the early 1990's covering the licensing and sale of his inventions to Sofamor Danek, based in Memphis.
PeopleSoft reiterated its position that Oracle's offer undervalues the company and would probably be blocked by antitrust regulators.
Priceline.com said yesterday that its losses widened and its sales plunged in the fourth quarter, throwing the company's viability further in doubt.
Despite initial backing from Microsoft and Intel, Mr. Taplin said the two companies were not involved in the decision to bring the Apple, Google and Napster lawsuit.
I.B.M., the world's largest computer maker, reported disappointing first-quarter earnings yesterday, setting off a sharp sell-off of its shares in after-hours trading.
The California Supreme Court ruled that the fraud lawsuit should not be dismissed, concluding that Nike's statements about its labor practices were commercial speech that did not deserve full First Amendment protection.
In July, eBay said it would address this problem, in part by raising listing fees for storefronts, lowering some listing fees on the auction site and introducing online and offline promotions.
Andrew Dixon, the Microsoft Office product manager, said the company was developing an applet, or small Java program, that would issue a warning before opening Office documents.
Small and unknown, Purple Moon faced an unforgiving battle for shelf space with Mattel, which had 6 of the top 10 girls' titles last year -- all Barbie themes -- according to PC Data, a market research firm.
As Gap has struggled, executive turnover has grown.
The sponsors -- I.B.M., Citigroup and Coca-Cola -- were told that they were not needed, an attempt to prevent their being pressured by the women's coalition.
Boeing's last-minute concessions on Tuesday narrowly averted a trade battle between the European Union and the United States.
''It is very late in the day, and advertising alone will not solve Apple's problems,'' said Gary Stibel, a principal at the New England Consulting Group in Westport, Conn., who specializes in technology marketing.
A serious security flaw in recent versions of Microsoft Outlook 98, Outlook Express and Netscape Mail -- three of the four most widely used Internet electronic mail programs -- is proving more difficult to fix than initially thought.
But a person who had been briefed on the negotiations but was not authorized to comment on them publicly said AT&T had been dissuaded by the intense political pressure in Italy against a sale to a foreign company.
Still, Ms. Simmons said, Pfizer runs the considerable risk of its advertising ''starting to feel similar to Levitra's and Cialis's.''
Ford Motor Co says it will produce fewer Ford Excursion sport utility vehicles during the 2001 model year, but attributes cutback to weak consumer demand for the vehicle rather than the company's concerns about its safety and environmental problems; company spokesman says Ford will cut production rate for the Excursion to 52,000 a year this summer, from 69,000 a year now (M)
He said that last fall, more than a month after Mr. Curry's arrest, he dropped a plan broached in several letters he wrote to Morgan Stanley that suggested the two work out a broad financial relationship.
The Government and 20 states suing the Microsoft Corporation are planning to ask a Federal judge to admit new evidence in their major antitrust case against the software maker, according to a person close to the investigation.
Richard D. Parsons, president of Time Warner, had argued that he only wanted the same kind of subsidies the city had granted to his competitors: Bertelsmann A.G., Viacom Inc. and NBC.
At that time Wal-Mart's clothing assortment was of low quality and poorly presented.
Richard Cook, the longtime Disney executive who is chairman of Walt Disney Studios, which oversees the live-action and animated film divisions, rejects the idea that Disney is getting soft.
The decision brings to $1.45 billion the sum owed to Mr. Perelman and casts more unflattering light on Morgan Stanley's reputation at a time that it is fighting a punishing campaign by eight retired executives who are calling for the ouster of Philip J. Purcell, its chief executive.
Netscape and other companies have accused Microsoft of withholding those as penalty for failing to comply with requests from Microsoft.
And the new top leader of Interpublic, David Bell, is likely to find himself contending with more bad news later this week, in the form of disappointing quarterly and annual earnings results, before he can try to get out any good news.
Although Microsoft seemed intent on treating uncertainty about its corporate future as taboo, its efforts to develop products for the future it foresees and its own use of them were prominently featured.
Dick Starmann, who retired as McDonald's senior vice president for communications in 1998, met Mr. Bell when he was 21 and somewhat of a marketing prodigy.
No one could be reached for comment over the weekend at Molson, based in Montreal.
The rejection came as Oracle posted better-than-expected earnings for its fourth quarter and attributed a large share of its $246 million in new software license sales to business taken directly from PeopleSoft.
Or it could be, as Merck argued, that Vioxx was neutral, while naproxen actually reduced the likelihood of a heart attack.
''It's unfortunate that instead of engaging the issues in a visible public forum,'' Mr. Theroux said, speaking of Oracle, ''it was considered to be appropriate to use subterfuge and back-alley tactics to deal with the issues.''
The Itanium camp within Intel opposed the alternative, and the status of the Yamhill effort is uncertain.
Kodak has also endured more than a bit of executive suite turmoil as film-oriented executives left and digitally oriented executives arrived.
But Mr. Boies's very public performance defending the Gore campaign during the Florida recount battle makes it highly unlikely that the Bush administration would retain him on the Microsoft case -- or any other.
With Judge Jackson having ruled on Monday that Microsoft was a ''predatory'' monopolist that repeatedly violated antitrust laws, private plaintiffs have a far less daunting challenge in suits already filed -- and in actions being considered by companies that believe they have suffered from abuse of Microsoft's market power.
The weakness at Old Navy could be trouble for the Gap because the division -- featuring Gap's cheapest clothes, sold in a warehouse setting -- represents 40 percent of the company's annual $16 billion in sales.
The Moody's report was particularly damaging for Computer Associates because the company's financial statements are complicated, making it difficult for investors to judge its health based on its reported sales or profits.
The rejection of the Orangina bid comes at a time when Coca-Cola has seen its share price plummet by nearly a third.
Jerry Kristal, another lawyer for Mr. McDarby, said the verdict showed that risk factors were Merck's ''worst defense.''
The Intel Corporation, the world's largest chip maker, continued its slow climb from the bottom of the worst slump in the industry's downturn today.
Apple Is Beaten to a Pact For Use of Operating System
Merck executives had first considered and rejected the possibility of directly studying Vioxx's cardiovascular risks in 2000, but they apparently soon altered course after the publication of the medical journal article by Dr. Topol and others.
Purchase Of Honeywell Now Appears Near Collapse
Federal jury in Portland, Ore, finds Wal-Mart, world's largest retailer, guilty of forcing its employees to work unpaid overtime in first of 40 such lawsuits to go to trial; dozens of Wal-Mart workers testified during four-week trial that under pressure from their managers they frequently clocked out after 40 hours and continued working; in lawsuit, 400 current and former employees from 18 stores in Ore accuse company of violating federal and state wage laws by systematically pressuring them to work unpaid overtime, and jury agreed; damages are to be decided in separate trial(M)
But, to Mr. Weill's obvious disappointment, Citigroup's stock dropped $3.02, to $54.92.
Mr. Mack, who was Morgan Stanley's president until he quit a year ago after a falling out with Mr. Purcell, had dangled the position of co-head of investment banking at First Boston to lure Mr. Chammah.
In the other incident, the police department said a striking worker was charged with petty larceny after removing lug nuts from the wheels of a Verizon maintenance truck on West 15th Street.
Last year, Arthur Ryan, Prudential's chief executive, pledged to overhaul or sell the brokerage unit, which has been losing money since 2000, within two years.
At that time, Comcast made an unsolicited offer to AT&T after being refused a chance to negotiate.
Robert S Miller, chief executive of auto parts maker Delphi, predicts that General Motors and Ford Motor could find themselves following Delphi into bankruptcy in next few years unless they take drastic steps to reduce their own labor costs; says his company will do what it can to prevent more bankruptcies in the industry; believes that major auto companies are now engulfed in same industrial turbulence that forced revamping of steel and airline industries, with which he was intmately familiar; photos (L)
Raytheon's troubles are particularly worrisome because the company had been widely viewed as one of the best-managed concerns in the armaments industry.
In a conference call with Wall Street analysts on Tuesday, Mr. Bezos said that the overall Amazon Web Services initiative was growing rapidly, but was not yet profitable.
''Although browser is a term used throughout Microsoft's documents and licenses, the industry literature, and even in the dictionary Microsoft publishes for software professionals,'' the brief says, ''in the interest of Microsoft's litigation arguments it becomes a nonword.
Bankruptcy court judge may be only person with authority to ask electric rate increases and cost cuts in California that growing number of analysts say are necessary, but nobody in state has been able to agree upon; bankruptcy filings by state's largest utilities, Southern California Edison and Pacific Gas and Electric, would only make it harder for them to borrow money, further shaking confidence of power-generating companies that are already threatening not to sell them electricity; bankruptcy court filing would not satisfy consumers because they are almost certain to be forced to pay large chunk of $12 billion two utilities owe power generators now; Pacific Gas and Electric and its parent, PG&E Corp, say they defaulted on $76 million of commercial paper; Southern California Edison says it will not pay $596 million it owes bondholders and power generators; photo (M)
Clinical trials have repeatedly linked Vioxx to heart attacks, but Merck says that clinical trials have never shown a link between Vioxx and arrhythmia, undoing any link between Vioxx and Mr. Ernst's death.
Mr. Sohn of Microsoft said the company had reported its attack to the F.B.I.
Selfridges & Co, nearly 100-year-old London department store, may soon be at center of bidding war; Selfridges' shares rise to 52-week high as investors expect bids from Scottish retailing enterpreneur Tom Hunter and from Selfridges management and others; Selfridges' banker Merrill Lynch sets May 6 as deadline to submit bids; consortium formed by Goldman Sachs is also reported to be submitting bid; company as whole had $718 million in sales last year; photo (M)
Two days later Comcast made a formal offer, which the board rejected as too low.
With its stock price low, Monsanto is considered a takeover target.
Cecil H. Green, a founder of Texas Instruments and a major educational and medical philanthropist, died on Friday in La Jolla, Calif.
But several industry executives said they viewed Mr. Jobs's comments as an effort to deflect blame from Apple and onto the record companies for the incompatibility of various digital music devices and services.
But, in remarks that suggest an upturn is not imminent, Cisco's chief executive said customers had grown even more cautious about spending.
The Government and Microsoft's competitors have frequently pointed out that unlike Windows, the prices of other computer products have fallen markedly.
Maurice R Greenberg, chief executive at American International group, is leading charge by insurance industry, which lost billions of dollars in September 11 terrorist attacks, for federal government to serve as insurer of last resort in any future catastrophe; has met with Pres Bush and lobbied members of Congress since attacks, which will cost company about $820 million in payments on claims; strategy is to emphasize role insurance plays in underpinning vital industries, stressing that government help for insurers is really help for economy as whole; photo (M)
Judge Orders Morgan Stanley to Turn Over Data in Bias Cases
While outside factors conspired against Nike, management made its own missteps: a surge in inventory, an increase in prices, a lackluster ad campaign, a failure to hit upon a new big idea.
The recent acquisition of DirecTV by Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation adds another piece to his global satellite empire and puts him at the center of a fierce technological battle -- one in which he and other satellite operators have lost the clear advantage they once had over cable competitors.
The Ford Motor Company, which is struggling with falling auto sales and the Firestone tire recall, said today that it would not pay bonuses this year to 6,000 middle-level and senior managers, including its chief executive, Jacques A. Nasser.
In the 1993 deliberation, Borland International, a software maker that had trademark applications pending on products containing the word ''windows,'' filed a letter protesting Microsoft's application.
The show becomes a murder mystery as well, but the standout feature is likely to be the inclusion of some moments when characters will lip-sync contemporary songs -- not, CBS emphasizes, the way songs were used in the old ABC series ''Cop Rock,'' but more in the style of the British series ''Pennies From Heaven.''
For example, Mr. Norris described how Microsoft had stalled I.B.M.
The government, AOL's competitors and some consumer groups have worried that without such restrictions, the combination of the America Online service, with 24 million members, and Time Warner's cable systems, available in 20 percent of the country's homes, could dominate the evolution of the Internet.
Again, a key assertion in the antitrust case is that Microsoft's Windows contracts with PC makers forced such bundling of the Internet browser and Windows.
Executives for Pfizer Inc., the drug giant, fine-tuned their presentation over the weekend as the company prepared to defend its $80 billion hostile takeover bid for Warner-Lambert at a shareholders' meeting tomorrow.
A consolidation would immediately cut hundreds of millions of dollars from Coca-Cola's earnings, the analysts say.
Kohl's avoided costly last-minute price cuts, unlike most other apparel retailers.
's problems in flash memory are from competitive pressures, including price cuts by Intel on its flash memory chips.
Boeing's chairman, Philip M. Condit, said the job cuts would largely be made through attrition and would involve about 10 percent of the 118,000 workers in Boeing's commercial airplane division.
Medtronic, one of the nation's largest medical device manufacturers, said yesterday that it had agreed to pay the federal government $40 million to settle accusations that its spinal-implant division had paid kickbacks to doctors as a way of inducing them to use its products.
Aon said the attacks would ''likely have an unfavorable impact'' on its earnings in the immediate future.
Another Wall Street firm, Morgan Stanley Dean Witter, received calls from angry customers, some threatening to withdraw their assets, after it had agreed to pay Mr. Clinton $100,000 to speak at a conference in Florida last week.
In 1997, fearing that Microsoft could control the cable industry if it came to dominate set-top box software, the leading cable companies at the time said that Cable Labs, the industry's research consortium, would set the technology standards for digital set-top boxes.
The United States says the lack of access has particularly hurt the Eastman Kodak Company.
Earlier this week, Microsoft said recent price cuts had lifted Xbox sales in Europe, but it released no sales figures.
Michael Riordan, co-author of ''Crystal Fire: The Invention of the Transistor and the Birth of the Information Age'' (W.W. Norton & Company, 1998), noted that Globe Union and Texas Instruments were both pioneers in miniaturization, and that Mr. Kilby ''came to T.I.
''It doesn't look like Oracle is going to back off.
The second whistle-blower lawsuit, filed by a former employee who managed Medtronic's travel services, claimed the company gave some surgeons ''excessive remuneration, unlawful perquisites and bribes in other forms for purchasing goods and medical devices.''
The company might, for example, drop demands that computer manufacturers feature Microsoft products to the exclusion of competitors' products.
''Instead of putting a stop to Xerox's fraudulent accounting, the KPMG defendants themselves engaged in fraud,'' the suit stated.
Last month, Adobe filed a complaint with the F.B.I.
Morgan Stanley's lawyers have negotiated with the commission for several months but have refused to acknowledge that Ms. Schieffelin was a victim of discrimination.
As part of that settlement last month, regulators asserted that Citigroup bankers and brokers knowingly engaged in spinning and that the firm failed to supervise its employees in this process.
And Microsoft has adopted a new rule requiring all temps to a 31-day break in their work at least once a year to insure that they can no longer be viewed as regular workers.
A witness from Palm may accuse Microsoft of withholding information to derail competition from Palm's hand-held devices, whose ability to synchronize information with most desktop or laptop PC's depends on Windows.
Merck's shares fell last month after the company said it did not expect 2002 profit to rise.
Amgen's stock, along with that of many biotechnology companies, has fallen sharply since then.
In a statement, Nike said the decision ''sets a dangerous precedent by restraining companies, such as Nike, from making public statements about their business practices when challenged in the arena of public debate.''
Xerox shares lost 80 percent of their value after the fraud was disclosed in 2000.
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter reported a 28 percent decline yesterday in its earnings for the fiscal fourth quarter, providing the first glimpse of how poorly a depressing year ended on Wall Street.
So AT&T should be prevented from violating the principle of Internet neutrality, which holds that consumers should be given equal access to Web sites.
At I.B.M., David Cassano, general manager of Year 2000 Global Initiatives, said that his company had told a few customers that no software upgrades were available for their older computers but, he added, ''it is not the majority of systems, by a long shot.''
Timothy D. Cook, the executive vice president for worldwide sales and operations, called the demand for the iPod Nano ''staggering,'' and said Apple sold more than a million units in the 17 days of the fourth quarter that it was available.
The Justice Department yesterday made a crucial concession in dropping the charge that it has been illegal for Microsoft to pursue its longstanding practice of bundling, or tying, new software to its monopoly product -- the industry-standard Windows operating system.
Wall Street takes a hard look at Oracle's earnings as an indication of the shape of software industry because it announces its earnings a full month before its competitors.
Still, analysts said SAP could learn from Oracle's aggressive sales and marketing.
Moody's Cuts Sony Rating, Citing Electronics Outlook
Intel reported that its gross margin for the second quarter, ending June 29, is expected to be 49 percent, ''plus or minus a couple of points.''
The suit, filed on behalf of employees of Wal-Mart and Sam's Club stores in California, argued that the chain violated state law more than eight million times from Jan. 1, 2001, to May 6, 2005, said the plaintiffs' lawyer, Jessica Grant of the Furth Firm of San Francisco.
In this case, Mr. Weber argues that the plaintiffs' charge that I.B.M.
A major maker of memory chips for personal computers, Micron said it had been hard hit in recent quarters by Asian manufacturers' sales of chips below cost.
Mr. van Praag said that if Mr. Paulson set up a blind trust to shield him from any knowledge about his investments, Goldman Sachs would not be the trustee.
''The allegations in the commission's complaint against Morgan Stanley are extremely serious.
But this is only one of several brickbats General Motors has had to absorb in the 11 days since it announced that it would cut up to 12,000 jobs in Europe, the majority in Germany.
When Hasbro decided in 2001 that it did not want to maintain a showroom and offices in Manhattan, 120,000 square feet became available, including the ground floor, the basement and a small mezzanine of the joined buildings.
He added that he had lost two investors in the project, both of them Hollywood figures who Mr. Greenwald said backed out rather than risk Wal-Mart's rejection of their other films, as the company is the world's largest DVD retailer.
But Mr. Marks struck a deal last year with Microsoft that could soon rival the Ericsson alliance.
So, in April 1997, she left her business, took a pay cut and joined the legions of marketing professionals at the Microsoft Corporation, in suburban Redmond.
Adobe Opposes Prosecution in Hacking Case
Gustavo Soriani, who was fired as vice president for operations at IBM's Argentine operations and is under indictment in Argentina on fraud charges, writes book he hopes will vindicate him; at issue is whether IBM, through Soriani, paid bribes to obtain $250 million contract to install computer system in state-owned Banco de la Nacion; Soriani claims he is being used as scapegoat; claims IBM knew of payments but disowned them when they were discovered (M)
That future arrives today, as Norfolk Southern and CSX, which already dominate commercial rail traffic in much of the East, take over chunks of Conrail.
The answer lies with financial engineering, at which I.B.M.
The European Union insists it will fight the American lawsuit at the World Trade Organization, and it filed a countersuit contending that Boeing also gets improper subsidies.
Some authority executives feared the turnabout would become a nightmare for the authority, because Vornado's absence could drive down the sale price, or at least weaken the agency's bargaining position.
In 1980 a jury awarded MCI millions of dollarsin damages for its suit against A.T.& T., which was settled five years later for an undisclosed sum.
But with America Online's pending purchase of Time Warner, the No.
Centocor, a subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson, has been providing doctors with marketing materials that describe how they can make extra money by prescribing a new drug, a practice that health care fraud experts say may be illegal.
Since stepping down as chief executive of Citigroup, the nation's largest bank, two years ago, he has been forced to watch from the sidelines as the financial services empire he painstakingly built over two decades has been slowly dismantled.
The centerpiece of the deal, whose financial terms the companies would not disclose, is an arrangement that allows for Lego to pay I.B.M.
Yahoo had asked for a wide range of documents from Google, which in turn had argued that the requests were too broad.
The growth came as Google's largest rival, Yahoo, has suffered from weak sales of search and display advertising.
Whole Foods declined to comment on the lawsuit, but Kate Lowery, a company spokeswoman, confirmed its ultimatum to Grimaud.
Meanwhile, Merck will continue to argue that Vioxx could not have killed Mr. Ernst because a coroner found his cause of death to be an arrhythmia, or irregular heartbeat, and Vioxx has never been linked to arrhythmias.
AT&T's deal with McCaw almost collapsed amid disagreements about the use of the AT&T name.
Some Apple critics have said the company's recent precipitous slide in revenue and market share can be traced, in part, to Apple's failure to have Copland ready in time to counter Microsoft's introduction of its Windows 95 software last year.
Citigroup's results were hurt by an $816 million pretax charge related to its corporate and consumer businesses in Argentina.
PeopleSoft's management fiercely opposed Oracle's initial offer of $5.1 billion, as they have opposed the most recent offer of $7.7 billion, as a bad deal for its shareholders and customers alike.
The announcement came after the family, the Bancrofts, said that it was willing to meet with Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation, just weeks after the family rejected a $5 billion takeover offer from Mr. Murdoch.
Marriott's vice president for investor relations, Laura E. Paugh, said in a brief telephone interview on Saturday that none of the five lawsuits ''seem to be weighing heavily as a concern'' for investors.
The testimony from Douglas J. Burgum, a senior vice president at Microsoft, who was subpoenaed by the government, came in the third week of a trial in Federal District Court over the Justice Department's attempt to block Oracle's $7.7 billion hostile takeover of PeopleSoft.
Enron Corp scandal will become television movie on cable channel F/X; F/X, unit of News Corp, has hired Artisan Pictures to develop movie; Artisan chief executive Bob Cooper comments; PublicAffairs, part of Perseus Books Group, has signed journalist Robert Bryce to write book on issue; John Wiley & Sons has signed journalist Loren Fox to write another Enron book; group of reporters for Fortune magazine, including Joseph Nocera, are expected to announce agreement with publisher to write another account; Doubleday Broadway, part of Random House division of Bertelsmann, will publish book by Mimi Swartz, journalist who may have full cooperation of Sherron S Watkins, Enron executive who wrote memo warning of company's perilous accounting tactics (M)
For AT&T, the problem is that it would have to assume the risk of selling the shares at a time when cable stocks are slumping.
They saw the cost increases as a warning of continuing uncertainty about Aetna's ability to turn Prudential around.
Each 747 uses 10 or 12 of the pumps, and Boeing said it had shipped airlines about 700 suspect bearings either in pumps or as replacement parts.
Microsoft's share of that market has fallen from a peak of 13 percent in 2002 to 8 percent today.
On Its Own Turf, It's Microsoft, Right or Wrong
In state and federal courts, more than 6,000 people have sued Merck, claiming they or their family members were injured or killed after taking Vioxx, a once-popular painkiller that Merck stopped selling last year after the drug was linked to heart attacks and strokes.
Letter by Industry Executives Backs Microsoft
TECHNOLOGY  Correction:  December 8, 2000, Friday  An article in Business Day on Wednesday about Apple Computer's warning of a shortfall in earnings for its quarter ending Dec. 30 misstated the amount of cash and short-term investments the company has in reserve.
Correction:  January 12, 2007, Friday  An article in Business Day yesterday about a lawsuit filed by a pension fund over the proposed merger between Caremark RX and CVS misstated the amount of exit pay that Caremark's chief executive, Edwin M. Crawford, would receive if a rival bid was accepted.
Revitalizing Diet Coke is one of the biggest challenges confronting Charles S. Frenette, who recently became Coca-Cola's chief marketing officer.
Micron Technology said today that it was withdrawing from talks over the future of the bankrupt Hynix Semiconductor, dashing the lingering hopes of South Korean government officials that a deal could still be salvaged for Micron to acquire Hynix's memory chip business.
(In an image reversal, America Online's Steven M. Case was the one with the necktie, Time Warner's Gerald M. Levin the one without, inviting speculation that the $165 billion purchase price had included his tie.)
Microsoft replies that the Government may have succeeded in ''portraying Microsoft as an aggressive company that occasionally engages in tough tactics,'' but that none of it rises to the level of an antitrust violation.
Another senior executive resigned from Morgan Stanley yesterday, extending what has become a stream of departures from the investment bank.
In the Nike campaign, the curly-haired Stiller portrays Lombardi's ghost materializing in today's National Football League, wearing a fedora, long stadium coat and Packers turtleneck and sweater.
Traditional Wall Street firms are still making investment rules as number of stock offerings involving online firms plunge; Charles Schwab Corp co-chief executive David S Pottruck says major investment banks are still in control and no online upstart is likely to crack oligopoly they have built; Goldman Sachs Group's recent acquisition of Epoch Partners, which was owned by Schwab, TD Waterhouse and Ameritrade, discussed; Epoch's former owner Scott A Ryles comments; William R Hambrecht, founder and chairman of W R Hambrecht & Co, one of remaining young investment banks with online bent, discusses how his firm has tried to land its own deals rather than depend on larger banks; graphs; photos (M)
According to the letter, Morgan Stanley said that Ms. Schieffelin was fired ''as the result of disruptive and insubordinate behavior toward her direct supervisor.''
The question now is how much the dispute will hurt Time Warner as it tries to conclude its merger with America Online.
today seeks to blame Intel is actually a direct result of A.M.D.
Ravi Suria, a convertible bond analyst at Lehman Brothers, was the first to raise the issue on Feb. 6 when he published a report predicting that Amazon.com would face a creditor squeeze later this year.
Boeing is suffering huge production glitches despite supposedly putting into effect some lean techniques for years.
St Paul Companies acquires Travelers Property Casualty Corp in $16 billion stock swap; combination will result in giant company called St Paul Travelers Companies, which will rank second in commercial insurance to American International Group and will be among top companies in home and auto insurance; St Paul's chief executive Jay S Fishman and Travelers' chief executive Robert I Lipp comment; chart; photos (M)
Campbell Sees Profit Slide After a Bad Season for Soup
The Coca-Cola Company said yesterday that it was being formally investigated by the Securities and Exchange Commission for accusations levied against the company last year in a wrongful termination lawsuit.
It is a reasoned, if risky, bet for Microsoft.
The topic was whether to fire Gap's embattled chief executive, Paul S. Pressler.
Industry analysts were skeptical that Microsoft would be able to achieve meaningful dominance in electronic commerce markets, because it will have difficulty harnessing broadly used Internet standards to its proprietary software.
As Intel, which is based in Santa Clara, Calif., and other chip companies continue to pack more advanced technology into ever smaller circuitry, the problem has become worse.
Any problems with torcetrapib would be a serious setback for Pfizer, the world's largest drug company.
Hewlett-Packard Co quantum science research director R Stanley Williams warns consumers will get fed up with innovations that are oversold or underdelivered, speech to Massachusetts Institute of Technology's Emerging Technologies Conference; General Electric Co chief executive Jeffrey R Immelt also counsels patience, to engineers and investors; says established companies must invest in emerging technologies to survive; some experts warn even best corporate research efforts may not be enough to ward business disruptions that come from unexpected innovations; photos (M)
Costco, national warehouse club, becomes probably largest retailer of premium wines in US by wooing buyers with lower prices and profit margins; new status follows hiring of former literary agent David Andrew as global wine director in 1998; company marks up wines no more than 14 percent, and some barely at all, compared with wine stores that customarily mark up prices as much as 50 percent; its sales ballooned to more than half-billion dollars in 2001, in what Wine Institute says is $19.8 billion business including retail and restaurant sales; photos (M)
Those scandals also led to the resignation of Philip M. Condit, then Boeing chief executive.
''There was no pressure from Time Warner to refer to it as one thing or another,'' Mr. Pearlstine said.
The News Corporation, The Post's parent, is controlled by Rupert Murdoch, who as well as being a competitor of Mr. Turner happens to have a long-running feud with him.
They have argued that the company has essentially been penalized for not having as strong a brand name as Verizon.
It was the first of more than 200 worker lawsuits filed against I.B.M.
Boeing Is Said to Give In to European Demand on McDonnell Deal
There was also a shuffling of management at McCann Europe, one of the Interpublic subsidiaries affected.
The company is also awaiting a judge's ruling on whether a sexual discrimination lawsuit filed in federal court by several female employees will be expanded to include 1.6 million women employed by Wal-Mart.
Ever greater weight loss -- rather than a chance to battle bigger monsters -- is one goal for players of Yourself!Fitness, a video game under development for Microsoft's Xbox.
The contract has been thrown into turmoil because of recent scandals involving Boeing's government-contracting process, as well as the broader question of whether the tankers are needed.
Campbell Soup Co warns that its earnings in current quarter and fiscal year will be significantly lower than analysts' expectations because sales of soup were depressed by unusually warm weather in November and December; fiscal year results are expected to suffer (M)
Patrick Cescau, Unilever's foods director, said Campbell had bought all the brands Unilever had to sell, and that by concluding the deal swiftly it had spared its employees some uncertainty.
Although many programmers discount the Microsoft system as derivative and even unimportant, the founder of the Mono project, Miguel de Icaza, sees it as a vision of the future.
But, they note, Kodak could preserve jobs and yet reduce its own payroll by outsourcing them rather than cutting them outright.
But Karl A. Backus, a principal in the firm that designed the company's second plan, said he was not sure Apple would be willing to make further changes.
The problems at Bristol-Myers Squibb now appear to extend beyond its partnership with ImClone and the expiration of patents on several top-selling drugs.
As Expected, Coca-Cola Reports a Weakened 4th Quarter
It is good news for the Boeing Company, which said only last week that weakening demand from Asia would force it to cut production of the 747 jumbo jet next year.
''Microsoft is trying to use me as a pawn in their fight with AOL,'' he said.
The lockup provision and various anti-takeover statutes in Pennsylvania, however, provide CSX and Conrail with a formidable defense against Norfolk Southern's hostile bid.
Westchester got its usual Aaa top rating on its general-obligation debt from Moody's Investors Service yesterday, but it also got something it is not used to.
But while the Power PC became the mainstay of the Macintosh, Apple's market share continued to slip and the alliance failed to loosen Intel's tightening grip on the market for desktop computer chips.
The new clothing at Wal-Mart created problems, too.
A plant belonging to Hindustan Coca-Cola Beverages in nearby Perumatty was denied a license renewal last month on similar grounds.
On the basis of Oracle alone, that represents a 12 percent decline from last year.
And the two largest carriers, Verizon Wireless and Cingular Wireless, which are controlled by regional Bell companies, are struggling to find and pay for additional swaths of airwaves to carry calls.
He acknowledged that they were also unhappy with Apple's decision to back away from licensing.
By last year, that company, Google, had usurped Yahoo as the No.
Mr. Kasky's legal complaint cited six statements that Nike made on nine occasions, but in the absence of a trial, these have not been sorted out in any detail.
Microsoft has never paid a dividend; while Intel has been making payouts since 1992, they are not exactly generous.
Advanced Micro's mobile technology, has, however, lagged those of Intel and the Transmeta Corporation in power consumption and battery life.
And now they want to blame Microsoft for their own mismanagement.''
Analysts point out that Goldman lagged behind Morgan Stanley and First Boston in the early years of the technology boom, but caught up and passed them in the peak years of 2000 and 2001.
While Verizon and SBC each recently conducted its own assessment of a potential WorldCom deal, it does not appear that either company entered serious discussions with WorldCom.
H&R Block says its loss widened to $60.3 million in third quarter as result of continued problems at its subprime mortgage unit Option One; growing losses raises speculation on Wall Street whether executives will achieve their goal of selling unit for $1.3 billion this month; Lehman Brothers, which owns five mortgage lenders and has had soaring fixed-income revenue in tandem with housing boom over years, reports record earnings of $1.2 billion for first quarter, 5.6 percent increase from year earlier; chief financial officer Christopher O'Meara says bank's subprime business represents about 3 percent of overall revenue (M)
''How much will Kodak cut film prices, and when will digital finally be profitable?''
Comcast's president, Mr. Burke, said yesterday that the company had ruled out most of the likely rivals that might conceivably start a bidding war.
INTEL ALTERS PLAN SAID TO UNDERMINE PC USERS' PRIVACY
With some analysts predicting that the dispute could become the biggest auto industry showdown since the walkout that shut down General Motors for 67 days in 1970, the strike could cast a long shadow on labor-management relations nationwide and might help determine how hard or easy it will be for other companies to rely in outsourcing.
The prolonged downturn may be causing lasting damage, especially at Boeing, which is still the region's largest single employer, with about 60,000 workers.
In February, Apple acknowledged that demand for the Cube had only been a third of projections.
So little that its controlling shareholder, AT&T, is willing to issue stock worth $464 million to avoid taking more stock in it.
A federal court yesterday ordered the Vonage Holdings Corporation, the Internet phone provider, to pay $58 million for infringing Verizon's patents, dealing a blow to a company already showing signs of stress.
Amid the swirling allegations and counterclaims that surround a racial discrimination lawsuit filed against the Wall Street powerhouse Morgan Stanley Dean Witter by a former employee, one question stands out: Why did the firm pay $10,000 to a police informant involved in the employee's arrest last year?
Even so, analysts say melding NYLCare with Aetna may prove challenging, especially in light of the difficulties Aetna has had in absorbing U.S. Healthcare.
and Intel have been locked in a fierce price war for the last year.
Microsoft, another potential ally, decided to cut a deal with AT&T, and Comcast did not have the financial muscle to buy the company on its own.
Exxon Mobil Corp is preparing to resume operations in Aceh province of Indonesia after expensive three-month disruption that prompted military offensive by government to restore security to rebellious area; suspended operations in early March at three gas fields after armed attacks against employees commuting to site; government responded by cracking down against separatist Muslim rebels in Aceh while trying to persuade Exxon to return to operation that supplies government with $1 billion annually in revenue; photo (M)
Until recently, the Federal Communications Commission held that A.T.& T. was the only American long-distance company that must publicly disclose its prices and terms, because it continues to dominate the industry.
The news of the delay led two rating services, Standard & Poor's and Fitch Ratings, to reduce their ratings of Interpublic's debt, and Fitch put Interpublic's credit rating on negative watch.
Analysts were quick to note that Ms. Krawcheck had limited operational experience and virtually no background in areas like consumer banking and insurance, which make up a large chunk of Citigroup's revenues.
Although Gap does not blame Ms. Parker for its business woes, the experience highlights the difficulty many companies face in creating a credible match with a celebrity endorser, one that forges a bond with consumers and pumps up sales.
Mr. Miller said it put Waste Management in between its rivals USA Waste, which still operates with the highly decentralized model that had long dominated the industry, and Browning-Ferris Industries, which recently adopted a centralized model.
The chain has lost ground because of increased competition from Wal-Mart, which has a grip on cost-conscious suburbanites, and from Target, which appeals to hip, trendy shoppers who are more fashion-conscious.
''I hate not being able to call you or write you,'' Ms. Roehm wrote early last fall, according to an e-mail message Mr. Womack's wife provided to Wal-Mart.
Mr. Weill wanted to sway Mr. Armstrong, who is a director of Citigroup, to side with Mr. Weill in his struggle for power with John S. Reed.
The official said, however, that Coolio was not a suspect in the attacks last month on Yahoo, eBay and Amazon.com, among others.
The article quoted a lawyer for a video store owner in Provo, Utah, as saying that his client's prosecution was unfair because many companies that provided ''adult'' entertainment were heavily backed by large corporations, including the News Corporation.
''The Nike product has become synonymous with slave wages, forced overtime and arbitrary abuse,'' he said.
AT&T is expected to offer evidence that domestic telephone traffic diverted by MCI through Canada to avoid tariffs included calls placed by State Dept and other government agencies; if rerouting is confirmed, it could pose significant new problems for MCI's Chapter 11 reorganization proceeding and its business with federal agencies; calls rerouted through foreign countries would not be protected from eavesdropping that could compromise national security; government is MCI's largest customer, and authorities are close to completing review of whether company should be barred from winning new government contracts because of its admission that it committed largest accounting fraud in history; fraud inquiry is based on evidence provided by former MCI executives and on technical information supplied by AT&T and two other MCI rivals, SBC Communications and Verizon; they claim scheme to redirect telephone traffic avoided hundreds of millions of dollars in fees that MCI owes local telephone companies (M)
Revenues were growing, but Netflix was still losing money at an alarming rate -- so much that, although it had raised another $50 million in venture capital in early 2000, the company had less than $5 million in the bank 18 months later.
In issuing a call on Tuesday for the record industry to drop copy protection, or digital rights management, from music sold online, Apples chief executive, Steven P. Jobs, pointed out that two of the big four music companies, and half of another, are owned by European companies.
Exxon was forced to defend its record of investing in refining capacity.
Not long before midnight, Time Warner Cable's president, Joseph J. Collins, alerted Gerald M. Levin, the Time Warner chairman, that he was about to order his engineers to block the ABC signal.
The average revenue per user a month at Netflix has dropped to $18.92 in the first quarter of 2005, from $22.51 in the third quarter of 2004, according to Youssef Squali, an analyst with Jefferies & Company, who does not own Netflix shares.
Boeing expects the new version of the single-aisle 737 to be its largest- selling model over the next 20 years, but it has already said that it will lose money on the first 400 of the airplanes it will make because of past production glitches and last-minute design changes ordered by European regulatory authorities.
Board members and senior executives of Marsh & McLennan, the giant insurance broker that has been accused of cheating customers, put millions of dollars into a partnership that profited by buying companies from Marsh and investing in companies that work with Marsh.
Merck's shares dropped sharply on the news, falling to as low as  $117.75 before rallying slightly and ending at $119.4375, down $4.0625.
''We saw that Michael would be no doubt much stronger in the area of operations,'' said Frank J. Borelli, the presiding director on the Interpublic board, ''and dealing with the individual business-unit leaders, he had to have the C.E.O.
Mr. Zabel said an issue in the divorce might be whether Mr. Welch could change his contract with General Electric, renouncing some benefits, because Mr. Welch's divorce filing said neither party should be allowed to sell, transfer or remove property without the consent of the other.
News Corp reportedly seeks to acquire control of Italian satellite television company Telepiu from Vivendi Universal, move that could make it essentially monopoly pay television provider in Italy (M)
Robert J. Strudler, the chairman of the Lennar Corporation, one of the nation's largest home building companies, died Tuesday in Houston.
Stung by a chorus of critics who said that its software code was increasingly buggy and vulnerable to attack, Microsoft began sending its programmers to a special course in writing secure software.
It did not help the labor negotiations that the NorthPoint deal could be seen as a provocative affront to Verizon's unions, which have been trying to organize the company's Internet operation.
Exxon Mobil and its partners say they can offer the Papua New Guinea gas at competitive prices, but potential buyers worry about getting gas from the area.
On Tuesday, almost immediately after Rick Wagoner, the chairman and chief executive of General Motors, said he planned to cut 25,000 jobs at the company, analysts were saying it was not enough.
Aetna distributes reports to each of its physicians once or twice a year, telling them how their treatment of several prominent medical problems compares with that of their peers.
In the last three months, Pfizer's shares have fallen about 9 percent.
But a federal appeals court ruling in June, which upheld most of a lower court's findings against Microsoft, strongly suggested that a breakup remedy was not appropriate in the Microsoft case.
European Commission threatens Microsoft with millions of euros in fines in long-running antitrust dispute, saying company is demanding unreasonable royalties from rivals seeking to link their software to Windows operating system; Microsoft says it has been trying to cooperate (M)
Regulators and scientists seeking to explain the cases of red cell aplasia have focused on the Puerto Rico plant, and Johnson & Johnson's competitors -- mainly Amgen of Thousand Oaks, Calif., and Roche of Switzerland -- say the problem is specific to Eprex, not to their EPO drugs.
While Bristol-Myers and ImClone bickered over who was to blame for the application disaster, ImClone's European partner, Merck K.G.a.A., oversaw a crucial test of the drug's effect on colorectal cancer.
Pfizer said it had not yet committed itself to selling the unit and could still decide to retain it.
Anthony T. Hebron, a spokesman for Kellogg in Battle Creek, Mich., said that the cereals, to be introduced in March, would be sold in resealable bags rather than boxes and would be based on recipes from actual country inns in New England, the Southeast and the West Coast.
The board said it heard evidence that Wal-Mart had made no real effort to find another tenant to assume its 20-year lease on the store and that the building had neither been sold nor demolished.
During the 1990's, while Mr. Jobs was in exile from the company, Apple flirted with broadening its market by licensing the Macintosh operating system to companies that made systems that were Macintosh compatible.
Boeing Co says it will probably cut production of its 747 jumbo jet next year because of weakening demand from Asian airlines; company says it still faces difficulties meeting demand for new version of its popular 737 narrow-body jet; company recently began producing 737's at pace of 14 a month, up from 7 a month (M)
Intel's stock, which had closed at $21.63, up 20 cents, in regular trading, fell $1.64 to $19.99 in after-hours trading, a loss of nearly 7.6 percent.
Mr. Bell acknowledged the criticism that he has had little visibility as the Interpublic vice chairman for the last 20 months, during which time he handled duties like the oversight of a division known as the Partnership.
It has a full-time staff looking for unique products to offer under the Staples brand, and it is testing the idea of a service to troubleshoot computer problems for small businesses.
In addition to Mr. Amelio, Ellen Hancock, Apple's executive vice president for technology, also resigned yesterday.
Apple said its investigation also ''raised serious concerns'' about the activities of two other former Apple officers, but a company statement released last week did not name them.
Microchip Technology will cut its work force by 12 percent, or about 400 employees, and trim production by 24 percent; photo (S)
Even before Chevron and its partners confirmed the discovery last week, the Government Accountability Office, the investigative arm of Congress, had estimated that the Treasury could lose as much as $20 billion over the next 25 years.
SBC Communications emerges as only major Internet service provider that has so far refused to identify computer users whom music industry suspects of copyright infringement; major high-speed Internet providers, including BellSouth, Comcast, EarthLink, Time Warner Cable and Verizon, have compiled more than 1,000 subpoenas from Record Industry Association of America to turn over names of their customers who are otherwise known only by murky screen names and numeric Internet Protocol addresses used in cyberspace; SBC has received about 300 such subpoenas and has refused to answer them (M)
Amazon.com has recently made efforts to cut back on its marketing expenses such as its deal with Yahoo.
While analysts said that Humana and United Healthcare, of Minneapolis, would both prosper independently, the collapse of the deal left investors and analysts wondering what might have been.
State moves to cancel liquor license of Whole Foods Market at Timer Warner Center in Manhattan, contending it is selling wine out of grocery store; store files not-guilty plea; photo (M)
(Mr. Mars says that Wal-Mart's efforts with its law firms have nothing to do with the litigation against the company.)
The inability of Unix developers to agree on a pure standard allowed Microsoft to establish Windows as the dominant maker of desktop computer software.
''To some extent, Oracle and PeopleSoft are fighting this battle on the backs of their customers,'' said Lo Apotheker, SAP's president for global field operations, who is spearheading the effort.
General Electric will unveil new light bulb that company says will make colors appear more vivid; Royal Philips Electronics NV accuses company of acting irresponsibly because bulb is not energy efficient; bulb, called Reveal, filters out red, yellow and green light with chemical element called neodymium, rare-earth metal used in coloring of glass (M)
Interpublic posts a quarterly loss and says it expects more costly moves to get expenses in line.
The company said it would stop building two narrow-body aircraft that compete with the Boeing 737, the MD-80 and MD-90, after current orders are filled in mid-1999.
The service comes after a decision earlier this year that prompted thousands of eBay store owners to leave the site.
Correction:  June 24, 2004, Thursday  A front-page article yesterday about a sex discrimination lawsuit against Wal-Mart misstated the change in the forecast for the price of the company's stock made by Emme P. Kozloff, a retailing analyst with Sanford C. Bernstein.
Kodak's earnings woes reflect the fact that while the company has often said that its future is hitched to the star of digital photography, its current fiscal health is heavily dependent on its mainstay conventional film business.
On Wednesday Cisco and Huawei announced an agreement to suspend the lawsuit for six months.
In his lawsuit, Mr. Lynn asserts that ''the factory certification process was designed only to create the impression that Wal-Mart was producing its goods under humane working conditions when, in fact, working conditions at the factories were terrible and violated the rules and regulations of Wal-Mart.''
In the Microsoft antitrust case, the longtime adversaries traded charges once more, depicting even their apparent armistice in 1997 as a kind of corporate hostage deal.
But the big battle was over Boeing's long-term contracts to be the exclusive supplier of aircraft to American Airlines, Delta Air Lines and Continental Airlines.
Softbank has been under pressure to raise cash to service its debt, and Yahoo and Yahoo Japan are among the most valuable holdings in its portfolio.
Intel, based in Santa Clara, Calif., became the latest high-technology bellwether to suggest that the troubles facing the industry last year abated somewhat toward the end of the year.
Decision by Carl H Ware, highest-ranking black executive at Coca-Cola Cola, to retire as senior vice president at end of next year will result in entirely white and entirely male team in charge of company's operations; development troubles some involved in civil rights in Atlanta, as well as people who know Ware, former Atlanta City Council member, and who say his resignation follows long period of frustration over his treatment at company, where he worked for 25 years; decision also comes as Coca-Cola is facing racial-discrimination lawsuit brought by four black employees in April over issues that include promotions and pay rises; photo (M)
The Softbank Corporation, trying to meet its debt payments and to expand its broadband business, sold part of its stakes in Yahoo and UTStarcom Inc. Softbank sold 5 percent of both companies, leaving it with 9 percent of Yahoo, the American Internet search company, and 26 percent of UTStarcom, a telecommunications equipment maker.
The government's breakup proposal makes no recommendation for how Microsoft's research group would be treated; that would be decided later.
''I also heard a Mayday from a company on the first floor in the Marriott, and I responded to them and I told them, 'We're going to get you out,' then we were starting to cut with the saws.''
For its most recent quarter, which ended on March 28, Apple reported a net loss of $708 million, compared with a deficit of $740 million a year earlier.
But for months, the company, which spends huge sums for advertising and endorsements by big-name athletes, has responded increasingly forcefully to complaints about its employment practices, as student groups have demanded that universities doing business with Nike hold it to higher standards.
17 on the list with 87,000 downloads, was a preliminary version of Microsoft's Windows Media Player 9, which offers copy-protection technologies designed to thwart illegal distribution of entertainment on the Internet.
Still, Mr. Weill's take-home pay was but a fraction of all he reaped last year from his association with Citigroup.
A conference call with Wall Street analysts, when Motorola executives are expected to offer additional details of the Asian weakness on the company's individual businesses, is scheduled for this morning.
The discussions, which were described as Mr. Purcell's idea, came as Morgan Stanley's largest shareholders continue to put pressure on the board.
Today, unlike most other companies that lost many people, Marsh & McLennan -- the largest insurance broker in the world -- refuses to talk about Sept. 11 and its aftermath.
New Judge Is Sought  SAN FRANCISCO, April 2 (Bloomberg News) -- Microsoft is seeking to have Sun Microsystems's antitrust case taken out of the hands of a federal judge who gave Sun several victories in an earlier contract dispute.
and Citigroup officials could not agree on a settlement.
The Interpublic Group of Companies in New York said yesterday in a regulatory filing that it was facing several new lawsuits from shareholders.
In future deals, Citigroup will not finance commercial logging in rain forests or projects that harm indigenous populations and will report the greenhouse gas emissions of the energy projects it does finance, the bank and the environmental group will announce.
''Yes, business was weak to begin with, though things were actually picking up before the Sept. 11 tragedy,'' said Jessica Reif Cohen, a media analyst at Merrill Lynch, who reduced her estimates for the News Corporation weeks ago.
Maurice R Greenberg, who built American International Group into global insurance powerhouse, and shaped entire industry during nearly 40 years at company's helm, steps down as chief executive after series of run-ins with regulators raise questions about its complex and often obscure operations; his exit comes after lengthy discussions by company's directors in recent days and appears intended to avert head-on collision with SEC and New York Atty Gen Eliot Spitzer; Greenberg had been scheduled to appear for deposition in Spitzer's office to answer questions about transaction that regulators say may have artificially bolstered company's financial position (L)
The filing said that there were no shredders installed in the room, where Coca-Cola's defense in the lawsuit was being assembled, although bins for ''confidential refuse'' were put there.
*Microsoft -- ran afoul of advocates for privacy rights when it included a personal identifier in the Windows 98 operating system that critics denounced as a name tag that could follow everyone through cyberspace.
Local economists say they know of no big projects that have been scuttled because of Microsoft's dive.
Two months ago, E.ON shocked Southern by announcing that it would sell its controlling stake in the Berlin utility to Hamburg's main power company, which is partly controlled by Vattenfall.
Broadcom says Intel's patent infringement lawsuit against it is specious litigation aimed at discouraging Intel employees from seeking jobs at Broadcom; says it has not infringed upon any Intel patents (S)
Claude M. Bolton Jr., the assistant Army secretary in charge of buying weapons, testified that the program was so complex that to meet constraints of time and money, the use of the rules exempting Boeing from truth-in-negotiating laws was the right approach.
But the dialogue stops on the subject of Verizon's consultant.
In an interview, Mr. Hall said that the overcharge calculation could well be higher, depending on what assumptions are used, so that the total damage caused by Microsoft's practices in recent years could be more than $7 billion.
He also denied Microsoft's motion that the proceedings before Mr. Lessig be suspended pending an appeal.
At this point, it appears that no one, not even Mr. Armstrong, can predict what will happen to AT&T's cable business, the nation's biggest.
Because Cisco acted as lender in a lot of those purchases, the company lost tens of millions of dollars on the deals when many of those start-up companies went bankrupt.
Gap Inc, clothing retailer, reports sales in stores open at least year fell 12 percent in July, compared with 1 percent decline in July 2000; decline is steeper than many analysts predicted and affected every division; sales declines also reported by Marshall Fields department store division of Target Corp, Abercrombie & Fitch and Children's Place; increases reported by Wal-Mart, Kmart and BJ's Wholesale Club; photo; chart; list (M)
Main online travel stocks--Expedia, Priceline and Travelocity--are down for second consecutive day; declining stock prices reflect general fear among investors that any companies with ties to air travel could be entering protracted revenue slump (M)
But tobacco is once again tarnishing Kraft, as investors have grown fearful that the food company may have to provide cash to its parent, renamed the Altria Group, to cover tobacco litigation bills.
Yet the real blow came when Intel engineers disclosed last May that the company had hit a technical wall in chip development and that simply building faster chips was causing severe heat problems.
The changes, which Wal-Mart's chief executive, H. Lee Scott Jr., plans to announce formally on Sunday before a meeting of the nation's governors, underscore how big a political and public relations threat the health care issue has become for the company, the nation's largest private employer.
Intel said it expected revenue for the second quarter of 1997 to be flat to slightly higher, and that gross profit margin percentage would be flat to slightly down from 64 percent in the first quarter.
In a rare display of public displeasure, the General Motors Corporation has expressed dismay at the recent hiring by the Publicis Groupe of a senior G.M.
Microsoft has no intention of ever charging for licenses to use or distribute its browser.
On that day, they say, Microsoft made Netscape an illegal offer to divvy up the market for Internet browsing software, a collusion pact that Netscape rejected.
Flaws, Corning's chief financial officer, says the company will not buy back stock anytime soon, and some analysts are disappointed.
Microsoft criticizes European Commission for way it conducted compliance review; insists it complied with antitrust requirements despite commission's stance that it has not; company faces fines of 2 million euros per day; 75-page response claims commission refused to clearly define requirements and concerns despite repeated requests from Microsoft; commission ruled in 2004 that Microsoft violated monopoly rules and ordered software company to change its business practices in Europe (M)
In the meantime, while Boeing has sold four 767 tankers to the Italians and four more to the Japanese, Airbus has beaten Boeing in contests for five Australian tankers, and about a dozen more tankers for Britain.
Coca-Cola plants in Antwerp and Ghent ''may resume production of all Coca-Cola brands,'' he continued,  while imports from the plant in Dunkirk will remain banned pending French investigations.
For Wal-Mart, the ads represent a significant departure from its practice of rebutting critics in the media but presenting itself, at least in consumer television marketing, as untroubled by its image problems.
Computer Associates' stock plunges after Moody's Investors Service says it might lower rating of company's bond because its cash flow is falling; shares fall $4.25, or 13.5 percent, to $27.12 (M)
Compared with other wireless spectrum auctions abroad, the price paid by Verizon has struck analysts as unusually high.
Boeing Reported Set to Settle Bias Lawsuit for $15 Million
Aggressive at cutting costs, Mr. Johnson presided over Campbell as its stock rose nearly sixfold in eight years, to a high of more than $60 in 1998.
Standard & Poor's lowered the Ford Motor Company's debt to its lowest investment grade rating on Wednesday, reflecting skepticism about the company's turnaround plan and a gloomy view of the domestic auto industry.
Further, the city invited residents to complete a survey documenting their cellphone service problems by carrier, which did not please Verizon executives.
IBP Inc, nation's biggest meatpacker, says it would begin talks with Tyson Foods on its $2.8 billion cash-and-stock takeover offer; Tyson's offer tops $2.7 billion all-stock bid by Smithfield Foods, but analysts see little difference between two offers; note that opening talks with Tyson will put pressure on Smithfield to consider raising its bid (M)
Corning Inc reports loss of $4.76 billion in second quarter; sales increased 5 percent, to $1.87 billion; net income for second quarter last year was $149 million; photo (M)
''Merck will never find an easier case to win.''
A former Bank of America broker who was acquitted last month on 29 of 33 criminal charges tied to improper trading of mutual funds, faces a retrial on the four counts on which jurors could not agree, lawyers in the case said yesterday.
Mr. Masinter said one potentially thorny issue in the Target suit was whether phone services offered by online merchants were suitable substitutions for the Web site when the site did not work well for technologies like screen-reading software.
The Microsoft-Century Strategies lobbying effort had just begun.
About the same time, Bank of America's name surfaced in a growing number of financial scandals.
Vivendi Universal may sell the Canal Plus operations outside France now that it can no longer afford the units' chronic losses, and it appears to be close to a deal to sell the Italian pay TV unit Telepiu to the News Corporation of Rupert Murdoch, effectively handing control of that market to its archrival.
Stanley T. Sigman, president and chief executive of wireless for AT&T, said the company planned to open more megastores as soon as demand warranted.
The suspension was imposed after the Air Force found that Boeing had violated federal law by stealing more than 25,000 documents from the Lockheed Martin Corporation as the two companies competed for a rocket launch contract in 1998.
In a letter sent yesterday to a lawyer for MySpace, a division of the News Corporation, attorneys general from eight states said the company had not done enough to block sexual predators from the service and had failed to cooperate with the authorities.
In a statement tonight, the Justice Department said, ''Microsoft's proposal would unnecessarily delay proceedings and postpone resolution of the appeal.''
General Motors challenged Ford today to a battle over which company can deliver bigger improvements in fuel economy, particularly for sport utility vehicles, the least efficient vehicles of all.
In a series of announcements and agreements in California Texas and other states, Aetna has begun to drop certain practices that have angered doctors, including an ''all products'' rule that forced Aetna physicians to accept low-paying H.M.O.
Moody's Investors Service today downgraded Connecticut's bond rating, citing the state's continuing decline in revenue, lack of available reserves and relatively high debt levels.
And one of the big business stories of last week -- James E. Dimon's resignation from Citigroup on Nov. 1, a Sunday -- was a test of deadline mettle.
DuPont Looking to Displace Fossil Fuels as Building Blocks of Chemicals
AT&T, the No.
Those results, widely viewed as devastating, further clarified what the Intel Corporation's modest revenue shortfall on Tuesday only hinted at -- that the pricing environment for microprocessors, the silicon brains of personal computers, is the worst it has ever been.
General Electric plans to fight the proposal, as does the Citizen Environmentalists Against Sludge Encapsulation, a local group known by its acronym, Cease.
Analysis of Comcast Corp's unsolicited offer to acquire AT&T Corp's cable empire holds sale would be deflating denouement to AT&T chairman C Michael Armstrong's tenure at company's helm; says upshot is that if final chapter of Armstrong's professional story is defined by sale to Comcast, he will have only himself to blame; photo (M)
Monday's announcement comes less than a week after three senior Citigroup executives in New York were forced to resign because of the problems at the private banking operation in Japan.
In a statement, the parent company, Marsh & McLennan Companies, said: ''We take very seriously the allegations made by Attorney General Spitzer.''
The tumult has been vexing Interpublic and its shareholders, clients and employees continually since August as Mr. Dooner struggled to steer the company through the accounting and earnings problems, along with trouble at some operations devoted to nonadvertising specialties like motor-sports marketing, corporate identity and promotions.
Ford Motor Co and Congressional investigators say Bridgestone/Firestone tire defect blamed for 88 deaths, mainly in Ford Explorers, eluded detection for so long because it occurred infrequently, even though it proved deadlier than many problems that occur more often in vehicles; deadliness of tire problems, combined with low rate of warranty claims for poor quality tires, is focusing attention on whether design of Explorer makes it especially vulnerable; investigators distribute copies of internal Ford memo from March 1999 that showed that Firestone opposed tire recall in Saudi Arabia for fear that tire maker would have to report it to US regulators; Ford says it decided to recall Explorers in Saudi Arabia at its expense to replace tires; Ford also says it did not tell US regulators about decision after Firestone assured it that rate of accident claims on identical tires in US was average; graph; chart (M)
Bank of America said yesterday that it planned to leave two businesses that have had disappointing results, auto leasing and  mortgage lending to borrowers with poor credit histories.
Recent sexual harassment and discrimination suits against Merrill and the Salomon Smith Barney unit of Citigroup were filed in federal court without the commission's intervention.
Microsoft vigorously denies Mr. Glaser's version of the recent conflict between the two companies.
Mr. Greenwald, who kept ''Outfoxed'' secret from the Fox network until just before its release, said he had kept his Wal-Mart project under wraps until now, and would not reveal details about his project until it is finished in a few months, lest Wal-Mart try to interfere through litigation or by intimidating workers from cooperating.
But while sales of Macs to schools are rising, many of those  machines are sold to replace aging Apple II computers, which Apple stopped manufacturing several years ago.
Microsoft's behavior has perplexed many industry experts.
Apple's Options Disclosures Fail to Resolve Questions
There would not appear to be any serious regulatory problems with a potential Comcast-AT&T cable deal, partly because a key federal rule limiting the size of cable companies was struck down by a federal court earlier this year.
But behind the scenes, senior General Mills executives have reportedly been upset about the considerable attention that the fight had attracted even before the lawsuit was filed.
Con Edison is no Banana Republic, Hanes hosiery, Tommy Hilfiger or Donna Karan, to name just a few of the most familiar AG clients.
Mr. Stahl had recently been among the executives who had discussed Coke's plans with investors and analysts, and the company's proxy statement, which was issued on Friday, made no mention of his resignation.
Experts at National Transportation Safety Board hearing into crash of TWA Flight 800 note dozens of Boeing 747's are flying far longer than Boeing expected, with only limited attention to aging of their components; say more intensive inspection could damage wiring, increasing risk; Boeing aide says planes have no specific life limit, if maintained properly; diagrams (M)
In pursuit of this goal, Microsoft sought to convince developers to concentrate on Windows-specific API'sS and ignore interfaces exposed by the two incarnations of middleware that posed the greatest threat, namely, Netscape's Navigator Web browser and Sun's implementation of the Java technology.
Mr. Stewart contended that ''the version of Windows Microsoft is proposing to sell has technical problems that render it less functional than the existing version of Windows.''
Toyota's chief executive Katsuaki Watanabe, who was named to be caretaker until Akio Toyoda, great-grandson of company's founder, takes charge, has been raising his profile, stepping out as leader of company that may soon supplant General Motors as world's biggest automaker; is still having trouble in some quarters shaking his reputation as placeholder chief executive; his recent visit to new San Antonio plant, where he wowed employees during rollout of Tundra pickup truck, detailed; photos (L)
They must compete against Apple's own retail outlets for sales and the gross profit margins are slim, less than 15 percent.
But when an eBay fraud artist hijacked his identity in early 2002 to sell nonexistent computers, PayPal froze his account, and Mr. Resnick, who lived in Hoboken at the time, set out on a long and frustrating course to undo the damage, prove his innocence and reclaim his money.
Computers running the Duron, which challenges Intel's Celeron processor in the lower end of the chip market, will be available in the fourth quarter, the company said.
Her managers responded that there was a risk that the company could lose sales, the employee said, but that they believed other pharmaceutical companies would soon join Merck.
Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly, the federal district judge who is considering what restrictions to impose on Microsoft's future conduct, must decide whether to approve the settlement -- which its critics view as just a slap on the wrist -- or add some of the provisions proposed by the nine dissenting states.
Apple Corps -- which is owned by Ringo Starr; Paul McCartney; John Lennon's widow, Yoko Ono; and the estate of George Harrison -- has so far refused to license the Beatles' music catalog for digital sales.
Market Place column on outlook for acquisition of what remains of AT&T by big local phone company; cites low implied market valuation of AT&T's core local and long-distance phone units (M)
If performance does not improve, you can try resetting the iBook's Power Manager Unit, an integrated circuit typically found on the logic board of an Apple iBook or PowerBook.
That decline stemmed from continued bad news from Intel's major customers, the makers of personal computers.
A civil lawsuit filed in 1995 by Michelle Greenwald, a former Mattel executive who contended she was wrongfully terminated, has been given new life by the California appeals court.
Heavily Pressured Time Warner Puts ABC Back on Cable, for Now
PeopleSoft's board rejects latest offer from Oracle to acquire company, saying even that $9.4 billion, bid undervalues company; PeopleSoft's chief executive Craig Conway comments (M)
Intel executives also said they had no plans to slow their pace of acquisitions.
But in their discussions with the commission, Intel presented several more traditional legal arguments based on its interpretation of antitrust law.
John C. Malone, the media mogul, resigned from AT&T's board on Monday, a month earlier than he had planned, after he was excluded from the board's consideration of the Comcast talks.
The European Commission, the regulatory arm of the European Union, has reopened an investigation into accusations that Intel violated antitrust regulations by using illegal sales tactics in the chip market.
In fiscal 2000 alone, Microsoft made 100 such investments totaling $5.4 billion.
In a letter yesterday to Ralph and Brian Roberts, the father-and-son team that controls Comcast, C. Michael Armstrong, AT&T's chairman, said the board had rejected Comcast's unsolicited $44.5 billion offer after it ''determined that your proposal does not reflect the full value of AT&T Broadband'' -- AT&T's name for its cable unit.
He forced Paul Maritz, a group vice president at Microsoft who is a product and marketing whiz (but not an economist), to defend the company's thinnest economic argument -- that it is not a monopoly.
American International Group's chief executive Martin J Sullivan, chief financial officer Donald P Kanak and Edmund S W Tse, senior vice president for life insurance, resign from C V Starr & Co, private holding company run by Maurice R Greenberg, who was forced out as chairman and chief executive of AIG; regulators and lawyers involved in investigation into AIG's use of transactions to dress up its financial data have expressed concern that Greenberg would use his position at such affiliated private companies to still hold sway at AIG; AIG spokesman Chris Winans says resignations are step in efforts of AIG, C V Starr and Starr International to reach amicable resolution of interrelationships of companies; New York State Atty Gen Eliot Spitzer says 'civil resolution' with AIG could eventually be achieved (M)
During an earnings conference last month, however, the chief of investor relations at Johnson & Johnson, Helen E. Short, said recent negative publicity about the drug had modestly diminished sales.
In a class-action lawsuit in Colorado, Wal-Mart reportedly paid $50 million two years ago to settle a case involving 69,000 workers in that state.
''Nor has Microsoft violated the privacy or security of any AIM users.''
Until now, Microsoft has presented computer users with the parts that performed critical computer tasks: the dominant Windows operating system, on which programs -- including AOL -- run; MSN, the network that connects users to the Internet; the Internet Explorer browser, which enables them to reach sites on the Web; and the Windows media player, which permits them to use audio and video.
Apple Posts Results That Narrowly Miss Analysts' Estimates
Early reports traced the problem to failures at FirstEnergy transmission lines in Ohio.
And at Morgan Stanley, he has argued that the model of the firm's bankers distributing their investment products through his Dean Witter brokers remains vital.
Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc, in court papers disclosed this week, is accused of engaging in fraud, wiretapping and other tactics in effort to drive Clinton, Md-based soft-drink distributor B K Miller out of business; B K Miller contends, among other things, that lawyers for Coca-Cola Enterprises submitted false reports to a Federal court from private investigation company in attempt to prove that B K Miller illegally shipped Coke products outside its assigned sales territory; spokeswoman for Coca-Cola calls allegations 'totally without merit' and adds it is policy of Coca-Cola to fully comply with all laws; jury trial is scheduled to begin on Sept 14 (M)
Mr. Rost said his lawyers had proposed the severance package only in response to Pfizer's request that they specify something, adding, ''I have never asked for any money'' to drop the suit.
Cummins's shares are up 29 percent for the year, though they have fallen 14.7 percent in recent weeks.
The Standard Oil analogy was just one of several skeptical questions and remarks Judge Jackson aimed at Microsoft's lawyer in court today.
Less than three weeks after Merck withdrew its arthritis painkiller Vioxx from the market because it increased the risk of heart attacks, Pfizer announced plans yesterday to test if its best-selling painkiller Celebrex, which is in the same class of drugs as Vioxx, can do the opposite -- help prevent heart attacks.
At a hearing on the lawsuit yesterday in San Francisco, Judge Vaughn R. Walker rejected an AT&T request to force the plaintiffs to return the documents.
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter, the nation's largest securities firm, suspended two executives yesterday in connection with a $10,000 payment that led to the arrest of a former employee.
Besides, the price tag for the Vodafone stake -- about $40 billion, and possibly more -- could alarm credit agencies and investors who are already worried about the cost of Verizon's plan to extend fiber optic cables to six million homes by the end of 2006, and the integration of the long-distance carrier, MCI, which Verizon bought in January for $8.5 billion.
Hardly, says Mr. McCue, who looks back at the Microsoft-Netscape confrontation as a pragmatic capitalist, not as a lawyer.
Four banks agree to absorb some losses stemming from Mexico's banking crisis of mid-1990's, ending dispute with regulators; they are Citigroup's Banamex unit, HSBC, Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria's Mexican bank known as BBVA-Bancomer and Mexican bank Banorte; will absorb about $826 million in bad loans and allow limited audit of some $600 million in questionable loans; agree to open sealed working papers from 1998 audit; legislators believe those papers may reveal additional questionable loans; press reports estimate total loss for banks could reach $1.5 billion (M)
At the moment, a domestic battle rages for control of the Netflix queue, which can be revised and reshuffled at any time.
The Internet was the backdrop for the National Basketball Association's unsuccessful court fight to keep Motorola and a sports data service from sending game information to their subscribers' pagers.
Microsoft probably has many things to worry about at this moment other than a small start-up company in Texas with a relatively cheap, underpowered computer that has limited software, a clumsy mouse and a mediocre visual display.
AT&T added that even that figure would be too high if a pending dispute could not be resolved with one of the companies that provides billing services for the cable operation.
Boeing also said that it expected the demand for the 777, which sits between 305 and 386 passengers, to pick up in 2000, when the company expects production to return to seven a month.
In a telephone interview yesterday, Greg Maffei, Microsoft's chief financial officer, said he thought the uncertainty about the judge's finding had been at least as damaging to the share price as the finding itself.
Coca-Cola, IBM and Citigroup, sponsors of Masters Golf Tournament, argue that they sponsor event, not Augusta National Golf Club, in effort to avoid controversy surrounding National Council of Women's Organizations attempts to pressure club to allow women members (M)
The company's stock is trading at 20 times that estimate, and Mr. Appleby said American Express could pay as much as 30 times earnings in a stock-for-stock acquisition.
In 1993, General Motors hired Mr. Webster to conduct an internal inquiry into whether it had destroyed documents relating to the safety of pickup trucks that had been made from 1973 to 1987 and that had fuel tanks mounted outside the vehicles' frames.
Aggressive pricing of film has helped Fuji Photo Film Co build brand name in US as Eastman Kodak Co accuses Fuji of colluding with Japanese Government to keep Kodak film out of Japan and of waging price war on film in US; many analysts say pricing is not main factor and that Fuji has better marketing than Kodak; graph (L)
The agency's scrutiny of Boston Scientific's manufacturing comes in the wake of recalls and damaging disclosures by Guidant about fatal product defects that company executives evidently knew about long before notifying doctors.
And he used every public forum he could to stress the underlying health and stability of Pfizer's stock.
Microsoft Swats at Stealthy Web Bugs
Wal-Mart will hold seminars to coach the businesses on how to compete with the giant discount stores -- by, for example, intensifying customer service, for which Wal-Mart often receives low marks.
Boston Scientific said yesterday that a ruling by a Dutch appeals court would block the production, use and sale in the Netherlands of drug-coated stents made by Johnson & Johnson's Cordis subsidiary.
''We were not able to reach the scale we wanted to in the long term,'' said Theresa Miller, a Prudential spokeswoman.
On Monday, The Wall Street Journal published an article that made its way into at least two regional editions and speculated that Mr. Dimon was being groomed for the position of chairman of Citigroup -- after he had already resigned.
Time Warner's stock has not moved much since Mr. Icahn began his fight.
But the drug, Natrecor, made by the Scios unit of Johnson & Johnson, has also become widely used by thousands of patients in outpatient clinics around the country, where heart failure patients receive regular infusions, sometimes weekly or more often, over several months.
Likewise, the News Corporation may be trying to exploit Vivendi's current weakness to win a lower price for Telepi.
France told Coca-Cola to stop shipping cans and bottles from a plant in Dunkirk, near the Belgian border, where some of the contaminated Cokes originated, and the Netherlands banned all Coke products coming from Belgium.
The firm noted that Citigroup posted $80 million in pretax losses on mortgage servicing hedges and had lower income in its asset management business because of legal costs and other factors.
Video game industry analysts said the deal indicated that Electronic Arts took the threat seriously and was responding like an awakened giant.
In 1994, one industry executive said, Compaq had the consulting firm, McKinsey & Company, study the potential for shell programs -- a development that alarmed William H. Gates, the Microsoft chairman, when he heard of it, the executive said.
A quick end to the strike by more than 86,000 employees of Verizon Communications, the nation's largest telecommunications employer, appeared out of the grasp of negotiators yesterday after unions rejected parts of the company's latest proposal.
For pension purposes, Halliburton treated the workers as if they had resigned.
In June, Citigroup settled a shareholder lawsuit with former Enron stockholders for $2 billion, but the money was already in reserves so it did not have an effect on earnings.
In the Morgan Stanley settlement, the confidentiality pact is in Paragraph No.
Citigroup said yesterday that the Securities and Exchange Commission was investigating possible accounting irregularities related to its banking business in Argentina from 2001 to 2003, a period when Citigroup was plagued by huge loan losses and Argentina was grappling with political and economic turmoil.
To support that, he cited a national survey published by two other Microsoft-financed groups: Citizens Against Government Waste and the Technology Access Action Coalition.
Apparently, Tiffany did not want to go into the family business.
''The phrase 'I'm lovin' it' is becoming part of the language,'' said Larry Light, executive vice president and global chief marketing officer at McDonald's, based in Oak Brook, Ill. ''The campaign, the attitude and all of our integrated marketing have helped dramatically.''
The Orioles also charged that Comcast illegally sought equity in M.A.S.N.
But Boeing does not have clear sailing in Washington, either.
The trial -- which opened in a courtroom wired to the Internet and brimming with video screens, laptops and iPods but devoid of wigs, robes or Apple's chief executive, Steven P. Jobs -- is the latest in a series of disputes between Apple Computer and Apple Corps.
But he acknowledged that if the economy failed to rebound next year, Microsoft would be unlikely to continue to defy gravity.
Mr. Nocera said that former Bank of America executives told him that Mr. Williams was forced out, but he said that Mr. Williams insisted in a personal interview that this was not true.
News Corporation is already vulnerable to a slowdown in advertiser spending with its holdings in broadcast and cable networks and newspapers.
The lower figure indicates that Microsoft is not the impregnable fortress depicted in the antitrust trial, Mr. McKenzie writes in a paper that presents the results of his survey.
Many drug analysts and executives thought that Novartis might try to take over American Home Products after Pfizer made a hostile bid for Warner-Lambert last week.
''When Procter & Gamble loses jobs, we lose customers.''
Even so, the digital revolution is not all doom and gloom for Kodak.
In the document, ''The Internet Tidal Wave,'' which was widely circulated within Microsoft, Mr. Gates called Netscape a ''new competitor 'born' on the Internet'' and said Netscape's strategy was to ''commoditize the underlying operating system'' -- a direct threat to Microsoft's lucrative business.
Microsoft's product pricing, Mr. Fisher testified, should be viewed as part of a ''broader campaign to eliminate Netscape's browser and Java as sources of potential competition to Microsoft's operating system monopoly -- a campaign characterized by actions by which Microsoft lost money in order to raise rivals' costs and exclude them from the market.''
For instance, many of the suits argue that Microsoft illegally abused its monopoly in its Windows operating systems to overcharge consumers for applications like Excel spread sheets, Microsoft Word or other products outside the focus of the federal trial.
For Yahoo, an acquisition of Facebook would solve many problems.
''We're going to allow individuals to manage their data instead of letting their information be exploited by marketers,'' said Richard Purcell, Microsoft's chief privacy officer.
Lawrence J. Ellison, Oracle's chief executive and co-founder, said that with the slowing economy, his customers were nervous about their own profits and refused to approve planned technology purchases.
The Gap brand has suffered sluggish sales for its apparel aimed at younger buyers compared with rivals like American Eagle Outfitters and J.
Experts question appeals court stand that private antitrust suits by customers could curb Microsoft's behavior when available government remedies are limited; note none of dozens of pending suits are set for trial within next year; say consumers are likely to have hard time proving they were hurt by company's actions and are unlikely to win kind of huge judgments that could shape Microsoft's future behavior (M)
After Netscape declined the deal, the Government says, Microsoft embarked on a campaign to crush Netscape, the early leader in the browser market, and stifle competition.
The Walt Disney Company said today that its board had endorsed a plan by the chief executive, Michael D. Eisner, to address problems at the ailing company.
But, ChevronTexaco argues, the plaintiffs are ignoring PetroEcuador to go after the deeper pockets of ChevronTexaco.
Merck said last week that it would no longer sell Vioxx because a study showed a higher risk of heart attacks and strokes among patients who had taken it for longer than 18 months.
AT&T already buries its cables with protective devices, but until now, it says, these have been inconvenient and have made the job more costly.
John Faulkner, a Campbell's spokesman, said the company saw no need to eliminate genetically engineered ingredients because they were as ''equally nutritious and equally safe'' as nonmodified ones.
Comcast's acquisitive strategy has punished its shares in recent months as investors appeared to worry about the company's onerous debt load.
Peter F Brooke letter on June 7 editorial on Goldman Sachs chief exec Henry M Paulson's call for corporate governance reforms; holds they are noteworthy because they are constructive and because 'they will be unwelcome' in many boardrooms
Some analysts suggest that arbitragers are selling Xerox equity short and buying bonds, with the idea that if the company goes bankrupt, the short positions will pay off, while bondholders will at least recover something.
But he added: ''What's a bit confusing is why VeriSign needed to own this company as opposed to being a marketing partner.
As a result, he said Moody's had decided to put Computer Associates' bond ratings on review for a possible lowering.
Most notably, he removed BBC news programs from his Star TV service because it had produced a series of tough critical documentaries on Chinese politics.
But some industry analysts expressed doubts about the reasons for Verizon's position, given that the directory is voluntary.
''People don't say, 'I want to see user-generated content,' '' said Lloyd Braun, who runs Yahoo's media group.
What is less clear is what effect the decision will have on a bitter rivalry between Microsoft and Liberate Technologies, the two preferred software providers for AT&T's interactive cable network.
(General Electric's financial news network, CNBC, is in just as bad shape in the ratings, but it is still a sizable cash generator that the company expects will rebound with the economy.)
Disaster At Corning: At Least the Balance Sheet Is Strong
Joseph A Fried, lawyer who obtained numerous internal Ford Motor Co documents as part of civil suit, says Ford Mustang repeatedly failed Ford's internal crash tests for fuel tank integrity while it was being redesigned in early 1990's, but it met broader company guidelines and production version later passed government tests; although Ford officials acknowledge that Mustang did fail some tests, they strongly disagree there are any problems with Mustang's design, pointing out that it passed 1996 test conducted by National Highway Traffic Safety Administration; Fried has filed suit for family of Daniele Wright, who died from burn injuries suffered after collision involving her 1996 Mustang convertible (M)
The battle is sure to be protracted unless Pfizer is prepared to drop the conditions of its offer or sweeten its bid, analysts said.
Ultimately, Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly of the Federal District Court will decide what restrictions to impose on Microsoft.
But with Bank of America's announcement on Monday that it will acquire Fleet in a $48 billion deal, the Fleet name may soon disappear from the cityscape it now dominates.
Some analysts who watch the Mexican market predict that Taesa could eventually move into the No.
Bridgestone/ Firestone Inc says it made 27.5 million Firestone Steeltex tires, brand that federal regulators began investigating on Sept 29 after receiving 169 complaints of tire failure; General Motors Corp says it put tires on some of its 1994 to 2001 Chevrolet and GMC full-size sport utility vehicles and pickup trucks and some of its 1996 to 2001 Chevrolet and GMC full-size and one-tone passenger and cargo vans (S)
AOL Time Warner Inc chairman Stephen M Case speaks publicly about his role at company for first time since July, when poor current performance of AOL division and accusations of potentially overstated revenue began to arouse shareholder ire at his part of AOL's acquisition of Time Warner; seems to strike balance at Goldman Sachs investors conference, conveying that he was making positive difference to company while emphasizing that chief executive Richard D Parsons was in control of day-to-day operations (Market Place column) (M)
While the limited partners put up the money, Marriott set the terms for the purchase of the hotels.
Indeed, Xerox executives have had their share of worries over their lack of consumer experience.
''It's not good for Merck.''
That reasoning led P&O Princess last week to reject a sweetened bid by Carnival, which raised its offer 12 percent, to $5 billion, and said that it would also assume $1.4 billion in P&O Princess debt.
Interpublic has been struggling to overcome accounting irregularities and other financial problems.
The Government contends that Microsoft threatened Netscape at the meeting and made an illegal offer to divide up the Internet browser market -- a deal that Netscape says it refused.
Less than two weeks ago, the World Trade Organization rejected Kodak's contention that unfair trade practices were hindering its sales in Japan, where its rival, Fuji Photo Film, dominates.
The Kia Optima and Hyundai Sonata, as well as General Motors' Saturn L-Series received the lowest ratings even with side airbags for the head.
American Airlines' announcement that it started Web site just for female travelers is drawing criticism from women; business traveler Julie Pfeffer is especially disdainful of what she calls 'stereotyped and occasional downright insulting content' on site; drawing (M)
But Texas, with more than one-sixth of Union Pacific's 36,000 miles of track, may be faring the worst.
If he is right, his grievance gives insight into what has been one of the imponderables in the bitter Microsoft government antitrust trial.
Daniel A. Carp, Kodak's chairman and chief executive, told analysts at a meeting in New York that the company intended to cut fixed costs in its conventional film business faster than the volume declined.
Mr. Redstone had expressed dissatisfaction with the performance of the company's stock and with Viacom's efforts to move into the digital world.
Government officials have long feared that it was to Microsoft's advantage to stretch out the time of the case as long as possible.
General Motors is not alone in having undermined Saturn's uniqueness; national U.A.W.
A perennial Microsoft bull, Mr. Sherlund retains a buy rating on the stock but says investors could be in for an uncomfortable period.
The order, which Yahoo is fighting in Federal District Court in San Jose, Calif., raised questions involving international law and the problem governments face in trying to regulate the Internet.
"AT&T and Morgan's valuation is shockingly low," said George Kellner of Kellner, DiLeo & Company, a merger arbitrage firm.
This is certainly a plus for Java and a negative for Microsoft, but the fact is you can't turn the clock back.''
Microsoft yesterday rolled out new versions of its dominant desktop programs, Windows and Office, beginning a series of new offerings that the company will introduce over the next year to combat a rising challenge from Internet-based software.
Many financial analysts said that during his tenure, Ford Motor went from being the strongest of the Big Three domestic automakers financially to arguably the weakest.
The AES Corporation, the electricity producer whose stock has been battered as investors worry about how it intends to finance itself in a sour economy, said yesterday that it hoped to raise as much as $1.5 billion by selling assets and would cut capital spending by 38 percent this year.
An early signal that the My Services idea was in trouble came last fall at Microsoft's annual developer's conference, attended by more than 6,000 programmers.
To end what it says are violations, the commission wants Microsoft to sell two versions of Windows: one with Windows Media Player stripped out and sold separately, and the other with the software included, a person close to the case has said.
In a recent study of Wal-Mart's experience in Texas, Dr. Stone found that three years after a supercenter opened, local grocery stores had lost an average of 17 percent of sales.
In a suit filed Monday in Federal District Court in Rochester, Kodak, which is struggling to make its brand name synonymous with digital photography, just as it once was with film, charged Sony with infringing on 10 patents that were issued to Kodak from 1987 to 2003.
's preference not to entertain competing proposals has drawn public opposition from two potential competitors: Boeing, which recently said it wanted to get into the air traffic control business, and Raytheon.
Pfizer's announcement that it will halt consumer advertising for the anti-inflammatory drug Celebrex but continue to sell it strains logic.
In October, a Citigroup spokesman, John Morris, said that the bank planned no further job cuts beyond the several thousand that the company had announced in September.
Verizon told the unions that about 300 union-represented jobs would be shifted into the NorthPoint operation, but details involving the outsourcing of related tasks remained blurry, a person close to the talks said.
MCI Communications, which has been aggressively seeking to capture AT&T's 800-number customers, has no comparable service.
For much of that time, he was responsible for Wal-Mart's loss prevention department, which investigated alleged theft and fraud by employees.
International Business Machines Corp announces plans to cut about 1,000 management and other positions in its microelectronics division in Endicott, NY; cites slowing demand for semiconductors (S)
In all of the suits, VeriSign has been accused of mailing marketing material that misleads its rivals' customers into believing their domain name is about to expire, and trying to persuade them to sign up with VeriSign.
One Case Wraps Up for Microsoft, But Problems in Europe Still Exist
is now known to be investigating accusations of fraud or improper financial reporting at such major companies as Waste Management, Lucent Technologies and Xerox.
Officials of VeriSign, which is based in Mountain View, Calif., took responsibility for issuing two fraudulent digital certificates on Jan. 30 and 31 via an automatic Internet-based system.
Technology Briefing
Johnson & Johnson has some of the nation's most eminent heart failure physicians on its side, including the Cleveland Clinic's medical chairman, Dr. James B.
The deal with Costco was announced along with first-quarter financial results that showed a net loss of $11.9 million, wider than the $6.8 million loss in the same quarter last year.
Comcast initially forecast that no more than 10 percent of potential customers would buy broadband service.
Shareholders Voice Anger Toward Interpublic
''There will be a fire sale of Boeing's investments and then someone will take over this niche market.''
Microsoft, however, said failure to suspend the orders would cause ''irreparable harm'' to its business and would breach its intellectual property rights.
At an Oct. 27 meeting in Mr. Steere's offices at Pfizer's headquarters in New York, Mr. de Vink said, the conversation was vague and the two discussed several issues, including what role Warner's management team would have in a combined company, what the makeup of the board would be, how a combination would affect shareholders and what the synergies between the two companies were.
Under federal law, Wal-Mart faces a fine of up to $10,000 for each illegal immigrant hired.
The deal reflects an effort by Johnson & Johnson to build its cancer drug business.
But Mr. Woodard said he is confident that the worst is over and that Boeing will be able to make 43 planes a month next year.
Brian J. Panish, lead lawyer for the plaintiffs, said that General Motors made a business decision to fight lawsuits from fuel-fed fires rather than to ''fix something that wouldn't have cost them much at all.''
''If the desktop is so important, then Microsoft should have beaten AOL, but they didn't.''
While SAP has not taken a position on Oracle's $7.7 billion hostile bid for PeopleSoft, people at the company said Mr. Kagermann would prefer not to have regulators narrow the boundaries of the market.
''This smoking gun turns out to be a water pistol,'' said Mark Murray, a Microsoft spokesman.
''Intel's revenues are slowing because they have slashed prices,'' said Michael Slater, publisher of the Microprocessor Report, the industry newsletter that sponsored today's conference.
While the appeals court found little merit in Microsoft's arguments for bundling its browser with Windows, the court did not say that the company was prohibited from adding new features to its operating system.
Aon's rival in the insurance brokering business, the Marsh & McLennan Companies, with executive offices uptown on the Avenue of the Americas, had 1,700 employees assigned to the two towers; 313 are still missing.
The company is expected to try to have a court bar Boston Scientific from selling its next-generation product -- the Taxus stent combined with an improved catheter delivery system called Libert -- on the ground that it violates a Johnson & Johnson patent that runs through 2016.
Marriott International says 12 of its hotels in New Orleans are accepting reservations for arrivals starting Nov 1; five other Marriott hotels including two Ritz-Carlton hotels, will remain temporarily closed to public until further notice; corporate jet service is returning to Reagan Washington National Airport on Oct 18 after being banned since 2001 terrorist attacks because of airport's proximity to White House and Capitol; National Business Travel Association says it is working with Dr R Bradley Sack to help companies prepare possible outbreak of avian flu; flu viruses can be readily transported around world by air travel; Sack will record seminar on avian flu that will be available to members of group on its Web site; British Airways is offering 30 percent discount on business class seats to London if booked at least seven days in advance; Continental Airlines says members of its OnePass frequent-flier program will get 500 bonus miles each time they fly on tickets purchased on its Web site; also get 500 bonus miles for checking in online (Memo Pad column) (M)
A 2nd Loss For Merck Over Vioxx
Free high-quality software poses a threat to Microsoft, which makes plenty of money selling software and upgrades.
Boeing Co rejects request from mediator Peter J Hurtgen to resume negotiations even though International Assn of Machinists union, which represents 25,000 Boeing workers, agreed to return to table and promised to postpone strike for 30 days (M)
China's state-owned Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation, a joint venture partner with General Motors, has agreed to pay $59.7 million for 10 percent of the newly formed company, which is taking over three major plants in Korea from the bankrupt Daewoo Motors.
Having forced the ouster of Mr. Mack's predecessor, Philip J. Purcell, the investment bankers and traders of Morgan Stanley -- never a retiring lot -- are preening more than ever.
Now, though, Verizon and other telephone companies must worry about the possibility of physical attacks on their installations.
Cue of Apple noted that the big struggle is getting customers to sign on in the first place.
Weak sales in May at General Motors helped drag car sales to their lowest monthly pace in nearly four years.
But what is different about this war is that these new enhanced browsers are not being given away free -- they are included as part of the Internet service provided by America Online, Yahoo and Microsoft's MSN.
Many analysts expect Mr. Immelt to prevail, but they say that the Honeywell merger makes it less likely that the also-rans will leave the company.
Some securities lawyers said that it would be difficult to prove such a contribution was done in exchange for Mr. Grubman's upgrade of AT&T.
But for self-insured employers covering their own risks, Aetna will continue to offer networks of doctors and hospitals operating under H.M.O.
Wal-Mart to Pay Billions for British Supermarket Chain
The commission issued a ''statement of objections,'' asking Microsoft to respond to a complaint that it was still not complying with a decision three years ago that the company had abused its dominant market position.
Power Computing has been a quiet critic of Apple's gatekeeping tactics.
The Netscape browser, which once held more than 70 percent of the market, was deemed by Microsoft to pose a threat since software programs could be written to run on the browser, undermining the importance of Windows.
Jeff Madrick's Economic Scene column on Wal-Mart as new model of American productivity but company that pays low wages; says new study by Arindrajit Dube and Ken Jacobs of University of California, Berkeley, has produced evidence of Wal-Mart's comparatively low wages; researchers calculate that in San Francisco Bay Area, company's average wage, about $11 per hour, is about 30 percent below what unionized workers get in local grocery chains; also find that average Wal-Mart wage for all of California is 20 to 30 percent below average wage paid by retailers with 1,000 ormore workers; photo (M)
Time Warner executives began to prepare for the worst.
Moreover, in its effort to dominate the Internet of the future, Microsoft is about to propel itself into a fundamental new and more complex computing era, which it calls .Net.
Les Fagen, a Polo lawyer, said a 1984 federal decree in an earlier lawsuit ordered that the association ''stay away from Polo Ralph Lauren's logos, stay away from the horseman, stay away from the name Polo.''
AT&T has reviewed the three competing bids for its cable television business, the nation's largest, and found all of them inadequate.
Also, the association contended, by providing seamless interoperability between a mobile device running Microsoft software and a PC running Windows, Microsoft abused Windows' dominant position.
Xerox also consolidated many back-office operations last year, causing backlogs in accounts receivable and billing problems.
When asked, Microsoft executives said they were not yet sure how they might fashion a version of Windows 98 without the Internet software if the judge's order was still in force next year when the company plans to introduce the new version of its operating system.
Warner-Lambert memorandum unsealed in federal court shows marketing executives at company urged their superiors to let them promote epilepsy drug Neurontin for unapproved use rather than perform clinical studies needed to prove medicine was safe for such patients; memorandum is filed by Thomas M Greene, lawyer for whistleblower Dr David P Franklin who accused Warner-Lambert of promoting drug to doctors in late 1990's for more than dozen conditions it was never approved to treat; marketing executives in May 5, 1997 propose that drug be promoted to treat pain in diabetic patients by creating education classes for doctors and sponsoring symposium with American Diabetes Association; Greene also files another memo with court that details how Warner-Lambert tracked prescriptions written by doctors after they attended dinner meeting paid for by drug company at which Neurontin was discussed; Pfizer, which acquired Warner-Lambert and its Parke-Davis division in 2000, says lawsuit relates to activities that took place before acquisition and that its employees do not promote drugs for unapproved uses; Pfizer has said it is not aware of any credible evidence showing Warner-Lambert employees made false claims about drug (M)
Citing Europe, McDonald's Cuts Forecast For Quarter
''Wal-Mart: The High Cost of Low Price'' was made on a shoestring budget of $1.8 million and will be released in about two dozen theaters.
In 2001, after spending 35 years with Coke, Mr. Isdell resigned as chief executive of Coca-Cola Beverages.
But in an essay published earlier this year by Washington University in St. Louis, he acknowledged that Monsanto had suffered from some of the very faults cited now by critics.
The Microsoft Corporation yesterday reported second-quarter earnings that exceeded Wall Street analysts' expectations, but was punished by after-hours traders for having missed more optimistic ''whisper numbers.''
Advanced Micro Devices said Monday that it was unlikely the company would meet its target of $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion in revenue for the first quarter, providing evidence that the price war with Intel was continuing to take its toll.
But Ms. Lowry pressed Ms. Ernst to acknowledge that she had contacted a lawyer about a possible lawsuit against Merck much sooner -- about three months after her husband's death.
Motorola, however, has attributed much of its slowdown to the ''continuing impact of adverse business conditions in Asia and weakness in semiconductors and paging products on a worldwide basis.''
said Xerox's actions alone warranted stiff sanctions.
The three years of financial uncertainty, coupled with some losses of large clients and defections of senior managers, have taken a toll on Interpublic, particularly in its stock price.
Since August 2004, Mr. Rost has repeatedly criticized Pfizer for its efforts to block Americans from saving money by importing prescription drugs from other countries.
Company executives acknowledged that they briefly lost touch with consumers, designing too much clothing around occasions -- a pink suede tote, tailored for an evening out -- rather than classic Gap staples.
The long-term risks are substantial, given Mr. Murdoch's investment of $6.6 billion for control of Hughes Electronics and its DirecTV operation from General Motors.
ConAgra Foods says that, within the last year, it has quietly cut sodium by 18 percent in its Kid Cuisine frozen meals, by 14 percent in its Chef Boyardee products and by 19 percent in its Banquet brand of frozen dinners.
In a Shaky Present, Boeing Weighs Risks of Building a Jet of the Future
Apple has considered the idea of offering a subscription service, but does not feel there is sufficient demand, he said, noting that most users would rather own their music than rent it for a limited time.
With giants like AT&T entering the market, it is no longer a fledgling industry, and the exemption is  no longer justified."
THE birth of Netflix proves that even if you have a net worth of millions like Mr. Hastings, it is still maddening to pay a $40 late fee for a single video.
Cases in California state court are also proceeding against Kaiser Permanente and Aetna after motions to reject the suits were dismissed.
The torrent of bad news further eroded investor confidence in Halliburton, which was run by Vice President Dick Cheney from 1995 to 2000.
But in a strongly worded response, the commission, the year-round administrative arm of the European Union, denied responsibility for any possible delay in the introduction of Vista, and accused Microsoft of twisting the truth.
And many Boeing workers, as well as people here with no official connection to the company, seemed shell-shocked.
Analysts say that from 20,000 to 100,000 people or their families may eventually sue the company, and estimates of Merck's Vioxx-related liabilities have ranged from $4 billion to as much as $30 billion.
Morgan Stanley, Merrill Lynch and Goldman Sachs all have significant money management operations, and such businesses are seen as a crucial building block to becoming an elite Wall Street firm.
''It's clear that if we fail to do so, our business as we know it is at risk,'' Ray Ozzie, a chief technical officer, warned in an e-mail memo to Microsoft employees last year.
Aside from the $10 million upfront fee, Microsoft was asking for 15 percent of the studio's first-dollar box- office gross receipts.
Or with an apparel and footwear line, made by Nike, called 10/2 for the date of the cancer diagnosis?
Brown, said that Yahoo's returns provided ''confirmation that even the best-established companies are struggling to generate significant growth.''
His group wrote a letter to Yahoo late last month independently of the Wiesenthal Center to urge the service to ban the auctioning of hate-related items.
New York Atty Gen Eliot Spitzer says prominent Internet marketer Scott Richter and his OptInRealBig.com have agreed to pay $40,000 fine and $10,000 toward investigative cost to settle charges they sent deceptive junk e-mail messages, or spam; had said he would seek millions in fines when he filed case; warns them that they face stiffer fines if they violate new standard of accountability; Microsoft, while filed parallel suit in Washington State related to spam sent to customers of its Hotmail service, backs settlement but will continue its suit; photo (M)
''Citigroup is migrating from a more balanced attack to a heavier emphasis on the consumer business,'' said Mr. McVey, who said he would not be surprised to see the company make more acquisitions in that area.
For example, in a second commercial, an actor portraying the anchor of a newscast is watching a mock news conference on a monitor in which an actor portraying a consumer advocate denigrates the "dramatic savings" offered by an AT&T rival.
Corning said it lost $4.76 billion, or $5.13 a share, in the quarter as a sharp downturn in telecommunications caused demand to fall for its cable and fiber, which are used to build communications networks.
We support the efforts and goals of the nonsettling state attorneys general who continue to seek appropriate remedies to end Microsoft's anticompetitive conduct and illegal activities.
And during the trial, witnesses for Oracle pointed repeatedly to Microsoft's ambitions and aggressive spending in the business software market.
Shares of Interpublic Group of Companies gain 5 percent on news of that David Bell has replaced John J Dooner Jr as chairman and chief executive, but doubts are multiplying about whether restructured management team can pull off turnaround at company whose problems range from federal investigation of its accounting procedures to mounting losses at a sports-marketing division (M)
The lawsuit, brought by Marc Kasky, a Nike critic, accused the company of unfair competition and fraud for stating that its overseas workers earned enough to live on and were paid on average twice the local minimum wage.
''Finally, Xerox has lost its disastrous not-invented-here syndrome,'' said B. Alexander Henderson, an analyst with Prudential Securities.
At a news conference, the chief executive, Giancarlo Boschetti, denied rumors that the company had been contacted by General Motors and predicted that Fiat would break even in 2003.
Eastman Kodak Co, in radical departure for traditionally secretive company, warns that its first-quarter earnings will come in below many analysts' expectations but gives detailed, and much rosier, forecasts for rest of year (M)
Intuit also announced widening losses for its fiscal fourth quarter ended July 31, which it attributed to recent acquisitions of companies that included the Interactive Insurance Services Corporation.
Unnerved by the Ford Motor Company's decision last week to abandon a takeover of the ailing Daewoo Motor Company, investors sold off South Korean securities today, pulling the stock market here to an 18-month low.
Demonstrating how powerfully financial markets have rebounded in a year, the Goldman Sachs Group said yesterday that it posted a record profit last quarter after suffering a slight loss a year earlier, when much of the world was still feeling the effects of financial crisis.
Other management experts said that Seattle, which is also the home of Starbucks, Microsoft and Amazon.com, has become one of the country's most desirable locations for corporations, in large part because jet travel has reduced its isolation.
Merck's decision to halt sales of arthritis painkiller Vioxx could lead to onslaught of suits, including many class actions that aim to represent large groups of Vioxx users who have taken drug for extended periods; radio advertisement seeking plaintiffs are being broadcast and some suits were filed almost immediately after recall; some experts say surge in suits could spur court-ordered consolidation of cases, speeding resolution; are unsure whether recall will undermine Merck's legal defense or improve its image to juries; most serious health risks associated with Vioxx seem to appear after consumers have taken drug for at least 18 months; photo (M)
James W Lynn, former Wal-Mart executive responsible for inspecting apparel factories in Central America, sues company, accusing it of firing him for being too aggressive about finding workplace violations, like locked exits and mandatory 24-hour shifts; company officials say Lynn was not fired for being forceful monitor but for violating rules against fraternization; Lynn photo (M)
On Wednesday, Microsoft asked the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia to stay parts of a preliminary injunction that could be used by the Government to block the release of Windows 98.
Merck disputed the findings of the study, and the name of a company epidemiologist who had worked on it was removed from the report before it was published in a medical journal.
Toyota, with $20 billion in cash at its disposal and very little debt, is one of the bluest blue-chip companies in the world, and few found Moody's rationale for lowering its ratings convincing.
Matthew J. Dodds, who follows the industry for Smith Barney, recently cut his price target for Boston Scientific to $31 from $33, based on that risk.
As an independent company, Waste Management spent the early 1990's buying up hundreds of waste haulers and chemical waste treaters worldwide, only to shed many of them when they proved unprofitable.
Some public television station managers worry that the Comcast deal represents a potential threat to an essential ingredient of the Public Broadcasting Service's shows for young children.
Add to that the announcement late Monday by the Coca-Cola Company that its sales, measured in cases, took an unexpected drop in the first quarter, and the result could be a tepid reception for the Pepsi Bottling offering.
Wal-Mart has long battled to ban unions from its stores and distribution centers, and Guo Wencai, a senior organizer of the government-sanctioned All-China Federation of Trade Unions, called the establishment of union branches at the Wal-Mart stores a ''breakthrough'' for organized labor.
U.S. Suit Cites Citigroup Unit On Loan Deceit
A DECADE after legal battles over breakaway employees disrupted the operations of Saatchi & Saatchi -- and helped cost it business from big clients -- a lawsuit against a senior executive who worked on the important General Mills account threatens to generate a new round of turmoil.
Morgan Stanley said yesterday that notwithstanding its expression of regret for the $10,000 payment, it considered Mr. Curry's lawsuit ''without merit'' and said it would defend itself vigorously.
A spokesman for Bank of America, Bob Stickler, said Mr. DeMartini would leave because of the merger, not because of investigations into the Canary case.
Xerox Corp is waging war against counterfeiters of its cartridges, toners and other high-margin items that users of printers and copiers must replace again and again; company is running makeshift sting operations, buying products it suspects to be counterfeit and testing them in its labs, then turning information about illegal copies over to authorities; Xerox and police officials in Pittsburgh presided over prearranged surrender of Robert Leonard, president of Alberta International, who allegedly sold $30,000 of phony Xerox cartridges; photo (M)
The 12-day-old strike against General Motors began as a little-watched local dispute at a single metal-shaping plant here, but the walkout has quickly snowballed into a strike of national importance.
The Disco Ball Of Failed Hopes And Other Tales From Inside Intel
Earlier this month, Mr. Jobs, noting that, ''Michael Dell has been saying some disparaging things about us,'' used a boxy portable Dell computer as a foil to show off the features of Apple's sleek new iBook.
The dispute has also thrust Citigroup into an unwanted spotlight in Latin America's biggest country, since Brasil Telecom's controlling shareholder, the Opportunity group, is run by Daniel Dantas, Citigroup's investment manager here.
Wal-Mart has also been sued over the hiring of hundreds of illegal aliens who worked as cleaning crews in its stores.
They contend that Xerox assigned them to the least desirable sales territories and would not give them the most lucrative accounts.
In a strongly worded court brief filed today, the Justice Department argued that the Microsoft Corporation had known for months that its legal problems with the Government might delay the release of its Windows 98 operating system, due to be released next week.
As a general proposition, Microsoft argues that the federal Copyright Act endows the holder of a valid copyright in software with an absolute right to prevent licensees, in this case the OEM's, from shipping modified versions of its product without its express permission.
No one, least of all Xerox, doubts that Hewlett-Packard dominates the digital hardware game that Xerox so desperately wants to play.
Last week, disgruntled investors called for a management overhaul at the annual shareholders' meeting, and ballots representing a third of  investors casting ballots opposed re-electing one or more  directors, ratcheting up the pressure on Yahoo's board  for  drastic changes.
Vonage argued that Verizon's patents were invalid and that Vonage's services were built on technology it either developed itself or licensed from other companies.
AT&T and Lin Broadcasting In Dispute About Valuation
Key members of AT&T's board and executive team appear to believe that it would be irresponsible of them to put AT&T's shareholders into such a situation, according to people close to the discussions.
AT&T Finds Cable TV Bids Unacceptable
After Pfizer bought Pharmacia, it assured patients and doctors that it had no evidence that Celebrex was dangerous.
Federal Communications Commission reaffirms a decision that bars Tele-Communications Inc from transmitting direct-broadcast satellite service to American homes from Canadian-owned satellite; FCC originally rejected request by TCI on July 15 on ground that Canada had not authorized American companies to use the satellite; TCI and its partner, Telquest Ventures, appealed the ruling; FCC, with its final ruling, has closed last avenue for TCI to upgrade its medium-powered satellite service, Prime Star, without help of Rupert Murdoch's News Corp and MCI Communications Inc; these companies jointly control only available American orbital slot for high-powered satellite service (L)
Daniel Rosen, Microsoft Corp executive responsible for dealing with Netscape Communications Corp, testifies that he did not regard Netscape as competitor in June 1995, antitrust trial; Government presents E-mail written at the time in which Rosen and other Microsoft executives portrayed Netscape as potentially dangerous rival; point is crucial because that meeting between Microsoft and Netscape is key episode in Government's case (M)
Motorola said it saw some signs that the general economic weaknesses that were affecting it were abating.
Boeing executives, not surprisingly, have a different view of the plane.
Yahoo's business is more stable now, she said, because the company has replaced failing dot-com advertisers with business from larger companies.
Ford Motor has avoided closing factories so far, except because of parts shortages, but its officials have been warning that the entire industry is slowing.
Based on his comments as a panelist, Mr. Lessig is now poised to become AOL's and Time Warner's least favorite lawyer.
But Kodak said that even with the increased job cuts, its eventual cost reduction would still total $1 billion annually, the same figure it announced a month ago.
Instead, Pfizer insisted that Vioxx was unique and that there was no evidence of a class effect.
He stopped focusing on the wants and desires of the analysts and started worrying about the wants and desires of McDonald's customers.''
That is just one reason Amazon's search for merchant partners has been difficult, said Carrie A. Johnson, an analyst with the technology consulting company Forrester Research.
Amazon.com, biggest online seller of compact discs, is joining movement against copy-protection software for digital music; plans to sell songs that can be freely copied to any computer, cellphone or music player, including iPod from Apple; move could be another step toward demise of copy-protection systems that have frustrated some online music buyers and created confusion about compatibility between digital players and downloaded songs; critics charge software has slowed public embrace of legal digital downloads while failing to stop illicit copying, at time when music industry is desperate for ways to make up for declining CD sales; Amazon will sell songs and albums in MP3 format without layer of software for digital rights management, or DRM, that is used by most other online music retailers; graph (M)
''All the auto analysts are pessimistic about 2001, and that bodes ill for Goodyear,'' said Charles L. Hill, director of research at First Call.
Far more troubling to analysts, Kodak has no quick fixes in the wings.
McManus declined to say if the tournament is profitable now, but it's likely that CBS will have a more difficult time making a buck when the rights fee soars in the coming years.
World Business Briefing
Analysis of Unocal's decision to accept takeover bid from Chevron, rejecting bid from Cnooc, government-backed Chinese oil company; holds question is how far Cnooc will go to try to regain initiative; adds it has not indicated its next move, but company still has some time and leeway to raise its offer; says both bidders are racing against Aug 10 deadline, when Unocal's shareholders will be asked to approve or reject Chevron's offer; photos (M)
Still, any deal carries considerable risk for Cisco shareholders.
But Microsoft has hardly avoided Europe.
Goodyear's third-quarter earnings report, which had been scheduled to be released on Thursday, was postponed until November.
In light of Enron's collapse, with members of Congress and other officials asking how an apparent scheme to manipulate reported finances could have gone undetected, the government's new details in the Waste Management case, if true, provide evidence of the limited protections that exist for investors if a company's senior executives and its accountants decide to hide the truth.
Charles Schwab Corp, forecasting no rebound in investor sentiment for remainder of 2001, will lay off between 11 and 13 percent of work force; warns first-quarter earnings will fall short of already lowered expectations; cuts will reduce work force of 25,500 by 2,705 to 3,400 (M)
Danny Marino, who worked in installation and repairs for six years at Bell Atlantic before it became Verizon, said he never imagined that he would be out on strike.
Compressed Data; Lessons in Spam: A Nordstrom E-Mail Goes Astray
Editorial contends that it was unrealistic to expect World Trade Organization to endorse Eastman Kodak Co's broad claims that it has been deliberately shut out of Japanese market through combination of government and private blocking actions; maintains that it is distressing to see trade organization embrace blatantly protectionist behavior by Japanese Government; asserts that it could have warned Japanese that waiver for past anti-competitive behavior provides no immunity for future (M)
Texas Instruments Inc announces plans to eliminate 3,500 jobs, or 8 percent of its work force; company cites recent sale of several divisions and weak, glutted market for computer chips, especially in Asia; Texas Instruments reaches agreement to sell its computer memory chip business to Micron Technology Inc for about $641 million in stock plus $190 million in debt; deal will make Micron Technology world's largest maker of memory chips, with about 18 percent of market (M)
Lawyers in Bias Suit Assert Coca-Cola Shredded Files
When the national regulators met with Mr. Monti last week, he recommended blocking the EMI deal but suggested that the America Online venture could go forward if Time Warner dropped its plans for the music merger.
In its complaint, Cisco asserted that Apple was behind the efforts.
''Phil is the kind of guy who is not going to take no for an answer,'' said Mr. Bethune, who later joined Boeing for several years before returning to the airline industry.
Microsoft and Intel say that Toshiba has proven that its discs can be copied onto hard drives and home servers and sent over home networks.
Like all Morgan Stanley employees, the two employees have nondisparagement clauses that are linked to their receipt of restricted stock.
This week, an executive of Novell is expected to cast aspersions on Microsoft's tactics in deflecting the threat to its Windows operating system posed by computer networks, according to court filings.
A California jury on Thursday ordered Wal-Mart, the world's largest retailer, to pay $172 million in damages for failing to provide meal breaks to nearly 116,000 hourly workers as required under state law.
THE struggling Buick division of General Motors is changing campaigns for the second time in little more than a year.
But investors and analysts have criticized Motorola for more than a year now for a series of corporate missteps, ranging from its failure to move aggressively into the digital cellular telephone market to technical problems with some of its computer chips.
''At the risk of getting myself in a lot of trouble, I'm going to declare this the year of Itanium,'' Paul Otellini, Intel's president, told a gathering of security analysts in New York.
''That's 'don't care' power,'' said Randy Cole, chief technologist of the Texas Instruments audio business.
Engineers Reject Offer In Strike Against Boeing
Xerox's competitors have taken advantage of the chaos.
He also sought to address the passages from his published work about the political significance of computer code that Microsoft cited as raising doubts about his impartiality.
GAO reports that some companies have repeatedly disseminated misleading ads for prescription drugs, even after being cited for violations, and millions of people see such ads before government tries to halt them; cites Pfizer for misleading claims for Lipitor that continued despite FDA warnings; reports that ads appear to lead to increased use of prescription drugs and higher drug spending; consumer ads have risen almost 150 percent, mostly on television, since FDA loosened guidelines in 1997; graphs; GAO and Sen Susan Collins fault Bush administration's enforcement delays (M)
In an apparent nod to the onslaught of criticism that Nike has received about its labor practices in Asia, Oakley said it would manufacture its shoes in the United States.
Martha Depenbrock, a Procter & Gamble spokeswoman, refused to comment on the auditor, but said the settlement ''will not impact the effectiveness of our product or marketing plans.''
Earlier this year, Aetna rejected a tentative offer of $70 a share for the entire company from ING and Wellpoint Health Networks of California.
Microsoft stuck to the defense it has presented before to European antitrust regulators as it opened a three-day hearing on Wednesday into whether the company was illegally abusing its dominance in operating software.
Three years ago, the two unions staged a two-week walkout against Verizon, hampering operations in the District of Columbia and 12 states stretching from Maine to Virginia.
When it reports results on April 24, Amazon said, it expects to show a net loss of less than $255 million on revenue of more than $695 million.
EVEN those accustomed to Wall Street's otherworldly pay scales gasped last week when Goldman Sachs's 2006 compensation numbers were released: $16.5 billion, up 40 percent in a year, some $623,000 per employee.
In a news release that extended to five pages, Sean McManus, the president of CBS News and Sports, paid tribute to Mr. Rather, noting that the timeline of his journalism career -- from the Kennedy assassination and the war in Vietnam through Watergate, the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks and the war in Iraq -- mirrored the events of world history over the last half-century.
In its effort to deploy a network to replace Excite, Comcast upset many customers, particularly in New Jersey, who complained that their service was disrupted and that they could not get access to e-mail or the Web.
Mr. Severino suggested that Mr. House also might have grown restless at Intel.
Microsoft and Toshiba Cut Research Deal
In the Microsoft antitrust trial, the Government spent most of today attacking the company's central defense -- that its Internet browsing software is a seamless feature of its Windows operating system and not a stand-alone product.
By integrating more search functions into Windows, Microsoft could conceivably challenge Google the way it threatened, and destroyed, an earlier rival, Netscape, by incorporating Web browsing into the Windows 98 operating system.
Verizon's chief executive, Ivan Seidenberg, said in a conference call with analysts that he could not predict the cost to the company if 78,000 of its operators, phone installers and repair workers go on strike.
Alaska Airlines said today that a check of the mechanism that moves the horizontal stabilizer on jetliners of the MD-80 series had turned up metal shavings on two of the carrier's planes, and the Federal Aviation Administration promptly ordered all domestic airlines to complete inspections of similar planes for signs of damage.
In a telephone interview yesterday from his home in Los Angeles, Mr. Gillespie, 21, said he was unaware of the judgment and that no one from Microsoft or the court had yet followed up.
Raytheon has suffered because such customers as Egypt and Taiwan have delayed purchases of the Patriot missile.
The two companies -- known as the ''Wintel duopoly'' because of their domination of the personal computer industry with Microsoft's Windows operating system and Intel's microprocessors -- have been accused of maintaining monopolies in their respective industries by stifling competition and bullying computer makers, who are their biggest customers.
A Microsoft spokesman acknowledged last week that the propaganda plan had been discussed, but he said no action had been taken on it.
Daewoo Motor will eliminate 6,500 jobs, or one-seventh of work force, at string of overseas subsidiaries that it spent $5 billion to acquire in 1990's; plants in India and Poland may become independent through debt-for-equity swaps; moves come amid mounting doubts that General Motors will buy company (S)
''This is a problem, but it's not on the hot plate today,'' said Shekhar Borkar, an Intel fellow and director for circuit research at the company's architecture group, based in Oregon.
Indeed, largely overlooked last week in the glare of the $4 billion stock announcement was Google's acquisition of Android Inc., a start-up founded by a former Apple hardware designer, Andy Rubin.
Among those patients, Pfizer said, torcetrapib caused an average rise of three to four millimeters in their systolic blood pressure, the top number of the blood pressure reading.
Mad Dogs and Englishmen ad agency is losing trade advertising duties for American account of The Economist magazine; account, with billings estimated at $1 million to $2 million, is being consolidated at Weiss Stagliano Partners; Mad Dog picks up ad duties for Time Warner Cable Group, Daily Deal, financial newspaper that American Lawyer Media Inc plans to start publishing in fall, and Vanishing Point, beauty services retailer; accounts are estimated at $6 million (Advertising column) (S)
But Mr. Goetzinger said Merck had no urgent need for cash.
The revamping also signals a commitment by Boeing to push ahead with its military and space businesses despite its strong foothold in commercial aviation.
Morton Bahr, the president of the union, accused Verizon of running a company Web site that attacked unionization efforts despite the neutrality pledge.
Nonetheless, Mr. Malone's purchases could be particularly troublesome as the News Corporation reincorporates in the United States and large blocks of stock come on the market as Australian funds sell their holdings.
By calling on the record companies to drop their insistence on copy protection, analysts said, Mr. Jobs may have been trying to insulate Apple, in case European momentum for legislative or regulatory approaches increases.
So as 86,000 unionized employees entered the third day of their strike against the company, investors also walked out on Verizon, sending the company's shares down almost 14 percent yesterday, their sharpest one-day drop since 1987.
That is a question implicity raised by Microsoft, which in its federal antitrust appeal has contended that the trial it lost was so technical and esoteric that the presiding judge was unable to comprehend the facts.
In September the officials, including two Microsoft employees also serving on the committee, traveled to six countries on a trip that critics said was a thinly disguised effort to promote Microsoft and I.B.M.
Peter Schneider, chairman of Walt Disney Studios, unexpectedly announces his resignation to set up new Broadway production company that will be partly financed by Disney; there is no indication of when, or if, corporation intends to replace Schneider as studio chairman (M)
Ford Motor Co says its loss for fourth quarter will be five times greater than analysts had forecast; officials blame tide of car repossessions and delinquent loans that resulted from recession and rising unemployment; financial analysts and professional investors question company's overall strategy in conference call and reiterate doubts about Ford's credit operations; Ford is expected to report operating losses of about $900 million in fourth quarter; chief financial officer Martin Inglis comments (M)
Intel, according to analysts, made a forceful bid for the Xbox contract, when Microsoft entered the business in 2001, largely to deny a foothold to Advanced Micro Devices, which makes Intel-compatible microprocessors.
Mr. Lowery contended that Mr. O'Neill had told Campbell executives late last year that he was resigning to become the president of Heinz North America, and was informed that his noncompetition agreement would prohibit that.
Loses A Shipment Of Citigroup Client Data
Fleming Companies, which supplies groceries to Target and other retailers, files for bankruptcy protection after being stung by accounting investigation, unhappy suppliers and loss of its Kmart business; Fleming has arranged $50 million interim loan from J P Morgan Chase and Deutsche Bank and is still in talks to raise $150 million in financing; Fleming lists assets of $4.22 billion and debts of $3.55 billion (M)
Boston Scientific, based in Natick, Mass., has been suffering for more than a year on Wall Street for the unexpectedly rapid adoption in 2004 of Taxus, its drug-covered coronary stent.
Microsoft rebutted the judge's finding that the company holds substantial monopoly power in the market for personal computer operating systems by repeating the arguments it made in court -- the very ones that the judge rejected.
The Coca-Cola board will not meet before Thursday to announce a replacement for Mr. Goizueta, who was 65 when he died early Saturday.
Local industry groups support Hindustan Coca-Cola and PepsiCo, saying that license denials would scare away prospective investors from a state that badly needs investment and would cost the region thousands of jobs.
A spokesman for Boeing said the company would have no immediate comment on the Pentagon action.
John F. Welch Jr., the former chief executive of General Electric, will pay for most of the corporate perks he negotiated to receive in retirement, including the use of a Boeing 737 business jet and an apartment overlooking Central Park, the company confirmed yesterday.
Shares of Humana, whose chief executive resigned recently amid unrelated concerns about falling earnings, fell 6.25 cents, to $7, on the New York Stock Exchange.
Morgan Stanley said he abused his expense account.
The brief said that Apple refused the request and added that Microsoft also tried to coerce Apple to stop offering Netscape to its customers.
''It was never the reason given in public, but industry insiders believed that the real reason Memphis was being delayed was to totally integrate the browser and help Microsoft in its life-and-death battle with Netscape,'' said Richard Doherty, president of Envisioneering, a research firm in Seaford, N.Y. ''This E-mail does seem to be proof of what Microsoft's intentions were back then.''
EXECUTIVES from the Northrop Grumman Corporation began explaining and defending the company's hostile $2.1 billion bid for Newport News Shipbuilding yesterday.
Even worse than the additional restatements -- after Interpublic had assured investors, analysts and employees in November that the figure of $181.3 million would be final -- top executives warned of possible additional write-downs in the current quarter along with further layoffs, and they lowered their forecasts for revenue and net income per share for 2003.
The commission is expected to ask that Intel be forced to share information about its processors with all manufacturers.
American Airlines is offering customers who book flights on its Web site new guarantee of lowest fare for flights on American, American Eagle and AmericanConnection; customers who find fare on another Web site that is $5 or more lower for identical itinerary will be refunded difference between fare and one on American's site with $50 travel voucher included; survey by Impulse Research, commissioned by Chubb Group, shows 73.5 percent of 1,500 travelers cite medical emergencies as their top concern while traveling, followed by 30.7 percent concerned about risk of being robbed and 23.4 percent fear terrorist attack; Marriott hotels will change 628,000 bed at its hotels by end of year; Air Transport Association says average domestic fares fell 4.2 percent in 2004 over 2003; photo (Memo Pad column) (M)
He acknowledged that despite Microsoft's assurances that it has taken pains to protect customer privacy and that only crash data is reported, some customers still have privacy concerns about the service.
But the largest carrier, Verizon Wireless, said it would not allow any of its more than 40 million customers to be listed, even those who want to participate.
In their suits, all filed over the last year or so, employees at Microsoft, Ford Motor and Conoco say the rating systems are unfair because they favor some groups of employees over others: white males over blacks and women, younger managers over older ones and foreign citizens over Americans.
Other Wall Street firms, including Merrill Lynch and Morgan Stanley, pressed the exchange to allow more electronic trading, which would let the firms cut the number of traders on the exchange floor and lower their costs.
Susan Linn, the co-founder of the Campaign for a Commercial-Free Childhood, said that Kellogg's decision to stop using licensed characters on sugary food was particularly significant.
Mattel attributed that shortfall to weakness in the Barbie brand.
The European Union has also balked at the plan, although Coca-Cola and Cadbury executives say it is not clear whether it has jurisdiction in this case.
At the National Semiconductor Corporation, whose Cyrix unit has also shared in that pain, the chief executive, Brian L. Halla, blamed ''Intel's jihad against A.M.D.
The company is not optimistic that conditions will get better in the immediate future: the financial performance in the first quarter, Kodak said, is likely to be worse than the corresponding period a year ago.
Those low rates have become the flashpoint in a war of words between AT&T and Frontier.
Chery has been at the center of disputes with General Motors and Volkswagen over whether it has copied their vehicle designs -- accusations that Chery has repeatedly denied.
Last year, Boeing almost won a $23 billion tanker contract from the Air Force until it was canceled amid criticism of its cost and a conflict-of-interest scandal involving top Air Force and Boeing officials.
After trying but failing to sell its $1-billion-a-year PC sales unit to focus on its Web site operating business, Micron Electronics said that the Gores Technology Group would acquire the assets and liabilities of the money-losing unit, Micron PC.
Throughout these efforts, the complaint says, Andersen fully understood the extent of the accounting misrepresentations and repeatedly tried to press Waste Management executives to change their practices or correct errors, with little success.
Time Warner and EMI Group, in an attempt to keep European regulators from blocking $20 billion merger, propose what they call 'substantial' concessions that might include selling some of their record labels; deal still faces skepticism of European antitrust officials, who have threatened to block it if companies do not make big concessions (M)
The nation's largest exporter, the Boeing Company of Seattle, said today that it expected a deepening recession in Asia to cost it orders for 90 aircraft over the next five years.
''It doesn't matter if the subject is Wal-Mart or something else.
General Motors is suing Chery, claiming that Chery's QQ is a clone of its Chevrolet Spark, a minicar sold in China.
In the early 1980's, Mr. Yoffie noted, no one in the industry thought that Microsoft's basic DOS operating system was an issue.
Yahoo Strikes Ad Deal With More Papers
Not only will people be unable to find the number of anyone using Verizon Wireless as a carrier, but they will be charged a fee by the directory service for their fruitless request.
As of this evening, there had been no reports of intruders having exploited the flaws, but Microsoft announced that the problems had prompted plans for a major change in the security design of its Windows operating system and the Internet Explorer browser that it recently integrated into Windows.
By last week, having decided not to raise its own bid of $71 a share, Johnson & Johnson was reduced to behind-the-scenes attacks on the rationality of Boston Scientific's $80-a-share offer.
But the report concludes that Windows is so riddled with weaknesses and vulnerabilities that other companies would be likely to say: '' 'I'm not going to invest my limited resources to fix Microsoft's problems.'
Analysts had warned that a lengthy dispute could damage morale at Boeing, just when the company's commercial jet division had begun to show signs of a financial recovery.
Cleveland Clinic gives apparent reprieve to controversial Johnson & Johnson heart failure treatment when committee overrules more than four dozen of its cardiologists by deciding drug Natrecor will remain in use at clinic; panel overrules recommendations of about 50 members of clinic's cardiovascular medicine department, who voted last week to ban or severely restrict use of drug after two studies in medical journals indicated that it increased risk of kidney impairment and death (M)
's chief executive, said he fully expected that computer companies that were coerced or threatened by Intel's tactics would cooperate with any investigation.
Legal troubles continued to mount yesterday for Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Company when securities regulators accused the investment bank's brokerage unit of misleading thousands of investors into buying mutual funds that resulted in losses of $65 million.
Morgan Stanley and the Goldman Sachs Group announced year-end earnings yesterday that underscored how the weak stock market and a lack of corporate advising and underwriting are harming Wall Street's largest firms.
New Study Links Pfizer's Bextra, Similar to Vioxx, To Heart Attacks
The News Corporation has offered Pointcast about $400 million, but executives of Pointcast, who have been weighing a public stock offering, are demanding far more, this person said.
The offer by Express Scripts is a throwback to the 1980's in two ways: it is a rare hostile bid that could spark a fierce bidding war, and it relies heavily on debt, some $14 billion.
Instead, the district court credited statements in newspaper articles and relied on the many unsupported and factually incorrect assertions of the government's experts and of groups of Microsoft's competitors who were invited to submit amicus briefs.
Foreign Economic Warning Hurts American Express
Others also bailed out: Maryann Keller, a longtime Wall Street automotive analyst, quit as president of Priceline's online car-buying service, and Bill Pike, a financial executive who had followed Ms. Miller from Citigroup, also resigned.
The release of the latest version of Illustrator drove the record sales in the fourth quarter, aided by Photoshop, Adobe's software for the digital management and manipulation of photographs, the latest version of which is roughly two quarters old.
As a pager owner wrote on a bulletin board at Geek.com after Motorola's announcement in December, he will keep his pager ''until they pry it from my cold dead body.''
The marquee stars of the Government's antitrust assault on the Microsoft Corporation have been David Boies, the trial lawyer who proved a master at catching Microsoft witnesses off-guard, and Joel I. Klein, the chief of the Justice Department's antitrust division.
The patent holder, Collins Licensing L.P. of Dallas, contended that A.T.& T. had willfully infringed its patent and should be liable for more than $300 million in damages.
The announcement came as Boeing is still struggling to recover from a disastrous decision in 1996 to raise airplane production to record levels in order to meet booming demand from the world's airlines.
The company, the world's largest drug maker, said yesterday that it had fired Mr. Rost, a vice president for corporate marketing who engaged in a public campaign against Pfizer over drug prices for the last year.
Intel recently announced better-than-expected sales and earnings for the fourth quarter, but it cut its capital spending budget by about $1 billion for this year.
Hormel Foods Corp, whose brand name for luncheon meat, Spam, was turned into derisive label for unwanted junk E-mail, has stopped being defensive about Spam's pejorative use and decided to have fun with its brand name; its Spam Web site sells line of Spam-logo clothing and offers Spam history that starts with product's debut in 1937; photo (M)
Brian Ek, a spokesman for Priceline, said that the company had not licensed its patent to Microsoft and that the company was still studying the Microsoft site to see if it was an infringement on its patent.
Morgan Stanley suffered another legal setback yesterday as a Florida jury ordered it to pay $850 million in punitive damages to the financier Ronald O. Perelman, who contended he was defrauded by the investment bank in a 1998 deal.
Publicis, which lost a hostile takeover bid for True North in 1997, described the price Interpublic is paying as at the bottom end of expectations.
Xerox, which recently lost an appellate court challenge to the way it calculates lump-sum distributions from its pension plan, declined to comment on the issue yesterday.
''The traditional investment banks are finding the new competitive structure very threatening and are reacting with all the weapons they can think of,'' said Michael Carpenter, the chairman of Citigroup's corporate and investment bank.
The finding that Merck had failed to warn of the drug's dangers was the only unanimous vote.
Pfizer Plans to Show Teaser Ads for Viagra
Indeed, PeopleSoft's board has defended its decision to reject Oracle's offer not so much on the value of the bid but on the likelihood that regulators would reject such a deal.
The company was formed in 1999 from the merger of Exxon, the top American oil company, with Mobil, the No.
At present, companies that compete with Microsoft in the applications business also badly need the cooperation of Microsoft to share its operating system technology if their products are to run smoothly on Windows.
Time Warner had originally discussed the possibility of offering to buy Kirk Kerkorian's controlling stake in restricted private stock and paying all other shareholders in cash.
If Oracle pursues its bid, Mr. Conway said, ''I think it would confirm what we've said all along that their intent all along has been to harm PeopleSoft.''
Some critics said Marriott, run by several prominent members of the Mormon Church, though not affiliated in any way with the church itself, should drop its adult movies, given the stand against explicit sexual materials that Mormons have long taken.
After news over the weekend that settlement efforts had ended between Microsoft and the government in its landmark antitrust case, the technology-heavy Nasdaq composite moved sharply lower from the start of trading.
That ambition led Waste Management to acquire a range of profit-draining businesses, including hazardous waste management, lawn care, asbestos removal, and Rust International, a large engineering concern.
''This is a challenged story for the next six months,'' Mr. Squali said, ''but we think that Yahoo is a 2007 stock.''
Still, computer scientists suggest that it should not be a great challenge for Microsoft to make sure that such applications do not ''commingle'' code with Windows.
Career profile of Maurice R (Hank) Greenberg, 79, legendary insurance executive ousted from American International Group in accounting probe; he has suffered public and humiliating end to career and faces possible civil suits and criminal probes; reportedly reacts with mixture of bewilderment, rage and self-pity; his associates say he failed to recognize changes in business world shaken by recent corporate scandals and clung to model of imperial chief executive; photos (M)
DuPont rebuffed Dow's advances and never engaged in negotiations, these people said.
The company noted that the news channel, which dominates the cable news competition, benefited from year-earlier comparisons because it did not have the higher newsgathering costs of the war in Iraq.
Combined with $2.6 billion in charges announced by the company in October, Boeing has effectively written off about half of its shareholder equity, or assets minus liabilities, in the last three months as it has struggled with production problems in the manufacture of its flagship commercial jets.
Carnival Corp is preparing to raise its hostile bid for P&O Princess Cruises (S)
Netflix is introducing a service to deliver movies and television shows directly to users' PCs, not as downloads but as streaming video, which is not retained in computer memory.
Steve Mann, a wearable computing pioneer who is now an engineering professor at the University of Toronto, takes issue with the characterization of modern wearables as impractical or uncomfortable (''You're talking about my 1970's gear,'' he said), and with some of the conclusions of the Accenture researchers.
The yen declined after Moody's said it might cut Japan's credit rating because deflation is making it hard for Japan to repay its debts.
Over all, the government said, Microsoft's objections to its remedy proposal are ''unfounded and based almost entirely on tortured readings and mischaracterizations of the language of the proposed remedy.''
The day after completing the deal, Oracle fired four top officers of PeopleSoft.
Ward's Auto Info Bank reports auto sales fell 6 percent in May from May 2001, to lowest monthly pace in nearly four years; slump, led by weak sales at General Motors, comes even as industry continues to offer big rebates and subsidize interest rates; photo (M)
''This is Microsoft fighting, kicking and screaming, to deliver the bare minimum," Mr. Loiacono said.
The other Interpublic problems include profit margins and organic-growth rates that lag those of competitors; losses at a motor-sports division that has been closed; big clients leaving its advertising and media agencies; and a burdensome debt load.
Amazon, the largest online retailer, lost $94 million in the second quarter, compared with a loss of $168 million a year earlier.
cited serious quality-control problems -- and inadequate responses to earlier warnings -- at numerous factories operated by Boston Scientific, whose products include the best-selling Taxus stent, a tiny drug-coated metal device that props open coronary arteries after blockages have been cleared.
Kidney Dialysis Center Deal With Amgen Blocks Roche
That promise came, in turn, after Ms. Newkirk and the rock singer CHRISSIE HYNDE were arrested during a protest at a Gap store in Manhattan.
Pfizer's introduction of Viagra in 1998 changed that, and the debut in the next few months of two competitors will make the subject difficult to avoid.
Priceline said it expected no negative impact from Hotwire, and noted that its airline service had grown sharply in recent weeks.
Washington Mutual stops running advertising spot that shows actors playing bankers poised atop building as if about to jump; commercial by Leo Burnett is among four spots that had suicide as central point in their humorous or lighthearted narratives; other two commercials with suicide themes that have been withdrawn were four General Motors and Volkswagen of America; fourth commercial was created by Cramer-Krasselt for CareerBuilders; suicide prevention organizations have criticized ads; photos (L)
No one raised questions about fraudulent accounting, incompetent sales staff or unmanageable levels of debt, all issues that have plagued Xerox the last couple of years.
''We believe that the division's suggestion that Microsoft break Windows 95 a bit -- by making it hard or impossible for end users to find many of the Internet-related features of the product -- is profoundly anti-consumer and could advance no conceivable goal of the antitrust laws,'' the letter said.
After serving as an infantry officer in the Army in World War II, he drove to San Francisco to ask A. P. Giannini, Bank of America's founder, for a job.
in March, seeking damages of at least $1 billion, contending that I.B.M.
The court said that Yahoo did not seek to ''justify war crimes and crimes against humanity'' when it sold the items on its Web site.
Indeed, Yahoo said that Ted Meisel, the president of its search advertising unit and the former chief executive of Overture Services, which Yahoo bought two years ago, would leave the company at the end of this year.
Judge J Frederick Motz rules that Microsoft must include Java programming language of Sun Microsystems with Windows operating system, handing Sun a victory in its private antitrust case; preliminary injunction forces Microsoft to confront what would be perhaps most intrusive penalty yet to stem from court rulings that it broke federal antitrust laws; Motz also indicates that he will order Microsoft to stop shipping version of Java that Sun contends damages chances of its own version because it is outdated and creates confusion among programmers about which one to use for developing software (M)
Many Wall Street firms are worried about threat of takeover from banking, insurance and other outside institutions; merger agreement between Dean Witter, Discover and Morgan Stanley Group kicked off wave of speculation about other potential Wall Street deals; some firms that are looking for suitors or could be acquired include Lehman Brothers, Oppenheimer & Co, Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette, Bear, Stearns, Prudential Securities and Paine Webber; drawing (L)
Shares of McDonald's plunged on the news of the death but rallied somewhat after the announcement about Mr. Bell.
Intel, which fell to a 52-week low of $24.50 on Tuesday, closed yesterday at $28.69, while Dell Computer rose to $26.25 from $24.44 on Tuesday.
Intuit has announced that Quicken upgrades curing the Year 2000 problems will be available without charge by next June.
Some companies delayed getting started for so long that they are now having trouble getting tags, according to the analysts and Wal-Mart.
It becomes really damaging, antitrust experts say, if it undermines the credibility of Microsoft's evidence in general in the eyes of Judge Jackson, who will deliver a verdict in this nonjury trial.
At a hearing that will determine what penalties Microsoft will face for violating federal antitrust laws, David Richards, vice president for consumer systems at RealNetworks,  also said Microsoft had pressed computer makers not to allow RealPlayer, from RealNetworks, to start automatically when their machines booted up.
U.S. and Some States Split on Microsoft, Risking New Delay
Under the current plan, Hughes's shareholders would control about 65 percent of the new company and News Corporation's shareholders would control 35 percent, the executives said, stressing that the numbers were still ''very rough.''
Excluding costs of stock-based compensation, currency charges related to its debt and some other items, Amazon calculated a pro-forma profit of $46 million, compared with a pro-forma loss of $4 million in the quarter a year earlier.
Facing an uncertain climate for Internet start-ups, the founders of Africana.com Inc., the Harvard University professors Henry Louis Gates Jr. and Kwame Anthony Appiah, have sold their venture to Time Warner Inc.
The fourth quarter dampened a stellar year, in which Intel rode increasing demand for PC's to record sales and earnings.
Citigroup's exposure to Enron is less than half the $2.6 billion owed to J. P. Morgan Chase, which wrote off $456 million of Enron trading losses and loans in the quarter.
The officials emphasized that the decision to invite comments about possible new rules had no effect on the review of the proposed merger of America Online and Time Warner.
FCB San Francisco did not mention the review when it said it had resigned from the Amazon account.
Apple's warning also follows recent negative forecasts by rivals like Gateway and Dell Computer, both of which cited drops in demand.
Merck stopped selling Vioxx in 2004 after a clinical trial showed that the drug increased the risk of heart attacks and strokes in people who took it for at least 18 months.
Now that Pfizer has suspended its multimillion-dollar consumer advertising program for its COX-2 inhibitor painkiller, Celebrex, and Merck has taken its similar -- and similarly advertised -- drug, Vioxx, off the market, the prescription drug ad market is not looking nearly as healthy as it seemed earlier this year.
The Boeing Company, the aircraft maker and military contractor, announced yesterday that it would take second-quarter charges of up to $1.15 billion as a result of a settlement of ethics investigations with the federal government and delays in a surveillance aircraft program for Australia and Turkey.
But they said that his knowledge of the industry had been a one-sided tutorial administered by Microsoft's enemies.
Many of the cable deals, in retrospect, were poor value for Microsoft strategically.
About two-thirds of business travelers who rent cars say they expect to get lost while driving in certain cities, according to a survey commissioned by Avis Rent a Car and Motorola, which makes software for Avis Assist, a navigation system that provides driving directions on cellphones.
Unlike Real, Yahoo is stressing financial news, a complement to the extensive offerings on its Web site.
Mr. Ergen argues that News Corporation, which has been circulating a 123-page volume opposing the deal, ''The Essential Guide to the EchoStar/DirecTV Deal,'' is using antitrust arguments to mask Mr. Murdoch's own business ambitions.
Meanwhile, AT&T's core long-distance business, which had been eroding for years under competitive pressure, was to remain robust enough to generate the billions of dollars of cash required to pay for the upgrades and to service the debt that AT&T took on in the cable deals.
Things could have been even worse for Verizon and its bosses.
The announcement comes within months of a wave of reports critical of Oracle's pricing policies, including the prominent dispute over its sale of $95 million in software to the State of California.
Intel Warning Touches Off Flight From Technology Shares
Errors during shutdown are not uncommon in Windows, and Microsoft's knowledge base includes articles to cover several situations.
With Japan's stock market near 18-year lows, the Goldman Sachs Group and three online brokers said today that they would close their overnight trading system for individual investors for lack of demand.
Eastman Kodak Co drastically raises company's planned number of job eliminations to 16,600, saying 10,000 figure announced only a month ago was just estimate and that managers had since found more positions they could cut; company also increases its previously announced charge against fourth-quarter earnings by $500 million, to $1.5 billion, to reflect severance costs for more terminated employees (L)
Intel and Digital Settle Lawsuit And Make Deal
Among other things, the companies are suing each other over the fine print in Jones's contract to make Polo's Lauren/Ralph Lauren line.
But, regulators said, the firm let Xerox use accounting techniques that did not comply with established rules and that allowed the company to falsify its results.
The case, in which Mr. Perelman contends that Morgan Stanley defrauded him in an underwriting deal in 1998, has become an embarrassment for Morgan Stanley, particularly a devastating opinion from the judge that accused Morgan Stanley of being obstructionist and noncooperative.
Bell Atlantic also went to court last year, seeking unsuccessfully to block AT&T from buying McCaw Cellular Communications.
Mr. Boies read more from the Gateway memo, including an assertion from a Gateway executive that Microsoft's actions were illegal.
But despite aggressive testing of the product, General Electric now says no date has been set to bring it to market.
Biogen hopes that its tests will show that weekly injections of its drug result in fewer attacks and eventually delay the effects of the disease, which is ultimately paralyzing for about 20 percent of patients.
Apple's new cordless keyboard and mouse work on Bluetooth wireless standard; they use technology known as adaptive freqency hopping, which excludes occupied channels, avoiding interference with other wireless devices in area; photo (M)
Knight Ridder's chief executive, P. Anthony Ridder, said yesterday: ''Our company's primary product is local content; our Internet strategy -- one of the most aggressive in the newspaper industry -- is to exploit that local market content into a national network of regional hubs.
In agreeing yesterday to sell its consulting arm to I.B.M., PricewaterhouseCoopers abandoned its strategy of incorporating the business as a Bermuda company and renaming it Monday Ltd.
The next day, Oracle said that a hearing scheduled for July 16 in Delaware Chancery Court to consider litigation regarding its bid for PeopleSoft had been indefinitely postponed while it responded to the Justice Department request.
Still, AT&T's arrival and the expectation that just about every phone company will begin offering Internet access has forced Netcom to make some big changes in its business model, starting with lowering its prices.
But Microsoft's political influence is limited in Europe.
The move upset Boeing's largest union, the International Association of Machinists, which does not represent the California workers.
Northrop Grumman Corp says it will cut work force by 8,000 people, or about 15 percent, by the end of 2000 as it tries to remain competitive as independent company in wake of collapse of its acquisition by Lockheed Martin on antitrust grounds; most of cuts will be in Southern California; chairman Kent Kresa comments, interview (M)
''Unlike the mechanism for sweetness, the science of salt taste is not well understood, so it's really difficult to find a substitute,'' said George Dowdie, vice president of research and development at Campbell's Soup.
The announcement was the most recent in a series of unexpected disclosures by Interpublic, which has been struggling with financial and operational difficulties for three years, mostly related to weak internal controls.
''Now that the antitrust day of reckoning has arrived and the Justice Department has announced its decision to sue to block the transaction, it is time for Oracle to abandon its efforts to acquire the company,'' Mr. Conway said.
MCI said the larger loss did not affect its agreement with Verizon.
As a result, Amazon has developed a search function that will probably find what a shopper wants even if the shopper misses a letter or two in typing in the request.
Indeed, Airbus operates in the same global economy as Boeing, yet it appears to be suffering far less.
War of Words Heats Up Between Airbus and Boeing
Under pressure from Japanese and European competition regulators, Microsoft earlier this year announced that it would drop the clause from all contract renewals from this summer.
The union, the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers, last went on strike against Boeing in 1995; that walkout lasted 69 days.
The news keeps getting worse for Pfizer, the world's largest drug company.
Wal-Mart has warned bloggers against lifting text from the e-mail it sends them.
While the questioning does not necessarily indicate how the judges may ultimately rule on the decision, which concluded that Microsoft had committed a raft of antitrust violations, it provided the first public insight into some of the issues that the court finds troubling.
Independent booksellers complain about advertising deals that Internet search engines have forged with biggest on-line bookstores; independents complain that when someone searches specifically for independent bookseller by name, they may still be served up ad for Amazon.com or Barnesandnoble.com (S)
Interpublic said it would provide additional details about the potential misconduct when it reports the delayed financial data, which is to include the 2004 annual report along with results for the full year 2004 and the first two quarters of 2005.
Microsoft has argued that unbundling Media Player from Windows would prevent the operating system from working properly.
Besides, some analysts say, worries about Microsoft ruling the Internet are probably wildly exaggerated.
By and large, they are not succeeding, because what works about the iTunes Music Store is not necessarily its pricing system but its ease of use, its lack of restrictions on downloaded music, its design and its integration of Apple's iTunes media player and iPod portable digital music player.
Oracle executives said yesterday that the problem would be resolved when the company closed those deals in subsequent quarters.
Microsoft officials who met the protesters told them to take it up with the computer manufacturers who sold them their PC's.
Mr. Cassano was charged with insider trading counts in both the Lotus and I.B.M.
But David Boies, the Government's lead trial lawyer, has forced the first three significant Microsoft witnesses to make damaging statements or to admit embarrassing mistakes, throwing serious credibility questions before Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson, who is hearing the case without a jury.
Although analysts think the immediate impact of the suit on Intel's financial results will be inconsequential, they fear a more subtle effect.
Wall Street closed out a dismal third quarter with a mixed performance yesterday after Merck said it would be forced to remove Vioxx, its best-selling arthritis drug, from the market.
The losses from extraordinary items were largely attributable to the rollout of digital services of the News Corporation's satellite television company British Sky Broadcasting.
Adobe also said it was planning to take a one-time restructuring charge and could post a loss for the quarter.
AT&T, the nation's No.
Board of directors of Taubman Centers real estate empire and Taubman family reject unsolicited $1.48 billion bid for its properties from Simon Property Group; indicate that no efforts to purchase Taubman Centers will be productive (M)
Intel said it expected gross profit margin for the third quarter to be 62 percent, plus or minus a point, down from the company's previous expectations.
And Mr. Jager was clearly angry when he announced that Procter was dropping its plan to acquire the two drug companies for $142 billion.
Some internal servers were affected, and service to users of the Microsoft Network was significantly slowed.
Microsoft, in its brief filed last week, insisted that it would need six months to prepare for penalty hearings, should the judge decide to consider the government's breakup plan.
In a telephone interview from his home in Arkansas, Mr. Lynn said Wal-Mart undermined its inspections by requiring monitors to give notice before visiting factories.
Marriott has been facing complaints from some of its 500 hotel owners about how it buys bulk supplies from a purchasing firm, Avendra.
IBM and Sony, striking an alliance in struggle to establish standards for delivering music over Internet, announce that they will make their competing standards mutually compatible; announcement comes as Internet and music business leaders meet to discuss ways of protecting their industry from illegal distribution of music over Internet by means of free and increaingly popular technology known as MP3, which threatens to destroy profits from CDs and other commercial recordings (M)
Pfizer executives also noted that Warner-Lambert would actually hurt its own financial performance if it were to merge with American Home Products.
Many creditors question whether J P Morgan Chase and Citigroup can represent their interests when, they contend, bank helped cause many of Enron's financial problems in first place; banks are subject of government investigations and private lawsuits over their role in structuring off-balance-sheet partnerships that helped sink Enron; some creditors say banks are in hopeless conflict, and Securities and Exchange Commission has expressed concern, as well; Wall Street firm Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy has been hired, at more than $1 million per month, to represent creditors committee in its negotiations with Enron; many creditors ask how effectively Milbank can represent them after having received more than $17 million in fees from Enron and its affiliates in last five years; Judge Arthur J Gonzalez, who is overseeing Enron bankruptcy, has scheduled hearing on May 15 on whether to disqualify Milbank; challenge to J P Morgan an d Citigroup is before Carolyn Schwartz, US trustee in case, who has power to remove members of creditors' committee and to refer matters for investigation or criminal prosecution; Harvard University Prof Elizabeth Warren says creditor representatives may risk suing themselves; chart; photos (M)
Boeing and the airlines have intensively inspected the oldest planes for signs of trouble and made fixes as needed, he said.
Though purists may sniff at the new packaging, Campbell has minimized the risk of consumer backlash by retaining crucial elements of the old label, consumer brand image experts say.
The Oracle Corporation, the maker of business software, said today that the threat of war could drive sales of its software licenses down 15 percent, a sharper decline than the company had expected before the terrorist attacks last week.
A self-styled whistle-blower whose dealings with Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Company put them both under criminal investigation has had a previous tussle with corporate America.
Lucent Technologies announces large loss and as many as 20,000 additional job cuts, leaving company with far fewer than half workers it employed year ago; work force will total about 60,000 when latest round of layoffs is completed in several months, down from 155,000 year ago; company says it lost $3.25 billion in its fiscal third quarter ended June 30, compared with loss of $301 million year ago; sales declined 21 percent from year earlier; company says it will delay by six months spinoff of Agere Systems, its chip-making business, that had originally been planned in September; reaches agreement to sell its fiber optics business for $2.75 billion to Furukawa and Corning Inc; chart (M)
Those cases were consolidated into 39 complaints, with 17 administrative law judges ruling that Wal-Mart had violated labor laws.
An investment fund led by a unit of the Prudential Insurance Company that lost control of a Prague television station in 2001, said that it would seek to recover more than 1 billion crowns, or $34.3 million, from the Czech government.
Entire cities were shut down by power failures; getting onto eBay was impossible for anyone in the vicinity.
A.T.& T. to Cut Price of Videophone
Things went fine until June 1999, when the Xerox-supplied operator resigned.
For its $5.49, Amazon listed my book for sale, sent a few pieces of e-mail and transferred money -- all trivial tasks for its computers, no humans or inventory required.
The Carnival Corporation is examining ways to eliminate some of the conditions attached to its hostile offer for P&O Princess Cruises, people close to the company said today.
Earlier this month, Wal-Mart sent out a news release that, among other things, suggested that the Jonquire store was in financial distress.
To deal with bloated dealer inventories, General Motors cut North American production by 13 percent, to 1.36 million cars and light trucks.
The commission can impose fines of up to 10 percent of Microsoft's global sales if it finds the company guilty of abusing its dominant position, though fines that size are rare.
A federal judge ruled yesterday that a lawsuit that accuses Wal-Mart Stores Inc. of discriminating against women can proceed as a class action covering about 1.6 million current and former employees, making it by far the largest workplace-bias lawsuit in United States history.
Though the size of the acquisition -- of a Taiwanese-owned supermarket chain called Trust-Mart -- may be modest for Wal-Mart, it is a critical one because the Chinese market is becoming much more pivotal in the retailer's overall international strategy.
The strikes now crippling General Motors, while partly about short-term job security and workplace safety disputes, reflect a larger struggle over how far G.M.
Gap Inc founder Donald G Fisher says company is looking for someone with experience running multiple divisions and with general operations as well as marketing experience but not necessarily merchandising experience to replace Millard S Drexler, who said he will resign when replacement is found; photo (M)
In Japan, the situation is reversed, with Fuji holding 65 to 70 percent of the market; Kodak, which holds a much smaller share, has long complained of trade barriers.
Mr. Stickler, the spokesman for Bank of America, disagreed with the recommendation.
Two members of the Ottaway family, a minority partner in Dow Jones & Company, released scathing statements yesterday saying that a takeover by Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation would ruin Dow Jones and its crown jewel, The Wall Street Journal.
Analysts said that Yahoo's warning, in fact, might be even worse news for smaller Internet companies, most of which already are in dire straits.
Representatives for Furukawa and Corning could not be reached for comment.
Boston Scientific said the agency had no complaints about its large factory in Galway, Ireland.
DaimlerChrysler and General Motors accounted for the entire decline, leaving it unclear whether a long-expected decline in sales had begun.
To Microsoft's contention that even deleting 3 percent of the Explorer program would disable some Windows capabilities, the department maintains that those problems could be solved with some slight programming changes.
Citigroup, shaken by leadership turmoil in its early days as America's largest financial services company, has sped up integration of its banking units in headlong effort to prove that commercial bankers and investment bankers can mix; in weeks since co-chairmen of Citigroup ousted their heir apparent, Jamie Dimon, from his post, investment bankers from Travelers' Salomon Smith Barney investment banking unit have been ordered to find a way to merge most of their operations with corporate banking side of Citicorp; photo (M)
''I'm very aggressive with that figure,'' he acknowledged, declaring that whatever money CBS was able to add to the fees would involve no extra costs at all.
Cintas would not comment on the lawsuit.
On Thursday, at a meeting in Las Vegas for plaintiffs' lawyers only, those who are suing Merck, or plan to, expect to discuss specific strategies.
California State University at Dominguez Hills set up a similar program for retired aerospace engineers during the recession in the early 1990's, and Drexel University in Philadelphia joined with General Electric to help about 75 retirees become math and science teachers in local high schools.
''People pay extra money for software they don't need, they don't want and they're entitled to return,'' said Rick Moen, a protest organizer in Foster City, Calif., where the largest crowd gathered on the roof of a parking garage adjacent to the Microsoft sales office there.
Intel, the chip maker, has agreed to pay $300 million to Intergraph of Huntsville, Ala., to settle a long-running dispute that accused Intel of infringing on patents with its Pentium semiconductors.
Fox does not suffer from the same affliction as competitors who are  ''uncomfortable embracing a good-versus-evil canvas,'' argued John Moody, the Fox senior vice president in charge of news.
But in light of Yahoo's continuing difficulties and lagging performance Mr. Semel's handsome compensation has become a focal point of dissatisfaction.
As head of the Federal Communications Commission during the Clinton administration, Reed E. Hundt killed talks about a possible merger in 1997 when he said that a proposed deal between AT&T and SBC would be ''unthinkable'' under antitrust laws.
Thus, Microsoft insists, there is no product-tying violation of antitrust laws.
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter will sell limited access to research by its stock analysts to customers of its Internet brokerage service; move will be first by major brokerage firm to give same-day access to research to customers who do not pay full commissions on stock trades (M)
IBM is introducing lines of data center computers based on its new Power 5 microprocessor, and industry analysts say products will put futher pressure on its rivals Sun Microsystems and Hewlett-Packard (M)
During his unsuccessful campaign 18 months ago, Mr. Dole complained that the Government was wrong to pick on Microsoft.
No Politics for Bill Maher on Amazon?
Apple Computer today became the latest technology company to warn that its earnings would not meet earlier projections.
For years, its maker, Merck, disputed such findings.
But the plan also called for the committee to have some control over newsroom budgets and for a two-year moratorium on cuts in the news staff at Dow Jones, the people familiar with it said.
Intel Corp, defying recent trend, says it plans to continue accounting for employees' stock options the way it has been, which adds no cost to company's bottom line; graph (S)
Although Comcast has said privately that it has no plans to add cash to any offer, analysts note that it could probably put up as much as $8 billion, either by borrowing money or selling some assets.
The shifting rhetoric is a reaction in part to the criticism leveled at AT&T, and in part to a political climate that has prompted candidates in this election year to lament downsizing.
Bristol-Myers Squibb agreed to sell Clairol last month to Procter & Gamble, for $4.95 billion, largely because Clairol vies for the No.
Handset orders soared in the third quarter of 1999, Motorola said, when customers were worried about a wireless-phone components shortage.
Kodak has taken $2.7 billion in charges related to the 23,400 jobs it has already cut.
Video game maker Electronic Arts, citing shortage of latest game machines from Sony, lowers earnings forecast (M)
Ms. Reno said that Microsoft had broken the settlement by requiring computer makers that install Windows 95 to also license and distribute its Internet browser, Internet Explorer.
Motorola lost $1.24 billion on sales of $7.32 billion in last quarter of 2001 (S)
The trade demonstrated Citigroup's market muscle, but also angered European traders who criticized it as, at best, an unseemly use of that power.
While it has always encountered some competition from Wal-Mart and Target, last year the two giant discounters began carrying more toys than ever, with wider variety and lower prices in many cases that brought shoppers running.
Verizon said yesterday that it had received reports of 143 incidents of vandalism or harassment involving its employees or equipment within New York City since the strike began, and believed at least 115 might have involved criminal activity.
Eolas Technologies, a company in Wheaton, Ill., that is not a member of the consortium, recently sued Microsoft for infringing its patent, No.
Bidding to fight poverty with music and megabits, the United Nations Development Program and Cisco Systems Inc., the No.
''Boeing has a big problem and the Air Force will have to change leadership and do some standard makeovers.''
Ms. Druyun, who was vice president and deputy general manager of the company's missile-defense business, is also being investigated by the Defense Department's inspector general over accusations that she gave proprietary financial data to Boeing about a competing aerial tanker bid from Airbus while she was still an Air Force official.
Twenty-two large companies, including International Business Machines, Ford and Citigroup, were named yesterday in a lawsuit charging that they aided the former apartheid government of South Africa, lending support to forced labor, torture and other crimes.
Two men charged in the AT&T Corporation insider-trading case have settled civil charges by agreeing to pay about $43,000 in penalties, the Securities and  Exchange Commission said today.
Vera Barakina, a judge in a regional court in Vereshagino, about 650 miles east of Moscow, ruled that the principal was guilty of installing Windows operating systems and software suites on 12 computers used by his students, and that this had cost Microsoft about $9,700.
Ms. Paugh said Marriott had had no communications with Amalgamated.
The analysts said that SBC and Qwest could use the AT&T and MCI networks as entrees into new parts of the country and, in turn, force Verizon and BellSouth to fight back.
Securities and Exchange Commission reaches settlement with Tyson Foods and its former chairman Donald J Tyson over misleading disclosures surrounding $3 million in perquisites and personal benefits that company gave to Mr Tyson, his wife and friends from 1997 to 2003; Mr Tyson and company settle SEC's suit, neither admitting nor denying wrongdoing; company will pay $1.5 million penalty for violations while Tyson will pay $700.000; photo (M)
David A. Balto, an antitrust lawyer with Robins Kaplan Miller & Ciresi, said Intel's strongly worded response indicated the company considered the suit a real threat.
Microsoft has responded that it is simply enhancing its products and that the Government's action will discourage technological innovation.
Mr. Icahn's battle with Motorola could culminate in a vote at the shareholder meeting, which is expected to take place in May unless the company reaches a settlement with him before then.
But a person close to the situation said Mr. Icahn was angered that General Motors disclosed his plans to buy its shares, driving up the stock price and the cost of his investment.
Indeed, the worm carries a message blaming Bill Gates, Microsoft's chairman, for the vulnerabilities in the company's software.
The American International Group, one of the world's largest insurance companies, said yesterday that the Justice Department had begun a criminal investigation of one of its units over possible violations of federal securities laws.
Google says it will soon begin testing long-awaited system that can block unauthorized copyrighted clips from being uploaded to YouTube; YouTube says it will initially test technology, called video fingerprinting, with group of partners, including Disney and Time Warner, and plans to make it available more widely in next few months (S)
The schemes are said to have stemmed from a leak from an I.B.M.
But Mr. Manson has not encouraged bloggers to reveal that they communicate with Wal-Mart or to attribute information to either the retailer or Edelman, Ms. Williams of Wal-Mart said.
As many as 100,000 lawsuits are expected, and some Wall Street analysts say Merck could eventually pay as much as $50 billion to settle all the cases.
Citigroup, the country's largest financial services company, and MasterCard International, which first tested the PayPass in 2003, are paying for the experiment, with no cost to the authority.
But this failed to impress Microsoft's main critics.
Federal prosecutors and the Securities and Exchange Commission are investigating Merck & Company in connection with Vioxx, the painkiller that was withdrawn from the market in late September because it increased the risk of heart attacks in long-term users.
Buying a $1 billion stake in the Comcast Corporation is part of Microsoft's solution to that problem -- moving beyond personal computer software to become a media company for the 21st century, combining programming, technology and distribution.
AT&T announced quarterly financial results yesterday that it said modestly exceeded analysts' expectations, amid signs that the trends that have devastated parts of its business, if not getting better, are at least not growing worse.
''The strategy at Sun is absolutely the right thing to do,'' Mr. Gillett said, ''but they are doing it from a much weaker position than I.B.M.
Copies of e-mail messages that a Wal-Mart representative sent to bloggers were made available to The New York Times by Bob Beller, who runs a blog called Crazy Politico's Rantings.
If Microsoft is found to have violated antitrust laws, the Justice Department will propose remedies to the judge, leading to a new round of courtroom arguments.
The striking engineers were also skeptical about Boeing's recent statements that it had delivered jets.
Is Wal-Mart afraid no one will buy them if they know what they're getting (or not getting)?
Federal jury finds that Wal-Mart Stores discriminated against disabled Long Island man Patrick Brady who briefly held job at company's Centereach, NY, store and orders company to pay him $7.5 million in damages; Brady, who has cerebral palsy, applied for job in Wal-Mart pharmacy department in summer of 2002 and was hired; he quit not long after he was reassigned to other responsibilities, including collecting garbage and shopping carts from parking lot (M)
But that's Apple's problem, not yours.
The National Transportation Safety Board said today that changes should be made in thousands of Boeing 737's to assure that no more crashes occur because of a single mechanical failure in the plane's rudder control mechanism.
Andrew Butcher, a spokesman for the News Corporation, declined to comment on specific changes other than to say that ''the newsrooms will remain separate,'' adding that he was ''sure there will be consolidation of some parts of the two stations, but I am not sure what they will be yet.''
Microsoft said it believed there was no problem with the clause but said it would drop it from future contracts.
ended, and four months after the commission found that Morgan Stanley had discriminated against women and that Ms. Schieffelin had been denied promotion to managing director because of her sex.
Analysts said the problems faced by Aetna, based in Hartford, were unique as it struggles to integrate acquired companies, soften its aggressive culture and replace several departing senior health insurance executives.
Part of the problem was that in the course of integration, Aetna had lost track of rising health claim costs.
Morgan Stanley's earnings included a $73 million gain before taxes on the sale of a building near Times Square in Manhattan to Lehman, whose former headquarters were damaged in the attack on the World Trade Center.
''What was wrong was that I made the decision to go public on it at the Consumer Electronics Show,'' he said in a recent interview in Intel's Santa Clara headquarters.
Also weighing on the Dow were declines in Boeing, down $2, to $66;  General Motors, lower by $1.71, to $55.18; American Express, down $1.35, to $44.70; and Merck, which fell  $1.10, to $74.
If Microsoft can use its monopoly in operating systems to leverage its way into other areas, then consumers will suffer because of price and quality, and the whole system will suffer from loss of innovation.''
Boeing has been banned from bidding indefinitely on military satellite-launching contracts, a punishment that officials say has already cost it seven launchings worth about $1 billion.
But he would force Microsoft to publish the codes only for Netscape and the other companies that were part of the lawsuit.
The Government contends that taken together the mosaic of Microsoft's misconduct amounts to ''a predatory campaign'' to stifle competition from Internet software and restrict consumer choice.
The bond-rating agency Fitch raised its rating yesterday on Motorola's debt to A- from BBB+, citing the company's stronger cash flow and debt reduction.
JUST last October, Gerald M. Levin of Time Warner Inc. and Rupert Murdoch of the News Corporation had a noisy falling out after the breakdown of a deal to give the News Corporation's Fox News Channel a channel on Time Warner's cable systems in New York City.
''I have the unpleasant task of having to inform you that the VIOXX CV Outcomes Study has been placed on hold,'' a memo dated March 13, 2002, and sent to dozens of Merck employees worldwide, stated.
Broadcom fired a return salvo at Intel yesterday, filing suit to block Intel, the world's largest chip maker, from selling products that Broadcom says are linked to theft of its trade secrets.
Procter's stock price slide yesterday was comparable to that of Philip Morris on April 2, 1993, when the company cut cigarette prices.
Intel's gross margin was 61.8 percent in the fourth quarter, below the company's expectation of 63 percent.
''If I charged one of my customers $50 for a no-show, I'd never see them again,'' said Raymond Buckler, the maitre d'hotel at Felidia, who said the restaurant looked into the American Express program but decided not to sign up.
A.T.& T. cited the persistent recession both in the national economy and the computer business.
From the start, Citigroup had to confront those doubts.
But its stock fell more than 10 percent, the steepest one-day decline in four years, after Coke said it would not meet earnings projections for the year because of weakness in Latin America and difficult weather conditions in some other foreign markets.
Coca-Cola Co's board elects M Douglas Ivester chairman and chief executive, replacing Robert C Goizueta, who died on Oct 18; board does not select a president to replace Ivester; photo (M)
Mr. Gerstner also broke down the fiefs within I.B.M.
But the simple design of the iPod, plus Apple's iTunes store, quickly helped Apple to dominate the market.
''That was reasonably predictable,'' he said, recalling that when Comcast bid for MediaOne, there was speculation that it would pay too much.
''The dismantlement of Microsoft is not a cure-all to break the monopoly of Windows, but at least it sheds light on the general contempt for Microsoft's practices,'' wrote a user identified as Erion.
To correct that violation, Halliburton paid back $191,013 to the affected people in March 2004.
As the National Transportation Safety Board began investigating the fire aboard a Carnival cruise ship on Monday, some passengers said today that they had smelled smoke long before the crew told them of the fire.
But if Time Warner is intent on doing a deal now, the $300 million extra that it would get from EMI, may not be worth the risk.
The catch, of course, is that AT&T would have to assume the risk of trying to sell billions of dollars worth of shares in Time Warner Cable at a time when the stock market generally, and cable stocks in particular, are taking heavy losses.
Apple Computer Inc. will disclose the details of its restructuring plan this week as the struggling company tries to cut its costs by 25 percent.
Three weeks after warning investors that revenue would fall short of estimates, Apple Computer today announced quarterly earnings that narrowly missed even Wall Street's lowered estimates.
The report said Cigna had set aside $104 million for future losses on the investments.
And they see the Cisco lawsuit as a sideshow that will not seriously hinder Huawei's plans.
Entergy Corp, large New Orleans-based utility that is aggressively moving into the business of running nuclear plants for other electricity companies, says it agreed to manage Maine Yankee, state's troubled nuclear plant; says deal, first in industry, is expected to be followed by similar arrangements with other utilities; some energy-industry experts say Maine Yankee management arrangement could be model for other utilities that have costly, troubled plants, many in Northeast (M)
That is a beautiful thing for Yahoo and Google, of course, but in the long term, some analysts think it could haunt them.
Northrop Grumman is in for a tough fight.
But the new flaw may raise more fundamental questions about the Microsoft approach to protecting against viruses and other potentially damaging programs.
James L. Linsey, a lawyer who has sued Wal-Mart on behalf of immigrant janitors, estimates that Wal-Mart used thousands of illegal immigrants to clean more than 1,000 of its stores.
''The excessively long briefs Microsoft seeks to file would burden the court and inevitably delay disposition of the appeal,'' the government wrote.
He added: ''The case showed that Microsoft's abuse of its power in the operating-system market is endemic to its conduct, and any remedy has to deal with that.''
Among eBay's regular auction transactions, 81 percent of payments are made by personal check, a less convenient method than electronic payments because sellers often delay shipment until a check clears.
The groundbreaking nature of the move by Nike was underscored by confusion late yesterday between the company and MTV as to whether the longer commercial would include the credits that always appear in the lower left corner of the screen when MTV shows a music video.
AT&T, MCI and a coalition of smaller carriers adamantly fought provisions to let the Bells provide in-state long-distance service and resell other companies' long-distance services under their own brand names almost immediately.
Andy D. Bryant, Intel's chief financial officer, said competition and pricing pressure were among the company's biggest challenges during the quarter.
His complaint underscores a potential problem for Electronic Arts, which has suffered financial setbacks this year.
The same lack of justification applies to Microsoft's decision not to offer a browserless version of Windows 98 to consumers and OEM's.
At least nine people who logged on to the H & R Block Web site to do their taxes last week ended up with data from other customers' returns mixed in with their own, the company said yesterday.
Campbell Soup Co hires Douglas R Conant as chief executive, fueling speculation that largely family-owned company intends to overcome its troubles by rebuilding instead of seeking sale; photo (M)
Media Talk: Mock Logos, Talk of Feud and CNN Layoffs**New York Post business editor Jon Elsen denies coverage of Cable News Network is biased by Rupert Murdoch, whose News Corp owns Post and who has long feuded with CNN founder Ted Turner; defends illustrations with stories on CNN layoffs that mocked CNN as Cheap News Network and Cruel News Network (M)
''Microsoft,'' the court wrote, ''failed to meet its burden of showing that its conduct serves a purpose other than protecting its operating system monopoly.''
Prominent auto industry see gloom around General Motors Corp and Ford Motor Co, last of independent automobile companies; Merrill Lynch analyst John Casesa says without 'material change' in industry's business model, GM and Ford face crisis that 'will involve restructuring, consolidation, or possibly even mergers with other partners'; Goldman Sachs analyst Gary Lapidus says status quo may be untenable, while credit rating agency Egan-Jones says Ford would be bankrupt if not for its blue-chip brand name; latest sign of economic trouble comes from Ford, which says it will cut second-quarter production 17 percent; war worries appear to be halting years of booming North American sales; rising gas prices are also wearing on Detroit's SUV sales; graph; photo (M)
And as 1998 nears its end, he concedes that his contribution so far -- $75 million in the form of roughly a million shares of Time Warner stock -- has fallen a bit short of the target.
Pfizer has been counting on the new medicine to eventually replace the $13 billion in annual sales from the cholesterol-lowering drug Lipitor, which loses patent protection in 2010.
and Novell, as Microsoft fights against possible fines of up to 2 million euros a day for failing to carry out sanctions imposed by the commission, lawyers for one of those companies said.
''At least this shows they are out of the denial stage,'' said Michael Mayo, an analyst with Prudential Financial, who has a sell rating on Citigroup's stock and says the company could be forced to pay billions in legal judgments and regulatory fines.
The Interpublic Group of Companies in New York said yesterday that it would place a shareholder proposal to sell the company on the proxy for the 2005 annual meeting, after the Securities and Exchange Commission denied a request by the company to exclude the plan.
The National Federation of the Blind sued Target, contending that the company's inaction violated the Americans with Disabilities Act because the Web site is essentially an extension of its other public accommodations, and as such, should be easily accessible to people with disabilities.
General Motors, the Ford Motor Company and Chrysler were already losing market share to foreign automakers before Sept. 11, but the attacks led to domestic parts shortages because of transportation problems, some production cuts and the new incentives.
But in both cases, Coca-Cola maintained that the substances it detected were present in amounts too tiny to have made anyone ill.
The head of Time Warner's consumer book division announced his resignation yesterday, surprising employees who have seen the publisher rebound after being put up for sale just two years ago.
That way, Citigroup earns fees or commissions, without shouldering the expense and risk of providing the insurance itself.
Itex Corp, which brokers and records barter exchanges, files suit to bar individuals known only by their on-line handles from posting defamatory statements against firm on Yahoo message boards; Yahoo says it is not responsible for messages and has no way of knowing who posted them; suit spurs further derogatory postings; drawing (S)
That will be followed by what is certainly a coup for Time Warner's cross-platform marketing: Prime Minister Tony Blair of Britain (who received an advance copy of the film) will be interviewed by Christiane Amanpour on the subject of global poverty, followed by a filmed segment of Ms. Amanpour reporting from an impoverished village in Ethiopia.
The incidence of heart attacks and strokes among patients given Pfizer's painkiller Bextra was more than double that of those given placebos, according to preliminary results of a study presented yesterday at the American Heart Association meeting in New Orleans.
And competition from reloaders -- companies that collect housings from single-use cameras and refill them with cheaper film -- have forced Kodak to lower prices on its single-use cameras.
Coalition of political and community leaders that helped force Nielsen Media Research to postpone changes in way it gathers data for local television programming in New York plans to hold news conferences and rallies in Chicago and Los Angeles in bid to dissuade company from changing its rating system in those cities; holds new rating system would severely undercount black and Hispanic viewers; Nielsen dismisses protests as drive orchestrated by News Corp's Fox television stations and their public relations firms (M)
Some circuits have been rerouted to other Verizon central offices in Lower Manhattan.
Mr. Cullinan of Yahoo disputed those claims.
If Pfizer does not meet the $15 million in savings it has guaranteed, the company will pay the state the difference.
California State University system, nation's largest network of universities, is enmeshed in spirited battle over proposal to recognize four companies as exclusive providers of networking, telecommunications and computing technology; under proposal, called California Educational Technology Initiative, four companies would invest more than $300 million to install and maintain computing and communications equipment; students and faculty members are attacking plan as anti-competitive and threat to principles of higher education; major concern of critics is that initiative's business plan calls for partners to generate revenues as high as $3 billion over 10 years by marketing services like high-speed Internet access to students and faculty members, who would become captive audience for partners' products; companies are GTE, Fujitsu, Hughes Electronics and Microsoft Corp; photo (M)
Amazon's fierce No.
In his written, direct testimony, Mr. Rose took issue with a Government accusation: that Microsoft threatened in 1996 to cancel Compaq's license to sell Windows with its computers when Compaq began loading Netscape on its machines.
But investors decided in 2005 that Verizon may not be worth the extra money any more.
In an op-ed article in The Wall Street Journal yesterday, John C. Whitehead, the former chairman of Goldman Sachs, who now heads the corporation responsible for rebuilding Lower Manhattan, accused Mr. Spitzer of declaring ''war between us'' and warning that Mr. Whitehead would ''pay dearly for what you have done.''
''Microsoft's efforts to pre-empt threats to this control will, in part, inhibit the emergence of other potential paradigm shifts'' -- a rerun, the Government warns, of how Microsoft dispatched the first wave of the Internet challenge.
Federal prosecutors bring first insider trading charges after probe into possible illegal trading that occurred in shares of Lotus Development Corp before it was bought by IBM in 1995; Robert M Cassano and Gerad P Mazzone are accused of participating in schemes that generated $200,000 in illegal profits for total of six people; schemes allegedly stemmed from leak from IBM employee, a relative of Cassano's, concerning IBM's confidential plans to buy Lotus; relative has not been identified; Cassano is accused of passing merger information on to Mazzone, and suggesting that he buy shares of Lotus and secretly share any profits with him; Mazzone is said to have told three other people about pending Lotus offer; Mazzone is also charged with witness tampering and perjury in connection with his attempts to dissuade witness from testifying truthfully to Securities and Exchange Commission (M)
So it was not surprising that several telephone calls to executives at Western and Interpublic in Los Angeles and New York were not returned.
Microsoft plans to make the case  that America Online's purchase of Netscape Communications for $10 million this year seriously undermines the Government's argument that Microsoft is a monopolist with no serious competition.
Pfizer received a so-called use patent for Viagra from the Chinese in 2001, a decision that was challenged by producers of generic drugs.
Kelly Brooks, a spokesman for Coca-Cola in Atlanta, said on Friday that Berlin Cameron/Red Cell would produce more ads for Coke Classic carrying the ''Real'' theme, as well as additional work for C2, a struggling new soda.
Those services generate additional cash flow, which analysts expect Comcast will need to reduce the $20 billion in AT&T debt it is taking on in the deal.
Motley Fool, popular personal finance site on the Internet, is expected to announce that Coca-Cola president C Patrick Garner will become its new chief executive (S)
The critics contend that the public is still confused about what happened in the tire-related crashes, and that Ford needs to reassure customers.
Firestone and Ford Motor have made considerable progress in their investigations into tire-related crashes that have killed more than 100 Americans, mostly in Ford Explorers, but they remain divided on some basic issues as they present their results to regulators this week; Ford's newest finding is that Firestone factory in Decatur, Ill, followed procedures different from those at other factories in handling rubber and other incoming materials, and these procedures may have allowed quality of materials to degrade (M)
The investigations are in addition to hundreds of lawsuits Merck is facing from people claiming to have been injured by Vioxx and lawsuits from shareholders claiming the company misled investors.
Ms. Barad, Mr. Greenberg of Investco said, is managing in a difficult environment because in some ways Mattel is a victim of its position in the marketplace.
''Competition will make it difficult for Microsoft to raise prices, and to keep extending its very expensive, one-size-fits-all approach to selling Office.''
Bank of America, Deutsche Bank, Lehman Brothers and Merrill Lynch -- which provided the debt financing -- all made the adviser list, as did Jeffries & Company and the media banking boutique AGM Partners.
Physicists cautioned that despite the impressive achievement, Intel still has to prove that it can further increase the speed and lower the power requirements before it can move ahead with a commercial product.
Mattel, analysts say, flooded the market with too many holiday-season versions, which forced retailers to cut prices sharply to unload aisles of unsold dolls.
Earlier this year, a merchant using the eBay seller name Liquidationuniverse, which sold computers on eBay and displayed the SquareTrade logo, took orders from hundreds of customers and then failed to deliver the items.
While the eight executives have criticized the Morgan Stanley board's support for Mr. Purcell as a failure of corporate governance, there have been no major questions of fraud, a collapsing stock price or excessive compensation that would ordinarily pique the interest of public funds.
The Ford Motor Company's bruised credit rating suffered another blow on Thursday as Fitch downgraded the automaker's debt but left it out of junk bond territory.
The European Commission ruled in 2004 that Microsoft had abused its monopoly power and ordered it to offer a version of its Windows operating system stripped of a media player, to open up that market for competing software offered by RealNetworks and Apple.
Dozens of lobbying groups, some of them receiving financing from Exxon Mobil, are relying on these contrarians as experts, Mr. Ward said.
The report led Pfizer's battered shares to plunge $2.07, to $21.90, closing at their lowest level since December 1997.
Correction of Aug 25 article on investigation into possible collapse of hedge funds run by Bayou Group; brokerage firm that cleared its trades was Spear, Leeds & Kellogg unit of Goldman Sachs
Until Xerox's warning on Oct. 8, analysts had expected third-quarter earnings to be 58 cents a share.
Some trade specialists regard the commission's tough stance on Microsoft, combined with its investigations of Intel and Qualcomm, as part of the trend in Brussels to use antitrust measures to pursue a policy of managed competition.
In his letter, Mr. Markey expressed concern that Comcast's traffic tracking violated federal privacy provisions.
Mr. Reed noted that last year Verizon's board canceled 209,660 restricted shares Mr. Seidenberg was to receive.
The settlement came almost two months after a panel from the American Arbitration Association ruled against Interpublic in a contract dispute with the executive, Marvin Sloves.
Microsoft could lessen that price disadvantage if it decided to add Media Center functionality to its Xbox video game system.
The losses had less to do with the underlying health of General Motors or other companies than with the relationship between the various layers, which failed to perform according to quantitative models devised by traders.
For all its animosity, the Medinol battle has been viewed on Wall Street as less crucial to Boston Scientific's prospects than its still unresolved patent lawsuits with Johnson & Johnson, its main rival in the market for stents, which are metal mesh scaffolds inserted into blood vessels after blockages are cleared.
's lawsuit is in federal district court in Atlanta, where a motion to dismiss, filed by Citigroup, is pending.
Firestone and Ford Motor have made considerable progress in their investigations into the tire-related crashes that have killed more than 100 Americans, mostly in Ford Explorers, but they remained divided on some basic issues as they presented their results to regulators this week, people close to the inquiries said.
Verizon Wireless plans to take measures to serve emergency communication needs of government, rather than carry out limited form of priority access (S)
Last July, Microsoft announced that it was investigating a sale of Slate, which has about 30 full-time employees; the software company had found that a Web magazine of cultural criticism and political analysis had little relevance to its primary business.
Two credit rating agencies, Standard & Poor's and Moody's, cut their debt ratings on the Russian oil company Yukos, citing concerns that the company may be forced into insolvency if the company has to pay a $3.5 billion tax penalty.
Prince forced him to resign in October after an internal review concluded that Mr. Jones and two other senior bank executives were responsible for a breakdown in oversight at Citigroup's private banking operations in Japan.
The year-to-year profit comparison was inflated because last year at this time Morgan Stanley and other securities firms were suffering through a stock and bond markets slump that began with Russia's default on its debt in August 1998.
Unions representing more than 86,000 customer service workers and technicians at Verizon Communications continued to wrangle with the company over several issues yesterday, extending a telephone strike now in its 11th day.
But this time, Amazon is discounting the book by about 40 percent and barely broke even on it, Amazon's chief financial officer, Tom Szkutak, told investors on a conference call.
Intel, giant computer chip maker, seems to have lost its way lately; has publicly canceled succession of high-profile projects, replaced managers in money-losing ventures and fallen behind Advanced Micro Devices in introducing technologies in markets it has long dominated; Paul S Otellini, who will become chief executive in May, plans strategy shift; Intel, previously obsessed with making ever-faster chips, now focuses on complete systems aimed at both computing and consumer electronics markets; Otellini says recent missteps are result of overoptimistic marketing, interview; stock price graph; drawing (M)
That is one way to view the announcement yesterday by Citigroup that it plans to sell a 20 percent stake in its Travelers Property Casualty unit to the public next year and then to spin off the rest to its shareholders.
The troubles have included staggering losses of money (over $700 million in the last two quarters), talent (deep layoffs and the resignations of key executives), market share (down to 7 percent of all PC's sold, from 10 percent a year ago), confidence (the humiliating recall of Apple's flawed Powerbook laptop computers) and momentum (software developers defecting to Microsoft).
Several industry analysts said the impact of the economy on Oracle might have been intensified by the recent departure of several high-level managers to other companies, including Ray Lane, the company's former president, who resigned last year.
''The issue of Microsoft always being viewed as having an agenda, of trying to impose standards, is very important here,'' said Gerald Heeger, president of the University of Maryland University College, which had an enrollment of more than 21,000 students in its on-line courses last year.
California Public Employees Retirement System is set to release list of 10 target companies for 1997, firms in its indexed portfolio whose stocks have performed worst compared to industry peers over long term; will seek to press management and directors for change and sponsor shareholder resolutions and proxy contests if companies do not respond; list includes Apple Computer and Reebok International (M)
But in the Wal-Mart fight, we're seeing that whether you voted for Bush or have an N.R.A.
After threatening to take over the operations themselves if Exxon refused to return, Pertamina officials have in recent weeks set a series of deadlines and optimistic predictions of Exxon's return.
Apple's renewed fortunes are all the more striking at a time when the rest of the personal computer industry is mired in price wars and slowing growth.
Had Forrest Gump bought Apple at the closing price on its first day as a publicly traded company and held it for five years, he would have lost more than 30 percent of his money, said Tim Loughran, a finance professor at the University of Notre Dame who studies initial public offerings.
Aetna Inc, struggling health insurance giant, will eliminate about 6,000 jobs, or one-sixth of its work force, as it struggles to regain profitability; has lost 1.8 million health plan members in 2001 (M)
Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Minnesota says it is encouraging its members to buy their 90-day prescriptions for chronic problems at retail stores, bucking national trend among health care plans of forcing workers to order drugs from mail-order pharmacies to cut costs; some consumers have complained that mail odering is not safe or convenient as shopping at local pharmacy, while local drugstores have been struggling to cope with loss of business; participating employers will get same discounted prices for three-month prescriptions that are filled in stores as they would by mail; Blue Cross says in-store co-payments on some long=term prescriptions may be slightly higher than through mail; Al Heaton, director of pharmacy for Minnesota Blue Cross, says return to in-store prescriptions 'is the beginning of a trend'; drugstores may be required to lower their own prices to participate in Minnesota Blue Cross program and compete with mail-order discounts; Target has made Blue Cross program available in its pharmacies since February; about one-third of 900 pharmacies in Minnesota are participating, and spokesman for Walgreen says it expects to add 90-day Blue Cross program next month at its Minnesota stores (M)
Lockheed Martin Corp, signaling end of major mergers in nation's military industry, abandons its planned $8.3 billion acquisition of Northrop Grumman Corp, deal that Govt opposed on antitrust ground; after months of negotiations between companies and Govt to avoid court fight over transaction, Lockheed says that efforts to reach pretrial settlement with its biggest customer were 'not successful'; Lockheed board votes to end takeover that would have vastly enlarged nation's biggest military supplier; profiles of Lockheed Martin and Northrop Grumman; charts (L)
The company said options expenses might be lower in 2005, but most analysts lowered their I.B.M.
But many blind people cannot spend as much time reading Braille as they might like because the ''cost of Braille means it's not even affordable to most sight-impaired people,'' said Marvin Cowens, a polymer chemist at Texas Instruments Inc.
To make matters worse, Boeing's factories were soon overwhelmed by parts shortages.
American Express to Cut Ties to Processor Involved in Data Breach
In an admission that could undermine one of its core defenses in Vioxx-related lawsuits, Merck said yesterday that it had erred when it reported in early 2005 that a crucial statistical test showed that Vioxx caused heart problems only after 18 months of continuous use.
Royal Caribbean is expected to argue that its deal would do less harm, because the two survivors would have roughly the same market share in North America, people close to the company said.
But the Newton ultimately failed, as did several more recent attempts, including a pen-based I.B.M.
For Microsoft, the credibility issue has become enough of a problem that Federal District Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson joked that Microsoft's lawyer was embarking on a ''heroic endeavor'' when he began questioning Mr. Rosen this morning.
''The government's main argument for a breakup,'' said Eleanor M. Fox, a professor at New York University law school, ''is that we can't trust Microsoft -- that it has squeezed out competitors in the past and it will continue to squeeze out competitors.''
The Supreme Court handed a major tactical victory to the Microsoft Corporation today when it rejected the government's plea to hear the appeal of its landmark antitrust case immediately and instead returned the proceeding to a lower court.
Including problems with its Isuzu Motors affiliate in Japan, General Motors said net income for the second quarter slid 73 percent from the period a year earlier.
But with demand down, I.B.M.
James Murdoch, the 28-year-old son of the chairman of the News Corporation, Rupert Murdoch, stunned listeners at a business conference last week when he disparaged Falun Gong, a religious group that has been banned by the Chinese government, and criticized Western news organizations for portraying China in a harsh light.
Researchers at IBM and Georgia Institute of Technology are set to announce that they have broken speed record for silicon-based chips with semiconductor that operates at 500 gigahertz, 250 times faster than chips currently in use; researchers, using liquid helium, achieved speed by freezing chip to 451 degrees below zero Fahrenheit; at room temperature, chips operate at 350 gigahertz, far faster than other chips in commercial use today (M)
''Both sides had to confront the valuation disparity between media companies and Internet companies,'' said Jeffrey Sine, a media investment banker at Morgan Stanley Dean Witter, which is a long-time adviser to Time Warner.
That provided an opportunity for Leslie Moonves, the chief executive of CBS, to seek a solution to one of the biggest problems his network faced: chronic ratings failure by its news division.
Mr. Dix and Mr. Mackay of Pfizer said a seasonal flu vaccine could reach the market in four or five years.
That amount was part of a deal to give Microsoft 10 percent of the first-dollar box-office gross receipts, less than before but still considerable given Microsoft's lack of a track record.
A merger between P&O Princess and Royal Caribbean, which is also based in Miami, would combine the No.
Microsoft had not been the top holding of Fidelity since the end of 1999, said James Lowell, who edits a newsletter about Fidelity funds.
Mr. Bidart, of the Shernoff, Bidart, Darras & Arkin law firm in Claremont, Calif., said that Aetna had denied coverage on the grounds that the bone-marrow treatment was experimental and thus not covered, but that the insurance policy covering Mr. Goodrich had no such exclusion.
European Commission stops clock in its probe into planned acquisition by General Electric of Finnish medical equipment company Instrumentarium, pushing back Aug 18 deadline for ruling on deal; GE says it still expects to close deal by end of September; deal is also under examination in US (M)
Redmond (BNN) -- World leaders reacted with stunned silence as Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) conducted an underground nuclear test at a secret facility in eastern Washington State.
Paul S Pressler steps down as chief executive of Gap Inc; clears way for potential buyers to install their own chief executive; Pressler's changes in fashion and store layouts left customers confused; he was unable to turn around ailing retail business; photo (M)
Mr. Klein's documents are at the heart of a class-action lawsuit brought by the Electronic Frontier Foundation, an advocacy group, asking a federal court to bar AT&T from turning over customer records to the government without proper court authorization.
Bell Atlantic executives have been frustrated by what they called AT&T's sluggishness in teaming with other key contractors -- particularly the General Instrument Corporation, which will supply digital-compression technology and set-top controllers for TV sets.
Antitrust sanctions against the Microsoft Corporation should seek to repair the damage the company's illegal conduct did to competition and consumers in addition to preventing a repetition of its misdeeds, an economics expert told a federal judge yesterday.
Under the terms of the WorldCom settlement, Citigroup will pay $1.46 billion to settle claims of investors who bought WorldCom bonds issued in May 2000 and May 2001.
Dr. Kim of Merck said he first learned of the new data on heart attacks and strokes on Thursday evening last week, when he got a call from an independent committee of scientists who were monitoring the colon polyp study.
The complaint opened a new chapter in Microsoft's long-running battle with competition regulators.
BellSouth and Joseph Safra, one of Brazil's wealthiest bankers, are engaged in dispute that may result in big and messy corporate debt renegotiation; dispute touched off default last week on $375 million debt payment by BCP SA, large Brazilian wireless communications company; BellSouth and unit of Safra's financial group, which jointly control BCP, have sharply differed over how to honor BCP's obligations to foreign creditors; Safra's representatives complicate dispute by offering to inject $325 million in cash into BCP immediately and urging BellSouth to do same; offer is essentially met with silence from BellSouth, with spokesman saying company needs time to analyze proposal; decision to miss payment last week was preceded by series of tense negotiations between BellSouth executives and Safra's respresentatives in Sao Paulo; ABN Amro and Citigroup are part of group of 20 banks that risk losses from their exposure to BCP's debt; BellSouth chief executive F Duane Ackerman has insisted on restructuring debt of BCP; photo (M)
Growing number of discount retailers are opening design studios in New York, ensuring their lower-income customers will get latest in fashion trends; for decades, clothing vendors have held back most fashionable clothes from far-away discount chains, leaving stores like Kohl's, Kmart and Wal-Mart to sell last season's trends, year after year; now discount retailers with new design offices in Manhattan will no longer have to wait for permission from clothing suppliers to carry stylish merchandise; but chains are not advertising their arrival in New York, perhap being uneasy about their presence in city whose designers have long scoffed at discount retailing; photos; map of Lower Manhattan showing location of design studios opened by Kohl's, Wal-Mart and Sears/Kmart (M)
And Microsoft finds the upcoming testimony even more offensive.
Apple Computer Posts Loss; Sale Advice May Be Sought
I appreciate your reminder on the terms of the settlement and can assure you that no one at Morgan Stanley will violate the settlement agreement's prohibition against denying the Commission's allegations.
Go to support.microsoft.com and search the Knowledge Base for Article ID No.
Analysts say investors harbor a good deal of ill will for the old Waste Management, which had a history of mismanagement, accounting discrepancies and earnings disappointments, and which had to revise earnings from 1992 through 1997 downward by $3.5 billion.
A proposal to close a loophole that lets companies avoid taxes by acquiring a mailbox in Bermuda would force Boeing, Kodak, Disney and other large exporters to pay higher taxes, while giving new breaks to General Motors, Ford and other companies with factories overseas, supporters and critics of the plan said yesterday.
Unable to do the same, Edison and Pacific Gas and Electric have had to pay up to $1,400 a megawatt-hour for electricity, while charging customers about $64.
Wal-Mart hired Edelman last year and, since then, the firm has developed a number of new public relations initiatives for the retailer, including a rapid-response war room at its headquarters in Bentonville, Ark, and an outside advocacy group called Working Families for Wal-Mart.
Antitrust regulators at the European Commission are threatening to block the $165 billion merger of Time Warner and America Online, as both sides prepare to negotiate a possible settlement over the next week.
Joe Ettore, chief executive of Ames stores, argues that for him the battle with Wal-Mart is already over.
Those expectations have fallen in recent months as information technology spending has further stagnated, and the decline has hampered sales of Oracle's database; sales and service of the database, Oracle's flagship product, make up 70 percent of the company's revenue.
This approach has been promoted by some of Microsoft's harshest critics -- for months by Gary L. Reback, a former legal adviser to the rival Netscape Communications Corporation, and more recently by Robert H. Bork, the former Federal judge, who is a consultant to Netscape.
A Microsoft security official said the company had decided to publicize the potential threat to allow computer users to be vigilant for an attack.
With the move, Procter acknowledged that it had tried to remake itself into a more aggressive company too rapidly and that its core brands, which include Crest, Pringles and Tide, had suffered as it focused on developing new products.
Citigroup executives also said that the division did not offer cross-selling opportunities.
Negotiations between AOL and Microsoft have been hot and cold for several months, people involved say, because Microsoft is unsure which of its business units to contribute to a potential partnership.
''I am extremely disappointed in the news and the manner in which this news was released,'' said Mayor William A. Johnson Jr. of Rochester, who was informed of Kodak's announcement while visiting Florida.
Marsh & McLennan, based in New York, has indicated it is not interested in being taken over, and a recent rise in its stock price has made it less vulnerable.
is already examining accusations by California utility regulators and Southern California Edison that El Paso's marketing affiliate used its control of the pipeline space last year to curtail the flow of gas so that it could drive up prices during winter.
Verizon Wireless products and services will also be placed in episodes of ''Smallville,'' Mr. Davis said, but the placements ''will not be overt,'' to avoid alienating viewers.
In an interview, Mr. Semel said the latest delay came after Yahoo's engineers said the new service needed more time for testing with clients.
Microsoft's history, they say, is one of doing everything technically possible to bind computer users to its Windows technology and to make it difficult for them to switch.
The last time a big bank made a hostile deal was back in 1996, when Wells Fargo acquired First Interstate Bancorp, but these days ''deal jumping'' is commonplace.
PeopleSoft defies fears on Wall Street that its software business will suffer from uncertainty caused by hostile takeover bid from Oracle, telling analysts it expects to beat their second-quarter earnings projections by comfortable margin; remains unclear whether PeopleSoft's results represent sustainable improvement in company's business; chief executive Craig Conway comments; photo (Market Place column) (M)
That is difficult because Microsoft is, after all, only 24 years old.
Analysts have grown accustomed to Microsoft's pattern of greatly exceeding its quarterly estimates, only to have the company's executives offer a sobering outlook based on perceived threats to its continued prosperity.
After Morgan Stanley fired Ms. Schieffelin, the commission added a retaliation charge to her complaint against the firm.
Amazon ultimately ships them to customers when they are ordered online (and charges the seller a variable fee based partly on the weight of the item and the shipping cost).
Boeing was named in the suit because mechanical failure has not been ruled out, Mr. Baker said.
Their subsidiaries, Pacific Gas and Electric and Southern California Edison, the state's two largest utilities, have said millions of dollars they owe to power generators is due Tuesday and they are  warning they may not have enough cash to pay.
A Microsoft official, acknowledging yesterday that the worm disrupts a computer's operations, said it did not appear to destroy files on the hard drive or permanently damage the machine.
Professor Shapiro argued that the court should impose rules that would lower the barrier to competition in the operating system market by approximately the same amount that Microsoft's illegal acts had raised it.
Growing delays in rail traffic since Union Pacific Railroad became the nation's largest railway have cost Texas businesses $762 million, and the losses could climb to $1.3 billion, according to a study commissioned by state regulators.
Boeing to Raise Output and, Then, Cut Jobs
In his videotaped testimony, Mr. Gates, according to a person who was informed of Mr. Gates's replies, has hewed to the company's line throughout the case, denying any wrongdoing in its pursuit of the market for software used to browse the Internet -- the main focus of the case against Microsoft.
One source of uncertainty had been the increasingly aggressive posture of Wal-Mart, the major nationwide retail pharmacy competitor to CVS and Walgreen.
AMONG the members of the Society of Working Americans Resenting Microsoft (Swarm), the chief gripe is that Microsoft has gotten obscenely rich by exploiting the innovations of others.
Microsoft agreed to eliminate those complaints from the oral arguments because the company wanted to concentrate on the legal issues, a spokesman said.
In the trial, Microsoft is expected to argue its advance in the browser market was the result of its own business acumen and Netscape's missteps.
The government also abandoned a central claim of the lawsuit: that Microsoft had violated federal antitrust law by integrating its Internet Explorer browser software into its Windows operating system.
The critics said that Oracle was suffering more from competitive pressures than it admits, and is feeling the impact of several management departures.
''We've not seen a recovery in any of the major markets and we have severe weakness in Japan,'' said John G. Connors, chief financial officer of Microsoft.
Microsoft had called its Web services initiative Hailstorm, a name that raised eyebrows given the company's aggressive ways and the federal court ruling that it is a monopolist that has repeatedly violated antitrust laws.
Whatever its cause, the sales decline could not have come at a worse time for Kodak.
Shares of Coca-Cola have fallen 2.6 percent since Mr. Daft's announcement last Thursday.
Ms. Kroes, who will visit New York later this week to meet with her United States counterparts, said Microsoft's stalling tactics were failing, as far as she was concerned.
Electronic Arts, based in Redwood City, Calif., recently lowered its full-year revenue estimates to $3.3 billion to $3.4 billion, from $3.4 billion to $3.5 billion, in part blaming a delay in the release of its game The Godfather, which will not be sold until next spring.
The biggest obstacle to a settlement is the issue concerning the bundling of Microsoft's audio and video playing program, Media Player, into its Windows operating system.
H&R Block entered the subprime mortgage industry in 1997, when it acquired Option One from Fleet Financial.
Coca-Cola's efforts to end its image crisis came as officials from the European Union said they wanted to review all data on the causes of the scare.
AT&T Rejects Comcast Offer On Cable Unit; Halts Spinoff
I had been loath to phone, fearing that A.T. & T. would dispatch platoons of technicians to my home, as well as to the Finch home.
2nd Quarter At Citigroup Disappoints Investors
So a pair of MCI phones would cost as little as $1,350, or one-third less than an A.T.& T. pair, even after the price cut.
But Gary Gensler, a former under secretary of the Treasury under Mr. Clinton who also worked for Mr. Friedman at Goldman Sachs, predicted that Mr. Friedman would have little trouble.
The News Corporation, which had planned to sell part of its global satellite businesses to the public next month, has postponed the sale because of market conditions, a person close to the company said yesterday.
Latin America could also prove troublesome to Citigroup, Mr. Mayo said, pointing to elections in Brazil in early October.
Bank of America plans to leave two businesses: auto leasing, which has been hurt by declining prices for used cars, and mortgage lending to borrowers with poor credit histories, known as subprime lending, which has been hurt by weakness in economy that has led to rising delinqencies (M)
Johnson & Johnson, though, contends that the handful of cases of red cell aplasia in users of its competitors' drugs are evidence that the problem, whatever it is, goes beyond Eprex.
Since peaking in July 2000, Pfizer has fallen almost 50 percent, and its shares now trade near their lowest level since early 1998.
Microsoft executives have repeatedly warned of severe harm to the nation's economy should Windows 98 be held up.
Without discounts from Apple, iPod promotions can be costly for some businesses.
Wal-Mart Stores is threatening to wrest away business from Toys 'R' Us, biggest toy retailer in the country; Toys 'R' Us turned in embarrassingly weak profits for fiscal fourth quarter ended Jan 31, even though industry as a whole had one of its best holiday seasons in a decade; Toys 'R' Us's problems are affecting others in the industry; Mattel Inc and Hasbro Inc warn that decline in business from Toys 'R' Us, their biggest customer, will result in first-quarter sales coming in below expectations; Toys 'R' Us's new chief executive Robert C Nakasone plans to lay out new strategy in conference call to financial analysts; key to his strategy is makeover of stores designed to attract--and to retain--older children while persuading parents that it will no longer be a chore to find popular items such as Barbie; graphs; photos (L)
The protesters asked to see Gerald M. Levin, the chairman of Time Warner, which is the parent company of the Warner Brothers Records label.
Intel shares have fallen 57 percent since August.
Boeing bought the Rockwell International Corporation's weapons and aerospace units in a $860 million deal last August.
In an order issued late last week in Philadelphia, a federal judge tentatively agreed to certify the agents' lawsuit as a class action, sharply raising the stakes in the case and the pressure on Allstate to begin negotiations toward a settlement, the legal experts said.
The document, prepared in October 2006 by the company's former advertising agency and based on interviews with scores of consumers, offers a candid, wide-ranging explanation for why Wal-Mart, the No.
Intel was hurt by a drop in the vigorous market for computers in South Korea, but it still had brisk sales in Taiwan and China.
AT&T's board rejected Comcast's July offer, but Comcast has since re-entered negotiations with AT&T.
In both countries, analysts said, Wal-Mart simply failed to build operations large enough to compete with dominant local merchants -- it had just 16 stores in South Korea and 85 in Germany -- or to cater adequately to local tastes.
After a 14-month investigation into the business practices of the Coca-Cola Company, Italian competition authorities will issue a report today that accuses the soft-drink giant of using its market dominance to try to drive out smaller competitors, including Pepsico Inc., its chief rival around the world.
But the ante was raised last week when two Citigroup executives, including the co-chief executive, John S. Reed, resigned from Visa's board after the association failed to meet Citigroup's demand that the ''Citi'' brand name be more heavily promoted on television commercials and on the cards.
Excluding the charges, Apple's loss from operations was $186 million, or $1.48 a share.
Moody's said that Computer Associates was in no danger of a cash crisis but that the declining cash flow raised questions about the company's long-term health.
But Mr. Sullivan said that so far Microsoft's results did not have the quality of Google and Yahoo and were more open to manipulation by site owners.
In one example, the complaint charges that I.B.M.
But is the Microsoft Corporation's sterling image losing some of its luster?
In early 1996, within weeks of learning about the meningitis epidemic from an Internet site, Pfizer, the world's largest pharmaceutical company, sent a six-member research team to the Infectious Disease Hospital in Kano, Nigeria, a strife-torn city suffering concurrent epidemics of bacterial meningitis, measles and cholera.
The cancellation of the swap with Morgan Stanley drew a negative reaction from Standard & Poor's, the debt-rating agency.
The litigation has driven down the price of Halliburton's stock.
By day's end, Microsoft had fallen $12.3125, to $66.625, in heavy trading, with more than 155 million shares changing hands.
Initially, Huawei denied the charges; then it admitted that some code found in Cisco's machines was present in its own.
The dispute involves Yan Gang, chief executive at the Citic Guoan Group in China, and Sir Martin Sorrell, chief executive of the WPP Group, the world's second-largest agency company behind the Omnicom Group.
Boeing and Airbus say they are excited about outlook for their newest planes, Boeing's medium-size, fuel-efficient 7E7 and Airbus's double-deck A380, but Airbus seems to be winning publicity war, at least at Farnborough, Eng, air show; two planes symbolize different views of development of air travel; Boeing believes that airlines will be serving growing number of direct routes between cities, using midsize planes; Airbus sees world of hub cities connected by high-capacity planes; each suggests that the other has made ruinously bad bet, and they exchange barbs over government subsidies; photos (M)
The verdict is the fourth multimillion-dollar loss for Merck, Vioxx's maker, in litigation over the drug.
Both Priceline and Expedia buy blocks of hotel rooms at wholesale rates and then sell them to those who bid higher prices.
But by then Merck had a test under way to answer the aspirin question and the interim findings were not promising.
Target Chain, Citing Costs, to Stop Selling Cigarettes
And one executive said that Time Warner, one of Court TV's owners, would not guarantee that Discovery, a competitor, could keep the eight million or so homes that get Court TV on Time Warner cable systems.
Microchips In Microcosm; Failed Partnership Is a Lens For Viewing U.S.-Intel Suit
Jurors begin deliberations in workplace hazards case brought against IBM by former employees James Moore and Alida Hernandez, who claim company knowingly exposed them to dangerous chemicals that ultimately gave them cancer (M)
And yesterday, after a frantic week of internal huddles and meetings with regulators, Merck announced that it would withdraw the drug from the worldwide market.
The dire nature of the results underscored what analysts on Wall Street said on Feb. 27, when Interpublic's board unexpectedly shook up top management: that the catalyst for the sudden changes was a worsening of the financial woes of Interpublic, the world's second-largest agency company, particularly at the McCann-Erickson World Group, the largest division.
Microsoft Corp is expected to reorganize itself into divisions focused on different customer groups rather than on products; such a change would be big shift in orientation for a company that has long emphasized engineering over marketing; Microsoft spokeswoman Marianne Allison insists that no decision has been made on such a move; she declines to either confirm or deny article in The Seattle Times that first reported a coming reorganization (M)
Federal government and states, partners in antitrust suit against Microsoft, expected to file joint proposal on remedies in case and back plan to break Microsoft into two companies; joint proposal had been in doubt before elements were included that state officials proposed to strengthen interim restrictions on Microsoft's conduct; Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson set Apr 28 as deadline for filing proposal; state officials say remarks by leaders of Microsoft helped harden opinions among some attorneys general and rally support around plan for breakup; cite William H Gates's recent interview, in which he claims Microsoft did 'absolutely nothing wrong,' even after Judge Jackson had called some Microsoft conduct 'predatory' and illegal in his ruling (M)
Two giants in the business of books struck a $200 million deal today to become partners in a global network to sell titles in all major languages on line, posing a powerful competitive threat to the electronic commerce pioneer Amazon.com.
Last June, a federal appeals court here found that Microsoft had repeatedly violated Section 2 of the act by abusing its monopoly power in the software industry.
Morgan Stanley seems not quite as strong in this area as it once was.
With Oracle's $9.2 billion tender offer for PeopleSoft set to expire Friday, David A. Duffield, PeopleSoft's chief executive, accused Oracle on Thursday of spreading misleading information about his stock sales and threatened to sue for defamation.
Intel said it pressed Intergraph for patent concessions only after Intergraph demanded fees from these companies.
A company spokesman declined to comment on Coca-Cola's handling of the recall, arguing that ''it is premature to do the Monday morning quarterbacking.''
That was despite the fact that it was Mr. Curry who made a reservation and arranged payment for the dinner when the Morgan Stanley name was not enough to secure a table on a busy night.
The drug maker Bristol-Myers Squibb pleaded guilty on Monday to making false statements to a federal agency, ending an unusual criminal case involving its blockbuster blood-thinning drug Plavix.
The company is waging a court fight against generic makers that say they should be allowed to make a lower-priced version of Neurontin, Pfizer's fourth largest-selling drug.
Travelers, which made up 10 percent of Citigroup's operating income, will be the third-largest property casualty insurer by market share, with revenue of $6.2 billion.
Judge Edwin Nelson rules that Intel Corp has not violated court order to treat Intergraph Corp, a computer graphics company, the same as any other business while the two companies await trial on Intergraph's lawsuit accusing Intel of patent infringement, antitrust violations and coercive behavior (S)
''That's an unfortunate decision on Pfizer's part,'' said Dr. Michael Crawford, the chief of clinical cardiology at the University of California, San Francisco, referring to the company's decision to only sell the drug in combination with Lipitor.
From washing windows to burnishing silverware to arranging buffet tables and processing customers' checks, no aspect of the workplace went untouched,'' J. W. Marriott Jr., wrote in his 1997 memoir, ''The Spirit to Serve: Marriott's Way.''
A person close to Morgan Stanley said that the firm conducted an internal investigation that found Ms. Schieffelin's charges of discrimination to be without merit.
''You have failed to respond to numerous e-mails asking you to acknowledge that you were the high bidder for 'Trixie Belden and the Gatehouse Mystery,' '' an irate seller wrote last week in an e-mail message sent to the AOL account that I use for eBay transactions.
One Verizon location, a central office switching station at 140 West Street in Lower Manhattan, was substantially damaged by the collapse of the World Trade Center, temporarily removing service for more than 300,000 residential and business customers.
Intel Corp will begin shipping second-generation Itanium microprocessor it jointly developed with Hewlett-Packard; 20 major computer system makers, including Hewlett-Packard and IBM, plan to use new chip in big data-serving computers and some work stations; several leading corporate software makers plan to tailor programs to run on chip; Intel move into market for more expensive server computers threatens Sun Microsystems (M)
Intel also narrowed its fourth-quarter gross margin percentage to 63 percent, plus or minus a point.
Once he and Mr. Weill got what they wanted, Mr. Grubman wrote, ''I went back to my normal negative self'' on AT&T and lowered his rating on AT&T stock.
Mr. High said Intel did not know whether the drop in demand was more from computers sold for businesses or for home use.
The complaint portrays a multiyear effort to inflate reported profits at Waste Management using accounting tricks that allowed the company to hide about $1.7 billion in expenses from 1992 through part of 1997.
Citigroup chief executive, Sanford I Weill, taking offensive after weeks of negative publicity regarding company's role in financing Enron and WorldCom, outlines to employees several changes in way it does business; says bank will no longer provide financing for companies that plan to conceal debts by keeping them off their balance sheets (M)
Publishers also fear that if I.B.M.
Microsoft's Xbox 360 video game consoles may be in short supply in US, but there are plenty to be had in Japan, where sales have been disappointing; major factor is that there are only nine games being sold for Xbox 360, compared with vast array for machines from Sony and Nintendo, which dominate Japanese market; analysts say that even when more games appear, Microsoft may have trouble luring first-time buyers because of need to replace their game software libraries; photo (M)
In keeping with commission practice, the Microsoft filing, which is not released to the public, is nonetheless released to ''third parties'' to the investigation -- mainly rivals like Sun Microsystems that brought complaints against Microsoft.
If PeopleSoft and J. D. Edwards were to merge, Oracle would tumble to No.
The ruse has added a bit of Spy vs. Spy melodrama to a bitter dispute over instant on-line messaging that America Online and Microsoft -- the world's two largest Internet service providers -- have been waging for several weeks.
Still, analysts said that it was likely to add to the jitters in the stock market that were caused by the Intel warning, which prompted technology stocks to fall sharply today, leading the broader market lower.
Chris Kofinis, a spokesman for Wake Up Wal-Mart, a union-backed group that is pressuring the retailer to improve its pay, said his group had no role in organizing yesterday's protest.
When he was at I.B.M., Dr. Bhushan said, researchers tried to chop up the bulk rolls by cooling them to extremely low temperatures before snapping off smaller pieces.
Many of Xerox's problems are beyond its control, of course.
In practical terms, by the time an airline had moved to an all-Boeing fleet after 20 years, any airline would be reluctant to start carrying the additional costs associated with bringing in new plane types.
Mr. Lanier is considered one of the best trial lawyers in the United States, and he appeared to be in top form throughout his argument, using a fast-moving PowerPoint presentation to back his contention that Merck had denied Vioxx's risks and deceived doctors and consumers.
In such an atmosphere, ''this would be quite scary to a consumer, because you would assume that Coca-Cola, which is a totally artificial, manufactured product would not have any problems,'' Mr. Arnold said.
ONE day after Kraft Foods and the Procter & Gamble Company announced that they would shun a contentious new talk show on the MSNBC cable television network, commercials for two of their products appeared on the program's debut episode.
The constant criticism led Waste Management's chief executive, Phillip B. Rooney, to replace Mr. Koenig with Mr. Sanford as chief financial officer.
Part of Java's appeal is that programs created with it can run on a multitude of operating systems, thus weakening, at least in theory, Microsoft's stranglehold on that part of the software market.
Long assailed within the computer industry for routinely adding too many features to its software programs, Microsoft will tacitly acknowledge that criticism today when it starts a Web marketing campaign for its new Office XP software suite that ridicules its notorious Office help system.
2.0 Pocket Hard Drive from Seagate (seagate.com) is different.
''It has been very difficult for Pfizer to develop drugs,'' said Michael Krensavage, an analyst at Raymond James.
Goodyear never officially rolled back its prices, but it was forced to offer discounts and promotions to bolster sales.
Intel can make fewer chips per wafer of silicon, and the larger size creates more defective chips.
Morgan Stanley's effort to play down its role in Wall Street research scandal seems to backfire; chief executive Philip J Purcell receives blistering letter from Securities and Exchange Comm Chmn William H Donaldson, who says Purcell's recent remarks show 'troubling lack of contrition'; warns that Morgan Stanley could face further legal action if it continues to deny having acted badly in research scandal, which was subject of $1.4 billion industry settlement; Purcell remarks that angered Donaldson were made on day after details of settlement, including Morgan Stanley's $125 million fine, were announced; Purcell said nothing in settlement should concern Morgan Stanley's retail investors; Morgan Stanley has sought to establish public perception that it behaved better than other major investment banking firms; Purcell responds to Donaldson's letter, taking different tone; says he regrets public impression that SEC complaint is not matter of concern to retail investors (M)
Yesterday, Microsoft gave the clearest signal yet that the future of computing, and its future, lies beyond the personal computer, the foundation of its business and still the source of about 70 percent of its revenue.
The Marsh & McLennan Companies, the world's largest insurance broker, reported a 57 percent drop in profit in its second quarter yesterday as it struggled to reorganize after a confrontation with regulators over accusations of rigging bids and steering clients to the highest-paying insurers.
Yahoo Inc will take $21.2 million charge against its second-quarter earnings, reflecting its decision to buy its way out of joint venture with Visa International; will restate its results for quarter to show net loss of $20.5 million rather than earnings of $610,000 (S)
Microsoft, an Internet rival to AOL Time Warner, is eager to block AOL's further expansion in cable -- which can provide a platform for high-speed Internet access and is expected to eventually offer new types of interactive television services.
Daniel H. Schulman, the company's president, said in a statement that Priceline's results were hurt by seasonal weakness and the decision of Priceline's founder, Jay Walker, to close the WebHouse Club, a Priceline affiliate that sold gasoline and groceries using the ''name your own price'' method.
Mark Hansen, one of Morgan Stanley's new lawyers, insisted in court that the conflict was self-evident once the firm told Kirkland & Ellis that it could face a malpractice claim.
Coca-Cola did not say how much the sales drop would affect earnings in the second quarter.
A legal battle between Michael E. Kassan, who had been North American president and chief operating officer at Western Initiative Media Worldwide, and the Western parent, the Interpublic Group of Companies in New York, has been settled.
It does not take a physicist or a jet pilot to recognize that Apple was on a crash trajectory under its former chief executive, Michael Spindler.
Meanwhile, he said, Exxon Mobil writes in documents it distributes to the public that it is difficult to determine the extent to which climate change can be attributed to human actions, a view that, he said, the vast majority of scientists do not share.
Firestone's centennial this year has turned into debacle for one of America's most familiar brand names, as company's tires are blamed for scores of deaths, stock prices and consumer confidence plummet and top executive is summoned before angry Congress; US regulators add 26 deaths to 62 previously attributed to Firestone tire failures and Venezuelan authorities seek criminal prosecution of Firestone and Ford, implicating design of Explorer SUVs; Ford head Jacques Nasser refuses to reiterate support for Firestone; Firestone American executive John Lampe says company will name independent investigator; angry union workers demonstrate at Nashville headquarters, threatening to strike nine US plants; Lampe says other company business is normal, although delayed by recall work, and General Motors repeats that it has not found problems; Japanese-owned Bridgestone is considered lacking in public relations skills or understanding of tumult in US, and has no Americans on board even though half of sales are in US; 5 of 10 corporate officers in Nashville are Japanese; Ford's pointed blaming of Firestone draws rebut from Lampe, who notes there are no problems with other SUV's; Ford retorts that Explorers with Goodyear tires fare much better (M)
The government is conducting a criminal investigation into a Johnson & Johnson factory that makes an anemia drug that has been linked to a spate of serious illnesses in Europe and Canada, according to court documents and people close to the situation.
The charge of acting aggressively when confronted with a complaint by an employee echoes some accusations raised in an unrelated racial discrimination lawsuit filed against Morgan Stanley by a dismissed black employee, Christian L. Curry.
Yesterday, it looked as if Comcast's patience could pay off.
Federal Judge Shira A Scheindlin rules that major oil companies must defend dozens of lawsuits accusing them of fouling groundwater by using gasoline additive that has become political liability in proposed energy bill; ruling means that plaintiffs can proceed with some 80 lawsuits against oil companies asserting that additive, methyl tertiary-butyl ether, or MTBE, fouled groundwater; suits were brought by water providers, towns, counties and cities, including New York City and state of New Hampshire; members of Congress debate energy bill with legal protections for producers of additive that would nullify most of lawsuits; opposition to waiver in Senate bill was crucial reason energy bill failed in 2003; Scheindlin does not rule on merits of cases, but she outlines new theory of 'commingled product' liability that would place more legal burden on MTBE producers, which include Exxon Mobil and Lyondell Chemical (M)
But Johnson & Johnson has lost its biggest advantage -- the fact that its merger deal had been fully reviewed by regulators and could have been completed immediately after a Guidant shareholders' vote that had been scheduled for Jan. 31.
The two banks pressed hard to reach a settlement ahead of Wednesday's shareholder vote on Bank of America's proposed $48 billion acquisition of FleetBoston, people briefed on the investigation said.
Restrictions Put on Lawyer In Bias Case at Coca-Cola
Yet, if an injunction is ordered in the eBay case, the day-to-day workings of eBay are not likely to be affected, said Hani Durzy, a spokesman for eBay.
A.T.& T. officials refused to say how much they were investing in the new venture.
Yahoo will start charging companies that want to ensure that their Web sites are included in its Web index from which research results are selected; practice, called 'paid inclusion,' has long been part of many search engines; Google, which last year surged to become largest site for searching on Internet, disdains practice as misleading; sites will pay from $10 to $49 for each Web page indexed and from 15 cents to $1 each time Yahoo user clicks on link to their sites (M)
In the last 14 months, Apple has opened 31 stores across the country and 2 more will open this week -- one in Lower Manhattan today and in Garden City, N.Y., on Saturday.
Dmitri Sklyarov is arrested in Las Vegas one day after giving presentation to large convention of computer hackers on decrypting software used to protect electronic books; is charged with trafficking in software to circumvent copyrightable materials and aiding and abetting such trafficking; is expected to be transferred to San Jose, Calif, where he will face charges of violating Digital Millennium Copyright Act; Sklyarov is author of software package released in June that breaks through electronic book encryption developed by Adobe Systems Inc; he is employee of Moscow-based ElcomSoft; photo (M)
General Motors Corp will eliminate up to 12,000 jobs in Europe, mostly in Germany, as it tries to breathe life into its business; cuts are intended to save GM 500 million euros ($620 million) per year by 2006; announcement sets off wave of angst in Germany, home of GM's Opel division; auto workers are already in tense contract talks with Volkswagen; photo (M)/
When she came to Wal-Mart, she was unemployed, and the job represented badly needed income.
Ted White, director of corporate governance for Calpers, the $152 billion California public employee pension fund, said Staples should drop its plan to buy Staples.com.
Last month, Bristol-Myers Squibb, which is based in New York, sold its Oncology Therapeutics Network, a cancer drug distribution company, to the private equity unit of J.P. Morgan Chase.
BlueArc, which was founded in 1998 as Synaxia Networks in Britain but is now based in Mountain View, Calif., homed in on a bottleneck that occurs because most of today's major storage servers use standard Intel microprocessors as their basic building block.
Still, Boeing has been frustrated that Airbus has come out of nowhere in the last three decades to unseat it as the world's largest producer of passenger aircraft, by volume.
Investors have begun to worry that Philip Morris could have trouble making its payments to the states if it has to post the bond in Illinois and could even be forced into bankruptcy, which Moody's called unlikely.
So far, it is unclear whether most of these attempts to add community features are catching on with Yahoo's mainstream audience.
Starbucks has made its second book selection, and it's no Mitch Albom.
Standard & Poor's Corp and Moody's Investors Service lower ratings on debt of Lucent Technologies to one notch above junk level; if debt agencies cut their ratings again, and both agencies say outlook for Lucent remains negative, company could be dropped by many stock and bond investors who prefer companies considered investment grade, instead of speculative grade (Market Place column) (M)
Indeed, while Judge Jackson's ruling places Microsoft's liability firmly into the legal record, the class-action suits must still prove damages -- that is, what impact Microsoft's abuse of its market power had on consumers.
Fired Officer Is Suing Wal-Mart
They said it would also attack contracts that require computer makers or on-line services to support other Microsoft products or to shun competitors' wares.
''We are, quite honestly, disappointed in the sales performance of Wal-Mart U.S.,'' the chief executive, H. Lee Scott Jr., said in a prerecorded conference call for investors.
John Brockman, author of ''The Third Culture'' (Simon & Schuster, 1995), which argues that the values and ethos of science and technology are trivialized even as the fields themselves become central to American life, says of Microsoft employees: ''They're operating in a mindset that's outside the tautological knowledge structure of most of the people who run the country.
Microsoft denied that intent, and outside experts noted that the company might not gain any particular advantage from a delay.
A troubled merger and an inability to raise prices have combined to topple the chief executive of Newell Rubbermaid Inc., the maker of Levelor blinds and Rolodex office supplies.
The nine-page brief gives Microsoft the final word before a hearing on Wednesday but risks irritating the judge, Thomas Penfield Jackson, who did not ask for another filing from Microsoft when he laid out the schedule for the remedy phase of the case.
In his statement yesterday, Mr. Rather expressed gratitude for the work of his many CBS colleagues over the years, but lamented some of the trends in journalism, including, he said, ''the 'corporatization' of news and its effects on news content.''
The News Corporation, which counts The New York Post and the 20th Century Fox movie studio among its other properties, reported a net loss of $265 million, or 26 cents for each American depository receipt, in the quarter ended June 30, in contrast to net income of $71 million, or 6 cents an A.D.R., in the period a year earlier.
Coca-Cola has been particularly hurt by the economic travails in developing countries over the past 18 months.
AT&T and the Comcast Corporation said yesterday that 1,700 jobs, or 30 percent of the work force, would be cut at AT&T's cable unit based in Englewood, Colo., after the companies merge.
Even those who are sorely tempted to pay $219 to upgrade to Windows 2000 Professional from Windows 98 ought to remember that every new Microsoft operating system invariably contains bugs that are addressed in a follow-up service pack a few months later.
The steering wheel is on the right-hand side and the air-conditioning system was specially designed to stand up to Japan's sticky summers, but the Ford Ka, the most visible plank of the Ford Motor Company's efforts to resuscitate its gasping business here, may have a tough road ahead.
In one, Boeing employees were found to have stolen thousands of pages of proprietary documents from Lockheed in the late 1990's and used them to help bid for government rocket-launch business.
The economists have no direct connection with Microsoft or the government in this case.
Talks for the sale of the bankrupt Daewoo Motor to General Motors are in the final stage, according to Korea's finance minister, Jin Nyum.
Mr. Brown is an investor and longtime critic of Bank of America and its predecessors.
Workers at General Motors' Opel assembly plant in Bochum, Germany, refuse to work for third day, just days after GM announces deep jobs cuts in Europe; GM begins talks with IG Metall union representatives at all its European plants over cost-cutting plan that is aimed at saving 500 million euros ($623 million) per year in labor costs, and could result in reduction of up to 12,000 jobs, most in Germany; Bochum workers are demanding that GM guarantee it will not lay off workers or shut factory; photo (M)
An executive in its Washington office observed, ''Now remember, we lose sales, too'' -- not exactly the take-no-prisoners ethos long espoused by William H. Gates, Microsoft's chairman, or Steven Ballmer, the executive vice president in charge of sales.
"We want to retain these guys in the business," said Dick Gray, head of investor relations for AT&T.
European antitrust regulators meet in Brussels to decide whether concessions submitted by Time Warner and its proposed partners, America Online and the EMI Music Group, are sufficient to allay European concerns that planned deals will choke competition in Internet distribution of music (S)
And they pointed out that Mr. Levin and Mr. Murdoch were joined at lunch by Richard D. Parsons, the president of Time Warner and a former Giuliani campaign official, but not by Ted Turner, Time Warner's vice chairman and the founder of CNN, who had most bitterly opposed granting access to Mr. Murdoch's news channel.
But not all legal experts in this country agree that a slew of Yahoo-type cases would be bad thing.
And many analysts say that while Xerox has repaired the structural damage caused by a botched reorganization of the sales force early last year, it is having trouble recruiting the high-powered sales representatives it needs to regain its dominance in high-end copiers.
Last week, after winning a court order that forces the company to unbundle the two software programs, he escalated the fight when he asked a judge to hold Microsoft in contempt.
In light of these charges, your reported comments evidence a troubling lack of contrition and lead me to wonder about Morgan Stanley's commitment to compliance with the letter and spirit of the law and the high standards of conduct all investors have a right to expect from their brokerage firms.
But the company might have to risk a strike, he said, because it cannot compete in the tumultuous telecommunications market unless a new contract gives Verizon more flexibility in relocating or laying off employees.
The campaign is nonetheless seen by one marketer as a clever one that takes Nike, lately criticized for losing sight of its mission, as it were, back to its roots as a company that got started selling running shoes out of the trunk of its founder's car.
Advertising column on Wells BDDP's loss of its biggest remaining account, Procter & Gamble Co, which cited management upheaval at agency for its decision to go elsewhere after 30 years; loss will result in layoffs at Wells BDDP; this is second time in 1990's that Wells BBDP has been plagued by account losses and staff tumult (M)
Gap, which has struggled to find the right mix of fashion and basics all year, said sales fell at all three divisions: down 4 percent at Gap, 2 percent at Old Navy and 5 percent at Banana Republic.
Car dealers lots are jammed with 2001 cars as 2002 model year begins; carmakers are wary of aggressive advertising, fearful of offending public with pitches that might seem insensitive in wake of Sept 11 terrorist attacks; Ford, General Motors and Chrysler are mixing financial incentives with patriotic appeals, continuing all regular new-model advertising they had planned before attacks; photos (special section, Cars) (M)
Fixing Flaws, Microsoft Invites Attack
Alibaba.com, which is controlled by the Alibaba Group and partly owned by Yahoo, could raise $1 billion, making the stock offering bigger than those of other high-flying Chinese Internet companies in recent years, including Baidu.com, the Chinese Internet search engine, and Tencent.com, which runs the popular QQ instant messaging service.
Richard Green, Sun's general manager for Java software, disputed the Microsoft account.
One problem they note is that Microsoft introduced Xbox 360 before there was much game software to play on it.
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter, in major strategy shift, plans to overhaul its brokerage business and offer all its clients option of trading stocks on line at discount prices; reportedly plans to offer on-line option immediately, beating Merrill Lynch & Co by at least six weeks; envisions rolling its existing on-line discount brokerage unit, Discover Brokerage Direct, together with traditional Morgan Stanley brokerage services; will convert its 450 offices nationwide where brokers work into walk-in retail centers (M)
The package of penalties proposed by the states who have dissented from a settlement proposal between Microsoft and the Justice Department, he said, ''unduly restricts competition and will harm consumers.''
''Microsoft doesn't need to innovate because there is no serious competitor to Explorer any more.''
T-shirts and headed for a union rally at Verizon's New York headquarters a block away, stood waiting to cross Broadway at 42nd Street.
The order would be the first large-scale purchase of Boeing aircraft since it announced an extensive cutback last week because of slowing demand, mostly from Asian customers.
John R. Strangfeld Jr., a vice chairman of Prudential and head of its investment division, which includes the brokerage operations, said: ''What we agreed is that a joint venture has a negative connotation.
''PeopleSoft's claims to have beaten analyst expectations are hardly surprising,'' said Jim Finn, an Oracle spokesman.
Other grammarians say the problem is not so much Microsoft as it is that understanding natural language is a hard problem and that competent grammar checking may await the arrival of versatile speech recognition.
Last month, Microsoft suffered a stinging setback in a patent-infringement case when a federal jury awarded $521 million to a former University of California researcher.
Joram Rauchwerger, a 56-year-old postal worker in Tulsa, Okla., recently broke his 22-year-old vow never to buy another car made by General Motors.
Bank of America was one of the first mutual fund managers mentioned in connection with questionable practices, as part of a $40 million settlement that Mr. Spitzer reached last September with Edward Stern, a hedge fund manager who traded in and out of Bank of America's mutual funds, known as Nations Funds.
Moody's Investors Service today lowered Nassau's rating to an equivalent level, Baa2, just two notches above junk, and threatened another downgrade if the county does not obtain new sources of revenue soon.
When Netscape refused to abandon the development of browsing software for 32-bit versions of Windows, Microsoft's strategy for protecting the applications barrier became one of expanding Internet Explorer's share of browser usage -- and simultaneously depressing Navigator's share -- to an extent sufficient to demonstrate to developers that Navigator would never emerge as the standard software employed to browse the Web.
It turned out that customers of other Citigroup companies who agreed to buy Travelers' insurance tended to be poor risks, so the more policies the company cross-sold, the more money it lost.
George W. Bush of Texas, the likely Republican candidate, said that as president he would ''fully enforce antitrust laws,'' but he declined to discuss specifics of the case because it remained in litigation and would be appealed by Microsoft.
Specifically, the Boeing investigation found that Mr. Sears failed to follow company procedures for the hiring of government officials.
Apple already dominates the online music and movie industry, leaving a sliver for everyone else to fight over.
The chief executive and chairman of the Marsh & McLennan Companies, the world's biggest broker of insurance, resigned yesterday, less than two weeks after his company was accused of cheating customers.
The action announced today by Moody's is not unexpected in view of the State Assembly's failure to act on the county's fiscal plan.''
On-line banking functions in some versions of Intuit Inc.'s Quicken personal finance software may stumble when the Year 2000 arrives, but this is no basis for suing Intuit now, said a New York State judge who dismissed three class action lawsuits against the company last week.
Executives of Morgan Stanley Dean Witter expect Equal Employment Opportunity Commission to file sex discrimination suit against it as soon as next week; commission has been investigating treatment of women working in Morgan Stanley's investment bank for two years, since Allison K Schieffelin, former convertible-bond sales representative, complained that she had been underpaid, excluded from outings with clients and denied promotion because of her gender; commission has told firm's lawyers that they have until Sept 10 to settle matter or risk being sued immediately; suit would be rare case of federal government taking up cause of wealthy professional in workplace dispute with major financial services firm (M)
''Any impact on demand for mobile phones impacts the suppliers,'' said Graham Palmer, a spokesman for Intel, one of the largest suppliers of flash memory devices for mobile devices.
Until last year, Comcast provided the service in partnership with Excite@Home, but when Excite@Home went bankrupt, Comcast set out to build its own Internet network.
The European Commission fined Microsoft $357 million on Wednesday for failing to comply with an antitrust order, even as the company faces more battles with European regulators over its next big product.
Edelman also helped Wal-Mart develop a political-style war room, staffed by former political operatives, which monitors and responds to the retailer's critics, and helped create Working Families for Wal-Mart, a new group that is trying to build support for the company in cities across the country.
He challenged the practices, thereby angering Xerox executives.
''We are infuriated with the brinkmanship Royal Caribbean is playing,'' Mr. Fraser said.
Over the last two and a half years, Marriott has faced at least five lawsuits from disgruntled hotel owners.
Wal-Mart officials said the official that Mr. Lynn accused of corruption was no longer with the company and that the Central American office he headed has been closed.
A long-simmering dispute over the direction of Morgan Stanley erupted in a public brawl yesterday, as two senior executives resigned in a shake-up intended to reassert Mr. Purcell's control.
By 2000, Microsoft's share of high-end computing is expected to be 15 percent, according to the Gartner Group, a research firm, but Unix and mainframe technology will still dominate.
Nine states and the District of Columbia are demanding that Microsoft pay for its antitrust violations by submitting to a broad range of restraints aimed at restoring the competition in the market for PC operating system software.
Mr. Armstrong suspected that Comcast might make a bid soon, the people said.
Ford Motor reported a $5.45 billion net loss for 2001 today, its first annual loss since 1992 and a long way from its $3.47 billion net profit in 2000.
Allison K Schieffelin, who brought sex discrimination complaint against Morgan Stanley Dean Witter over firm's failure to make her managing director, is unusual in her effort to fight from within; most Wall Street women who think they face glass ceiling simply quit; many are reluctant to speak up because they are not sure problem is sex discrimination and fear suits make workplace even less friendly for women; Ann Hopkins, who won sex-bias case against Price Waterhouse accounting firm, comments; photo (M)
The conflict between the two companies over multimedia software continued even after they had reached an agreement in 1997 that included settlement of a patent dispute, a $150 million investment in Apple by Microsoft and Apple's adoption of Microsoft's Internet Explorer as the preferred browser on Macintosh computers.
Motorola's woes were partly attributed to internal manufacturing and marketing problems, particularly in the cell phone business, where overall demand is still growing strongly but where Nokia of Finland has supplanted Motorola as the market leader.
Wal-Mart Stores may have lost the online DVD rental battle, but it has no plans to lose the higher-stakes video downloading war.
Other customers reported breakdowns during Amazon's one-click checkout process, as well as errors in the addresses to which items were sent.
New York State Judge Ira Gammerman, in dimissing three class action lawsuits against Intuit Inc, says on-line banking functions in some versions of company's Quicken personal finance software may stumble when Year 2000 arrives, but that it no basis for suing Intuit now; Gammerman's ruling that software companies cannot be sued for Year 2000 problems before actual damage has occurred echoes conclusions reached in August by Santa Clara County judge in California in first such suit against Intuit (S)
Wal-Mart originally predicted a bigger increase, but the $256 billion chain stumbled over the post-Thanksgiving shopping period, and analysts said they were worried.
But then Citigroup pulled out in December, when no activity appeared on the horizon, a person briefed on the situation said.
''Exxon Mobil condemns the violation of human rights in any form,'' the statement said.
And the department's recent record on appeal of Microsoft-related cases has not been favorable.
(''Even reasonably cynical people get starry-eyed over Bill,'' observed one of Microsoft's newer managers.)
The wariness with which vulture investors approach Xerox's debt is reflected in the prices of its bonds: debt maturing this year trades at close to 100 cents on the dollar, while securities maturing early in 2002 trade 15 points below that.
He accused Mr. Stonecipher of being out of step with both other Boeing senior managers and the Bush administration.
Gross also complained that General Electric was not forthright with investors.
He also said that he had no immediate plans to sell  Home Depot stock and that he would continue to visit the company's stores.
The private case followed a ruling by a federal appeals court in the long-running suit against Microsoft, brought by the government in 1998; the judge ruled that the company had repeatedly violated antitrust laws by thwarting competition to preserve its monopoly in personal computer operating systems.
This time, Microsoft is planning a wider attack.
Just how well -- or badly -- Airbus is doing is difficult to measure because as a private company it does not have to disclose its financial condition the way Boeing does.
Tire failures and rollovers involving Bridgestone/Firestone and the Ford Motor Company have emerged as the biggest product liability controversy in years, and Venezuela as one of the scandal's main focal points.
Pfizer laid out $87.6 million in major media spending on Celebrex ads last year and was on its way to surpassing that this year before the company said over the weekend that it would, at least temporarily, stop advertising the drug to consumers.
But Cisco and Mr. Malloch Brown say that Netaid is not just another charity telethon.
For longtime industry watchers, the fight between Airbus and Boeing over state subsidies is both familiar and a distraction from the real show: the looming competition between the A380 and the 7E7.
Last July, Boeing was denied more than $1 billion in Pentagon orders and was suspended from some missile-defense contracts after it was found to have been in possession of proprietary documents from its rival, Lockheed Martin.
Most analysts expect the company to make a counteroffer followed by a higher bid from International Paper, which would pay the $210 million breakup fee called for in the Champion-UPM deal.
Nike said yesterday that its third-quarter profit would fall short of forecasts because of problems with an inventory system that led to shortages and late deliveries.
Federal appeals court orders Judge Alfred M Wolin, who is overseeing five important asbestos-related bankruptcy proceedings, to withdraw from W R Grace, Owens Corning and US Gypsum cases because of appearance of bias; legal experts say decision will probably force new delays and might cause far-reaching economic repercussions in long-running litigation; three-judge panel says Wolin has not done anything wrong or unethical or biased; will decide later whether to remove Wolin from case involving Armstrong World, which had been asked to be included in any withdrawal order; legal experts say it will be up to Wolin to decide whether to continue overseeing fifth case, involving Federal-Mogul Global; ruling was requested by Kensington International Ltd, which bought $275 million in Owens Corning bank debt soon after company sought bankruptcy protection, and Springfield Associates, another holder of distressed debt; photo (M)
Profile of comedian/actor Rob Huebel who is featured in television ads for FedEx/Kinkos, Solae brand soy products and NetZero Internet service; Huebel provides voice yelling at David Spade over phone in commercials for credit cards from Capital One Financial; will appear in new Certs commercial next month; photos (M)
Dave Watson, executive vice president for marketing at Comcast, said the company never created individual use logs, nor intended to.
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec 19 (Reuters) -- The dissident shareholder Carl Icahn on Monday labeled as ''disastrous'' a deal set between Time Warner Inc.'s America Online unit and Web search enginer Google Inc., arguing that AOL could do better.
After more than a month of silence, a dissident group of retired Morgan Stanley executives described in greater detail their proposal to split the firm in two, in a further assault on the leadership of Philip J. Purcell.
Mr. Steinberg is an intellectual-property expert who wrote the patent for data-compression technology that became the center of a legal dispute between Microsoft and Stac Electronics Inc., which Mr. Steinberg represented.
In a highly anticipated encounter, Bill Gates of Microsoft and Steven P. Jobs of Apple took the stage Wednesday evening to relive old battles and alliances and speculate about the future of digital culture and technology.
Investors had already been concerned about Aon because it has been struggling with a sweeping reorganization that, contrary to expectations, has increased expenses.
Apple Computer announces earnings in fiscal fourth quarter ended Sept 30 that narrowly miss Wall Street's lowered estimates; reports net profit of $108 million compared with $90 million in year-earlier quarter; revenue were $1.87 billion, up 40 percent from a year ago; lowers its projection of sales for current quarter, first of fiscal 2001, to about $1.6 billion, which is expected to drag down results for full year; says it expects revenue for 2001 of $7.5 billion to $8
He went on at length saying that his company's products are short-lived, that the software industry is brutally competitive and that Microsoft's only lasting advantage is the ingenuity of its engineers.
Corning's problem is that there is no sign when its business will revive.
''Nothing will transcend from the cover of Television Week to the cover of Newsweek,'' said John Rash, senior vice president and director for broadcast negotiations at Campbell Mithun in Minneapolis, a unit of Interpublic, referring to the industry trade publication formerly known as Electronic Media.
Shelley Stewart Jr., who, as vice president for supply chain management at the Raytheon Company, oversees the corporation's $7 billion of annual purchasing, said there was a lot of fear among procurement managers about online purchasing sites -- ''how real they are and how long they'll be around.''
(800,000 records) and Aetna (130,000) moved the total to the threshold, when Boeing revealed yesterday that a laptop recently stolen from an employee's car contained names, Social Security numbers and other data on 382,000 current and former employees of the aerospace giant -- bringing the total to a grim 100,152,801 records (as of this post).''
A $192.5 million settlement of a class-action lawsuit that accused the Coca-Cola Company of racial discrimination cleared a potential hurdle yesterday when only 23 members of the class chose to opt out.
Royal Caribbean, No.
If regulators approve the drug, Pfizer expects to sell it alone as well as in combination with Lipitor, which reduces so-called bad cholesterol by 40 percent to 60 percent.
A Bitter Brew Of Earnings For Starbucks
General Motors said it would no longer feel the effect of Isuzu's operating losses, having now written down its 49 percent stake in the Japanese company to zero.
The Federal Communications Commission delayed voting on AT&T's purchase of BellSouth for the third time yesterday as the commissioners remained far apart on what, if any, terms to impose on the $80 billion deal.
The new combined service is meant to be offered at prices lower than the $45 a month Time Warner and most other cable companies have been charging.
Dr. Rost's comments are not in Pfizer's interests, Mr. Putzier said.
Dr. Wampler's complaint, which he posted last week to an Internet discussion group on computer risks, is that grammar-checking technology has become one of the casualties of Microsoft's PC monopoly.
Also, there are increasing indications that the latest Interpublic financial results, scheduled to be released on Thursday or Friday, will disappoint Wall Street considerably.
As Wal-Mart's clothing and home furnishing businesses have struggled, sales at stores open for at least a year fell to the lowest levels in decades over the last 12 months, well below those of Target.
Guidant's cardiac pacemaker and defibrillator businesses, which had been Boston Scientific's main reason for the takeover, have been struggling to recover from a decline in sales after reports of deadly defects in a small number of units.
Katrina forced Entergy to shut -- temporarily in most cases -- 15 fossil fuel plants and 3 nuclear units.
The three companies that objected -- American International Group of New York, the Chubb Corporation of Warren, N.J., and the St. Paul Companies -- said they worried that the weaker Cigna company might not have enough assets to pay its claims.
Sprint's negotiations to buy Nextel have ignited fears that Motorola will lose its exclusive deal to supply phones and equipment to Nextel.
Is Digital Equipment about to give up on its troubled Alpha chip to settle its patent infringement suit against Intel?
The General Motors Corporation said today that June car and truck sales were the highest for any month in nine years but that July sales would plummet because of two strikes that have shut down most of the auto maker's North American assembly plants.
European Commission spokesman Jonathan Todd says it has 'strong doubts' that Microsoft is obeying year-old antitrust order; says commission suspects Microsoft is still discriminating against open-source software makers by denying them access to Windows operating system code, failing to share technical documents, bundling all code into one licensing contract and charging 'unjustifiably high' royalties (M)
The transformation of Intel will, in part, be defined by its new alliance with Apple Computer, which has come to dominate the digital music business and is entering the nascent digital video market with its iPod players.
The announcement follows similar deals Yahoo has struck with Verizon Communications and SBC Communications, which are fighting with cable companies for high-speed Internet customers.
It was, as even Home Depot executives will concede, a 37-minute fiasco.
''It would be difficult to find a job for which she is not intellectually capable,'' said Geoff Ralston, Yahoo's former chief product officer, who left the company in April.
But he added, ''It doesn't help a whole lot on the bottom line, and on the top line, when we look at the Pfizer business, a growth rate of 5, 6, 7 percent, it's not going to help them a whole lot.
Indeed, when word of the union project first emerged a year ago, the food and commercial workers union, which is trying to unionize Wal-Mart's 1.3 million workers in the United States, believed it enough to file an unfair labor practice complaint with the National Labor Relations Board.
In announcing the price cuts, Intel said it had shifted desktop production exclusively to the Pentium II product line, which is made using an advanced manufacturing process called .25 micron.
In discussing the case against R. J. Reynolds, which was also filed in Illinois, Moody's said that it ''believes that given the difficulty of the jurisdiction, a loss for R. J. Reynolds has a significant chance of occurring if the trial does take place.
In the lawsuit, Sonoma Foie Gras is charging Whole Foods with ''intentional interference with contract.''
Thus, in a stinging admission of defeat, Wal-Mart pulled out of Germany and South Korea this year after failing to turn around poor sales.
''It was no specific offer,'' Mr. de Vink said, regarding the overture from Pfizer.
Judge Scheindlin did not rule on the merits of the cases, but she outlined a new theory of ''commingled product'' liability that would place more legal burden on the MTBE producers, which include Exxon Mobil and Lyondell Chemical.
Some money managers are saying that pharmaceutical stocks are likely to be good long-term investments whether or not industry quickly benefits from wave of mergers; drug companies have made numerous missteps: bets on wrong products, run-ins with regulators, and failures to quell talks in Washington and elsewhere that prices are susceptible to being reduced; news that Pfizer will acquire Pharmacia helps lift prices of few drug stocks; graph (Market Place column) (M)
The $9.375 drop in Aetna's shares, to $69.50, was the second big decline in four months and suggested bigger problems at the company than had been perceived.
But yesterday, on the eve of the arrival of new models of Microsoft's flagship products, the Windows operating system and the Office programs, the skeptics were overshadowed and drowned out by the opening salvos in the software giant's marketing campaign.
Analysts said last night that it would be difficult to assess the full effect of yesterday's report until Motorola's conference call, scheduled for this morning.
THE troubled Interpublic Group of Companies said yesterday that it had found evidence of ''possible employee misconduct'' in the course of efforts to get to the bottom of persistent accounting problems.
Transcript of cockpit voice recording from Alaska Airlines Flight 261 is released by National Transportation Safety Board as it opens hearings on Jan 31 crash; tape reveals desperate efforts of crew to save plane in last minutes of flight as they attempted emergency landing at Los Angeles International Airport (M)
Former Treasury Sec Robert E Rubin has returned to private sector but continues to be commanding public figure; he is top adviser at Citigroup even as he maintains role as globe-traveling statesman; he runs nonstop tutorial on economic policy, coaching Sen Tom Daschle and other Democratic leaders on ways to debunk Bush military spending and tax cuts; Bush administration officials view him as nagging antagonist, preaching 90's virtues of budget discipline and low interest rates when they are fighting war and recession; photo (M)
Microsoft says that its own market research -- using a somewhat different methodology than the Times/CBS and Gallup polls -- finds no erosion in its public image.
Morgan Stanley reiterated that he was dismissed for expense account abuses.
But because New York will not impose the same liabilities on those who buy predatory mortgages in the secondary market, the laws are less worrisome to the two rating agencies, Moody's Investors Service and Fitch Ratings.
Workers at Ford Motor Co truck plant in Brazil go on strike, fearing that their jobs are threatened from proposed plan to build $1.3 billion Ford Motor auto factory in Brazil's poor northeast, far from industrial south where most of country's auto industry is concentrated; Ford denies it is planning such a move; strike by 1,500 workers is latest negative development to tarnish Ford's image in Brazil since company clashed with Socialist officials in dispute over tax breaks in southern state earlier this year (M)
Quark said that it was disappointed by Adobe's response and that while it would seek a friendly transaction, it held out the possibility of a hostile tender offer.
Civil and criminal complaints are expected to be announced today against three former top executives at a Berkshire Hathaway subsidiary, the General Reinsurance Corporation, as well as a former senior executive of the American International Group, according to people with direct knowledge of the charges.
But some scientists complain that Amgen has until now had too much influence on the creation of the foundation's guidelines.
Alan B Krueger Economic Scene column on reliability of Bureau of Labor Statistics' labor productivity figures; says Morgan Stanley's chief economist Stephen S Roach has argued that statistics undercount hours people work because employees increasingly perform work after hours on cell phones, beepers and home computers; holds team of four researchers from Bureau of Labor Statistics and Bureau of Economic Affairs, led by Office of Productivity and Technology head Marilyn E Manser, investigated Roach's hypothesis and said it came up lacking; says team reasoned that employees would not underreport their hours, even if their employers might; graph (M)
While the increase in her base salary may raise eyebrows given Mattel's dismal performance last year, the total compensation was far more reasonable this year, said Graef Crystal, a compensation critic and editor of the Crystal Report.
The chief executive of the Warner-Lambert Company described the drug maker's rationale yesterday for proceeding with its proposed $72 billion merger with the American Home Products Corporation and spurning a hostile, though more lucrative, overture by Pfizer Inc.
One of the trickiest things for a news organization to do is cover itself.
The showdown in 1996 -- when Microsoft  threatened to stop selling the Windows operating system to Compaq Computer  unless Compaq also included the software maker's Internet browser -- is a central chapter in the Government's antitrust case against Microsoft.
The Ford Motor Company, facing an overhaul in its sagging North American operations, is telling suppliers to expect to make price cuts once its own turnaround plan is in place.
Share prices of the parent companies, Edison International and the PG&E Corporation, have fallen as much as one-third since the beginning of December, though both stocks rebounded a bit on Friday.
Fire breaks out near laundry room of Carnival Cruise Lines' vessel, Ecstasy, shortly after ship left Miami for Key West with 3,400 passengers aboard; is extinguished by Coast Guard vessels, and ship is towed back to port; at least 60 passengers reported injured, most for smoke inhalation; eight are hospitalized; photo (M)
But, things may get worse before they get better for Wall Street firms such as Morgan Stanley.
At a time when Wal-Mart is under assault by critics for, among other things, driving mom-and-pop stores out of business, Sam's looms as a relatively untapped public relations success story.
But Mr. Sohn of Microsoft insisted that the company had no plans for ''secondary use'' of member information.
The European Union endorsed the takeover of the bankrupt Daewoo Motor by General Motors, saying it would have no anti-competitive effect in Europe.
Technology Briefing
In a statement, Richard K. Davidson, Union Pacific's chief executive, acknowledged the poor fit.
Both companies have said that a marketing campaign by Coca-Cola is supposed to persuade consumers to pay more for Coke products after years of low prices brought on by a price war with its rival, PepsiCo, and the emergence of private-label soft drinks.
After a lengthy search, Bay Networks Inc., the troubled computer networking company, finally landed a new chief executive yesterday, naming David L. House, a 22-year veteran of the Intel Corporation.
Patent Lawsuit Seeks to Block Microsoft's Wireless E-Mail Service
An earlier foray into South Korea by Mr. Ross, in partnership with a big insurer, the American International Group, came to nothing: They tried to buy three financial services companies from the Hyundai Group, but the deal collapsed when American International wearied of protracted negotiations with Korean officials and withdrew.
''And Microsoft won't change unless it is absolutely forced to,'' Mr. Shaffer said.
The Europeans want it renewed while the United States has argued that Airbus has become a serious rival of Boeing and is no longer in need of subsidies.
Yahoo, the Internet portal, which is trying to refashion itself as a collection of fee-based services and classified ads, named Daniel Rosensweig its No.
''Citigroup presided over some of the worst scandals on Wall Street, and Sandy Weill was personally connected to one of them,'' said Paul Hodgson, a compensation analyst with the Corporate Library, a research group in Portland, Me., referring to Mr. Weill's relationship with Mr. Grubman.
Microsoft's antitrust battle in Europe intensifies when some of its biggest rivals file new complaint against it, accusing company of wide range of antitrust abuses; IBM, Oracle, Sun Microsystems and six other companies submit formal complaint to European Commission, claiming Microsoft continues to abuse its dominant position in software market in spite of 2004 European antitrust ruling against it; other companies behind complaint are Nokia, Red Hat, RealNetworks, Opera, Corel and Linspire;; complaint focuses on Microsoft Office bundle of applications, which includes PowerPoint software, made for use in public presentations; photo (M)
In the frenzy of grab-and-go breakfast that seizes the nation each morning, the trek from Starbucks (for coffee) to McDonald's or another destination (for food) has become a familiar one.
Bayless Cronin in Atlanta, part of the Merkley Newman Harty unit of the Omnicom Group, has resigned the account of Red Hat, a Linux-based operating system software and services developer, after only five months.
Even then, it is unclear just what Bank of America, a major issuer of Visa cards, will do with MBNA's MasterCard and American Express accounts.
Wall Street never supported that deal, contending that Comcast would be taking on a troubled creative business with which it had little management experience.
In a lawsuit filed two weeks ago in state court in Arkansas, where Wal-Mart Stores is based and Mr. Lynn lives, he asserted that he was terminated in 2002 ''for truthfully reporting the abysmal working conditions in Central American factories utilized by Wal-Mart and for refusing to comply with Wal-Mart's demand that he certify factories in order to get Wal-Mart's goods to market.''
Amgen will conduct and pay for all clinical development and manufacturing, and will market any resulting products worldwide.
Amazon already incurs some expenses related to options stemming from a decision last year to allow employees to exchange their worthless options for new options with lower strike prices.
Microsoft's proposed conduct restrictions fall far short of the government's, and the company explained: ''Courts are not authorized in civil enforcement proceedings to punish antitrust defendants.
In addition to the B-2, Northrop Grumman today is the prime contractor or principal subcontractor for the Navy F/A-18 attack plane, the F-14 fighter, the Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System, the E-2C Hawkeye airborne radar and command plane and the EA-6B electronic warfare craft.
Motorola Inc will shut down production at company's last domestic cellular phone plant, in Harvard, Ill, laying off all 2,500 manufacturing workers; 2,500 employees there will continue to handle distribution, engineering and marketing (M)
Mr. Wilson said the deal was logical for Electronic Arts, which, with $3 billion in cash and no debt, is putting itself in a position to dominate a new market.
While those deals helped cement Yahoo as No.
Somewhat surprisingly, News Corporation had a network of Democratic allies that it was able to enlist when it decided to wage war on Nielsen.
's services division, which Wall Street monitors closely as a barometer of corporate demand and which typically accounts for about half of I.B.M.
''A major challenge in providing network management applications is the lack of consistent means of communicating with the variety of devices that comprise an end-to-end network,'' Cliff Meltzer, Cisco's senior vice president, said in a statement.
But instead of denying A.T.& T.'s request for a waiver on the merits of the case, Judge Greene rejected the request on the basis of an insufficient record and dismissed its plea "without prejudice."
He said continuing the litigation ''is simply not in the best interests of Lockheed Martin's customers, shareholders or employees.''
The investment in vending machines is costly, as the debt-heavy Coca-Cola Enterprises' fourth-quarter earnings statement shows.
On his first book, Mr. Gates collaborated with Nathan Myhrvold, Microsoft's chief technologist, and hired several ghost writers.
The Plainview suit contends that Exxon Mobil has polluted the groundwater there as a result of its use of M.T.B.E.
Mr. Borthwick testified on behalf of nine states that are pursuing curbs on Microsoft's business practices across a range of new technologies after a federal appeals court ruled last June that the software maker repeatedly violated antitrust laws.
On Monday, Intel said it would delay a projection television chip that was to have been based on the new technology.
The Noorderwijk case provides a fuller picture of the events surrounding the Coca-Cola Company's handling of an affair that by the company's own admission, has hurt its reputation and has drawn public apologies from the company's chief executive, M. Douglas Ivester.
In a sign of the effect of recent accounting questions at other companies, Cisco said today that it would abandon a synthetic lease that had moved some of the company's exposure to real estate off its balance sheet.
Spurred in part by the unusual unanimity among Morgan Stanley's four investment strategists, Mr. Purcell will try, in his first ''town hall'' address, to convince investors that selling stocks now would be a mistake.
But that idea was challenged by lawyers suing Wal-Mart, by a cleaner's affidavit and by several individuals who said they had contacted Wal-Mart's headquarters to complain about the treatment of illegal immigrant janitors.
Still, he argued, Microsoft had behaved and spent research and development money as if it did face competitive threats, particularly from the International Business Machines Corporation, which introduced the unsuccessful OS/2 operating system almost 10 years ago.
As the disappointing second quarter suggests, the semiconductor business accounts for very little of I.B.M.
''There were no products at the time,'' Leonard Guarraia, a former Monsanto executive who attended the Bush meeting, recalled in a recent interview.
Verizon's largest union took a more negative tone yesterday about contract talks, saying that some difficult issues remained unresolved and that the company was intent on increasing employees' contributions for health coverage and obtaining the power to dismiss workers at will.
A majority of the judges also appeared skeptical of the finding that Microsoft had violated Section 1 of the act by tying its Internet Explorer Web browser to its Windows operating system.
Technology Briefing
Cisco also said that it expected gross margins to decline to 60 percent from about 63 percent and that it would add 1,500 to 2,000 workers in the next quarter based on job offers that have already been made.
But Norfolk Southern promptly replied that it was still very much in the hunt, and Conrail recouped much of the early loss.
The Charles Schwab Corporation, forecasting no rebound in investor sentiment this year, said yesterday that it would eliminate 11 percent to 13 percent of its work force and warned that its first-quarter earnings would fall short of already lowered expectations.
Officials in Belgium and France complained repeatedly about Coca-Cola's apparent inability to tell them, in timely fashion, what it knew.
For the year, Intel said its gross profit margin could be lower than expected as well -- perhaps 58 percent, instead of the previous forecast of 60 percent.
Boston Scientific has disputed that allegation.
But Mr. Lafley is still restricted in how quickly he can move to make the famously insular Procter more nimble.
And in the government's sweeping antitrust case, the Microsoft Corporation was portrayed in convincing detail as a monopolistic bully.
More than a month ago, Wal-Mart announced that it would not join in the kind of ''price-beater'' and ''early-bird'' specials its competitors traditionally run the day after Thanksgiving, and Ms. Williams yesterday dismissed that approach again, labeling such limited-time, limited-quantity offers as ''gimmicks,'' and ''loss leaders.''
Johnson & Johnson, which lost its command of the plain-metal stent market in the 1990's after failing to innovate quickly enough, had the disadvantage in this case of being the first to the market, Mr. Gunderson said.
But there is also a risk to selling low-end desktop computers through Wal-Mart, said J. P. Gownder, an industry analyst with Forrester Research.
Morgan Stanley said yesterday that net income in its third quarter fell 13 percent from a year earlier, pulled lower by sour financial markets and a poor environment for investment banking.
The Carnival offer is not clear cut since it is conditional on the end ''without cost or liability'' of a joint venture in Southern Europe between P & O and Royal Caribbean by 2003.
Intel said weaker demand resulted in lower revenue in the Americas, Japan and Europe, compared with the fourth quarter of 1997, while revenue in the Asia-Pacific region was higher than in the previous quarter.
In Word 2002, Microsoft introduced a feature that offers a limited glimpse of formatting commands to help users who can't figure out why a typeface or other feature looks odd.
One area of disagreement was Mr. Perez's effort to strengthen ties with Nike's biggest retail clients.
AT&T's corporate reorganization, which involved spinning off its broadband, or cable, operations and establishing a separate tracking stock for its consumer long-distance business, has been delayed since Comcast offered to buy the broadband business.
Oracle, as the aggressor in the takeover fight, is less vulnerable to SAP's cherry-picking than PeopleSoft.
The grocery business has proven the most difficult for Wal-Mart to crack.
Other companies are expected to pay close attention to the new venture to see how it fares, said John Keogh, president of National Union Fire Insurance of Pittsburgh, a subsidiary of the American International Group, the big insurer.
But he said Aetna lagged in promptly getting information to corporate headquarters so changes could be made to adjust as costs rose.
But Microsoft has also had to focus on just how ''dirty'' quick and dirty handwriting can be.
''It could be as simple as a big black Lab sitting in front of the router next door, and it's degrading the signal, and bumping you to a neighbor's connection, one who uses Verizon,'' Mr. Dunne said.
And for the first time, Microsoft has set its software to automatically reject some cookies: unless the user changes the settings, Explorer will reject cookies coming from third-party sites like advertising networks if those sites do not have a mechanism that lets visitors opt out of data collection.
But his decision to cancel an O. J. Simpson television and book project by subsidiaries of the News Corporation was a rare acknowledgment that there are limits.
Arguing that it needed aerial refueling tankers, but saying that it did not have the money to pay for them, the Air Force has been lobbying for a proposal that would have leased 100 Boeing 767's and converted them into flying refueling stations for combat airplanes.
The AT&T Corporation, in announcing plans yesterday to buy BellSouth Corporation for $67 billion after months of speculation, took the offensive against low-cost rivals in the free-for-all for phone, wireless and television customers.
While Canadian department stores took relatively little pre-emptive action against Wal-Mart, Mr. Strapagiel said that Canada's grocers had aggressively expanded, cut prices and altered marketing plans to keep Wal-Mart out of their business.
One day before the commission, which is the executive arm of the 15-nation European Union, was expected to formally reject the merger, Boeing indicated a willingness to alter or drop its use of exclusive aircraft supply contracts with major American airlines, trade officials said.
Mr. Glaser's appearance before the committee included a computer demonstration of how the latest version of Microsoft's software for receiving streaming media, Windows Media Player, cannot play Internet multimedia programming that is based on the latest Real Networks technology.
In a statement, Con Edison said it planned to appeal the verdict, which it called ''grossly excessive and not supported by facts or law.''
In an interview, he said he left because he was disappointed that McDonald's had not incorporated his recommendations into its recent ''Balanced Lifestyles'' campaign.
In the largest violation, the Labor Department determined that Halliburton was supposed to distribute several million dollars in cash and stock to pension participants but instead kept the money for itself.
I feared that I wouldn't be able to answer because when I arrived at Amazon.com, the site greeted me by name as usual after recognizing the cookie it had sent to my computer at an earlier date.
One reason for the decline is that Wal-Mart pressures its suppliers to cut their costs and that may lead to lower wages for the workers of suppliers.
Mr. Kavetas also said that Kodak's earnings would not improve until the second half of this year.
A columnist on ZDnet took time out from his lukewarm product review to charge that the Apple public relations apparatus had deceived him.
Correction:  September 30, 2002, Monday  A picture with the State of the Art column in Circuits on Thursday, about Microsoft's Windows Media Player software, was published in error.
The largest regional telephone companies -- Verizon, SBC Communications, BellSouth and Qwest -- had argued that the standards permit leasing fees that are so low that neither they nor the smaller challengers would have a financial interest in investing to build and improve their networks.
Heavy damage sustained by Verizon Communications building in Lower Manhattan on Sept 11 underscores vulnerability of communications networks operated by Verizon and other telephone companies--sprawling systems that rely heavily on critical hubs; telephone network, including dedicated data lines used by big corporations, financial institutions and others, does not have Internet's self-detouring abilities; telehpone network's voice and data lines are superior in quality and carrying capacityto Internet, but when telephone network is damaged, it cannot heal itself; Verizon has worked around the clock to restore operations and service to its customers, but company indicates that significantly reducing building's network vulnerabilities would require more time or money than company is willing to expend; photos (M)
The course of the Intel campaign will be particularly important for two other companies -- Hewlett-Packard, which jointly developed the Itanium chip with Intel, and Sun Microsystems, the company with the most to lose if the Itanium technology prevails.
So Dr. Araneta's autopsy proves that Vioxx is not connected to Mr. Ernst's death, Merck's lawyers say.
Spokesmen for General Mills and Diageo could not be reached for comment yesterday.
A.T.& T. Cutting Up to 15,000 Jobs to Trim Costs
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration says crash test of 2003 Lincoln Navigator sport utility vehicle indicates that it has become more harmful to people riding in passenger cars than 1999 model; finding is significant because Navigator has been marketed by Ford Motor Co as vehicle redesigned in ways that made it less dangerous to passenger car occupants in two-vehicle collisions; agency researcher Stephen M Summers comments (M)
Yesterday, Amazon's apparel site was filled with technical problems.
The other agencies invited into the review have no present ties to Kellogg.
Nervous investors drove shares of the American Express Company down 6.8 percent yesterday after the company warned that its growth overseas would be hampered by the Asian financial crisis and by a softening of the global economy.
A month later, in March, Boeing organized a two-day lobbying effort, billed as a ''suppliers conference,'' in which 150 C-17 suppliers came to Washington to meet with their local members of Congress.
But yesterday's announcement suggested that being first actually proved  to be a disadvantage for AT&T.
executive testified today that the Microsoft Corporation had repeatedly raised the prices it charged the International Business Machines Corporation for its Windows operating system and had enforced other onerous licensing terms in retaliation for I.B.M.
With those findings, everyone involved with the case realized that his final judgment -- which would be called a verdict in a criminal case -- was likely to fall heavily against Microsoft, as it did today.
The complaint accuses the directors of a breach of fiduciary duties, and it accuses Goldman Sachs, which owns 15.6 percent of Archipelago and represented both the exchange and Archipelago in the negotiations, of helping to advance the directors' breach while structuring a deal that favored itself.
Though rei.com is small compared with Amazon.com -- only $50 million in annual sales versus $610 million -- it is similiarly dominating its market.
On Thursday alone, it fell 7 percent, as rumors swirled that the News Corporation, which has become frustrated in its attempt to pull off a merger with DirecTV, was close to a deal with a rival satellite company, Echostar.
''We decided, in a sense, we don't want to compete with our customers, and it doesn't make sense for us to make that investment when the telecommunications companies whose core competencies it is are going to make it,'' Louis V. Gerstner Jr., the chairman of I.B.M., said at a news conference.
For I.B.M., the options now are fight, settle or perhaps buy out SCO.
Article recalls dramas inside Marriott Hotel at 3 World Trade Center a year ago, as south tower collapsed around hotel; in its final 102 minutes, Marriott Hotel served as mouth of tunnel, a runway in and out of burning towers for perhaps a thousand people or more; about 50 people died in World Trade Center complex's hotel, at least 41 of them firefighters; photo; drawings (M)
Target's Mossimo youth-oriented sportswear from Mr. Gianulli alone contributed $700 million in sales to the chain's bottom line between February 2001 and February 2002.
Eastman Kodak Co warns that third-quarter sales and earnings could be below expectations, and its stock tumbles in late trading; company also says it will 'eliminate chronic money losers and nonstrategic units' but does not give details; shares of Eastman Kodak fall 8.4 percent, or $5.50, to $60; graph (L)
AT&T Chief, Who Cut Jobs, Defends Pay
The sizable financial effect of that delay is precisely the kind of trouble Electronic Arts avoids by putting out sequels.
"This is a big loss for AT&T here," said George F. Colony, president of Forrester Research, a consulting firm in Cambridge, Mass.
Deutsche Bank has also lagged behind rivals like Citigroup, Merrill Lynch and Morgan Stanley in combining its debt and equity operations.
Walt Disney Co will take 50 percent stake in US Weekly, which will be published by new jointly owned company; Wenner Media executive says Disney invested $35 million; arrangement means Wenner will no longer have to shoulder entire financial burden of magazine, which is not yet profitable; photo (M)
Apple executives cautioned against assuming that the prospect of another disappointing financial report prompted the board to demand Mr. Amelio's resignation.
But WebSphere may be too big and too costly for some customers, I.B.M.
Yahoo's share price was $148 three weeks ago, but has fallen steadily.
Along with those arguments, Brad Smith, deputy general counsel for Microsoft, has extensively researched previous antitrust cases and said none of them offers a clear parallel.
The court is nonetheless compelled to express its further conclusion that the predatory course of conduct Microsoft has pursued since June of 1995 has revived the dangerous probability that Microsoft will attain monopoly power in a second market.
''These results are clearly disappointing,'' said Warren Jenson, chief financial officer for Electronic Arts, based in Redwood City, Calif. ''We missed our plan and we missed our forecast.''
IBM executive Gary Norris, in deposition in Government's antitrust case, testifies that Microsoft Corp repeatedly raised prices it charged IBM for its Windows operating system and enforced other onerous licensing terms in retaliation for IBM's refusal to stop competing with Microsoft; Norris will testify as witness for Government when trial resumes next week; photo (M)
American International Group is being increasingly haunted by its island adventures.
Pfizer has said that data so far do not show an increased risk of heart attacks for Bextra users with osteoarthritis or rheumatoid arthritis, or those undergoing general surgery.
A lawsuit filed in California by Apple Computer is drawing the courts into that question: who should be considered a journalist?
The turnaround plan, which is being devised by Nicholas V. Scheele, newly appointed as Ford Motor's president and chief operating officer, has already been delayed several times and might not be fully assembled until January.
But the people who read the plan said there was no provision for ensuring that the News Corporation would not gain financial sway over the independent directors.
The guilty plea and a fine settled all of Pfizer's civil and criminal liability to the federal and state governments.
''The Japanese government condemned Intel for its exclusionary and illegal misconduct.''
The researchers, Gordon Bell and Jim Gray, scientists at Microsoft's Bay Area Research Center, presented the argument last month in a meeting of the National Research Council's Computer Science and Telecommunications Board at Stanford University.
Though the Internetworking Product Center, as Cisco calls its sales site on the Web, is new, Cisco is no newcomer to Internet sales.
Wal-Mart officials continued to maintain yesterday that senior executives did not know until last October's raids that cleaning contractors were employing illegal immigrants.
Certainly, Mr. Deutsch would by no means be the answer to all of Interpublic's difficulties.
German financial magazine Wirtschafts Woche reports Microsoft head Bill Gates is interested in buying Nintendo; many Web sites and several news services pick up report, and Microsoft's public relations team shifts into gear for damage control and denial (M)
The TravelMate has an Intel Celeron M processor running at 1.6 gigahertz, 512 megabytes of RAM and an 80-gigabyte hard drive.
Antitrust prosecutors have complained that Microsoft has sought to use its existing monopoly over computer operating systems to take control over the software used to navigate the ever-expanding Internet.
Coca-Cola Co's major bottler in Central and Eastern Europe, Coca-Cola Beverages, reports unexpectedly steep drop in first-half volume sales and its stock falls sharply; Coca-Cola Beverages attributes 5 percent decline in volume, measured in cases sold, to severe economic problems in Russia, Kosovo conflict, company's recent bottled-water recalls in Poland and bad publicity from Coca-Cola beverage recalls in Belgium and France, which were handled by Coca-Cola Enterprises; first-half results are announced as merger talks continue between Coca-Cola Beverages and Hellenic Bottling, Athens-based independent Coke bottler; Ron Pugsley, general director of Coca-Cola Beverages Poland, says company will reopen affected Polish plant on July 14; photo (M)
The downturn prompted Intel last week to delay raises for employees and limit new hiring.
Yet currency gains, from the weakness of the dollar, magnified I.B.M.
A senior executive of the General Re Corporation, Richard Napier, plans to plead guilty today to criminal fraud charges, according to a court document and individuals briefed on a wide-ranging inquiry into insurance abuses involving the American International Group, one of the world's biggest insurers.
''But in addition to cutting costs, General Dynamics would become a monopoly, hurting competition for not only nuclear submarines but also surface ships.
Gary Ginsberg, executive vice-president for corporate development at the News Corporation, said Mr. Murdoch has had no problems with almost all of The Journal's coverage of his company, including articles in the last two years about his son Lachlan's resignation as an executive from the company and about a family dispute over the trusts that control the News Corporation.
Shares of Altria fell $2.08, to $32.64; Vector declined 44 cents, to $13.06; British American Tobacco lost 39 cents, to $18.46; Loews was off $1.23, to $42.12; and R. J. Reynolds fell $3.12, to $33.57.
Correction of July 13 article on Morgan Stanley's settlement of sex discrimination lawsuit brought by government, regarding age of woman whose complaint led to it
Norway's investment choices have become a focus of attention in the last nine months over the exclusion of Wal-Mart, the American retailer whose big-box stores do not exist in this pristine country.
In my own case, there was confusion over the location of our apartment (vacant for several years before it was renovated, it had disappeared from Verizon's records) and a misunderstanding about how long it would take the company's technicians to install the line and jacks that my wife and I urgently needed, since we both work from home some of the time.
Working with a broadband service company, BB Technologies, that is also owned by Softbank, Yahoo Japan will offer the high-speed asymmetric digital subscriber line, or A.D.S.L., connection for a monthly rate of 2,280 yen ($18.55), about half that charged by its Japanese rivals.
Even if Enron files for bankruptcy, neither J. P. Morgan nor Citigroup is thought to have enough exposure to be at serious risk.
For the last two years, Microsoft and Intel have been careful not to alienate either camp in the format battle because they sell software and components to companies on each side.
Mr. Galvin's six years with Motorola were marred by billions of dollars in losses, a painful financial restructuring, 60,000 job cuts and declining market share in cellphones and other major businesses.
The complaint suggests that the issues at stake in Marriott's legal battles with large hotel owners are now troubling at least one investor.
Other analysts say the rush to sell stemmed from a belief that the history of mismanagement, accounting discrepancies and earnings disappointments that plagued Waste Management before it was acquired was going to be endlessly repeated.
The deal will probably not surprise avid users of eBay, since other examples turned up, too.
In offering advanced data services, the new Comcast may even face internal problems.
Publishers say Amazon.com now sells more of its slow-selling titles at no discount.
In New York, after Time Warner declared it had no room on its cable systems for the Fox News Channel, Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani interceded on Fox's behalf and tried to force Time Warner to carry Fox News on one of the channels leased for use by the city.
But Tiffany has no plans to use lasers to brand its gems.
Motorola Sees Low Earnings; Stock Tumbles
Mattel Inc chairman Jill E Barad's efforts to stem decline in company's earnings is drawing mixed reviews; Barad's strategy, which includes selling more toys directly to consumers through catalogues and Internet, has angered some retailers who accuse her of trying to compete directly with them; investors who were once enamored of Barad appear to have grown impatient waiting for her to deliver results; since she took over as chief executive in January 1997, company's stock has fallen 10 percent; many big investors say Mattel needs to generate hefty returns from recently acquired companies, reduce its reliance on Barbie and respond more quickly to changes in the way children play; graph; photo (M)
Wal-Mart's directors and shareholders have been keenly aware of such pressures on the company.
As for the additional 20 million votes, a spokeswoman for Fox said that the News Corporation had always intended to donate $5 million, no matter how many votes came in.
The court said that it would not take up an appeal of a lower court decision that 14 patients cannot sue Medtronic over alleged defects in pacemaker wires that connect the device to the heart.
The subject was META's warning that the software giant Oracle might try to charge the companies extra fees for database software they had already bought.
Morgan Stanley Reports Decline That Is Worse Than Expected
In recent weeks, General Motors and Ford Motor Company have announced large job cuts and factory closings for the coming decade.
Pepsi-Cola will test new version of lemon-lime soft drink, called Storm, in at least one city later this year; Pepsi is deeply interested in rebuilding its fountain business, much of which was lost to Coca-Cola over last 10 years because many fast-food chains saw Pepsi's parent company, owner of several other fast-food chains, as the enemy (M)
Mr. Leahy can now begin selling the A350 to carriers, which have been withholding orders or switching to Boeing out of frustration with what some perceived as an inferior design.
After heaping blame for the potential disaster on Time Warner, the ad provides a local phone number for residents to call to complain.
In the three years since, General Mills, which dreamed up Betty back in 1921 to represent its myriad brands, has been striving to make up for lost time.
But some of those who have left recently said the reorganization did little to address Yahoo's problems.
Viacom Inc's chairman Sumner M Redstone is expected to announce that his company will put most of Simon & Schuster, $2 billion publishing operation, up for sale; Simon & Schuster's educational publishing businesses will most likely be put on the block; but Viacom is expected to hold onto trade imprint; Morgan Stanley, Dean Witter, Discover & Co is expected to be hired to handle sale, which analysts say could fetch $4 billion to $4.5 billion (L)
As General Motors is painfully aware, no car seems to have lost so much of its cool as the Cadillac sedan, which once held popular culture in its thrall.
First, the court found that because Microsoft removed its Internet Explorer browser from the Add/Remove Programs utility for Windows 98, personal computer makers and users no longer had the option of getting rid of the company's software.
Even if a jury decided the company was responsible for Mr. Ernst's death, Merck would probably not have to pay large monetary damages because he had a relatively low-paying job at Wal-Mart and was 59 years old when he died.
Apple Corps, which represents the Beatles' business interests and markets their post-1968 recordings on disc, wants the computer firm to stop using the Apple trademark to sell recordings online, along with unspecified damages.
Oracle Argues Its Case Before PeopleSoft Clients
Carnival, the world's largest cruise line, said that the 16 cases in which passengers said they had been raped by crew members represented a lower incidence of crime shown in statistics for cities and towns.
Yet at least in public, the unions put the pressure on Verizon, the telephone giant formed recently by Bell Atlantic's acquisition of the GTE Corporation.
Mr. Gerstner is famous in business circles for taking I.B.M., the world's largest computer maker, from a hidebound behemoth on the brink of collapse to a model of corporate revival, lifting its market value from about $29 billion the year before he arrived in 1993 to about $181 billion when he retired in 2001.
Verizon and SBC may have also been scared by WorldCom's accounting practices, according to some telecommunications executives.
Wal-Mart, under attack now from unions and prominent Democrats, yesterday introduced a marketing campaign that closely resembles the television advertisements used by political candidates.
Carnival Corp has until July 18 to decide whether to make concessions in its offer for P&O Princess Cruises to appease European antitrust regulators, and bring long running battle for control of P&O Princess one step closer to fruition; battle for P&O has been raging since December, when Carnival moved to disrupt friendly merger between P&O and Royal Caribbean Cruises with $5.5 billion hostile bid for P&O; Royal Caribbean chief executive Richard Fain meets with European competition commissioner Mario Monti and urges him to block Carnival's bid (M)
Unlike telephone voice calls, for which AT&T now pays the Bells billions of  dollars a year in "access charges" to connect local customers to AT&T's long-distance network, computer connections made to assigned numbers over those  same local lines are exempt from access charges.
After all, General Electric let its merger with Honeywell collapse rather than make concessions to European regulators.
The year that Mr. Lewis took over, Bank of America was losing customers, with a 163,000 decline in new savings accounts.
The problem, on jets made by Boeing and by others, is the operation of the air-conditioners on hot days.
Apple said it was investigating whether RealNetworks's move violated the Digital Millennium Copyright Act or other intellectual property laws.
Interview with David Winer, software designer who warns on his widely read electronic newsletter that Microsoft is trying to contort network software standards in effort to dominate Internet's future direction; photo (M)
But Pharmacia, which sells Celebrex and Bextra, a similar drug that was introduced this year, and Merck & Company, the maker of Vioxx, said they disagreed with Express Scripts' contention that the medicines were being overprescribed.
The factory, which opens as the computer chip business is in a slump, is a costly and risky move for I.B.M.
General Electric's largest union, which staged a two-day walkout over health benefits in January, threatened to go on strike again next month as it began negotiations yesterday for a new contract covering 14,000 workers.
Merck officials briefly cited their plan to run a study in patients with chest pain as part of a 176-page document recently submitted by the company to the Food and Drug Administration.
Mr. Boneparth left the room, and then came back to announce that Jones was suing Polo Ralph Lauren for the money it would lose from having the line taken away.
Pfizer has been fighting to prevent the release of hundreds of similar documents, which it says are confidential information.
And instead of a corporation struggling to stay a step ahead of technological obsolesence -- the argument with which he has tended to rebut his anti-monopolist critics in recent years -- Mr. Gates boasts in a recent memo to his staff that Microsoft's position in the computer industry is stronger than it has ever been.
''People have been worrying about it for a while,'' said Dr. Loren Laine, a professor of medicine at the University of Southern California who worked on the Merck aspirin study.
In December the commission issued a new lawsuit against Microsoft, accusing it of failing to provide the technical documentation needed by rival server software makers; it was ordered to provide that data in the 2004 ruling.
Wal-Mart's application for an industrial loan company charter has been a hot-button political issue with banking industry groups aligning themselves with regulators and some of the company's fiercest critics.
Three Wall Street firms report earnings that reflect importance of their physical location on Sept 11 when terrorists attacked in lower Manhattan; Lehman Brothers Holdings, with employees scattered by attacks, reports fourth-quarter net income fell 67 percent, largely because of displacement from its offices; Goldman Sachs Group net income fell 17 percent and Bear Stearns Companies' dropped 21 percent for same quarter; neither suffered degree of disruption that Lehman did (M)
The securities appear to cover Citigroup's potential losses from Enron, which in fact filed for bankruptcy protection in December.
In part to avoid a ''Star Wars'' repeat, Mattel has worked to lower expectations.
The legal and public relations troubles facing Microsoft began slowly last fall.
Mr. Norris said Microsoft charged I.B.M.
For Viacom -- owner of CBS, MTV and the Paramount studio -- standing by while Comcast swallowed Disney would leave it surrounded by three integrated media giants, counting Time Warner and the News Corporation, all combining major studios and television networks with cable or satellite systems.
That would have left a communications workers' bargaining unit representing striking employees in several mid-Atlantic states alone in bargaining with Verizon.
Microsoft asserts that Windows and Internet Explorer are a single product and that Microsoft alone defines what is in the product.
Recent news that simply opening an e-mail message could destroy data on hard drive has created new concern about personal software security among e-mail users; chart describes flaws in and scheduled fixes for Netscape, Microsoft and Qualcomm e-mail programs (M)
Until today, Boeing and the European Commission had made virtually no progress toward a settlement and appeared on track for a politically loaded trade battle.
Both these divisions have lagged behind the growth of Morgan Stanley's blue-chip institutional securities business and have become targets of Mr. Purcell's critics, who say they are a drag on the firm and its stock price.
Just as Microsoft has been seen over the years as an aggressive, deep-pocketed competitor for talent, Internet start-ups in Silicon Valley complain that virtually every time they try to recruit a well-regarded computer programmer, that person is already contemplating an offer from Google.
Executives of Fox, a unit of the News Corporation, dismiss any such worries.
Checks with several utilities indicated that Union Pacific's problems do not appear to be a factor in power shortages around the Midwest.
Last Wednesday, it filed a motion to hold Microsoft in contempt of the court's injunction to provide PC manufacturers and consumers a real option to its bundled Windows-Explorer offering.
New Yorkers, however, can expect an aggressive marketing pitch from the subsidiaries of the merged Con Edison and Northeast Utilities, which are competing with other marketers.
Now that the lawsuit against Microsoft has been settled, Mr. Sparks said, Caldera Inc., now just a holding company, will probably cease to exist.
Boeing tests protective system it hopes to install on airplanes to prevent type of fuel tank explosion that destroyed Trans World Airlines Flight 800 in 1996; system adds nitrogen to empty space in fuel tank to dilute oxygen content to level that will not support fire or explosion; Federal Aviation Administration head Marion C Blakey hails fuel-tank inerting as safety advance, but is not sure whether agency will require airlines to install costly system; diagram (M)
She also cast some doubt on the relevance of his complaints about Microsoft's delay in disclosing technical information.
But their expectations have been lowered significantly since last year, when chip makers, trying to keep up with record demand for their products, bought as much equipment as Applied Materials could build.
''Strong conduct remedies could make it difficult for Microsoft to be as aggressive as it has been in the past,'' said David Yoffie, a professor at the Harvard Business School.
Analysts said that Netflix would probably pay a bounty to Wal-Mart for each customer that converted to its service, much as it does with many other business partners.
Earlier this month, Apple said it expected a loss of between $100 million and $150 million in the quarter, far higher than analysts had estimated.
Street Scene; Morgan Stanley's Retail Troubles
Lawyers for the plaintiffs said Wal-Mart lost credibility when it put more than 50 managers on the stand to testify that they had never seen employees work off the clock.
After that happens, Mr. Malone, who sold Tele-Communications Inc. to AT&T in 1999, intends to resign from the AT&T board, the company said.
Corporate strategists advise companies facing litigation and public criticism to work together, but Bridgestone\ Firestone and Ford Motor have chosen stealth instead over the last week, a sign of the acrimony and mutual distrust that has destroyed their nearly century-old partnership.
Time Warner, which is based in New York, will put $650 million in debt onto the balance sheet of the joint ventures, thereby reducing its overall debt burden to $16.6 billion from $17.2 billion.
PeopleSoft warned investors on Wednesday that its second-quarter earnings would be worse than it expected, blaming Oracle's relentless takeover bid for damage to its business.
But Microsoft contends that there has been no change of policy over the last month.
The outcome of a separate inspection of Coca-Cola plants in Belgium by the European Union remained unclear, as did the future of restrictions on Coca-Cola products in Luxembourg and the Netherlands.
''Basically, we showed that Bextra is no different than Vioxx, and Pfizer is trying to suppress that information,'' Dr. Furberg said.
And it may make Microsoft more vulnerable to antitrust litigation in the future.
THE MARKETS: Market Place; Inside Intel, Latest Setbacks Provoke Worries
The long and winding road has come to an end for the Beatles, at least as far as the dispute over their Apple logo is concerned.
Today, having clung stubbornly to its independence, Comcast will become a seedbed for Mr. Gates to test his vision of a converging world -- not of telephone and cable networks, but of television sets and PC's.
While the current crisis is not as serious as the one faced in 1982 by Johnson & Johnson when some packages of Tylenol had been tampered with or by Source Perrier S.A. over contamination of its bottled water in 1990, how Coca-Cola handles this is critical to its reputation, the experts say.
So some of the tactics Microsoft used in the browser battle should no longer be in the Microsoft arsenal.
The decision has no effect on a $320 million settlement that I.B.M.
No one says that having lived through the last recession was complete protection against this decline, of course, and even relatively seasoned chief executives like John T. Chambers at Cisco Systems seem to have been caught unaware.
PeopleSoft has maintained that a takeover by Oracle undervalues PeopleSoft and would hurt PeopleSoft's customers.
But a firing might make Pfizer appear vindictive or give him more publicity, Mr. Putzier said.
The recycling contract is also a precursor to the mayor's eagerly awaited 20-year waste management plan, which is to be announced by early October.
He said that he knew his days were numbered at Wal-Mart when his superiors criticized him immediately after he told Michael T. Duke, then a Wal-Mart executive vice president and now the president of the Wal-Mart Stores division, that the company's monitoring program deserved a D-plus or C-minus.
But Mr. Braun left after his initiatives were stymied by turf battles with Yahoo headquarters.
Consolidated Edison Inc chairman-chief executive Eugene R McGrath's decision to acquire Northeast Utilities holds promise of cheaper power for Con Ed customers; Con Ed will become dominant force in Northeast in rapidly changing industry and will become one of largest utilities in country, with customer base of 4.7 million; McGrath stresses that company will primarily deliver electricity and other services and no longer be large generator of electricity; promises to remain cautious in bringing together marketing units of two companies; photo (M)
Executive to Leave AT&T
''Merck must dissect the loss and retool its trial strategy for the next round,'' said Peter Bicks, a defense lawyer for Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe who is not involved in the litigation but has followed it closely.
In the book, ''Sam Walton: Made in America,'' Mr. Walton boasted that the amount of merchandise lost to theft at Wal-Mart was half that of the retailing industry's average.
The original judge on the case, Thomas Penfield Jackson of the Federal District Court, ordered that Microsoft be split in two after finding that it had abused its monopoly power in the market for personal computer operating systems by sabotaging the Netscape Navigator browser and Sun Microsystem's Java programming language.
Business Travel; An apparent case of air rage on Southwest Airlines ends in what is later ruled homicide.
But AOL executives are widely reported to have intensely debated the seriousness of the threat of Windows XP and Microsoft's new Hailstorm Internet strategy.
Three large insurance companies said yesterday that they objected to a reorganization plan announced earlier this month by the Cigna Corporation, another insurer, on grounds that the plan could create a Cigna subsidiary that might fail to meet its obligations and become a burden to other insurance companies.
He noted that all three network newscasts had changed anchors in a short period, with the death of Peter Jennings forcing a change at ABC after Tom Brokaw and Dan Rather retired from NBC and CBS.
The announcement comes just days after extended negotiations between Compaq and Time Warner Inc. collapsed, according to executives familiar with the talks.
Comcast Corp withdraws its $54.1 billion offer for Walt Disney Co after it becomes apparent that its bid is too low to succeed; several analysts say failed effort has somewhat damaged Comcast's image; Comcast chief executive Brian L Roberts says his only mistake in bidding for Disney was assumption 'that the Disney board would talk to us'; failed bid raises questions about strategy that Comcast will choose to pursue next; graph; photo (M)
Mr. Bezos said that until the plans had been decided upon, he could not predict how much the change -- which will take place no later than January -- would affect Amazon's earnings.
Mr. Dym called it ''a big-time irony'' that Microsoft was releasing its instant-messaging protocol, since it has jealously guarded the source code for its operating systems and software programs.
Merck recently asked the panel of judges that supervises the way mass torts are handled in federal courts to assign all of the lawsuits to one judge.
Showing signs that it is serious about its hostile bid for PeopleSoft, Oracle said today that it would drop its objection to PeopleSoft's latest move to acquire J. D. Edwards, a rival maker of business software.
A.T.& T., which plans to reassign most operators to other work, contends that increased direct-dialing of long-distance calls requires fewer operators, but the union operators were so angry that some stood at their stations for 15 minutes earlier this month and began thanking customers for using A.T.& T. and a live operator.
To make niche models at reasonable prices, General Motors is reviving a car-building method -- bolting bodies onto solid frames -- that had almost disappeared.
In the first Vioxx lawsuit to reach a jury, Merck was ordered in August to pay $253 million to the widow of a Texas man who died after taking Vioxx for almost eight months.
EBay says the sale of fake brand-name goods on its site exploded when it expanded to China in 2004, but rights holders have complained to eBay about the problem for years.
Boeing's former chief financial officer was also sentenced to four months in prison in the case.
Mr. Gelsinger declined to comment on the reports of impending price cuts, but company officials said that Intel routinely reduced prices throughout the year.
Later, Mr. Lanier mocked Merck's witnesses, comparing one to a jukebox: ''You put in your money and he'll sing any song that you want.''
Profit at General Motors more than doubled in the second quarter, the company said today, but its pension liabilities and its investment in Fiat continued to pull down its stock price.
But both Microsoft and Yahoo are increasingly fearful of Google's power.''
''The government is going to get customers to say that they have three choices,'' said Gary Reback, an antitrust lawyer with Carr & Ferrell of Palo Alto, Calif., who is representing PeopleSoft in its battle to fend off Oracle.
In less than two weeks, barring a last-minute settlement, the European Commission is expected to declare Microsoft an abusive monopolist, impose a fine of $100 million to $1 billion and order the company to make fundamental changes to the way it sells software in Europe.
''As an investor in MCI, I don't like leaving any money on the table for our investors,'' said Steven Cohen, the chief information officer at Kellner DiLeo Cohen & Company, a hedge fund in New York, referring to the $900 million difference between Qwest's and Verizon's current bids.
Including the effect of the $13.1 billion cable write-down, AT&T reported a loss of $12.7 billion, or $3.49 a share.
Correction:  May 12, 2007, Saturday  An article in Business Day on Wednesday about a Hong Kong couple accused of insider trading in connection with a bid for Dow Jones & Company by the News Corporation referred imprecisely to the actions taken by Dow Jones.
But one lobbyist for a Microsoft competitor confirmed that similar lobbying against Microsoft continues today.
Analysts are warning investors that Boston Scientific, the market leader in the $5 billion global market for stents, is at risk of losing one or more long-running legal battles this summer.
Express Scripts said it was recommending that its clients, which include many employer health plans, require patients who are not at risk of ulcers to try a generic pain reliever before taking Celebrex, Vioxx or Bextra, which are known as Cox-2 inhibitors.
The details of the Interpublic givebacks were discussed at the annual meeting in Midtown Manhattan, where unhappy stockholders closely questioned Mr. Dooner's successor, David A.
Nervous investors drive shares of American Express Co down 6.8 percent after chief executive Harvey Golub warns that its growth overseas will be hampered by Asian financial crisis and by softening of global economy; shares plunge $7.375, to $101.0625 on nearly five times normal trading volume (M)
Federal District Judge Edwin L. Nelson concluded last year, in a separate, continuing suit in which he ordered Intel to resume supplying Intergraph with crucial technology and sample chips while the litigation proceeds, that Intel ''violated its affirmative duties as a monopolist not to misuse its monopoly power and to compete in a manner that does not unreasonably or unfairly harm competition.''
Previously, Apple rejected RealNetworks' overtures to license Apple technology to make RealPlayer's music playable on the iPod.
Shares of Adobe Systems Inc slide 13.3 percent after it warns that it will miss its earnings and sales forecasts this quarter (S)
The vote on Wednesday is critical because the European Union has asserted its authority to reject the merger on the ground that Boeing is a major aircraft supplier across Europe.
Representatives of Boeing Co and 17,000 engineers and technical workers represented by Society of Professional Engineering Employees in Aerospace union are expected to meet separately with federal mediators this week amid signs that tensions between two groups is escalating; workers walked off their jobs Feb 9 after contract negotiations broke down over wages and health care coverage (M)
Hologic, a leader in breast cancer diagnostics, focuses on the top half, while Cytyc, a leader in diagnostics for cervical cancer, focuses on the bottom half.
Unconvinced by Yahoo's arguments that such technology was deeply flawed, the judge said the company would be subject to a fine of about $13,000 for each day it did not comply with his earlier order.
Though the company is still struggling, Apple has surprised the naysayers by exceeding earnings estimates from Wall Street for three consecutive quarters, selling record numbers of G3 Macintosh computers, raising its stock price and reducing employee turnover.
Texas Instruments plans to reduce costs through voluntary retirements, temporarily idling plants and imposing a freeze on new hiring.
But analysts said they had already built the Asian weakness into their estimates and that the company's internal performance fell well short of the guidance they had received from Oracle's management earlier in the quarter.
It is a familiar complaint, heard from smaller companies every time Microsoft issues a new or updated operating system that includes extra features.
Boeing Co stuns investors with news of steep drop in second-quarter earnings and even more unexpected warning that results for both this year and next will be about 40 percent below Wall Street estimates; earnings fell 46 percent, to $258 million compared with $476 million in year-earlier quarter; revenue rose 9 percent, to $13.4 billion, from $12.3 billion in 1997; shares fall $6.5625, to $41.1875; chart (M)
Microsoft Management Tells Workers There Will Be No Breakup
Tomorrow, when the International Business Machines Corporation cuts the ribbon on a new, much smaller corporate home quietly nestled in a woodsy ravine nearby, the building will signify the postmodern, postdownsizing, employee-empowerment era that the company now represents.
America Online and other Internet stocks were derided as bubbles waiting to burst; Time Warner was viewed as an old-economy company that was stumbling in its efforts to get with the new economy.
The deal will insure that Microsoft gets an inside track in the new interactive television industry, which after years of delay appears to be showing some signs of life.
An investigator at the National Transportation Safety Board said today that its experts were increasingly convinced that a jackscrew in the tail of an Alaska Airlines jet was damaged before the plane crashed and was a factor in problems controlling the aircraft just before it went down in the Pacific Ocean last month.
The Microsoft Corporation has delayed the Japanese introduction of its Xbox video game console until next year but says it remains on schedule to begin selling the consoles on its home turf on Nov. 8.
''By settling this case,'' added Mr. Shapiro, a former senior official in the Justice Department's antitrust division and a consultant to Intel, ''the commission avoids putting the debatable theory behind its complaint to the test.''
Cisco had hired another company to own and manage some of its properties, allowing Cisco to deduct interest payments and depreciation from its taxes but keeping the property and debt off its balance sheet.
Police seized documents and arrested five people on Wednesday in a raid of the Brazilian offices of Kroll, the risk consulting firm, and a local private equity fund named Opportunity, which serves as a fund manager for Citigroup here.
But in between, William H. Gates, the chairman of Microsoft, fielded some questions from his shareholders at the company's annual meeting today that he might not have faced a week ago, questions about whether his legal team had failed him and whether the company might even be broken up in the wake of its antitrust fight with the federal government.
stopped pushing Lotus SmartSuite, its rival to Microsoft Office.
But even with this new focus on searches, Danny Sullivan, the editor of Search Engine Watch, said that Microsoft will have a tough time catching up with Google.
Microsoft all but ignored Web search until Google had established its technology and brand.
The campaign is also exposing fault lines within the industry and highlighting differences in strategy between Microsoft and Intel.
Mr. Semel added that Yahoo actually benefited from the uncertainty in the economic and political climates.
Barry Jaruzelski, who oversees the global technology practice for Booz Allen Hamilton, a consulting company, said Cisco appeared to be holding its own ''in spite of this hellacious environment.''
The low end of the product spectrum is filled by Motorola's Talkabout T900, which comes in black, aqua, dark blue or red plastic.
The Belgian authorities said they still had not determined the exact cause of the sickness that led to the biggest recall in Coca-Cola's 113-year history.
Kodak concedes that it has been losing one or two percentage points of market to Fuji every year, but analysts say the erosion is closer to 5 percent.
In a hint of what those savings may include, Pfizer said that a preliminary review had found that emergency room visits among asthma patients had fallen 3 percent.
In addition, Apple was unable to make enough of its new Powerbook 1400 notebook computers to meet demand, resulting in a backlog of $200 million.
Outbreak of sickness associated with Coca-Cola in Europe has raised questions about quality control and company's ability to respond quickly to crisis; when outbreak began, Coke took several days to make matter high priority; apology to consumers took more than a week after first public reports that people had fallen sick; it was not until June 18--10 days after first schoolboy in Belgium became dizzy and nauseated after drinking Coke--that top officials arrived in Belgium; and when Coke did begin to respond, it tried to minimize reports of illness; map; photos (M)
A Citigroup spokeswoman said that no final decisions had been made.
''While we were very disappointed by the Performa sales results and the associated loss, our financial position remains sound,'' Fred Anderson, Apple's executive vice president and chief financial officer, said in a telephone conference call.
The new 740 and 750 chips, which operate at low voltages, were priced by Motorola from $359 to $568 and by I.B.M.
Wal-Mart said it would choose sites traditionally overlooked by retailers -- urban neighborhoods with high unemployment, contaminated land and old shopping centers in need of revitalization.
This summer, Judge Patti B. Saris ordered Pfizer to go through the documents and release any that did not include information that would put it at a competitive disadvantage.
Royal Caribbean will pay $515 million in cash and stock and will assume $800 million of debt.
Microsoft also took pains today to state that in contrast to the current generation of the Internet, in which services are largely provided free of charge, customers will be charged for most of its new services.
Market Place column on investor skepticism about EchoStar Communications deal to pay General Motors $26 billion for its Hughes Electronics unit, which owns the DirecTV satellite television service; EchoStar nd Hughes shares are both down sharply; deal faces likely antitrust objections (M)
''What I'm disappointed in is that Johnson & Johnson didn't get the Vision stent,'' Mr. Lemaitre, the Merrill analyst, said.
Amgen Inc says Food and Drug Administration has rejected new drug, abarelix, for prostate cancer that it was developing with Praecis Pharmaceuticals; Biogen Inc says its psoriasis drug, Amevive, succeeded in clinical trials; will apply later this year for permission to sell drug in US and Europe (M)
While he said he did not think that he had done anything wrong, he said he did not want General Electric to be dragged into a public fight because of his divorce.
Microsoft's focus on software features is an acknowledgment that MSN's previous strategy, based on deep discounts and expensive promotions, has failed to give it a stable customer base.
Even before Bradlees moved out three years ago, Vornado looked at various uses for the building -- which is in fact two structures joined as one, the first of concrete and the other on a steel framework.. At one point, the bond trader Cantor Fitzgerald, whose World Trade Center offices were destroyed in the September 2001 terrorist attacks, seriously considered rebuilding its headquarters there.
As stock analysts pored over Friday's filings in the government's proposal to split Microsoft in two, some marveled as much about what was missing as what was included.
That is not an option at Microsoft since Mr. Ballmer and Bill Gates, the co-founder and chairman, show no inclination to step aside anytime soon.
Less than a week after General Motors said it lost money in its North American automotive business for only the second time in the last decade, Ford said its pretax North American automotive losses increased to $481 million from $108 million in the quarter a year earlier.
Moreover, he ordered Microsoft to pay Eolas more than $45 million in ''prejudgment interest'' while it prepares to appeal the ruling.
But the kind of minority stake Google and Comcast may be negotiating would have a lower value because it would involve only AOL's Web portal and content, and not its highly profitable but declining Internet dial-up business.
Sears, which sold Nike shoes primarily aimed at women and children, will suffer the loss of the swoosh more than Nike will miss the department store, said John J. Shanley, senior athletic and footwear industry analyst at the Susquehanna Investment Group.
But 16 deals for larger blocks were also done; the biggest among them was Home Depot's lease for 108,000 square feet at 28-40 West 23rd Street.
Each year that Mr. Seidenberg has been Verizon's chief executive, a shareholder proposal has appeared on the company's proxy that is critical of its executive pay.
To Mr. Bolduc, the union's Quebec director, suggestions that Jonquire is unprofitable and may be closed are just a tactic to frighten employees at other Wal-Mart stores away from the union.
But as the economy improves and travel picks up, airlines and hotels are constantly pressing to cut the fees they pay to Expedia.
Amazon works with four other agencies that are not being considered in the review because, Ms. Roberts said, ''they are not positioned to accomplish the objectives we've set out.''
Documents filed in connection with class-action lawsuit arising from collapse of WorldCom reveal that J P Morgan, Deutsche Bank and Bank of America expressed misgivings about WorldCom's financial soundness in early 2001 just months before they helped company sell $12 billion in debt -- misgivings that were not disclosed to investors who bought debt; WorldCom bonds recently traded at about $350, down from offering price of $1,000; it is up to courts to decide whether signs of company's deteriorating financial condition should have been disclosed to investors; banks all ended up losing money they lent to WorldCom after it sought bankruptcy protection (M)
Yahoo is betting it can fight back because about three-quarters of Google's users visit Yahoo in a given month, Mr. Weiner said.
Mr. Odeen wrote in a letter to Northrop: ''The board views Northrop Grumman's proposal as an opportunistic attempt to acquire one of the industry's leading space and electronics and systems businesses at a time when TRW's stock price was temporarily depressed after the sudden departure of David Cote, our former chairman, president and chief executive officer.''
Time Warner, the executives said, still has some way to go digging into MGM's records, though it, too, is familiar with MGM, having held talks with it last year that were abandoned.
Wal-Mart is also experiencing a cyclical problem.
Though Wall Street generally breathed a sigh of relief that Comcast would not pursue a deal that Disney had aggressively rejected and that never won investor support, several analysts said the failed effort had somewhat damaged Comcast's image.
Time Warner has been resolutely silent on the dispute between AT&T and Frontier, primarily because the company does not intend to be a reseller but to  upgrade its own cable network to function as a full-fledged second local telephone network.
A former Finance Minister, Domingo Cavallo, bolstered that theory when he testified recently before a federal judge investigating the case that the President's chief of staff, Alberto Kohan, had pushed hard for the $250 million contract to go to I.B.M.
After Wal-Mart fired Ms. Roehm, it also fired Draft FCB, the Interpublic Group agency she had selected for the most important part of the assignment.
John C. Malone, the cable television magnate who is one of AT&T's largest individual shareholders, resigned yesterday from the company's board earlier than planned after he was excluded from talks related to Comcast's offer to buy AT&T's cable systems.
The troubled Gap division of Gap Inc. is changing its spring advertising plans.
The European Commission's statement of objections, issued in August, also contended that Microsoft had illegally bundled its media-playing software with Windows to undermine competition in the fast-growing new market for online music and video software.
Merck's forecast weighed on other drug makers and helped to drag some major indexes lower.
In documents filed late yesterday, the lawyers for four black employees of the Coca-Cola Company, who have filed a lawsuit accusing the company of discriminating against blacks in pay, promotions and performance evaluations, said they had evidence that Coca-Cola executives were shredding documents that might be relevant to the case.
Jeffery Christian, the headhunter with Christian & Timbers, said Yahoo would have a hard time recruiting a name-brand executive with widespread recognition, given its current condition.
In a tacit acknowledgment that it was charging too much, A.T.& T. said yesterday that it planned to cut the price of its Videophone 2500 by a third, to $1,000, and would send $500 rebates to customers who had already bought the phone.
But Mr. Allen's pay package, which is included in a proxy statement that AT&T sent to shareholders on Monday, is likely to antagonize many workers and increase bad publicity that has already infuriated the usually unflappable chief executive.
JP Morgan Chase agrees to pay $2 billion to settle investors' claims that it did not conduct adequate investigation into WorldCom Inc's financial condition before selling billions of dollars in WorldCom bonds to public year before company filed for bankruptcy; bank reaches its settlement with Alan G Hevesi, comptroller of New York and trustee of New York State Common Retirement Fund, lead plaintiff representing investors who lost money when WorldCom collapsed in 2002; $2 billion J P Morgan agrees to pay amounts to 45 percent premium to settlement formula used by Citigroup when it settled last year; Morgan had rejected that deal; total amount recovered in suit will exceed $6 billion, if court approves settlement; defendants remaining in case include Arthur Andersen, WorldCom's auditor, and 12 former WorldCom directors; jury selection is postopned until Mar 24; photo (M)
Last year, Wal-Mart tried to buy the British supermarket chain Safeway, but was rebuffed by regulators who argued that the company already controlled enough of the market.
Media are nervously assessing how much they may suffer as result of labor problems hampering operations at General Motors Corp; GM is nation's largest advertiser, having spent $2.2 billion last year on sales pitches (M)
Medinolhas cast Boston Scientific as a Goliath that undermined their marketing partnership so that it could grab control of Medinol's stent designs.
''You could take the management of US Airways and put them in Dallas at Southwest Airlines for two years, and they'd wreck Southwest,'' he said.
Verizon officials say that with company health costs rising by 12 percent a year, it is time for union members to pay more than the 5 percent of the health costs they now shoulder.
The court decision did find, in a couple of respects, that the way Microsoft integrated its browser with Windows was illegal.
And next month, it will flesh the line out, with some products aimed at the highest end of the copier market and others aimed at small businesses and telecommuters -- an exploding market known by the hip acronym SOHO, for small office/home office, a market that Xerox has virtually ignored until now.
Besides, predicted Mr. Haverty, who favors a deal with the News Corporation, Hughes would find it increasingly difficult to borrow the money for such a leveraged spinoff in the current environment.
Thousands of telecommunications workers form picket lines at Verizon's facilities along East coast as negotiators press efforts to end strike by 86,000 members of Communications Workers of America and International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers; strike has disrupted operator-assisted services, repairs and installations for 25 million residential customers from Maine to Virginia; job action, over issues including outsourcing of work and unionization of workers in wireless industry, may help define role of organized labor in some of most rapidly growing high-tech industries; company has limited its impact by deploying about 30,000 managers to cover tasks normally performed by striking employees; photo; charts; maps (M)
Amazon's price-cutting comes during a rather auspicious time for its No.
Nike will focus on the soccer and women's sports markets while making cuts in its budget.
Although the company's per-share earnings were a factor in determining the size of his bonus, FirstEnergy will not reclaim any of his pay because its earnings are being restated lower, a spokeswoman, Kristen Baird, said.
Critics of Wal-Mart say that wages in its stores are so low that many employees are eligible for food stamps and that lack of medical benefits leaves them dependent on taxpayer-financed medical services, which amounts to a large hidden subsidy.
Interpublic also cautioned last week that it might have to restate results from 1996 to 2001 because of problems related to the improper consolidation of results of hundreds of agencies acquired in those years.
AT&T Corp reports first-quarter loss of $366 million in contrast to earnings of $1.74 billion year earlier, meeting analysts' expectations; revenue was $16.76 billion, up 5.4 percent from year earlier (M)
Citigroup could be stuck paying $10 billion of the amount, given the volume of business it did with those companies, Mr. Mayo said.
ConAgra shares many of the problems of other packaged-food companies, including Kraft Foods, Unilever and General Mills.
and Motorola, which joined with Apple in 1991 to develop the Power PC, cited poor sales of Windows NT for Power PC's as the reason behind the decision, even though Windows NT, which was designed by the Microsoft Corporation to run on a variety of chips, is being adopted by many companies for use with Intel chips.
Carnival responded in February with the hostile bid that the commission is expected to approve on Wednesday; Royal Caribbean's offer remains pending.
''In the day, you'd hear that Microsoft was the evil empire, especially in Silicon Valley,'' said Brian Lent, the president of Medio Systems, a start-up in Seattle working on mobile-phone-based search.
Mr. Ernst may have died so quickly that his heart muscle did not show the classic damage of a heart attack, Dr. Araneta said in her deposition -- an interview given under oath, and conducted by lawyers for Merck.
Verizon Wireless, a joint venture of Verizon Communications and Vodafone, says its service allows customers to receive information at 300 to 500 kilobytes per second, though rates for sending information are significantly lower.
Cingular, which uses a different third-generation technology called Universal Mobile Telecommunications System, charges essentially the same as Verizon for its data plans, which are now available in Dallas, Detroit, Phoenix, San Diego, San Francisco and Seattle.
Morgan Stanley said it discharged Mr. Curry because he abused his expense account, that charges of racial discrimination in the lawsuit are without merit, and that the firm will defend itself vigorously.
Merck's stock price has fallen roughly 28 percent over the last year as the company surprised analysts twice with news that sales would be lower than expected.
''This attitude of Merck -- that we're going to try every case -- will destroy the company,'' Mr. Lanier said.
The $615 million penalty, one of the largest ever faced by a military contractor, resolves potential civil and criminal charges against Boeing.
For the last two seasons Signature charged $15 for every seat through a deal with Time Warner, the lead sponsor of the ticket initiative.
Last month, the coalition filed lawsuits against Bristol-Myers Squibb, charging that its efforts to keep generic companies from making a lower-price version of BuSpar were illegal.
General Motors Corp's chief financial officer John M Devine says company will recall all Saturn Vue sport utility vehicles it has made since their introduction in 2001 to correct problems with suspensions that surfaced in federal rollover tests; also says GM, concerned about probable change in accounting rules, will pay holders of special type of convertible bond in cash instead of stock when they come due; strategy would avoid dilution of GM's shares, and reduction of its per-share earnings, that would occur under accounting change; photo (M)
During that walkout, the union paid out only $17.6 million in strike benefits, compared with Boeing's normal payroll of $325 million during the same period.
For months, Microsoft has replied that despite the fact that more than 90 percent of new personal computers sold use its Windows operating system, the company is not a monopoly because technology is changing rapidly, posing an ever-present threat to its dominance.
''It is going to be tough to legislate Wal-Mart out of a community,'' Mr. Scott said at the close of a two-day media conference here, just a few miles from the company's headquarters in Bentonville, in northwest Arkansas.
Today's updated statement of objections to Microsoft -- which does not add any new accusations -- comes after the commission sought new information in the case earlier this year.
Brian J. Brooks, who joined the Interpublic Group of Companies, New York, in November 2002 as chief human resources officer, will leave that post to become a consultant, working exclusively with Interpublic for at least two years in recruiting executives for the marketing communications industry.
In response, Apple called the lawsuit ''silly'' and noted publicly that several companies besides Cisco were using the iPhone name.
But as part of the settlement, the distributor, B. K. Miller of Clinton, Md., ''has sold its Coca-Cola assets to Coca-Cola Enterprises and will no longer be handling products of the Coca-Cola Company,'' she said.
The suit says I.B.M., Hewlett-Packard, Dell and Sony are some of the companies that have been subject to Intel's illegal business practices.
On Wednesday, Nike announced disappointing third-quarter earnings, though its stock rose $1.625, to $46.50, because the results were not as bad as had been forecast.
Apple Computer Inc. shifted its top management today but failed to announce its much-anticipated reorganization, as company officials conceded that they were still not ready to say if they would lay off more workers or sell any units.
The Ford Motor Company struggled today to keep a serious industrial accident that paralyzed its River Rouge manufacturing complex from causing shutdowns at other factories across North America.
General Motors will refrain from forced layoffs and plant shutdowns at its money-losing European operations, according to Klaus Franz, G.M.
Boeing, which is based in Chicago, filed a complaint last month with the World Trade Organization, and Airbus promptly countersued.
Omnicom Group, the world's No.
After two years of earnings shortfalls and market share losses tied to its line of wireless telephones, Motorola has been on an aggressive path to new wireless ventures.
And despite standing astride the world's biggest PC maker, it would be only human if Mr. Dell envied the media spotlight that has been trained on Mr. Jobs since he reclaimed the leadership at Apple four years ago, after having been forced out in a showdown with John Sculley a decade earlier.
The court rejected Intel's argument that the messages represented illegal trespassing to its computer systems.
-- that ''The fact that the Brazilian bailout also gave a big boost to Citigroup and FleetBoston, which combined had close to $20 billion at risk in Brazil, will hardly go unnoticed when it comes time to raise campaign funds among the Wall Street elite.''
The counter-revolutionaries, he argues, are Microsoft, which he sees as intent on thwarting Java to protect its software hegemony, and the F.C.C., whose policies he derides for stifling technological innovation.
Microsoft's push into cable is causing alarm among its competitors, who fear that the software giant is intent on translating its dominance of the PC world into a similar position in digital television and the Internet.
The executive who spearheaded the News Corporation's troubled efforts to start a satellite service that could deliver both local and national television programming resigned late yesterday.
But Verizon executives said yesterday that they had been caught in a procedural trap; they said the commission's prime concern was that other companies had not had enough time to comment on Verizon's additional information.
Correction: Feb 10 article on PeopleSoft's rejection of Oracle takeover bid misstated name of consulting firm
Industry executives and analysts say Microsoft is being hampered by its continued PC-centric view of the world, as well as by persistent fear that the company will try to dominate the software portion of the wireless communications industry.
Mr. Crawford said Morgan Stanley held the line without increasing the amount of restricted stock or options that employees received as part of their pay packages.
Wal-Mart says it cannot comment on the specifics of the litigation but continues to review its employment practices.
MEDIA: Addenda; An Interpublic Executive Takes His Dispute Public
But ad executives uninvolved with the campaign said it was the largest ruckus they had ever seen from a guerrilla marketing stunt, and Turner Broadcasting, a unit of Time Warner, scrambled to apologize.
Current Chrysler ads, by BBDO, a division of the Omnicom Group, offer no hint for the average car buyer that Chrysler is anything but the American-owned icon it was until 1998.
Scott Sassa, executive who led Turner Broadcasting System's aggressive expansion in entertainment industry, has reportedly decided to resign when expected merger with Time Warner Inc is completed next month; Sassa said to be dissatisfied with positions available to him in merged company, and with fact that he would no longer be reporting directly to Ted Turner (M)
The shift is a disappointment for Microsoft.
Gap is calling its new approach Keep It Simple, but the company's problems are anything but.
But some analysts feel that Bank of America went further, misleading them.
Mr. Dauman and Mr. Dooley took over at Viacom after Sumner M. Redstone, the company's 83-year-old chairman, forced out Tom E. Freston as chief executive on Monday.
The USA cable network abruptly canceled production of a television movie that was to be based on two 1986 deaths caused by Excedrin laced with cyanide after the network received complaints from Johnson & Johnson.
Boeing Official Defends Reports Discounting Peril After Liftoff
Private banks cater to wealthy individuals, and Citigroup had dominated this lucrative market in Japan until the scandal.
Executives at General Mills could not be reached for comment.
Saying it is reacting to concerns about commercialism in schools and the nutritional damage caused by soft drinks, the Coca-Cola Company will announce today that it is scaling back its aggressive marketing strategy in schools.
Although a continuing federal review increases PeopleSoft's chances of defending itself against an Oracle takeover, it could also mean a longer period of uncertainty for its customers.
Wal-Mart, in a separate legal complaint with a former Coughlin subordinate, called the union project a ''complete fabrication.''
In the suit, which was filed in a state district court in Idaho, the Washington Group said Raytheon had failed to comply with the terms of the sale, including the appointment of an independent accounting firm and an audit of the unit's financial statements.
Advanced Micro Devices' plan to pay $5.4 billion for graphics chip maker ATI Technologies gets negative reaction from investors and some Wall Street analysts, though analysts say purchase would help AMD compete against its rival Intel; AMD chief executive Hector Ruiz defends deal; photo (M)
Interpublic fought hard to keep Bank of America, which is one of its largest clients along with General Motors, Intel, Microsoft, Nestl and Unilever.
Mr. Lanier finished the trial last Wednesday by asking jurors to punish Merck with a large award for punitive damages that would encourage the entire drug industry to be more honest about drug risks.
''VeriSign has always taken its responsibilities under the law seriously and will of course cooperate fully with the F.T.C.''
''The tragic and senseless events of Sept. 11 exacerbated an already weakening advertising environment, not only in the U.S., but in the U.K. and Australia as well,'' Rupert Murdoch, the chairman of the News Corporation, said in a statement.
that has been promoted by the Ford Motor Company, Volvo's parent, for its aggressive use of rollover-prevention technology, also received four stars, not the government's highest rating of five stars -- a result that disappointed the company.
In a separate development, Intel is expected to cut prices on some of its higher-end processors in July to make room for new power-saving chip technology expected in the second half of the year.
Merck has denied the accusations and noted that it had not received a formal complaint from government lawyers.
On another front, Microsoft is being challenged by an array of open-source programs -- starting with Linux but expanding to other arenas -- that are being developed by a loosely organized group of software programmers and distributed at little or no cost.
The purchase of Northrop by Lockheed Martin, already the largest military supplier, would leave an industry dominated by itself, Boeing and Raytheon.
Mr. Keogh, whose company is a subsidiary of the American International Group, one of the largest underwriters of corporate liability insurance, added, ''It's dysfunctional to have a product where all the responsibility is on the insurer financially, and none of it on the insured.''
For the quarter ended Feb. 26, Micron reported a net loss of $48.1 million, compared with earnings of $142.7 million, or 67 cents a share on a fully diluted basis, for the corresponding period a year ago.
''As a whole, Microsoft has engaged in a catalog of anticompetitive acts eerily familiar to the actions Microsoft took to stamp out the nascent threats of Navigator and Java,'' lawyers for the dissenting states argue in a court filing.
Even the torcetrapib program is controversial, though, because Pfizer has said that at least initially it plans to sell the drug only in combination with Lipitor, Pfizer's medicine that lowers so-called bad cholesterol.
But the judge presiding over the case refused to issue an injunction that would have barred eBay from continuing to use the patented methods in its Web operations.
The services will go into limited testing later this year; Microsoft would not give details on general availability or pricing.
But Intel also employs hundreds of software engineers, mainly at its Intel Architecture Labs in Hillsboro, Ore. And while Intel and Microsoft are partners, they have also had their conflicts, typically over the direction and pace at which certain innovations should be introduced into the personal computer industry, which they dominate together.
The online retailer Amazon.com has introduced a feature that lets users search for specific words or phrases in a database of the texts of 120,000 books, drawing skepticism from an authors' group.
The General Motors Corporation said today that its sales last month dropped 7.9 percent from the strong levels of a year ago, partly because of weak demand for large sedans and luxury cars, and partly because dealers did not have an adequate supply of trucks to sell.
Price cuts on the Pentium 4 line, which Intel designed as a replacement for Pentium III, were slimmer, falling between 1 percent and 4 percent.
Pfizer is ''really between a rock and a hard place,'' said Mr. Putzier, the consultant.
Two years later, Marlin Eller, a former Microsoft programmer who was part of the PenWindows project, wrote in ''Barbarians Led by Bill Gates'' (Owl Books) that the intent of the PenWindows project had been primarily to undermine Go.
P & O forced Carnival's latest offer by saying any new bid would have to be made by Friday to give shareholders time to weigh it before Feb. 14.
Staff lawyers at Justice Department are recommending that agency seek to block Oracle Corp's $9.4 billion hostile takeover of PeopleSoft Inc on grounds that deal would be anticompetitive (M)
Bristol-Myers Squibb, the pharmaceutical company, is in talks with several suitors to sell its Excedrin line of pain relievers and other over-the-counter drugs for as much as $1 billion, executives close to the negotiations said yesterday.
Already the leading satellite television carrier in Britain and Asia, the News Corporation tried and failed last year to acquire the parent company of DirecTV, the No.
The executive, Brad Chase, quickly added that he believed America Online would abandon Microsoft soon enough, dealing a serious blow to Microsoft's effort to make its browser, Internet Explorer, the industry standard.
Programmers at Microsoft and Netscape were scrambling last night to devise solutions to the flaw, which could allow rogue programmers to  damage or steal data from a user's computer by sending a seemingly normal E-mail message.
Based primarily on the outlook for its three biggest businesses -- cardiac rhythm management implants, spinal devices and implants to treat chronic pain and nerve diseases -- Medtronic forecast yesterday that it could keep up the pace into 2008.
A.T.& T. is likely to borrow most of the funds pay for buying the debentures.
''Now the first thing is quality,'' he said, adding that his second priority is building partnerships for the Windows Mobile business, which has so far failed to replicate Microsoft's impact in the desktop computer world.
Although the company's brief said that ''no one is more anxious than Microsoft to see this case brought to a prompt conclusion,'' it went on to explain why it thought its case was different from the AT&T case.
The problem comes when a single company like Microsoft so completely controls a standard.
''Peter Rost filed his whistle-blower lawsuit after Pfizer brought the matter to the government,'' Mr. Fitzhenry said.
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter misses earnings forecasts in its fiscal third quarter; company earned $1.25 billion on revenue of $6.3 billion for three months ended Aug 31; net income for period rose 28 percent from third quarter a year ago; Dean Witter stock falls $6.50, or 6.8 percent, to $89.44 (M)
Barrage of lawsuits is filed against mutual funds, contending that they did not claim money due their investors from settlements of securities class-action lawsuits; complaints name more than 40 fund managers, including Merrill Lynch, Vanguard, Wells Fargo, Janus and Dreyfus, accusing them of violating their fiduciary duty to investors by failing to file claims for money from settlements of shareholder lawsuits (M)
THE MEDIA BUSINESS: ADVERTISING  Correction:  February 6, 2003, Thursday  The Advertising column in Business Day yesterday about financial problems at the Interpublic Group of Companies misattributed an opinion about four bids that have been made for Interpublic's NFO WorldGroup division.
Nonetheless, Apple's shift in strategy has angered the clone makers.
And some other lawyers who are expert in antitrust law said Intel's argument seemed based more on  business and public relations principles rather than a persuasive argument in an antitrust case.
Still, Mr. Crawford said, high-yield-bond underwriting, where the firm had lost a significant share of the market, was the only really disappointing area of Morgan Stanley's investment banking business.
In a letter sent to Exxon Mobil this month, the Royal Society said it was ''very difficult to reconcile the misrepresentations of climate change science in these documents with Exxon Mobil's claims to be an industry leader.''
Yahoo's share price was $148 three weeks ago, but has fallen steadily.
A Canadian company, KSR International, under contract to General Motors, solved the problem by mounting an electronic sensor at the pedal's fixed pivot point in order to communicate the necessary information.
Chevron reported that the test on the Jack No.
In a statement issued yesterday, Merck said that even after the company had developed the trial's protocol ''we continued to ask ourselves and our consultants whether this was the right study to definitively answer'' the question of whether Vioxx posed cardiovascular risks.
Share of US auto market held by General Motors, Ford and Chrysler falls to 52.2 percent in October, lowest point ever, brought down by high gasoline prices, fears about economy and consumer resistance to buying cars without big discounts companies offered in summer; GM and Ford are hurt most, with GM sales dropping 25.6 percent compared with year earlier and Ford sales down 26.1 percent; sales of some of largest SUV's fall by half or more; Toyota's overall sales rise 1.3 percent, coming within just one market share point of No.
By acquiring Heritage, the News Corporation would be reducing competition in the store-coupon business, but an executive with Mr. Murdoch's company said he expected no Government antitrust problems because the advertising market in general is so broad and competitive.
Microsoft and Yahoo are desperately trying to close the gap with Google, the Internet search and ad sales titan.
Whatever the magnitude of the cuts, the layoffs highlight recent problems that Procter has faced with declining sales volume, rising raw material costs and pricing.
Google submitted testimony from Mark Lucovsky, a former high-ranking engineer at Microsoft, who said that when he told Microsoft's chief executive, Steven A. Ballmer, of his own plans to join Google, Mr. Ballmer threw a chair across the room and threatened to ''kill'' Google.
Any restatement or sanction could increase Time Warner's vulnerability to lawsuits from shareholders angry over the company's failure to live up to its promises after the merger.
A proposal to directly examine Vioxx's cardiovascular risks by testing it in patients with acute coronary syndrome was first made in mid-2001 to Merck officials by cardiologists from the Cleveland Clinic.
In particular, Wal-Mart's experience in Germany, where it lost hundreds of millions of dollars since 1998, has become a sort of template for how not to expand into a country.
The lawsuit said that Dr. Juan Walterspiel, a Pfizer infectious disease specialist assigned to the Trovan test, repeatedly told Pfizer management that the company was violating international law, federal regulations and medical ethics standards.
David Boies, the lead Government attorney, first used Mr. Rose to bolster the Government's assertion that Microsoft is a legal monopoly under antitrust law -- a finding that must be made if most of the Government's other charges are to stick.
Before the punitive damages phase of the case began, Merck tried to prevent Mr. Lanier from taking part.
RealNetworks vice president David Richards accuses Microsoft Corp of withholding information that would have allowed RealNetworks' video and audio software to work as well with Microsoft's operating system as rival software made by Microsoft does, hearing to determine what penalties Microsoft will face for violating federal antitrust laws; Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly strikes from record portions of Richards's testimony in which he said pressure from Microsoft had led IBM and Compaq Computer to give RealNetworks less favorable contract terms; she also casts some doubt on relevance of his complaints about Microsoft's delay in disclosing technical information (M)
Judy G. Tenzer, an American Express spokeswoman, denied yesterday that the company took action for the sake of public relations, but did not elaborate.
Early on, Mr. Jobs defined the Macintosh as an all-in-one appliance, but he was forced to leave Apple just a year later after losing a management battle with the chief executive then, John Sculley.
Two years ago, Sun settled antitrust and patent lawsuits against Microsoft for $1.6 billion, after trying for years to get access to its underlying technology.
The Microsoft Corporation plans to announce new capabilities Wednesday for its version of the Java programming language that are certain to deepen a bitter rift with Sun Microsystems Inc., Java's inventor.
In a two-page ruling, the state district court judge, Ben Hardin, ruled against a request from Merck that the coroner, Dr. Maria Araneta, be prevented from testifying in the case, the first Vioxx-related personal injury lawsuit to reach trial.
They also assert that Microsoft attempted, albeit unsuccessfully to date, to monopolize the Web browser market, likewise in violation of Section 2.
CNN and AT&T Strike an On-Line Deal
The suggestions by Henry M. Paulson Jr., the chief executive of Goldman Sachs, are noteworthy because they are constructive and because they will be unwelcome in many boardrooms.
Johnson & Johnson, of New Brunswick, N.J., lost 64 cents, closing at $101.37.
And it has asked Roderick Hills, the head of Waste Management's audit committee, to investigate the allegations of insider trading.
But Microsoft would not stand for that -- and Compaq had no choice but to give in.
Microsoft's software is designed for quick and dirty writing -- jotting down a note or briefly annotating text.
Jennifer Black, one of country's most outspoken retail analysts, leaves Wells Fargo Securities to open her own firm Jennifer Black & Associates; predicts more analysts will be leaving their firms to avoid day-to-day pressures of issuing earnings reports, and increasing scrutiny of relationships between analysts and companies they work for (S)
The shareholder rights plan, or poison pill, was put in place for a period of one year last November, but was extended by the News Corporation's board for two more years.
The suit centers on one of the most essential pieces of equipment in A.T.& T.'s network, the No.
''There will be some confusion on the Microsoft campus for quite a while,'' said Kelly Jo MacArthur, senior vice president and general counsel for the Seattle-based Real Networks, which makes audio and video software for the Internet.
Christian Curry can seem alternately as the victim and rogue in his fight with Morgan Stanley Dean Witter, which dismissed him as analyst in its real estate finance department days after his picture appeared in gay pornographic magazine; Curry, whose parents are wealthy and socially prominent and gave him the best education, claims he was duped into an attempt to plant E-mail in Morgan Stanley computer system to buttress a discrimination suit against Morgan Stanley; admits that he is 'not Jesus,' but says Morgan Stanley not only tolerates virulent strain of racism and homophobia but also has no qualms about trying to destroy the life of an employee who fails to fit it; Morgan Stanley, under investigation itself paying $10,000 to an informant as part of the sting operation against Curry, insists that Curry was dismissed for expense account abuses; photos (L)
On the matter of a lawsuit brought by Ronald O. Perelman over Morgan Stanley's role in the collapse of Sunbeam, it asked whether the case could have been settled for far less than the $360 million that Morgan Stanley has already put aside.
There is still the residue of scandal to be dealt with; the last two Boeing chiefs were forced out.
Carnival plans to argue that regulators should view the deal within the broader vacation market rather than within the narrower cruise market, but that is unlikely, antitrust lawyers said.
Analysts criticized the lack of financial data to back up Greenhill & Company's assertion in the affidavit that ''there will not be a material decrease in the market value of the current Microsoft shareholders' holdings.''
Some restaurant analsysts say McDonald's Corp is going to be forced to deal with who is heir apparent after chief executive Charles H Bell underwent successful surgery for colorectal cancer; Bell was appointed chief executive when James R Cantalupo died of heart attack on April 19; photo (M)
The Government charges that Microsoft's restrictive contracts with these companies are anticompetitive and illegal.
Comcast wants to sell its stake, and without a public offering Time Warner needs to find some other way to pay Comcast.
Federal crash records show that through the end of last year, there were only three tire-related deaths in 1996 and 1997 Ford Explorers equipped at the factory with Goodyear tires, compared with 26 such deaths involving Explorers from those two model years equipped with Firestone tires.
Verizon Communications is expected to write down up to $700 million of its $1.7 billion investment in struggling Metromedia Fiber, which builds fiber optic networks in metropolitan areas; move reflects capacity glut on fiber optic networks (M)
And AOL Time Warner, not surprisingly, was not much impressed with Microsoft's announcement yesterday.
To lead the study, Pfizer has turned to an early critic of the cox-2 painkillers, Dr. Steven E. Nissen, a cardiologist at the Cleveland Clinic.
Setting aside what it said in April were ''serious concerns'' about a proposed merger of cruise lines, the European Commission will probably approve the Carnival Corporation's $5.5 billion bid to acquire P&O Princess Cruises on Wednesday and impose few if any conditions, people close to the commission said today.
And corporate technology officers are concerned about the cost of upgrading tens of thousands of PC's every couple of years to new versions of Microsoft software and about the security flaws in Microsoft products that have been exploited regularly by digital vandals writing viruses and worms.
Johnson & Johnson sent the group a confidential report conceding that placebo-controlled studies, many of them never published by the company, failed to show it was effective in treating children for reflux disease.
Under the plan announced today, the state and federal governments must submit their remedy proposal to the judge no later than April 28, and Microsoft is to offer its reply on May 10.
That rivalry, of course, did not prevent Time Warner from forming a joint venture with AT&T to offer local phone service, but in an interview, Brian L. Roberts, Comcast's president, said that the Road Runner-At Home question was ''the only thing that's not perfectly clean.''
In Argentine Bribery Scandal, an Ex-Executive of I.B.M.
He also predicted that demand for Boeing's passenger jets would remain flat in 2001 rather than decline from next year's projected level, as the company had previously estimated.
Skittish investors sent shares of Waste Management Inc., the nation's largest trash hauler, into free fall yesterday, a day after the company warned analysts that revenue and earnings for the second quarter were much lower than anyone had expected.
In the trial, the Government will contend that Microsoft presented Netscape with an all-or-nothing offer, according to people who have been questioned in the Federal investigation.
Merck, which was not named as a defendant in the complaint yesterday, has agreed to a $42.5 million settlement in a separate civil lawsuit in Federal District Court in White Plains that raises similar issues about Medco.
The approval represents a potential threat to Johnson & Johnson, which now sells Epogen by the name Procrit under an Amgen license.
A little more than a year ago, the judge in the French case, Licra v. Yahoo, shook the mahogany desks of lawyers around the world when he reaffirmed an earlier ruling that Yahoo, based in Santa Clara, Calif., had violated French law by allowing French citizens to view auction sites displaying Nazi memorabilia.
Intel and the Threat of Low-Cost Chips
Oxford Health Plans and Aetna Inc report weak financial results for third quarter; Oxford lost $78 million compared with profit of $26.6 million in year-earlier period; revenue rose 31 percent, to $1.06 billion; Aetna, which has struggled to integrate US Healthcare business it bought last year, says net income dropped $4.6 million, to $117.8 million; charts (L)
The Oracle executives commented on the financial results of their fiscal first quarter, which ended Aug. 31, for the first time since releasing them with no explanation last Thursday.
Although Kodak expects to stop losing money in digital products this year, no one expects it to generate huge profits from them any time soon.
''I think Microsoft is ready to fight a major war in the private cases,'' he said.
That argument, however, parallels one that was rejected last week in the Federal Government's case against Microsoft.
Pfizer has said there is no credible evidence that Warner-Lambert's employees made false claims about Neurontin.
Lufthansa declined to say how much it would pay Boeing to outfit the planes.
Pfizer says it is cooperating with investigators and cannot comment in more detail because of the pending litigation.
Even though a part of Con Edison's customer base is open to competition, few companies have been aggressive in marketing because it is difficult to make a profit selling to small customers.
Today Microsoft called the government's accusations baseless and submitted an additional offer of proof.
His death, after a brief battle with cancer, was announced yesterday by Texas Instruments, the Dallas-based electronics company where he worked for a quarter-century.
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter and Equal Employment Opportunity Commission are given two weeks to resolve dispute over whether company must produce all information the Federal agency has subpoenaed in gender-discrimination case; suit stems from complaint by bond saleswoman Alison K Schieffelin, who says she was denied promotion to managing director because she is woman (S)
Among the clients of 10 Worldwide, with combined billings estimated at more than $350 million, are Deutsche Bank, the Fidelity Investments unit of FMR, Ford Motor, Hewlett-Packard, the Hoover unit of Maytag, Limited and Sony.
Cable operator Comcast Corp says it is in talks with Time Warner Inc to make joint bid for Adelphia Communications, bankrupt cable company; deal would make it possible for Comcast to exchange its 21 percent stake in Time Warner Cable for parts of Adelphia's networks in tax-efficient manner; chart of seven parcels Adelphia seeks to sell piecemeal or as single company; map (M)
U.S. JUDGE SAYS MICROSOFT VIOLATED ANTITRUST LAWS WITH PREDATORY BEHAVIOR
For example, the companies demanded that other companies not price high-speed access lower than AOL Time Warner's own service.
Moreover, Sony and Microsoft must also battle Nintendo, which is planning to bring its own new gaming system into the market this Christmas, while confronting the advent of new consumer technologies like personal video recorders that will compete for consumer dollars at the end of the year.
The vulnerable include many people who might not be aware they are running the software, including some users who run Microsoft's Windows 2000 or Windows NT operating systems and also have IIS Web server software on their machines, the program that is the worm's target.
For the full year 2005, Amazon executives said they expected revenue between $7.40 billion and $8.15 billion, lower than Thomson First Call's average estimate of $8.27 billion.
Antitrust experts say that the government accusation that is most vulnerable is the contention that Microsoft illegally tied its Internet browser to a separate product, its industry-standard Windows operating system.
The walkout by 86,000 workers of Verizon, the nation's largest telecommunications employer, has developed into one of the largest and most unruly strikes in years, raising questions about the company's preparation for the contract talks and its handling of the walkout.
Acclaim Entertainment Inc's new video game, Quarterback Club '98, has as its narrator Marv Albert, ex-sportscaster who pleaded guilty in September to assault charge in connection with sexual encounter; Acclaim is banking on Albert's reputation as great sportscaster to overcome bad publicity from his trial; Quarterback Club is outselling perennial leader in football video games, Electronic Arts game bearing likeness of John Madden; photo; chart (M)
Dan Wetzel, co-author of ''Sole Influence: Basketball, Corporate Greed, and the Corruption of America's Youth,'' a book published in 2000 that details the battles of sneaker companies over basketball players, said he believed Nike was the leader to sign Mayo.
The departing executive, D. Jeffrey Penney, worked in the equities division, the department run by John P. Havens, a longtime Morgan Stanley executive who resigned after a management shake-up by Mr. Purcell.
Questions about who knew what, and when, continue to dog Walt Disney Co, which discloses that its board had been advised of overture to enter merger talks with Comcast Corp ahead of $54 billion bid; Disney discloses its chief executive Michael D Eisner consulted directors before Feb 9 phone call he received from Comcast chief executive Brian L Roberts to enter merger discussions; new disclosure seems to contradict earlier impression that Eisner rebuffed Roberts' request for merger talks without talking to board (M)
When gossipy news about celebrities breaks, The New York Post and The Daily News tend to go at it and each other -- in much the way rivals like the Yankees and Red Sox turn each game into an epic battle.
Ford Motor Co announces sharp production cutbacks, including closing of 13 of its 18 North American factories during third week of January, and lowers its forecast of fourth-quarter earnings for second time in three weeks; General Motors Corp says 6 of its 25 North American assembly plants will be closed in first week of January ; Ford's factory closings will furlough 2,200 workers in first week, 5,000 in second week, 33,600 in third week and 4,600 in fourth week; United Automobile Workers union workers continue to receive 95 percent of their pay excluding overtime when factory is closed, with Ford topping up payments that workers receive from state unemployment programs (M)
In hindsight, Boeing may have made a mistake in 1993, when it decided to remodel the narrow-body 737 that was first introduced in the 1960's, rather than invest in an entirely new plane.
The commission has been investigating the treatment of women working in Morgan Stanley's investment bank for two years, since Allison K. Schieffelin, a former convertible bond sales representative, complained that she had been underpaid, excluded from outings with clients and denied a promotion because of her sex.
Wal-Mart recruits seasoned political operatives and media consultants to improve its image with reluctant consumers; is under fire from well-organized opponents who criticize its wages, health insurance and treatment of workers; at first mention of any criticism, war room inside headquarters of Wal-Mart swings into action with press releases, phone calls to reporters and instant Web postings; approach appears to reflect fear that Wal-Mart's critics are alienating very consumers it needs to keep growing, expecially middle-income Americans motivated not just by price, but by image; first big challenge of strategy comes Nov 1 with premier of Robert Greenwald's unflattering documentary, Wal-Mart: The High Cost of Low Price, that will be released in two dozen theaters; war room's counteroffensive has already begun; photo (M)
Companies that reduced the pay of their chief executives despite healthy performances included MetLife, American Express and the MBNA Corporation.
But Procter reaffirmed its earnings estimates, saying that higher sales from other products would offset any losses.
At the same time, the judge ruled that Microsoft's marketing arrangements with other companies to promote its Web browser at Netscape's expense did not have sufficient effect to violate the law.
Mr. Ernst's family is suing Merck in state district court in Brazoria County, Tex., contending that Vioxx caused his death.
In a broad attack on the witness, Richard L. Schmalensee, an economist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, David Boies, the Government's lead trial lawyer, produced evidence that a survey cited by Mr. Schmalensee in his testimony  actually appeared to be a publicity tool ginned up by Microsoft's chairman, William H. Gates.
Correction:  July 27, 2006, Thursday  Because of an editing error, the E-Commerce Report in Business Day on Monday about the addition of a grocery store category on Amazon.com misstated the number of product categories on the site.
The conditions highlight the hard-line approach taken by Mr. Purcell and Morgan Stanley in their battle with the eight retired executives, who for more than a month now have argued publicly that Mr. Purcell has mismanaged the company and must resign.
CVS, based in Woonsocket, R.I., will pay $2.15 billion for 1,260 stores, most of them in Texas and Florida, along with Eckerd's companies involved in pharmacy-benefits management and mail-order.
Adobe Systems Inc. warned today that its third-quarter revenue would fall below analysts' expectations, resulting in a potential loss.
Management was distracted for the first six months of the year by the completion of the merger of Bell Atlantic and GTE, which created the newly named Verizon.
They sold Intel and dozens of other technology companies on fears that an industrywide earnings slowdown loomed.
With Wal-Mart Stores under mounting pressure to spend more on employee health insurance, the company's chief executive on Sunday urged the nation's governors not to pass legislation that would burden the giant retailer, and pledged to work with the governors to move workers off state Medicaid rolls.
Raymond V. Gilmartin, the former chief executive of Merck, is scheduled to testify in the punitive damages trial.
If Comcast tried to buy Disney, that would propel it into a hostile battle and leave Comcast with the challenge of selling Disney's theme parks, the person said.
CAMPBELL SOUP CO., Camden, N.J., said Frank Weise, senior vice president, had resigned.
Procter's stock plummeted from the start, hitting a low of $94.8125 by mid-morning yesterday, down 8.2 percent from Friday's close and 19 percent since last week.
Most of Halliburton's asbestos-related troubles arise from its acquisition in 1998 of Dresser Industries for $7.7 billion.
Kohl's also does not engage in other common industry practices that are unpopular with apparel manufacturers such as taking unauthorized deductions on bills for merchandise and asking for money back when discounts get too steep, Mr. Flickinger said.
''In light of these charges,'' Mr. Donaldson continued, ''your reported comments evidence a troubling lack of contrition and lead me to wonder about Morgan Stanley's commitment'' to complying with the law.
Boeing Earnings News Disappoints Investors
The company argues that I.B.M., which is licensed by SCO to use its Unix operating system source code, improperly transferred some of that proprietary code into Linux.
Moreover, while Intel's public relations war with the Government has been at a lower decibel level than Microsoft's, its legal maneuvering has been just as bare knuckled.
Justice Department, in court document made public, charges top executives of Microsoft Corp, including its chairman, William H Gates, of 'an astonishing lack of recall' when they were questioned under oath for Government's antitrust suit against Microsoft; assertion, along with several pieces of new evidence to support Government's case, is submitted to Federal District Court, Washington, in response to Microsoft's request that case be dismissed; Microsoft spokesman says it is unfortunate that Government has 'resorted to this kind of name calling'; notes Gates receives hundreds of pieces of E-mail every day and cannot be expected to remember every one of them (M)
Judges on a federal appeals court pelted lawyers representing the Justice Department and 19 states with skeptical questions today about the decision last year that found Microsoft had repeatedly violated antitrust law.
Apple, no doubt, is also gleefully contemplating the reaction of the masses when they experience Mac OS X and Windows side by side, day in and day out.
The antitrust suit comes just a few months after the Fair Trade Commission in Japan ruled that Intel had stifled competition in that country by offering rebates to five computer companies, including Toshiba and Sony.
He also expects Intel to continue to cut its prices as it accelerates the transition from its Pentium 3 line for desktops to Pentium 4.
For the current quarter, Intel predicted sales of $6.4 billion to $7 billion, following the usual pattern of flat or slightly lower revenue from the fourth quarter to the first.
As evidence that the overall business was picking up, she said that demand for Mattel's Barbie dolls, Fisher Price products and its toy vehicles was such that the company could not fill $100 million in orders in the current quarter.
When Intergraph threatened to enforce those patents, the companies turned to Intel and asked to be indemnified.
Mr. Welch's plan to add Mr. Webb, who has handled some business issues for General Electric, signals that the divorce could turn even more acrimonious.
Apple Computer said today that its fourth-quarter earnings would fall far below analysts' estimates because of weak September sales, an announcement that sent the company's shares plunging in after-hours trading.
Nine companies, including Verizon Airfone, which pioneered pay phones in the air, are expected to enter bids for the two licenses available.
Merck's legal problems do not end there, for it has now lost two of the four Vioxx cases that have gone to trial.
It has been difficult to offset those problems in the developed world, in part because Motorola has fumbled the move from analog to digital wireless phone technology and the once-rapid growth of its domestic paging business has slowed.
Comcast, which controls most of the rights to programming from Philadelphia's sports teams, has used political influence and legal arguments to keep competitors at arm's length there, according to Jeff Chester of the Center for Digital Democracy in Washington.
Technology Briefing
Mr. Hastings announced that because of the anticipated entrance of Amazon in the market, he was slashing the basic subscription fee to $17.99 a month from $21.99, prompting eight of nine analysts who cover Netflix -- on a single day -- to downgrade the stock.
Canadian law enforcement officials arrest Montreal high school student in one of computer attacks that crippled some of Internet's biggest sites in February, exposing deep vulnerabilities in fledgling world of electronic commerce; 15-year-old suspect, whom authorities identify only by online nickname Mafiaboy, is accused of conducting attack against Cable News Networks's Web site; he is first to face charges in onslaught that hindered access to Web sites of Yahoo, eBay and E*Trade, among others, and forced hundreds of other big-name sites to shore up their defenses against invisible and farflung threats; Canadian suspect is not charged in those other attacks and authorities in Canada and US say their investigations are continuing; photo (M)
Technology, he said, was a big reason Exxon had some of the industry's lowest discovery costs.
Federal Trade Commission warns operators of several major Internet search engines to make it clearer to their users when companies have paid to be included in Web search results; responds to complaint filed year ago by Commercial Alert, anticommercialism group co-founded by Ralph Nader; says investigation has turned up some questionable practices; letters will go to AltaVista, AOL Time Warner, iWon.com, Looksmart, Microsoft, Terra Lycos and Direct Hit, part of Teoma (M)
Interpublic closed yesterday at $11.74, falling 87 cents, or 6.9 percent.
Yahoo's lawyers in France said they regretted the decision.
Industry executives familiar with VeriSign's business practices said the company was the victim of aggressive marketing practices organized by its registration division.
Comcast executives said they were not willing to lower prices to customers to compete with the phone companies because they would need to pick up 250,000 customers for every dollar reduction in price to compensate for the lost revenue.
At the time, Intel said it disagreed with the outcome but would not contest it.
New York office of the League of Women Voters, which was on verge of closing because of financial troubles, is back on its feet after influx of cash donations, with bulk coming from $25,000 grant from Con Edison (S)
Hadi Partovi, lead product manager for Microsoft Corp's Internet Explorer, is joining Silicon Valley software start-up Tellme Networks Inc founded by Partovi's former enemies from Netscape Communications, Michael McCue and Angus Davis, and backed by Netscape co-founder Jim Clark; move, uniting onetime adversaries, seems sure sign that browser war is over; photo (M)
Since he will be succeeded by A. Douglas Melamed, his chief lieutenant and right-hand man in the Microsoft matter and other major pending cases, officials said the resignation would have no impact on the direction of the antitrust division.
''It's the dream that refuses to die within Microsoft despite the billions invested,'' said Richard Doherty, president of Envisioneering, a technology research company.
After several years of lobbying by the Rainforest Action Network, Citigroup plans to announce on Thursday that it will no longer accept financing deals involving certain projects and corporations criticized by the group on environmental grounds.
Market Place column examines Northrop Grumman Corp's hostile $2.1 billion bid for Newport News Shipbuilding, trying to wrest company away from General Dynamics (M)
Before this judge, Microsoft ''may be trying for a modest defeat instead of a rout,'' said William Kovacic, a professor at the George Washington University law school.
''He is expected to 'ring fence' his assets so that he will have no influence on how they are managed,'' said Lucas van Praag, a Goldman Sachs spokesman.
Wal-Mart Stores, the world's largest retailer and a bellwether for the industry, reported its first decline in quarterly income in 10 years yesterday, blaming trouble in foreign markets for the financial slip.
But if courts began to accept it -- or if Congress made it the law of the land -- plaintiffs' lawyers would have the higher hurdle of arguing that Merck deceived the F.D.A.
Other analysts following Citigroup have been more cautious about estimating any legal damages or fines the bank may have to pay.
The Justice Department filed suit today to block the Lockheed Martin Corporation's planned acquisition of the Northrop Grumman Corporation, contending that a combination of these two leading military contractors posed a threat to the nation's defense.
In a conference call with analysts, Mr. Anderson said Apple was being hit hardest in the education sector, where state and local governments are cutting school budgets sharply.
QueRico.com, Chicago, a Web site that offers ethnic products to Spanish-speaking consumers that is a division of EthnicGrocer.com, to HispanAmerica, New York, part of the Rapp Collins Worldwide division of the Omnicom Group, to handle its online and offline account; offline duties had been at the San Jose Group, Chicago.
Indeed, Mr. Auletta portrayed Mr. Gates, the chairman of Microsoft, more as an angry adolescent than the billionaire defendant in one of the century's most important lawsuits -- a characterization Mr. Auletta later put forth in television and radio interviews as well as in his opus in The New Yorker.
CBS Radio files suit charging Howard Stern used his last months on air to build up his future employer, Sirius Satellite Radio, and gained financial advantages through stock sale at expense of CBS; Sterm accuses CBS of trying to threaten and bully him and denounces legal action as personal vendetta intended to distract media from bad financial results at CBS-owned radio stations; photo (M)
Hynix Semiconductor yields to government pressure and agrees to break up company after rejecting deal for Micron Technology to take over its memory-chip plants; Hynix directors endorse proposal to break off units that make products other than memory chips and sell them separately from rest of company (S)
The lawsuit also accused AT&T of hampering Bell Atlantic's Caller ID, a system that lets people know who is calling.
Shareholders meeting of Companhia Energetica de Minas Gerais is postponed for one week after two of Brazilian power company's shareholders, Southern Co and AES Corp, boycott event; American companies are hoping to prevent vote confirming earlier decision curtailing their management capacities; legal battle is under way between companies and Itamar Franco, Governor of Minas Gerais state, because Franco moved to annul effects of 1997 transaction allowing them to manage company (S)
Microsoft, by contrast, has suffered no reverses in court that would establish any liability for flawed software.
But Linux advocates say that the full complement of Microsoft desktop software has far more features, and is far more costly, than most workers at many companies really need.
Morgan Stanley suffers another legal setback as Florida jury orders it to pay $850 million in punitive damages to financier Ronald O Perelman, who contended that he was defrauded by investment bank in 1998 deal; decision brings to $1.45 billion the sum owed to Perelman and casts more unflatternig light on Morgan Stanley's reputation at time that it is fighting punishing campaign by eight retired executives who are calling for ouster of Philip J Purcell, its chief executive; Purcell says Morgan Stanley will appeal; photos of Perelman and Purcell (M)
It is Citigroup's first deal since the Federal Reserve lifted its ban on acquisitions this spring, and Charles O.
Mr. Kumar added, however, that it was possible Intel could recover fairly quickly from the inventory problem.
What is worrisome for many in this fledgling industry is that WebTV's adoptive parent, Microsoft, has the largest wingspan and sharpest claws in the ecosystem.
Mr. Otellini said Intel expects no shortages of D-RAM's as it increases production of the Pentium 4.
Over all, AT&T said, Lucent and the other "discontinued" companies had an $81 million loss in the first quarter.
Alexia S. Quadrani, the analyst who follows Interpublic for Bear Stearns, wrote in a research note yesterday that the immediate impact of the account loss was negligible, but that it could have repercussions later.
After a clinical trial in 2001 showed that the number of heart attacks among patients taking Vioxx was five times that among those taking naproxen, an older pain reliever, Merck disclosed the trial's findings to both doctors and the Food and Drug Administration, Ms. Jones said.
FirstEnergy has been engulfed by numerous problems this summer, even before the blackout.
Yahoo Posts Lower-Than-Expected Loss; President Says He Will Quit
Such is the money machine of Microsoft, whose rivals have long complained that its control of the Windows operating system software -- which is used by roughly 90 percent of the world's PC's -- lets the company engulf many competing products by adding copies of those products as features of Windows.
Shares of Micron Technology Inc., which makes memory devices for personal computers and other electronic products, dropped 75 cents, to $19 yesterday, or nearly 4 percent, after it said it would record a loss for the third quarter.
And industry executives who were read a summary said it was too weak to loosen Microsoft's grip on the industry.
In 1998, the Nature Conservancy announced it would pay $35 million for 185,000 acres of International Paper Company land in northern Maine, and is spending $15 million on other Maine land purchases.
Correction:  September 12, 2002, Thursday  An article yesterday about the final minutes of the Marriott Hotel at 3 World Trade Center misstated the citizenship of Abdul A. Malahi, a hotel employee who was killed there.
Ending a month of speculation, Great-West Lifeco, which is controlled by the Montreal-based Power Corporation of Canada, said on Thursday that it would acquire Putnam Investments, a troubled mutual fund manager, from the Marsh & McLennan Companies for about $3.9 billion.
It was essentially Wells Fargo's difficulties in meshing its acquisition of First Interstate that forced it into the arms of Norwest.
In July, Mr. Conway warned investors that the company's second-quarter earnings would be worse than expected, and he blamed Oracle's relentless takeover effort.
Apple executives said the company's gross margin was 27.8 percent, a slight increase over 27.7 percent in the quarter a year ago.
''The company's response documents numerous ways in which the commission had ignored key information and denied Microsoft due process in defending itself,'' the company added.
The company filed the complaint in Multnomah County Circuit Court to enjoin certain individuals from writing defamatory statements against Itex on Yahoo message boards.
Other banks that have warned of rising loan losses include the Bank of New York, Comerica and Northern Trust .
In that case, the attorneys general agreed to Microsoft's request that no one who looked at the code be allowed to work for most major software companies in the following 18 months.
A Verizon spokesman, John Bonomo, said, ''It was not our intention certainly to portray fathers as inessential to families.''
Gilbert F. Amelio gave the best speech of his one-year tenure as chief executive of Apple Computer Inc. today, persuading frustrated shareholders to give him more time to turn around the troubled computer company.
In an effort to revitalize the struggling Itanium computer chip business, Intel and Hewlett Packard said Wednesday that Intel would hire a 300-person Hewlett-Packard design team based in Fort Collins, Colo.
Adam Klauber, an insurance analyst at Duff & Phelps Inc. in Chicago, says that other analysts have been blinded by Cigna's prospects in the health care business and underestimated the problems it faced in its property and casualty business.
Intel, based in Santa Clara, Calif., has fought back in part by challenging A.M.D.
Wireless networks of sensors, machinery and computers are reaching new frontiers: telling precisely when to irrigate and harvest grapes to produce premium wine, monitoring stresses on aging bridges to help states decide maintenance priorities and warning when oil tanker equipment is in danger of failing; Intel researcher says such wireless communication will be pervasive in 20 years; trend captures interest of venture capitalists, whose investments are supporting start-up sensor networking companies; photo (M)
Cisco Systems said yesterday that it had agreed to dismiss its patent infringement lawsuit against the 3Com Corporation and Huawei, a Chinese maker of computer networking equipment.
But he acknowledged that Take-Two, in teaming up to distribute Sega's sports titles, put some heat on Electronic Arts and forced it to take aggressive steps.
Freddie Mac, offering $5 billion of reference notes through a reopening of 5.25 percent debt due 2006, ABN Amro Securities, Deutsche Bank and Morgan Stanley Dean Witter.
The assertion outraged Google's executives, who asserted that Yahoo was overestimating its index by counting duplicate information.
A WEEK after the big loss of its Procter & Gamble Company accounts plunged GGT Group P.L.C.
Considering that banks are paid ahead of stockholders in the event of a bankruptcy filing, the market value of the bank debt bodes poorly for Xerox shareholders, according to traders in the loan market.
Verizon said it lost 426,000 phone lines.
It was currency problems and rising costs for fuel and other raw materials prompted Procter & Gamble to begin to raise prices during the last year.
Responding to complaints by rivals that A.T.& T. was not playing fair, the Federal Communications Commission ordered the company today to change what it tells customers about using their long-distance calling cards.
PHILADELPHIA HERE THEY COME -- Reacting, as expected, to the arrival of Southwest Airlines, which starts operations in Philadelphia next week, US Airways slashed fares at its hub there and issued a statement noting that US Air, unlike Southwest, is a network carrier with routes offering ''nonstop service to 106 destinations'' in North America and ''10 European destinations from Philadelphia.''
But in the end, the court must make a difficult judgment -- both about what may happen in the future and about the corporate character of Microsoft.
Profile of Stephen B Burke, president of cable unit of Comcast, who is content to be No.
Intel executives deny any wrongdoing and say the case arose after Intergraph asserted patent rights with a number of computer makers using Intel chips, who then sought indemnification from Intel.
In a conference call with analysts, the company said its sales of condensed soup, which make up two-thirds of Campbell's sales and earnings, had been depressed by unusually warm weather in November and December and would not meaningfully improve before its second quarter ends on Jan. 31.
It is unclear, the brokers said, whether Bank of America will make a deal.
When it comes time for Mr. Nardelli to renegotiate his own contract, Mr. Johnston, as a member of the Home Depot compensation committee, is forced to negotiate against his own lawyer, said Charles M. Elson, director of the John L. Weinberg Center for Corporate Governance at the University of Delaware.
In denying Intel's request to remove Mr. Parker, Judge Timony found that the lawyer's participation in the proceeding would violate no ethics rules, a finding that was also made by both the agency's ethics lawyer and the Office of Government Ethics.
PeopleSoft, the company Oracle fought over for nearly two years, was its most notable deal.
So it hit me hard when Amazon.com recently announced a change in its privacy policy.
Can Microsoft dominate the market for digital media distribution software as it came to dominate the browser market?
The report said ''analysis is on-going'' on the potential impact of multiple tile loss, suggesting that perhaps Boeing's engineers answered the question in a third and subsequent report.
Correction:  March 21, 2005, Monday  The Advertising column in Business Day on Friday, about a further delay in the Interpublic Group's filing of financial reports, misstated an amount for which the company may have accounted improperly.
Procter is considering cuts as deep as 10 percent to 20 percent of its  worldwide work force of 110,000, according to a report yesterday in The Wall Street Journal.
The decision to sell Maximum Golf comes at a time when the magazine industry is being blitzed with economic stink bombs from all angles, including depressed advertising, increased postal rates, rising paper costs and sinking newsstand sales.
By the time the markets closed today, Oracle's chief executive, Lawrence J. Ellison, had suffered a loss on paper of about $2 billion.
Government officials close to IBM Argentina said that the company's business had suffered greatly because of the scandal.
And today, as mobs of people huddled near Microsoft's booth awaiting its opening, several shook their heads when asked whether they sensed the dawn of an era in which Microsoft would lose its dominance.
Even if, as Microsoft once colorfully argued, that meant bundling a ''ham sandwich,'' or anything else, in its flagship Windows operating system.
forces Pfizer to stop selling Celebrex and Bextra entirely, he said, Pfizer shares have fallen too far.
The new forecasts reflected a lower tax rate, Medtronic said, achieved in part by concentrating manufacturing in Ireland, Switzerland and Puerto Rico.
AT&T, the largest competitor on the local level, said it would oppose any effort by Verizon that would restrict access at its central offices.
We forced your hand,'' says Kodak (I'm paraphrasing here).
''It's hard to find a place where the integrated circuit doesn't affect your life today,'' Richard K. Templeton, Texas Instruments' president and chief executive officer, said in an interview yesterday.
''For years, Intel insiders were reluctant to part with their stock,'' said Bob Gabele who follows insider transactions at CDA Investnet in Rockville, Md.
Ed Molchany, the Explorer marketing manager at Ford, said that people who buy sport utilities had shown limited interest in having the problem addressed, adding, ''I wouldn't say our owners are screaming for it.''
''We have taken that criticism to heart,'' he said at a packed conference that included some of Morgan Stanley's largest investors.
Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson raises serious questions about Justice Department's bid to break Microsoft into 2 parts, seeming to suggest plan does not go far enough; lauds brief from group of computer industry executives suggesting breaking company into three parts; asks government to quickly revise antitrust remedy proposal; rejects Microsoft's bid for months of added hearings, surprising and upsetting company; photo (M)
But it is clear that the accident comes at a particularly unfortunate moment for Boeing and for the United States aerospace business.
Mr. Soriani has been indicted on fraud charges along with about 30 other I.B.M.
While Coca-Cola in the past aggressively pushed its bottlers to consolidate, over the last two or three years, it has taken a more hands-off approach, Mr. Sicher noted.
However, one Manitoba government official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said that the shortage of pharmacists was caused mainly by Wal-Mart and other big-box retailers expanding into the prescription drug business.
''There's pricing pressure as you go from one console transition to the next,'' and $39.95 ''is the right price given the transition dynamics,'' said Tammy Schachter, a spokeswoman for Electronic Arts.
Apple Attacks RealNetworks Plan to Sell Songs for iPod
Simply put, middleware threatened to demolish Microsoft's coveted monopoly power.
Another issue, said Mr. Coughlin, who will absorb Mr. Orr's duties after Mr. Orr leaves Interpublic, is ''lost credibility with shareholders'' stemming from repeatedly missed earnings estimates.
Market Place column on resurgent profitability of investment banks Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs; each reportedly nears tentative accord with Securities and Exchange Commission to pay $40 million to settle charges growing out of last stock market bubble; Goldman reports second-quarter earnings rose 71 percent from 2003 period, to $1.2 billion; Morgan Stanley reports earnings jumped 104 percent from 2003 quarter, also to $1.2 billion; both warn continued stock market weakness could hurt future earnings (M)
Last month, General Motors rattled the industry when it began the sale, which can drop the average sticker price on a vehicle by several thousand dollars.
Hasbro Has Loss as Pokmon Wanes
Keeping a stake in the combined business is an important point for some Time Warner executives and directors, who are reluctant to abandon the music industry entirely, in case it rebounds.
In the rocket launching case, Boeing was suspended for 20 months from Air Force rocket business and was reinstated last March.
Lawyers for four black employees at the Coca-Cola Company filed a motion yesterday that included invoices from a Staples store in Atlanta, showing that someone at Coke had ordered a shredding machine in late April, after a discrimination lawsuit was filed.
''We were a little surprised and disappointed by the bans,'' said Kenth Kaerhoeg, group communications director for Coca-Cola Asia, who flew in from Hong Kong to work on the situation.
Amazon's site is set up to discourage phone calls.
The move would have no substantive effect on AT&T's operations or finances.
General Motors, critics said, ignored these rules, which compounded its problems.
Toys ''R'' Us also objects in the lawsuit to Amazon's use of paid search listings from Google on many of its pages.
Confounding its critics, the Oracle Corporation reported revenues and earnings for its fiscal fourth quarter today that surpassed analysts' estimates.
'Baby Bells' Protest A.T.& T.-McCaw Deal
After learning of incidents like the evening at Nobu, and the suspected relationship, Wal-Mart fired Ms. Roehm and Mr. Womack around noon on Monday in terse meetings at the company's headquarters in Bentonville, Ark.
With the deal, Cisco will, for the first time, be able to sell digital television equipment that provides high-definition programming; shows and movies on demand; and an array of interactive services.
Bruce Chizen, chief executive of Adobe, said the forecast did not take into account the potential impact of last week's terror attacks, which he said would hurt Adobe's business if they pushed the economy deeper into its malaise.
A classic food fight between two giant competitors -- the H. J. Heinz Company and the Campbell Soup Company -- landed in a courthouse yesterday when Heinz made a late-day announcement that it had hired away Daniel O'Neill, the president of Campbell's domestic soup business.
The cellphone and wireless telecommunications industry has also proved to be difficult for Microsoft.
At Merck, executives have decided to pour more money into marketing its newer drugs like Vioxx and Singulair as older drugs lose their patent protection.
J. D. Edwards, which is based in Denver, also filed a suit in California against Oracle, Mr. Ellison and Charles E. Phillips, Oracle's executive vice president, contending that they engaged in unfair business practices.
But still, why would Apple risk alienating its remaining installed base -- 10 million Macintosh computers, compared with more than 100 million Microsoft machines -- with an unproved operating system with no applications?
''Amazon's practice does damage to the publishing industry, decreasing royalty payments to authors and profits to publishers,'' the guild wrote in its message.
Oracle has continued to try to cut costs, partly through reducing the number of workers.
Conrail stock takes temporary steep dive because of conflicting accounts of discussions between Norfolk Southern Corp and CSX Corp over Conrail's fate; Norfolk Southern and CSX are in bitter struggle for control of Conrail, and their bidding war has sent Conrail stock soaring; talk that Norfolk would abandon its offer causes momentary drop in Conrail shares, but they recoup after Norfolk announces it is still pursuing Conrail (M)
Advertising column examines whether strike by Verizon Communications employees has hampered company's campaign to rename and market new brands; photo (M)
Its lawyer drafted a second letter, this time to Morgan Stanley's general counsel, asking the company to ''cease and desist'' criticizing DMG Technology to potential clients.
Motorola won because the basketball league failed to show it was harmed.
Amazon.com, citing a sharp increase in sales, said yesterday that it cut its loss in half for the second quarter.
While the Office of Thrift Supervision said that H&R Block had informed it of Mr. Spitzer's investigation, ''we didn't know it was at the point where there was going to be a lawsuit,'' said Kevin L. Petrasic, an agency spokesman.
The Government and the Microsoft Corporation, not surprisingly, offered the court two entirely different stories.
Although it is known for being anti-union, Wal-Mart gave way to Chinese pressure -- and law -- last month and said it would allow its workers in China to unionize.
2 cable holding company, is the most serious threat to Comcast.
Only four months after the merger took place, Boeing announced plans to cut 12,000 jobs.
Atty Gen Eliot L Spitzer says up to 5,000 New York State residents could qualify for refunds from General Electric Co under court finding that GE acted deceptively in telling some owners that dishwashers recalled because of fire hazard could not be repaired and offering rebates toward purchase of new products; says thousands of other residents could be eligible for free repair; GE denies fraud; plans appeal; Spitzer aide says other states probe recall (M)
But the product has been delayed by production problems at I.B.M., Apple's manufacturing partner, which provides the computer's G5 microprocessor chip.
The state and federal prosecutors are expected to ask for a serious structural remedy, perhaps even a breakup of the company, which Microsoft has made it clear it would not accept.
Johnson & Johnson, the drug giant and maker of consumer health products, has struggled over the last year to overcome the loss of one of its best sellers, the heartburn drug Propulsid, which the company took off the market after it was linked to heart problems and dozens of deaths.
The Microsoft move, which consolidates Microsoft's corporate and product work at McCann-Erickson, deprives Wieden & Kennedy of one of its largest clients.
In asking for the injunction, Sun said that if it waited until its lawsuit against Microsoft was settled it would be too far behind to compete even if it prevailed.
Aetna Inc, nation's largest health insurer, says Securities and Exchange Commission has started review of way company accounted for its August purchase of Prucare unit of Prudential Insurance Co of America; deal made Aetna industry leader with more than 20 million customers, including 1.2 million in New York and nearby areas; review is latest in barrage of actions that have jolted investors, battering Aetna and other big managed-care companies; they include at least four class-action lawsuits, new law in California and similar measure passed by US House that would open health maintenance organizations to malpractice lawsuits (M)
The Cigna Corporation said yesterday that the Pennsylvania Department of Insurance had approved a plan to restructure the insurance company's domestic property and casualty business.
The company said it continued to develop technology that increases the advertising revenue it earns from each search, while Yahoo said its already delayed effort to build such technology would be another three months late.
If PeopleSoft's board rejects the new offer without entering into any talks, the rejection could help stir up enough animosity among PeopleSoft investors to cause some to vote in favor of Oracle's proposed slate of directors.
The two executives said Citigroup was already generating more business than Citibank and Salomon Smith Barney would have alone.
Boston Scientific said late yesterday that it had recalled a line of grafting devices for blood vessels after receiving three reports that the devices had torn or frayed within a week of being sewn into place.
General Motors Corp is rebounding faster than expected from strike that shut down most of its North American factories during summer; GM reports September vehicle sales totaled 393,364 cars and light trucks, 3.1 percent decline compared with year-earlier but less of drop than analysts had expected; GM closed 1998 model year selling 4.6 million light vehicles, down 2.6 percent; GM's market share bounced back to 31 percent, level it was at before strike began; company officials deny that GM is offering larger incentives than its rivals; charts (M)
Striking an alliance in the struggle to establish standards for delivering music over the Internet, the International Business Machines Corporation and Sony announced late yesterday that they would make their competing standards mutually compatible.
Analysis of abrupt dismissal of Gilbert F Amelio as chairman and chief executive of Apple Computer Inc; says dismissal leaves an opening unlikely to attract many resumes for the job at the deeply troubled personal computer company (L)
Under scrutiny from regulators and Congress for its role in a series of financial scandals, Citigroup, the nation's largest financial-services company, said yesterday that it had replaced the chief executive of its investment bank with a more senior executive with a legal background.
Executives at eBay said that any litigation involving Kazaa or the involvement of Mr. Zennstrom and Mr. Friis in Kazaa would not affect Skype or eBay.
Because of the findings in the government's case, Microsoft is barred from arguing that it is not a monopolist or that it has never illegally abused its power.
A spokesman for Coca-Cola, Rob Baskin, said company officials in Atlanta had not seen the lawsuit, which was filed on Thursday.
Yesterday, at a gathering of American Express employees at Madison Square Garden, Kenneth Chenault, the chief executive, said that the company would keep its headquarters in the city, though it is unsure when it can return to the office space it owns in the World Financial Center.
But the company was upbeat about the outlook for the second half of the year, in contrast to a gloomier picture offered by the Ford Motor Company, which reported lower earnings on Wednesday.
For Honeywell, the deal's collapse would mean being back on the market and being scrutinized by investors.
Marianne Allison, a spokeswoman for Microsoft, said the company periodically reorganized, but she insisted that no decision had been made on a move this time.
Many regarded Moody's decision in August to lower Toyota's triple-A rating to Aa1 as laying the groundwork for cutting Japan's sovereign debt rating today.
The standard 17-inch model with 160-gigabyte hard drive and DVD burner costs $2,799 at Apple's online store.
A Federal judge today blocked A.T.& T.'s $12.6 billion deal to buy the nation's biggest cellular-telephone company, saying that it would violate the antitrust ruling that broke up the old Bell System a decade ago.
An outsider might think that in view of Prucare's well-known string of losses, such arrangements for future fees and subsidies would be subtracted from the sales price instead of adding to Aetna's earnings statements.
And Boston Scientific need look no further than the rival Cordis division for an object lesson in the hazards of not satisfying the regulators.
Three loose consortiums appear to be forming for the Verizon unit.
General Re Corp senior executive Richard Napier will plead guilty to criminal fraud charges in one of cases involving alleged insurance abuses of American International Group; John Houldsworth, former senior executive at General Re, pleads guilty to fraud in connection with helping AIG doctor its accounts; photo (M)
Microsoft Flouts Court Order, U.S. Charges
The guild members, Scott Wilson and Tom Bower, in papers submitted last week to Federal District Court here, demand Mr. Pisano's resignation, saying that his being a board member of the DVD rental company Netflix ''creates a conflict of interest with his duties as the chief administrator'' of the guild.
Coca-Cola and Pepsico, the nation's No.
Until last month, when it completed its acquisition of Litton Industries, Northrop Grumman had no experience in the shipbuilding business.
Mr. Stern did concede that CBS suspended him for one day because of concerns of how he was promoting the shift to Sirius.
That failure prompted the District Attorney's office to begin an investigation of Morgan Stanley's conduct, which is continuing.
Microsoft's Internet services business, which competes with Google, Yahoo and others, continues to struggle.
Ten days ago, Bill Gates, Microsoft's chairman, told the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, that spam would not be a problem in two years, in part because of systems that would require people to pay money to send e-mail.
is seeking an injunction against Intel as well as unspecified damages.
In March, Intel said it expected the margin to be 53 percent, but the company said it had to lower its expectations because its average selling price had declined, one factor that reduced its revenue.
The latter request is relevant because 17 people who had worked under Mr. Burns on General Mills assignments at Saatchi New York resigned en masse three days after the agency announced his unexpected resignation.
And six hours after Mr. Goizueta's death, an electronic voice-mail message from Mr. Ivester informed Coca-Cola's 30,000 employees worldwide that their leader had passed away.
Intel has the same start-up problems that any chip maker has, but because it typically dedicates one production line to one chip only, it works out the kinks faster and can then produce mass quantities with relatively few duds.
Despite being the nation's largest biotechnology company, Amgen until recently had only two big products -- Epogen, which is used to treat anemia, and Neupogen, which prevents infections in cancer patients receiving chemotherapy.
A shareholders meeting of Companhia Energetica de Minas Gerais was postponed for one week after two of the Brazilian power company's shareholders, the Southern Company and the AES Corporation, boycotted the event.
ChevronTexaco says two independent audits done by companies contracted by Texaco found no lasting environmental damage.
Mr. Nielsen of Microsoft said there were no current plans for cloning Java, and he described that option as a ''long-term technical issue.''
The new round of cuts is intended to reduce management in a bid to trim A.T.& T.'s bureaucracy.
Analysts chose to focus on Kodak's operating results because the company loaded its results from the most recent quarter with $508 million in one-time charges and losses.
''The burden of proof is certainly on Microsoft,'' said David Smith, an analyst at Gartner Inc.
''It is clear to us that your ill-considered and professionally directed attacks on Morgan Stanley and our people are damaging the firm and our shareholders,'' the directors wrote to the dissidents.
His family has sued Merck, the maker of Vioxx, charging that Vioxx caused his death.
Hundreds of plaintiffs' lawyers who claim that people were injured or killed by painkiller Vioxx plan to meet next week in Pasadena, Calif, and Las Vegas to lay groundwork for nationwide legal assault against drug's maker, Merck; J Michael Papantonio, lawyer in Pensacola, Fla, who organized Las Vegas meeting, says about 500 plaintiffs' lawyers are expected to attend; The Lancet, respected British medical journal, publishes analysis of all clinical trials of Vioxx completed by 2001, and concluded that Merck and Food and Drug Administration should have known enough about drug's hazards to withdraw it years ago; photo (M)
McDonald's has been working with Environmental Defense, an advocacy group, to bring about the change, which the company says has not increased the price of the chickens.
The complaint adds that Microsoft's system for warning the public of security problems is so confusing and technically complex that it is of little use to the ordinary computer user.
''Apple has to let go of this ghost and invent the future,'' Mr. Jobs said.
PepsiCo said that it would stop directly financing animal experiments, including some it had financed through grants given to graduate students through its Gatorade Sports Science Institute.
Failure to Acquire Honeywell Is Sour Finish for G.E.
Ex-Chief of Netscape Criticizes Microsoft's Penalty Proposal
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter addresses credit card holders' insecurities regarding online purchasing by instituting new disposable-number system similar to one offered by American Express (S)
Still, given Wal-Mart's formidable record at home, the company's recent setbacks have exposed a rare vulnerability overseas.
It represents a significant escalation of the dispute, which has already caused considerable embarrassment to General Mills, the giant foods marketer based in Minneapolis.
They also dispute Microsoft's arguments that the orders would cause it irrevocable damage.
A memo written by unidentified government officials in Washington stated that Microsoft's complaints raise ''substantial concerns'' about the way Microsoft is being treated, according to a person close to the commission who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to discuss the memo.
Mr. Kassan charged that Interpublic was ''orchestrating a scheme'' to either force him to resign or invent a reason to dismiss him and to ''ruin his reputation'' with actions that included disseminating statements that he ''was on an extended leave of absence from Western because of his role in financial misconduct.''
Splitting Microsoft into several companies is one of a variety of remedies state and federal prosecutors are discussing as a possible resolution of the case, though in interviews today several officials said no decision had been reached.
And on Friday, Roche said it was suspending patient enrollment in a lung cancer trial comparing its Cera against Amgen's Aranesp because of apparently greater than expected number of deaths in at least some of the arms of the trial.
''Part of Oracle's argument has been that PeopleSoft's business is in trouble,'' he said.
Investors were uneasy with the news and sent Motorola's shares down $1, to $48.75, in heavy trading today on the New York Stock Exchange.
Facing criticism from some Republicans, the state attorney general, Bill Lockyer, left, a Democrat, said he would return $50,000 in political contributions from the Oracle Corporation to avoid the appearance of a conflict in his office's investigation of a state contract awarded to the software company.
Dr. McKinnell said it was not yet clear how many jobs would be eliminated, but he said during the conference call that more of the cuts would come from Pharmacia, based in Peapack, N.J., than from Pfizer, which has its global headquarters in Manhattan.
The changes came after Mattel, in what has become an all too familiar scenario, stung investors in last year's fourth quarter by reporting an unexpected 67 percent drop in earnings.
Scott Wyman, a spokesman for Motorola, said yesterday that Mr. Galvin had not known until the morning after the sale that Mr. Breen was resigning to become chief executive of Tyco International.
Further disappointing Wall Street, Intel executives said first-quarter revenue was likely to be lower than expected as well.
But the troubles at Toys ''R'' Us show how Wal-Mart and other large discounters, once seen solely as a threat to mom-and-pop stores on Main Street, are now squeezing previously strong national chains.
Responding to Microsoft's public criticisms of the plan to break it in two, the assistant attorney general in charge of the Justice Department's antitrust division said today that the actual result would be ''exciting new products, with more choices and lower prices for consumers.''
In its latest reports, Union Pacific blames track maintenance and the construction of new tracks and sidings.
Polo Ralph Lauren needs to design, sell, manufacture and be ready to ship millions of dollars of women's spring clothes to department stores nationwide by January; some Wall Street skeptics, along with competitors, say taks is so big that Polo is bound to come up short; predict company will either wind up with poor fitting, badly made clothes, or experience delays in delivery; some argue that stores may order only half of what they did year earlier even if Polo can produce high-quality line on time; Polo's president Roger N Farah says designs for spring line are completed and factories in Far East are preparing samples and some of 'piece goods' are already woven; company is using some of same factories now producing Ralph Lauren men's line; photo (M)
Moody's Investors Service lowered Sony's long-term credit rating today by one notch, citing the weakened outlook for the electronics division.
*When the Intel Corporation began developing its own Internet software, Microsoft complained.
The main worry is that after the merger, the unit will buy only Honeywell avionics, just as it buys only General Electric engines at present.
Judge Kollar-Kotelly rejected a proposal by nine states dissenting from the settlement that would have required Microsoft to carry Java with Windows.
Google has struck a deal to allow Web site owners to put video clips from Viacom, including ''SpongeBob SquarePants'' and MTV's ''Laguna Beach: The Real Orange County'' on their pages.
Pfizer is suing in Delaware to have the fee ruled illegal, and it could be an interesting fight.
A sign of those difficulties came this week from Microsoft.
The mood yesterday, though, was determined by jittery investors who sold far more than just technology stocks on worries that Intel represented just the beginning of a parade of forthcoming earnings alarms.
But yesterday Citigroup said it had designated or paid a whopping $6.7 billion since 2002 to settle securities litigation resulting from errant calculations of risk and a lack of internal financial controls.
Article in series Arsenal of the Future explores soaring price of new warships; says soaring shipbuilding costs, driven by old-school politics and rusty machinery of American shipbuilding, may scuttle Pentagon's plans for 21st-century armada of high-technology aircraft carriers, destroyers and submarines; Navy wants more fast boats and aircraft to fight offshore and upriver, and says it can make do with fewer big ships patrolling oceans; Congress, seeking to sustain America's shipyards, wants as many big ships as possible; political hagging may also add to price; Navy wants winner-take-all competition to build destroyers; Congress wants contracts given to both Northrop Grumman and General Dynamics, only military shipbuilders that can produce ships Navy needs; officials say two companies do not really compete in traditional sense; shipbuilding system's critics say system is 'prehistoric' and that military shipbuilding is 'unbelievably regulated socialist industry'; photo; chart (L)
Mead Johnson Nutritionals, Bristol-Myers Squibb unit that makes Enfamil infant formula, agrees to alter claims that its formula is more nutritious than generic product; lawsuit was filed against Mead by competitor, PBM Products, which distributes generic infant formula (S)
Merck stopped selling Vioxx in 2004 after a clinical trial linked the drug to heart attacks and strokes.
Suspensions on two Saturn Vue sport utility vehicles broke during rollover tests performed by government last month, causing left rear wheels of vehicles to collapse; suspension failures occurred in separate tests of two- and four-wheel-drive versions of Vue, which is made by General Motors; National Highway Safety Administration is probing why failures occurred; process often takes more than year and must be completed before agency orders recall, if it so chooses; consumer advocates call on GM to voluntarily recall vehicles and say test results suggest flaw in their design; more than 200,000 Vues have been sold in US since 2001; photo (M)
Wal-Mart Stores, whose all-in-one retailing model has forced scores of competitors to close their doors over the last 40 years, is turning to an unusual business plan: helping its rivals.
Palm-size portable video players, which play compressed files on small screen, are beginning to change how people watch videos and are designed to be less expensive and more convenient than portable DVD players; Archos and Hasbro have both released players; industry experts warn that providing legal content for devices is and will continue to be major obstacle; game company Nintendo is hastening development of players, calculating that they will appeal to young people who are already used to small, relatively low resolution screen; photos (M)
Indeed, Mr. Miller's tough talk could send workers on a charge themselves -- out to picket lines, crippling production not only at Delphi, the nation's biggest auto parts company, but at General Motors, its biggest customer and the nation's biggest auto company.
In November, Judge Jackson issued findings of fact that concluded that Microsoft was a monopolist that wielded its market power against rivals and partners alike, stifling competition and harming consumers.
The suit, filed by the Teamsters union and a consumer group, claims that Pfizer marketed Lipitor to women and people over 65, who the lawsuit says have not been proved to benefit from lower cholesterol.
It was a tough job, considering that Staples.com lost more than $140 million last year.
Proposed merger of nation's largest and third-biggest cable television companies is seen reflecting sea change in regulatory thinking of Washington policy makers; series of favorable court decisions this year and appointment by Pres Bush of senior regulators skeptical of old rules have ushered in new era of deregulation in telecommunications; as result, proposed deal between AT&T and Comcast, which would have been unthinkable only year ago, is not expected to encounter any serious impediments; photo of Michael Powell, new chmn of FCC (M)
Comcast currently sells phone service over traditional lines, but that business is very limited.
Analysts expressed frustration that I.B.M.
PeopleSoft Sees Good Quarter, Lifted in Part By Oracle Foes
John Cocke, a Chip Wizard From I.B.M., Is Dead at 77
Pfizer is parting ways with Deutsch after the failure of a yearlong effort to renegotiate the compensation agreement.
Hasbro reported yesterday that it lost $25 million in its most recent quarter as it struggled to manage the decline in popularity of the Pokmon trading card without a hot toy to replace it.
Investors seemed comforted but not thrilled by I.B.M.
a giant player in a highly fragmented service sector that is growing in part because so many financially troubled companies have been laying off their own design engineers, according to analysts whom I.B.M.
In the past the video game industry has been highly cyclical, with software publishers like Electronic Arts, Activision and Take-Two Interactive booming after new consoles come out, but suffering as the life cycle of those consoles comes to an end.
But here in Home Depot's home base and elsewhere around North America, thousands of company employees will stay up late to root for the athletes on TV and get up the next morning to devour the accounts of the competitors' exploits in the sports pages.
According to music executives briefed on the company's discussions, Universal has recently devised a broader set of offerings meant to test the market for unprotected songs through Amazon and other outlets.
Quest Communications International, after losing auction for MCI to Verizon Communications despite higher offer, reportedly is considering proposals to make another $8 billion bid for MCI (M)
Microsoft had asked that Mr. Gates's testimony be limited to eight hours, and had wanted to provide seven other executives for interviews.
The ranking is a coup for Apple, which for several years has lagged behind, in terms of raw computing speed, the PC world controlled by Intel and Advanced Micro Devices microprocessors.
Comcast and Time Warner may encounter other problems, though.
Then Mr. Boies asked whether it was true that Microsoft had expressed threatening disapproval to computer manufacturers that worked with Netscape.
Microsoft's Internet computing effort is currently based on 200,000 servers, and the company expects that number to grow to 800,000 by 2011 under its most aggressive forecast, according to a company document.
Toys ''R'' Us said that it had found 4,000 items on Amazon's site from other merchants that it asserts were in violation of its exclusivity rights.
The suit will accuse Intel of selectively withholding key technical information about its microprocessor chips from the computer manufacturers with which Intel is involved in patent and related product disputes.
With its entry into this tangled realm, Microsoft is bound to have a major impact, providing the cable industry with capital and clout to fight B Sky B for the digital market, and pushing the individual cable companies into consolidation that analysts had seen as inevitable.
The eternal rivalry between Pepsico Inc. and the Coca-Cola Company flared again yesterday, as the beverage industry archenemies released their quarterly earnings results on the same day for the first time in more than 20 years, provoking speculation that Coke was trying to steal Pepsi's thunder.
Mr. Galvin, 53, was unavailable for comment but John Pepper Jr., the Motorola director leading the committee searching for a successor, said via e-mail yesterday that the disagreements were related to ''this stage of the turnaround'' not past actions.
The group led by Goldman Sachs and Mr. Speyer bought the property in 1996, paying $306 million for the mortgage and assuming $845 million in debt and other obligations.
A major restriction sought by nine states pursuing antitrust penalties against Microsoft would require the company to provide a version of its Windows operating system that would allow computer makers to pick which Microsoft's programs to include with it.
Paramount Pictures, bucking Hollywood's conventional wisdom that political movies are box office poison, is set to release remake of The Manchurian Candidate, starring Denzel Washington and Meryl Streep, after Democratic National Convention; political thriller makes villain of corporate cronyism and invites comparisons to Bush administration's ties to Halliburton; photos (M)
PeopleSoft executives have repeatedly accused Oracle of using the takeover bid to confuse the market and to damage PeopleSoft's business.
The technology-heavy Nasdaq composite index fell 34.20 points, or 2 percent, to 1,638.80, weighed down in part by losses in Intel and Microsoft, which are also among the 30 stocks in the Dow Jones industrial average.
An antitrust lawsuit was still pending at the time of the Fox News Channel deal, with a trial date scheduled for January.
Intel's earnings report is considered a leading indicator of the health of the technology sector but it also appeared to reflect a comeback of sorts in the company's battle with A.M.D., which has made substantial inroads into Intel's dominant position as the leading microprocessor maker.
The company's supermarkets are facing increasing price competition from discounters like Wal-Mart Stores, coupled with the distraction of a revamping aimed at consolidating overhead at some chains.
But the test results in New York alarmed executives at News Corporation.
Morgan Stanley's choice to charge a separate fee for its research is likely to inhibit people from using the service, said K. Blake Darcy, the chief executive of a competing on-line service, DLJ Direct.
Interpublic Group of Companies says that it will postpone release of second-quarter earnings by a week, sending company's stock tumbling nearly 24 percent (M)
Although several hundred of its 20,000 city employees would move to the new location outside New York, there would be no net job loss to the city, as other jobs would be moved here, Verizon executives assured Mr. Bloomberg, who negotiated personally with Ivan Seidenberg, the company's chief executive.
Kirch Group is preparing to declare that its core business is bankrupt, as aging founder Leo Kirch assumes role of passive bystander while bankers and minority shareholders argue over who should contribute to rescue; Rupert Murdoch and executives at his News Corp in Los Angeles meet with Kirch's bank creditors and other investors about possible takeover of Premiere, money-losing pay television network that is biggest reason for Kirch Group's collapse; Murdoch indirectly controls 22 percent of Premiere through BSkyB and News Corp is biggest shareholder of BSkyB (M)
''Let them know that you are troubled that the CSX-Conrail plan could be pushed through, depriving Conrail shareholders of the best offer,'' David R. Goodes, Norfolk Southern's chairman, told investors and analysts yesterday at a conference sponsored by Salomon Brothers.
But even a takeover by Comcast, the No.
and chairman of General Electric Capital Services, will retire and leave the board at the end of 2005, the company said.
Wall Street has also been worried about when Boston Scientific will be able to satisfy regulators that it has dealt with quality-control shortcomings cited in separate warning letters sent to Guidant in December and Boston Scientific in January.
Neither attracted an audience that threatened CBS's broadcast audience.
may file even more charges against Intel, accusing the company of using predatory pricing and contract provisions to expand its dominant position and to squeeze its few competitors out of the market.
Those trends alone work against ConAgra, which is selling Swiss Miss hot chocolate mix, Wesson oil and Van Camp's canned pork and beans in an age when more people are reaching for bagged salad greens and vitamin-infused water.
Rob Bennett, the group product manager for Windows at Microsoft, confirmed last week that consumers would be ushered to Windows NT from Windows 98, but he said a consumer version of NT was ''at least three to four years out.''
Dissemination of the worm slowed today as network administrators and individual computer users around the world took steps to protect their machines, even as Microsoft's critics stepped up their complaints that the company's software, which dominants the industry, puts its customers at risk of such outbreaks.
TKT won a patent fight in Europe, where Amgen's patent protection was weaker.
Microsoft Adversary to Become F.T.C.
Yesterday Coca-Cola's shares fell $1.0625, or 1.6 percent, to close at $66.0625, the lowest since Oct. 14.
Several research analysts, however, suggested that Johnson & Johnson's negotiating options might be limited in part because it spent weeks publicly portraying Guidant as damaged goods.
Microsoft replied that the complaints reflected ''a great deal of misunderstanding and wild charges.''
KPMG, the accounting firm, was censured yesterday by the Securities and Exchange Commission, which said the firm helped executives at the Xerox Corporation manipulate and distort financial statements from 1997 through 2000 by issuing audits stating that Xerox's reports were consistent with accounting rules when they were not.
Southern California Edison, supporting complaint by California to Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, says El Paso Corp artifically inflated price of natural gas in state by $3.7 billion over last year by using its partial control of major pipeline to curb gas flow; says manipulation cost Edison alone at least extra $1 billion for electricity generated by gas-fueled power plants over 13 months ended Mar 31; El Paso unit, in response, blames high prices in state on unexpected and unprecedented demand and shortage of pipeline capacity, not withholding of supplies; photo (M)
Big financiers are jostling to acquire yellow pages business of Qwest Communications International; several buyout firms that had orginally teamed up with Kohlberg Kravis Roberts on bid that was expected to be front-runner, but was rejected in first round as too low, have recently formed their own consortium without Kohlberg Kravis; new group--which includes Blackstone Group, Thomas H Lee Partners, Bain Capital and Providence Equity Partners--has split not only with Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, but with its members' other first-round partners: Texas Pacific Group, Goldman Sachs Capital Partners and Credit Suisse First Boston; six offers are officially on table, most for more than $8.5 million, some for only parts of QwestDex yellow pages business (M)
Iridium LLC, bankrupt global satellite telephone company, will begin sending 88 giant satellites spiraling toward Earth, ending one of the clossal corporate failures in recent memory; after spending more than $5 billion on system that promised to communicate with everyone, anytime, Iridium could muster only about 55,000 subscribers, not enough even to pay interest on its startup costs; company's shares plummeted months ago, and banks, bondholders and investors are left to wince at their staggering losses; Motorola, which started company, has written off more than $2.5 billion; Iridium is still holding out hope that someone will buy satellite network before complete shutdown; photo (M)
For several years Mr. Moonves had argued hard for splitting the former Viacom in two, which meant he would gain control over his own set of businesses.
Although the publishers of the books actually designed the excerpts, Coca-Cola printed up the palm-sized booklets and organized the promotions that also include giant supermarket displays of open books -- advertising that no publisher could afford.
Nike says third-quarter profit will fall short of forecasts because of problems with inventory system that led to shortages and late deliveries; says problems with new system for managing inventory, orders and other aspects of supply chain caused shortages in many products and delayed shipments; says to compensate for shortages, it ordered so many shoes that it will be trying to work through excess inventory for months to come, in some cases by funneling goods to factory stores and outlets stores (M)
Intel Beats Forecast; Warns of Revenue Shortfall
Billions of dollars in life insurance policies used as compensation for hundreds of top executives -- including Martha Stewart, Ralph Lauren and Ted Turner -- are in jeopardy, largely because of the recently enacted corporate responsibility law.
Texas Instruments said yesterday that it had broken the one-gigahertz barrier for digital signal processing chips, increasing the top speed for such chips by nearly 40 percent.
To carry and bill a ''900'' call, AT&T has typically charged the group using the number about 35 cents a minute plus 12 percent of what the organization charges the caller, Ms. Hurt said.
Some Silicon Valley entrepreneurs and executives argue that anything short of structural remedies would enable Microsoft to forestall or litigate its way out of the penalty.
But the breakup plan itself invited Comcast to strike.
While the group -- the Texas Pacific Group, Goldman Sachs & Company and Bain Capital -- is still talking with Diageo about a deal at a much lower price, about half a dozen suitors that were rejected when Burger King was first put up for sale are considering new offers.
Microsoft also said that there was little evidence yet that concerns about the Year 2000 software problem, or Y2K, were causing a halt in computer buying.
Microsoft's actions increased the likelihood that pre-installation of Navigator onto Windows would cause user confusion and system degradation and therefore lead to higher support costs and reduced sales for the OEM's.
Computer security experts said they are bracing for an attack timed for Saturday, when Blaster is programmed to start an attack on the Microsoft Web site from which users can download software patches protecting against the Blaster worm.
''The decision itself is not that harmful to Microsoft's business,'' Richard Sherlund, an analyst at Goldman Sachs, wrote in a report yesterday, ''but rather sets a precedent where the European Commission could argue that future enhancements such as search or antivirus must similarly be unbundled.''
In the first wrongful death case involving Vioxx to reach trial, the scientist, Dr. Nancy Santanello, also testified that Merck had persuaded regulators to move language describing Vioxx's potential heart risks to a less prominent position on the drug's label.
After deliberating for four days, the jury concluded that Wal-Mart had shown a pattern of widespread and unwavering violations.
Berge A. Ayvazian, an executive vice president for the Yankee Group, a technology consulting firm in Boston, said, ''What this says is that AT&T recognizes that it is not best of breed on application development and data center operations and I.B.M.
Under fire from well-organized opponents who have hammered the retailer with criticisms of its wages, health insurance and treatment of workers, Wal-Mart has quietly recruited former presidential advisers, including Michael K. Deaver, who was Ronald Reagan's image-meister, and Leslie Dach, one of Bill Clinton's media consultants, to set up a rapid-response public relations team in Arkansas.
Public Citizen study and documents from recent lawsuit against Ford Motor Co raises new questions about safety of roofs on Ford Explorers; Public Citizen's study accuses Ford of ignoring evidence that stronger roofs would lead to fewer injuries (M)
Louis Burns, a vice president and general manager for Intel's desktop platform group, said the marketplace had often underestimated the speed of change in the way people use computers.
''It puts a little extra pressure on their performance and adds a little more discipline to the economics,'' said Jaine Mehring of Salomon Smith Barney, who has a price target of $45 for General Mills over the next year.
Marcella McCall, a Verizon employee, was accused of using corporate credit cards for nonbusiness purposes and of writing almost $100,000 in bad checks to cover those expenses, the police said.
Now that the decision is in, the Microsoft trial shifts to a new phase during which the penalty, or remedy, will be decided.
''This decision allows the giant long-distance companies to continue cherry-picking the highest-margin customer without providing any benefits to the average consumer,'' said William Daley, president of SBC, the second-largest local phone company after Verizon.
But Mr. Noto's eagerness to tout the prospects of some of Goldman Sachs's more dubious investment banking clients is not as well known.
Intel, the world's largest semiconductor manufacturer, demonstrated its latest chip technology just days after it disclosed it would miss its first-quarter financial targets because of a slowdown in demand and a slight loss in market share.
Exxon Mobil came under the most criticism.
Costco, national warehouse club, abandons its plan to build large supermarket at West 55th Street and 10th Avenue in Manhattan and sells property to a developer (S)
Sampling of items listed on eBay turns up mobile Haunted House with starting bid of $35,000; photo (M)
He argued that Marriott and Host Marriott might eventually be able to resell the 120 Courtyards for more than the $372 million the companies will pay for them.
He will now oversee not only CBS, the most-watched of the broadcast networks, but also an enhanced part-time network aimed at viewers under 35 years old -- the audience that CBS reaches least well.
It is unlikely anybody is more disappointed by Gateway's troubles than William Miller, who oversees the mutual fund operations of the Legg Mason brokerage firm in Baltimore.
While Citigroup Struggled, Its Chief Was Paid $26 Million in 2006
That sounds suspiciously like the old ''Kodak Moment'' slogan, but don't read too quickly over the crucial word ''share.''
And Intel made a series of missteps last year that led it to cancel big projects, reorganize the company and change its development strategy.
Several analysts said Boeing's current problems originated from a boom cycle in the early 1990's, when the aircraft maker pressured suppliers to increase production only to abruptly cut back when the airline industry slumped.
The situation became so grave that in 2002 Microsoft suspended its programming development for more than two months and sent all of its programmers to remedial security classes.
As Brent Schlender, an editor at large at Fortune covering Silicon Valley, said: ''There's no question that what Apple does generally shows the direction where PC's go, technologically speaking.
A United States official denied that the American government was coming to Microsoft's aid in the antitrust dispute.
A lawsuit seeking class-action status, filed in 2003 in federal court in Oakland, Calif., asserts that Cintas's drivers work overtime without pay.
Apple attributed the loss to weak Christmas-season sales of its Performa line of consumer-oriented Macintosh computers, and the price cuts and rebates needed to move these machines.
Mr. Schwartz said Microsoft was also at risk because many organizations were frustrated with computer security issues that continued to plague the company's software.
General Motors, under pressure to show its blue-collar workers that investors and executives are also prepared to give up something in order to help overcome the company's deepest losses in more than a decade, said Tuesday that it would reduce pay for top officials and cut its stock dividend by half.
Accuses Xerox of Accounting Abuses
Lawyers for Merck & Co and Cheryl Rogers, widow of man who died after reportedly taking Merck drug Vioxx, aks state judge in Alabama to postpone lawsuit, which was scheduled to be first Vioxx case to go to trial; both sides expect judge to agree to postpone case, which is scheduled to begin May 23 (M)
The overall weakness in the long-distance telephone market continues to take its toll on AT&T.
(These investors thus have a stake in the two most notable takeover tales of the moment, since Comcast has made an unsolicited offer for Walt Disney, at least temporarily depressing the Comcast stock price.)
In July, the department took the unusual step of suing Boeing, which received $11 billion in Government contracts last year, after the company refused to meet its demands for employment information at three of its operations.
In a series of presentations to investors this week, Symantec executives seemed perplexed by market reaction to the deal.
A preliminary review of the information from EgyptAir Flight 990's cockpit voice recorder, which was recovered this weekend, offered no indication of criminal activity in the cockpit of the Boeing 767, which plunged into the sea near Nantucket Island two weeks ago with 217 people aboard, government officials said tonight.
Apple Reports a Loss of $120 Million for First Quarter
is right that KPMG repeatedly challenged Xerox and then gave in or compromised, it will be another sign of the problems that came to plague the auditing industry in the 1990's.
But given the company's second place position in the market, its limited overseas presence, and the tremendous resources that Philip Morris can bring to bear in marketing Nabisco, many potential suitors sat out the bidding, leaving Kellogg as the sole contestant.
But Time Warner executives accused Fox of provoking this confrontation as the latest attempt to force Time Warner to carry the Fox News Channel in New York City.
Marriott hotel chain tentatively agrees to pay more than $400 million to settle series of lawsuits that contend it defrauded investors who had bought interests in its hotels in late 1980's; Marriott International and Host Marriott, closely related companies that manage and own Marriott hotels, sign settlement with lawyers representing thousands of limited partners who had sued companies; bulk of settlement, $372 million, will go to buy out two of worst performing limited partnerships, which own about 120 Courtyard by Marriott hotels; about $62 million will be paid to investors in other partnerships; J W Marriott Jr, chairman of Marriott International, and investor Don Burklew comment; photos (M)
Merck faces at least 11,500 lawsuits, covering 23,000 people, from patients who say that Vioxx caused their heart attacks and strokes.
The most practical reason is that Apple's long-promised Copland operating system, now known as MacOS 8, won't be ready until at least the middle of 1997, if ever.
Kodak to Stress Digital Business And Cut Dividend
The list of woes at Interpublic, which owns agencies like Draft, Initiative Media and McCann-Erickson, included accounting irregularities, $181.3 million in charges to earnings, downgrades of its corporate debt to near-junk levels and large losses at a division devoted to motor sports.
''Morgan Stanley had fought this case vigorously,'' he said.
In addition, Xerox ended the quarter with $4.7 billion in cash and debt of $12.3 billion, a 17 percent reduction from debt in the first quarter of 2001.
Aetna Reports a Loss As Medical Costs Surge
Interview with Jonathan Ive, industrial designer at Apple Computer who is obsessed with finding ways to design personal computers that evoke more human reactions; he says majority of personal computers are sad, chunky gray boxes; photos (M)
Intel is already suffering from razor-thin profit margins on low-cost chips.
Safa Rashtchy, an analyst with Piper Jaffray, said he was not satisfied with Yahoo's explanation for the delays.
After all, he said, Microsoft's products created the security problems and had caused ''billions of dollars of damage to their users.''
British Court Hears Apple v. Apple and 'Le Freak'
The other government arguments for the breakup approach are that this would require less continuing regulation of Microsoft than a series of restrictions on the company's conduct, and that such restrictions were likely to be ineffective in any case.
''It's a responsible position for Aetna to have taken at this time,'' said Fran Visco, president of the National Breast Cancer Coalition, a patient group.
Intel to Miss China Deadline On Standard For Wireless
The anguish of unmet expectations might explain the disappointment -- ranging from resignation to conspiracy theories -- that pours forth from some Starbucks regulars.
But the loss of Parc would be a blow to the psyche of Xerox as well as a strategic loss.
It was a tense day -- one everyone knew was coming -- but little gloom and doom was evident in an area that has bloomed since AT&T began moving many of its operations two decades ago to the horse and gentry country of western New Jersey.
The criticism, when raised about the merger announced yesterday, was speculative, based on the increasing links and controls that led Mr. McChesney to assert, in his book ''Rich Media, Poor Democracy,'' that just nine major companies controlled much of the information and the delivery systems around the world: Time Warner, Disney, Sony, General Electric (NBC's parent), AT&T, the News Corporation, Seagram (its media holdings are concentrated in music and film), Viacom (CBS's parent) and Bertelsmann.
Fate of United Airlines is believed to rest largely in hands of its bankers at J P Morgan Chase; will be asking J P Morgan and Citigroup to fill gap left by government's rejection of United's request for more than $1 billion in loan guarantees; J P Morgan has history of rescuing companies viewed by financial markets as hopeless cases (M)
The music industry was in the doldrums when Apple's store was introduced in 2003, and executives saw it as an answer to the problems it faced with online piracy.
Tom Brokaw and Peter Jennings, anchormen on NBC's and ABC's nightly news programs, are broadcasting segments from books they have written on their nightly news programs; this is part of intensifying trend in publishing industry, which by necessity is searching for new ways to grow by reaching readers through unconventional outlets or through publicity they could not afford without alliances; one of oddest corporate matches is Coca-Cola Co's campaign to give away book excerpts for six novels in 45 million packages of diet soda; Thomas B Rosenstiel, media critic, does not think ethical questions are raised about news shows being used by networks or news anchors to promote their books; photos (M)
Mr. Spiwak said that an early miss was Indonesia, where Wal-Mart began trying to build a business in 1996.
National Transportation Safety Board probe of January 31 crash of Alaska Airlines MD-80 into Pacific off Los Angeles with loss of 88 lives points up flaws in quality control system used by Federal Aviation Administration in monitoring design of aircraft parts; design of acme nut, part of jackscrew assembly that controls horizontal rudders which failed sending plane spiraling out of control, received little attention from FAA; agency also seems to have paid scant attention to airlines' decision to increase number of hours between tests to measure ear on part (M)
Market Place column on impending satellite television deal between Rupert Murdoch's News Corp and Hughes Electronics, part of General Motors Corp; stock analysts are questioning timing of deal because satellite TV business appears to be slowing and economic slowdown could compound problem (M)
Microsoft came up with its own browser and rebuffed that challenge, partly with tactics that violated antitrust laws, a federal appeals court ruled.
eBay plan to disallow use of PayPal for gambling after it acquires system used to make payments over Internet comes as online casinos are struggling to find ways to handle payments; many banks are barring use of their credit cards for online gambling; problem has forced some casinos to close; photo (M)
People close to the takeover negotiations say it had become evident at least 24 hours before the midnight deadline that a counteroffer was unlikely because Johnson & Johnson's advisers had stopped communicating with the Guidant team.
The stock price of Aetna, the nation's largest health insurer, dropped more than 17 percent after the company warned that its first-quarter earnings would be significantly lower than expected because of rising medical costs.
Union leaders were furious at both the news itself and the five minutes' advance notice that Boeing gave them and the area's elected officials before the announcement.
By contrast, though, Motorola said slowdowns in the computer and automotive industries and sharp cutbacks by electronic component distributors in their inventories were hurting its semiconductor operations.
Loan Unit Drags Down H&R Block
In a later ruling, in November 2000, Judge Gomez concluded that available technology would allow Yahoo to take reasonable steps to identify and block the disputed material from French eyes -- thus allowing American users, for example, to continue to view the content.
When Rick Rashid, Microsoft's vice president for research, utters, ''Set your phasers to stun,'' he isn't preparing to begin one of his company's famous take-no-prisoners assaults on some hapless competitor.
Time Warner has $18.1 billion in debt and expects to have roughly $10 billion in operating cash flow before expenses by the end of the year.
Though skeptical that the government proposal would bring much new competition, Mr. Cusumano was also unconvinced by some of Microsoft's arguments that the software industry would suffer from lost efficiency.
Mr. Bryant did not provide analysts with details of Intel's flash memory business, which supplies chips used in cellular phones; that business was particularly weak in the last quarter.
and other competitors, Intel is moving to add a growing array of functions to its microprocessor chips, a strategy that Mr. Otelleni refers to awkwardly as the ''platformization'' of Intel.
The man, James Gray, 63, who works in Microsoft's Silicon Valley research lab, set out alone Sunday morning for the Farallon Islands on his 40-foot boat, Tenacious, and was expected back that afternoon, Lt. Amy Marrs, a Coast Guard spokeswoman, said Monday.
An industry leader, Wal-Mart ''is also the leader in unfair treatment against women in the United States,'' said Brad Seligman, executive director of the Impact Fund of Berkeley, Calif., which focuses on civil rights litigation.
But while Apple was able to monopolize the music-player category quickly after it introduced the iPod in 2001, its challenge with a phone would be far more difficult.
He dismissed criticism that his proposal would encourage companies to move jobs overseas, though he was unable to say how Boeing and other major exporters could avoid a competitive disadvantage if his bill became law.
Stark career profiles of victims of September 11 terrorist attack on World Trade Center being prepared by companies with biggest losses to help in determining compensation are arousing anxiety among fragile population of survivors; may not match expectations of those left behind, who may have mistaken idea of how loved ones ranked in jobs and what their prospects were; reports from Marsh & McLennan, Cantor Fitzgerald, Keefe Bryuette & Woods, Carr Futures and others discussed; photo (M)
Mr. Snyder said one weak spot for Verizon Wireless was its failure to sell more data services through cellphones.
Microsoft protested that the new evidence should not be admitted, but Judge Jackson allowed it.
Merck withdrew Vioxx on Sept. 30 of this year after a company-sponsored trial found a doubling of the risks for heart attack or stroke among those who took the medicine for 18 months or more.
The CVS Corporation and Lockheed Martin are among the companies that have recently turned to restricted stock.
Stepping up its attack on Microsoft's core business, Google plans to make available on Tuesday a test version of a Web-based spreadsheet program that is intended to make it simple to edit and share lists and data online.
Whether AOL rises or falls before the deal is completed, the ratio, which will leave Time Warner shareholders with 45 percent of the combined company, fairly represents the contributions of AOL and Time Warner, executives said.
If it makes financial sense -- and if, armed with that knowledge, you can avoid the competing allure of iPod style and the Apple brand -- you just might.
It seeks an injunction to stop Microsoft from selling Vista until the technology is removed.
ImClone Systems' board meets to consider demand from Bristol-Myers Squibb that it drastically alter terms of their $2 billion partnership to develop and market cancer drug Erbitux; photo of ImClone co-founder Samuel D Waksal (M)
Joins in 2 Bias Suits Against Lockheed Martin
Wal-Mart said, however, that calls were monitored only in cases of suspected criminal activity or fraud and only with written consent from the company's legal department.
Executives close to Motorola say the company has been stunned by the demands that Steven P. Jobs, Apple's temporary chief executive, has been making.
mission, Microsoft issued an emergency warning of a critical vulnerability in its Windows operating systems and released a patch -- its 39th so far this year.
Considering Apple's failed marketing efforts to date, this may not be a terrible idea.
But Airbus has eaten away at Boeing's lead and is poised to pass it, and the decline in commercial aviation after the Sept. 11 attacks has only worsened the situation.
Until today, Boeing had appeared unwilling to alter or drop those arrangements, as the Europeans had demanded.
The review on the American portion of the Apple account caused some confusion as to whether BBDO Worldwide, the global agency to which BBDO West reports, would retain its international Apple accounts, with billings estimated at $50 million to $60 million.
But Mr. Addoms and other Frontier executives said that Boeing was fighting to the end.
Technology Briefing
Now, after hundreds  of millions of dollars in losses under AT&T, the company plans to once again call itself NCR when it becomes independent next year.
Barring an 11th-hour settlement, the commission, the year-round administrative arm of the European Union, will rule as soon as March 24 that Microsoft is an abusive monopolist and will order the company to change the way it sells its software in its 15 member nations.
Indeed, Citigroup was the largest underwriter of securities for companies that later went bankrupt, according to data compiled by Bloomberg News.
Excerpts from Securities and Exchange Commission chairman William H Donaldson letter rebuking Morgan Stanley chief executive Philip J Purcell over commetns on his firm and Wall Street scandals; photos
But the panel insisted upon ironclad proof linking government policies to Kodak's problems.
No, Dr. Tevanian said, Apple had told Microsoft that it owed Apple $1.2 billion in royalties but had not said anything about filing suit.
Verizon Wireless reports addition of 2 million new customers in fourth quarter, an industry record; has added record 7.5 million customers in 2005, for total of 51.3 million; Cingular Wireless holds top spot in cellphone market, adding 1.85 million new customers and bringing its total to 54.1 million; Cingular says fourth-quarter net income was $204 million, compared with $495 million loss in 2004 period; photo (M)
The suit contends that Exxon Mobil looked the other way as the military terrorized Acehnese villagers.
Daewoo's future is in doubt because Ford Motor dropped its $6.9 billion bid last week.
Mr. Reinhard said in a statement, ''I have and will continue to categorically deny that I have been part of any secret effort to take over or acquire Dow Chemical.''
Microsoft has argued that while it is an aggressive competitor, its business contracts and tough negotiations with industry partners and rivals do not violate the law.
Article profiles Federal Judge Paul V Gadola Jr, who will preside over General Motors suit to end strike by UAW that has crippled almost all North American operations; he is son of state judge who ordered eviction of striking workers who seized GM's factories in labor dispute 61 years ago (M)
and Microsoft are kicking up some dirt -- they're not giving up'' in the database market, Mr. Upin said.
Federal and state prosecutors also said they would abandon a central claim in the lawsuit -- that Microsoft violated the Sherman Antitrust Act by integrating its Internet Explorer browser into the Windows operating system.
''Removing the waiver means nothing when Oracle still has pending litigation in Delaware that opposes the PeopleSoft-J.
'' 'Lost in Translation' will outperform most $300 million films for us, and that's because of our ratings and recommendations,'' said Ted Sarandos, the chief content officer for Netflix. ''
The conflict about the Gauchos has some parallels to Mr. Luethke's dealings with Morgan Stanley, lawyers involved in both cases said.
The lawsuit also accused Nike of fraud for saying in interviews and news releases that its workers were protected from physical and sexual abuse and that its working conditions complied with local laws and safety regulations.
Issue of drug advertising directly aimed at consumers was thrust into news recently when Merck withdrew its arthritis painkiller Vioxx from market, citing studies indicating risk of heart attacks or strokes; critics noted role that advertising and marketing played in drug's being widely prescribed to patients who might have done as well with ibuprofen or other inexpensive over-the-counter remedies; prescription drug advertising has grown into $3.8-billion-a-year business in seven years since FDA lifted strictures against such ads; FDA has no plans to place new curbs on such ads despite controversy accompanying withdrawal of Vioxx; vice presidential candidate Sen John Edwards during debate last week said drug ads on TV are out of control and that he and Sen John Kerry would do something about ads if elected; Megan Houk, deputy policy director for Bush-Cheney campaign, accuse Democratic candidates of exaggerating issue; charts; photos (M)
The state authority also charges that Whole Foods misrepresented the store plans in its application for a liquor license.
As recently as last year, CSX and Norfolk Southern had secret but unsuccessful discussions aimed at a joint purchase of Conrail.
The suit against Amgen argues that, in effect, drug companies and participants in their clinical trials enter into a contract.
Although the dangerous probability was no longer imminent with Netscape's rejection of Microsoft's proposal, ''the probability of success at the time the acts occur'' is the measure by which liability is determined.
After cutting back on expenses to meet analysts' earnings expectations, Kellogg's advertising spending is at its lowest point in nearly 10 years.
Nonetheless, Verizon is being squeezed on many fronts -- deregulation, the decline of conventional phone service, competition in wireless and attacks from cable companies and others in the Internet access business.
''Nineteen ninety-seven clearly was a disappointing year for Kodak's shareholders, its employees and management,'' Mr. Fisher said.
Time Warner appears to be in no hurry to complete a deal.
In its filing, Microsoft is trying to persuade the court that the appeal will involve a thicket of technical issues, procedural challenges and disputed facts.
The General Electric Company, apparently immune to the weak euro and the softening economy, said yesterday that its third-quarter earnings rose 20 percent, meeting analysts' estimates.
I posted no photos on eBay; the digital camera was still packed, possibly in box No.
The investigative piece about the antitrust lawsuit against the Microsoft Corporation, ''Hard Core'' by Ken Auletta, was the longest by far published under David Remnick, the editor who took over from Ms. Brown last July.
After the disclosure on March 11, two ratings services, Fitch and Standard & Poor's, downgraded their ratings of Interpublic debt, while a third, Moody's Investors Service, put the company's debt ratings under review for possible downgrading.
In 2005, the company eliminated late fees -- an irritant to many customers, and the issue that had prompted Mr. Hastings to found Netflix.
Despite unusually sharp criticism from European antitrust regulators, executives of Time Warner and America Online do not plan to offer any concessions to clear their proposed merger plans when they meet regulators behind closed doors here on Thursday, company executives said today.
The apology by M. Douglas Ivester, chairman and chief executive of Coca-Cola, the world's leading soft-drink company, came as French Government officials said that 80 people there had complained about nausea, fever and headaches.
Many plaintiffs' lawyers say it is too early to make a realistic assessment of Merck's financial vulnerability.
Sales at McDonald's restaurants in Japan that have been open at least a year, for example, have been declining since mad cow disease was discovered there in the fall of 2001, said Mark D. Kalinowski, a restaurant analyst at the Smith Barney unit of Citigroup.
The new challengers cannot match Intel's performance at the high end, but they can undercut Intel's prices at the low end.
The lawyers involved with the investigation said that Intel executives had attended meetings with trade commission staff members in Washington earlier this month in an attempt to avert the lawsuit.
After Kirkland & Ellis was out, Morgan Stanley's new lawyer asked the court for more time to prepare for trial, known as a continuance, arguing that the orders of the judge had created the conflict that prevented Kirkland & Ellis from serving as outside counsel.
Motorola seemed to have turned the corner this year, edging back into profitability after more than two years of earnings disappointments, multibillion-dollar write-offs, management turmoil and tens of thousands of layoffs.
The attorney general also brought criminal charges against three executives of two big insurers, the American International Group and Ace Ltd.
Customers who do not want American Express cards can decline the switch or have their accounts switched back.
The Christmas campaign, aimed squarely at what Mr. Willis refers to as ''the hearts and minds'' of Venezuela's 22 million people, is one sign of how intensely the Coca-Cola Company is battling for the soft-drink market in Venezuela, which for 50 years was one of the few places in the world where its rival Pepsico Inc. held an overwhelming lead over Coke.
The American International Group, the commercial insurer, said late yesterday that it was setting aside an additional $2.8 billion because of unexpected increases in liability claims.
And that worry is hitting at a time when their Coca-Cola stock -- long a major portion of compensation at Coke -- is trading at less than half its peak of $88 in 1998.
The other charge, which Boeing said would be $300 million to $500 million, related to delays in its $4 billion Airborne Early Warning and Control program for Australia and Turkey.
Elizabeth Freund, a spokeswoman for Apple Corps, said the settlement had no bearing on any move to make Beatles music available on iTunes, saying that was a separate matter for the Beatles to discuss with EMI, which holds the rights to the Beatles' recordings.
Texas jury begins deliberating whether tire made by Bridgestone/Firestone Inc was to blame for crash in March 2000 that left Marisa Rodriguez paralyzed and brain-damaged; outcome of case could foreshadow Firestone's ability to battle number of other defective-tire lawsuits and show whether its attempts to shift blame for crashes involving its tires to Ford Motor Co will be accepted by jurors; photo (M)
But the warning carries particular weight coming from Moody's, whose judgments are closely watched in the financial markets.
Jones Apparel Group chief executive Peter Boneparth has purchased two clothing lines, created new one to replace Polo Ralph Lauren and is in midst of hostile takeover bid for Maxwell Shoe, $225 million company that holds license to make Anne Klein shoes, in less than two years since becoming chief executive; Boneparth comments (M)
The commission says that while the three companies may have indeed been customers, they were also rivals and that it is illegal for a monopolist to exploit its market power to force them to cave into Intel's patent demands.
Medtronic's data for patients who were monitored for two years suggested that the disk had actually achieved results on a series of pain, motion and safety measures that the F.D.A.
Floyd Norris comment on how 2002 may be bad tax year for Federal government; says federal budget deficit for March was significantly higher than expected, because of lower tax collections; Goldman Sachs economist John Youngdahl notes that through April 17, US Treasury received $33.4 billion this month from individual income-tax payers, off 31 percent from year ago; Norris says stock market boom may have created tax boom that will never be seen again; adds if so, budget deficits will be bigger than anyone expected, and so will government borrowing; graph (M)
Polo Ralph Lauren's aggressive expansion of retail operations comes at a time when the company has been struggling to repair operations in its own stores.
Waste Management Inc says its problem with misleading accounting goes back to 1992, not 1994 as previously announced; as result, company warns that it will be unable to meet Feb 10 target for closing books on 1997 and revising earnings reported for earlier periods; accounting morass is hindering efforts to recruit new chief executive and chief financial officer; fourth quarter of 1997 is expected to include huge charge against earnings as company revises way it has accounted for value of assets as well as its handling of expenses (M)
But Yahoo has come under particularly sharp criticism.
In August, AT&T announced a restructuring of Paradyne, saying that it would cut 225 jobs and offer an additional 750 employees jobs in other AT&T businesses.
While government officials and industry lobbyists say the AT&T-BellSouth deal faces few regulatory obstacles, those same changes in the marketplace may bring different political headwinds.
Now, as the two companies gird for a battle between the A380 and the much smaller 7E7, Boeing is sending Airbus a stern message about the rules of the game.
Citigroup could pay up to $10.8 billion if shareholders sell it all of the 95.1 percent of Nikko stock that it does not already own.
AT&T, Verizon and SBC Communications all lodged complaints against MCI today.
That, of course, is no accident since Babies ''R'' Us has joined the ranks of shopping sites that have become partners with Amazon.
''There was this pent-up demand for goods in small towns,'' said Sandra Stringer Vance, the co-author of ''Wal-Mart: A History of Sam Walton's Retail Phenomenon'' (Simon & Schuster paperback, 1997).
Former Bristol-Myers Squibb Co executives Frederick S Schiff and Richard J Lane are indicted on conspiracy and securities fraud charges related to wholesale inventory manipulation that artificially inflated company revenues by millions of dollars; accusations charge two former executives with misleading investors by concealing excess inventory held by Bristol-Myers wholesalers, result of aggressive program of rebates and discounts offered by company to meet its sales targets; company agrees to pay $300 million in penalties but avoids indictment in connection in case; chief executive Peter R Dolan will give up his title as chairman as part of agreement; job will be filled by James Robinson III, former American Express chief (M)
After its loss last summer, in a state court in Angleton, Tex., Merck persuaded many analysts and investors, none of whom saw the trial in person, that the $253.5 million verdict came from a runaway jury in a plaintiff-friendly jurisdiction.
Executives of Oracle, the software company based in Redwood City, Calif., attributed the shortfall primarily to financial turmoil in Asian and Pacific markets, which had been a stronghold for the company, and to currency fluctuations against the dollar.
A busload of about four dozen former employees of the Coca-Cola Company and activists began a five-day trip Saturday to draw attention to their frustrations with the soft drink company.
Last week, Jon Elsen, The Post's business editor, said the newspaper's coverage of CNN had ''nothing to do'' with the feud.
Gap to close Forth & Towne, its 18-month-old chain for professional women that failed to catch on; will close 19 stores by June, at cost of about $40 million; Gap chief executive Robert J Fisher hints that Forth & Towne became unneeded distraction from troubled Gap and Old Navy brands; photo (M)
But Dr. Santanello generally kept her cool despite Mr. Lanier's fierce questioning and was able to deflect the impact of documents that showed that Merck was concerned about Vioxx's heart risks as early as 1998, even before it began selling the drug.
Over the years, Compaq has been the most aggressive among the personal computer makers in seeking a measure of independence from Microsoft, even as it is one of Microsoft's closest allies and largest customer.
But at a time when most executives consider business travel as stressful as going to the dentist or doing their taxes, according to a recent survey by Microsoft, dig a little deeper into those carry-on bags and you'll find that some of the gadgets they treasure the most have more to do with making the trip bearable than with actually getting work done.
But the size of Wal-Mart's stores has also been criticized in some communities.
While Dow Chemical is not a maker of implants, it owns 50 percent of Dow Corning, along with Corning Inc., and plaintiffs have been pursuing it since the Dow Corning bankruptcy filing froze litigation against that company.
Verizon Communications indicates it is near accord with Communications Workers of America and International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers; Communication Workers says little progress is being made; conflicting statements confuse many workers (M)
Mr. Patel said Yahoo was not simply playing catch-up and had been working on a new version of Yahoo Finance before Google's service was introduced.
''The dispute revolves around the level of exclusivity accorded to Toys ''R'' Us on the Amazon platform,'' Greg Ahearn, the vice president and general manager of toysrus.com, said.
''We simply cannot replicate the powerful combination of factors that threatened Microsoft's Windows monopoly six years ago,'' Professor Shapiro said.
With his computer and files destroyed, there was not much Mr. Cohen could do to help Penney with its insurance coverage, which had been arranged by a team of brokers from his company, the Aon Corporation.
The changes come in the wake of a difficult year for Morgan Stanley.
AOL and Time Warner have said all along that they will allow rivals on their systems, but the government has been pressing to see the terms so that it could determine whether America Online's own Internet service would have an unfair advantage.
To catch up, Microsoft is also stepping up capital spending as it invests aggressively to build data centers worldwide.
PeopleSoft warns investors that second-quarter earnings will be worse than expected, blaming Oracle Corp's relentless takeover bid for damage to its business; chief executive Craig Conway attributes expected weak results to widespread publicity surrounding Oracle's monthlong antitrust trial, which adjourned July 1 and will resume with closing arguments July 20; photo (M)
General Motors, often criticized for making cars that lack flair, said today that it had hired Robert A. Lutz, the former president of Chrysler, as vice chairman for product development.
In court papers disclosed this week, Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc., the world's largest Coca-Cola bottler, is accused of engaging in fraud, wiretapping and other tactics in an effort to drive a small Maryland soft-drink distributor out of business.
Standard & Poor's and Moody's cut debt ratings on Russian oil company Yukos, citing concerns that company may be forced into insolvency if it has to pay $3.5 billion tax penalty (S)
A second request could start a lengthy process and potentially cast a pall of uncertainty over the Caremark-CVS deal, which has already received antitrust clearance from the F.T.C.
Mr. Luethke, a 29-year-old who has no full-time employment, first approached Morgan Stanley last year with a tip that Christian L. Curry, a former analyst at the firm, was conspiring to plant fake E-mails on Morgan Stanley's computers to bolster a discrimination lawsuit he wanted to file.
Time Warner has been resolutely silent on the dispute between AT&T and Frontier, primarily because the company does not intend to be a reseller but to upgrade its own cable network to function as a full-fledged second local telephone network.
DDB Worldwide, part of Omnicom Group, is cutting the size of subsidiary Griffin Bacal after loss of Hasbro advertising account and is naming Peter Tate to new post of executive vice president at DDB; of Griffin Bacal's 68 employees in New York, about one third will be laid off in March and another third will be shifted to DDB, which gained toy account (S)
The regulator argued that by withholding this information, Microsoft was giving an unfair advantage to its own software programs, which function seamlessly with computers that run Windows.
Coca-Cola and PepsiCo are the largest largest manufacturers to agree to the ban.
He criticized VeriSign on the grounds that turning ''unused names -- many of which are trademarks, of course -- into a profit center shows a gross abuse.''
If not, Microsoft could be forced to pay fines of as much as 5 percent of its global sales every day until it complies.
The decision on the 7E7 looms as Boeing is entrenched in a Pentagon ethics controversy that forced the resignation of its chief executive, Philip M. Condit, on Monday, and the firings of its chief financial officer and another executive last week.
Sometimes I think there's a basic misunderstanding at Microsoft on how large enterprises manage their computers.''
Former employees would have to exercise those options within 18 months, and unless Coke's stock climbed significantly in that period, they might be worthless.
''This court has done a great injustice to the employees and shareholders of Morgan Stanley,'' he said ''We will fight to have this decision overturned and we fully expect to prevail.''
The disastrous decline in Marsh & McLennan's stock that has followed Eliot Spitzer's lawsuit of last week has injured a broad array of institutional and individual investors.
Executives at Morgan Stanley and other Wall Street firms acknowledge that without a bank as a partner they face some pressing problems.
The announcement is an attempt to repair the strained relations between AT&T  and I.B.M.
In an apparent setback for Merck, a federal judge in Houston declared a mistrial yesterday in Plunkett v. Merck, the third Vioxx lawsuit to reach trial, after jurors said they were hopelessly deadlocked.
At Wal-Mart, ''we don't care for it at all,'' Mr. Williams said.
Executives at international music conference, Cannes, France, say online music industry is hungry for European market, despite complex cross-border legal and financial issues that are delaying entry of biggest names; say Apple Computer and other big companies are preparing to take on established European leader, On Demand Distribution (M)
About a dozen protesters gathered at Microsoft offices in Irvine, Calif.
Business disaster recovery experts weigh implications of sudden large-scale ruin resulting from terrorist attacks on New York City and Washington for their obscure but growing segment of information technology world; companies like IBM, Comdisco and SunGard that maintain 'hot sites' where clients quickly relocate their key information systems can meet mainframe computer demands of customers affected by attacks; are hampered by deaths of clients' disaster recovery personnel and by destruction of server and personal computers and paper records; are scrambling to find workspace, communications links and personal computers for thousands of workers; photo (M)
It was becoming rapidly clear that Time Warner was badly losing the public relations war, though both sides were suffering to some degree.
But Nike, which accounts for some 45 percent of the domestic athletic shoe market, and which gets 61 percent of its revenue from athletic shoes, cannot help but be affected by consumers' relative indifference to owning another pair of sneakers.
Comcast wants leverage and may view the Nationals as fruit from a poisoned tree, so why carry them?
Also, ''we've got to fix our media offering,'' Mr. Roth said, referring to the Interpublic lineup of worldwide media agencies, some recently suffering losses from clients like Nestl and Unilever.
Google and Microsoft each claim victory in latest round of their bitter court dispute over researcher Dr Kai-Fu Lee's defection to Google; Seattle Judge Steven C Gonzalez says Lee can proceed with helping create Google research center in China; restricts him from working on some of his specialties--search and language technologies--or using information acquired while Microsoft vice president; dispute is extension of companies' increasing rivalry on each other's software turf, with Google offering growing array of software programs and utilities that impinge on Microsoft's monopolies and Microsoft trying to gain ground in search engine market (M)
But Internet search experts and industry analysts said that Microsoft still had far to go to be viewed as a serious competitor to either Google or Yahoo.
Weak Sales Of Text Ads At Yahoo; Shares Dip
I.B.M., the world's biggest computer maker, blamed balky customers for the 32 percent drop in first-quarter profits that the company reported yesterday.
''Intel anticipated demand that didn't materialize.
Further, Pfizer plans to show that it has no weakness in its pipeline of drugs, with patent protection on several existing products that will bolster revenue well into the next decade.
Market Place  Correction:  December 9, 2003, Tuesday  The Market Place column in Business Day on Thursday, about a deal by Sprint to provide long-distance service to employees of Boeing, referred incorrectly to the Corporate Library, whose director questioned Sprint's corporate governance practices in this case.
Citigroup is reportedly moving 1,000 employees from Lower Manhattan (NYC) to New Jersey and could move 700 employees from Midtown to Long Island City (M)
Mr. Smith argues that despite policy statements published on both the Amazon and Alexa Web sites, most users are not fully aware of the nature of the information being sent to the Alexa Web servers.
Moreover, a year earlier a Rochester judge had lifted a decades-long ban on Kodak's ability to cross-sell its products -- that is, to offer promotions that, say, give someone who buys film a discount on a camera.
Xerox, which less than three years ago was nearly out of cash and struggling to avoid bankruptcy, turned in quarterly operating earnings yesterday that beat expectations.
And on Monday it leaned on Citigroup's board, citing corporate governance problems at the company, the world's biggest bank, as reasons for not supporting the re-election of Sanford I. Weill and Charles O.
During the quarter, Cisco, which is based in San Jose, Calif., completed the acquisitions of Aironet Wireless Communications and Pirelli Optical Systems for a combined total, including assumed liabilities, of about $2.85 billion.
''It's pressure General Motors can bring to bear,'' he said.
's deal was a clear case of fraud because the Government was charged for work that was not performed and, further, that some of I.B.M.
American Airlines lost $387 million in fourth quarter up from $111 million lost year earlier; carrier lost $761 million for all of 2004, down from its loss of $1.2 billion in 2003; Northwest Airlines lost $420 million in quarter compared with profit of $363 million year ago; airline's loss widened to $878 million in 2004, from profit of $236 million in 2003; Southwest Airlines earned $56 million in quarter, down from $66 million year earlier; carrier earned $313 million for 2004, down from $442 million in 2004 (M)
The move comes after criticism from privacy groups, competitors and some industry analysts that Microsoft's identification system, called Passport, could result in the company's holding a trove of personal information on many millions of people and give Microsoft a dominant role in Internet commerce.
A News Corporation executive who spoke on the condition of anonymity said that Ms. Regan had been outraged over the company's yielding to pressure to cancel the book and television special.
Relying on this language, the plaintiffs assert that Microsoft's anticompetitive efforts to maintain its monopoly power in the market for Intel-compatible PC operating systems warrant additional liability as an illegal attempt to amass monopoly power in ''the browser market.''
But such obstacles are diminishing in the face of other factors, said Anil Singh, Yahoo's chief sales and marketing officer.
Alessandra Stanley TV Watch column on radio host Howard Stern's appearance on CBS program Late Show With David Letterman; Stern is involved in legal desupte with former boss and CBS chief executive Les Moonves in connection with Stern's move to Sirius Satellite Radio; Letterman and Stern carry on relatively civilized conversation in spite of fact that Stern's multimillion-dollar fortune rests on crudeness (M)
''It doesn't take an intricate deconstruction of what Steve Case and Gerald Levin said,'' Mr. Bagdikian said, referring to Monday's announcement by the chairmen of AOL and Time Warner.
Describing Microsoft's accusations that the expert, Lawrence Lessig, a Harvard University law professor, is biased against the company as ''trivial,'' and ''defamatory,'' Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson in Washington suggested that had they been made under oath ''they might well have incurred sanctions.''
At the same time, Mr. Perez upset both of Nike's co-presidents, Mr. Parker and a fellow veteran of more than 25 years, Charlie Denson, by seeking a review of the company's operations, particularly its European businesses, which have lagged behind those in the United States.
Motorola reported late yesterday that it had slightly exceeded investors' diminished earnings expectations for the quarter that ended Sept. 30 but that it had fallen well short of Wall Street's revenue projections.
When Wal-Mart was a small rural chain in the 1970's, its founder, Sam Walton, was deeply insulted by his treatment in New York, where the leaders of retail trade groups rejected Wal-Mart's request for membership.
Restaurants are adopting tougher policies to deal with problem of no-shows, people who make reservations but fail to appear; some restaurants demand credit card number of secure reservations, and others require deposit of up to $300; some will impose penalty for no-shows; American Express is going nationwide with a pilot program designed to fight no-shows by dangling the threat of a charge; photo; drawing (M)
Mr. Beller, who runs Crazy Politico's Rantings, for example, said he received an e-mail message from Mr. Manson soon after criticizing the passage of a law in Maryland that requires Wal-Mart to spend 8 percent of its payroll on health care.
Texas Instruments today reported a loss for the fourth quarter, but immediately dressed it up by announcing a deal to sell its money-losing notebook computer business to the Acer Group of Taiwan.
FOR Katherine Sandlin, a barrage of pop-up ads was the proverbial straw that broke the camel's back -- in this case, her reliance on Microsoft's Internet Explorer.
The commission's warning is the latest salvo in its increasingly acrimonious dispute with Microsoft over just what the company must do to comply with a 2004 antitrust ruling by the European Union.
Justice Department and seven states file lawsuit to block Oracle's $9.4 billion hostile takeover of PeopleSoft Inc; Justice Department says deal would violate federal antitrust laws, reduce competition and lead to higher prices for customers; agency joins suit by attorneys general of Hawaii, Maryland, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New York, North Dakota and Texas; Oracle's chief executive Lawrence J Ellison says it will fight lawsuit; PeopleSoft chief Craig A Conway says Oracle should withdraw its bid; chart; photos (M)
Time Warner and Bronfman Leave EMI Out in the Cold
Despite its position as the leading Internet destination, Yahoo has suffered many setbacks in recent months, including the delay of a major overhaul of its advertising system.
In his written testimony, Professor Shapiro characterized that position as ''extreme,'' arguing that to assume that Microsoft's current monopoly position was unaffected by its illegal acts disregarded the findings of the appeals court that Netscape and Java showed potential as threats to the operating system.
Analysts also said that because of the slow introduction of the Gap's latest brand -- in addition to Gap stores, the company owns Banana Republic and Old Navy -- Forth & Towne will have little impact on the company's stock, which has fallen about 7 percent this year.
The latest cases follow similar moves by the commission in April to stop unfair public procurement practices in Germany and Italy, where Intel was also winning contracts with no consideration of rival chips.
They trade less than 20 percent below their levels in September 2004, before Merck stopped selling Vioxx.
He said that when he complained about Word's poor grammar-checking performance, Microsoft's developers defensively likened the grammar checker to an artificial leg -- something useful for people who cannot walk otherwise.
''Frankly, I'm not sure we realized when we began just how difficult and complex this would become,'' said Per Peterson, the chairman of pharmaceuticals research at Johnson & Johnson.
(Either Apple's being dumb or Compaq's being greedy.
The Government wants to leave the door open for competition in the browser market, where Microsoft's main rival is the Netscape Communications Corporation.
Drew Prairie, a spokesman for Advanced Micro, accused Intel of ratcheting up clock speed without sharply improving the performance of the system.
A computer industry adage is that Microsoft does not really make a successful product until version 3.
After Time Warner's charismatic chairman, Steven J. Ross, became ill with cancer, Mr. Levin helped engineer the ouster of Nicholas J. Nicholas, a competitor from their days together at Time Inc. Mr. Levin ultimately became the chief executive of Time Warner in 1992.
Charles Schwab Corp will cut as many as 2,400 jobs by end of October; company has already laid off 3,400 people this year; chief financial officer Christopher Dodds says there is no rebound in sight for stock trading (M)
Microsoft refused to discuss the idea at either juncture.
TECHNOLOGY  Correction:  March 27, 2001, Tuesday  An article in Business Day on Friday about a warning that someone had fooled VeriSign Inc. into issuing fraudulent electronic certificates -- encrypted messages used to verify transactions online -- in the Microsoft Corporation's name misstated the cause of a delay in canceling one certificate.
Microsoft claimed, under a Washington state law, that Mr. Lee violated a noncompete clause in his employment contract and misused inside information in going to work for Google.
Amazon's announcement comes three months after Steven P. Jobs, Apple's chief executive, wrote an open letter to the music industry arguing that it should stop using D.R.M.
But, they add, General Motors, Ford Motor and Chrysler are likely to continue to struggle as foreign automakers flood the sports utility vehicle market.
The dissatisfaction among some senior Yahoo managers was thrust into the spotlight last November when an internal memo written by Brad Garlinghouse, a senior vice president who oversees the company's communications and social networking products, was leaked to The Wall Street Journal.
The company had softened the blow last week when it warned analysts that its earnings would fall far short of expectations -- I.B.M.
Airbus fired back at Boeing this week, asserting that Boeing itself receives subsidies from the State of Washington, where its main production operations are situated, as well as indirect aid from the Pentagon, through research and military contracts.
In common with many other big financial firms, Morgan Stanley had warned a few weeks ago that its profits for the quarter would be cut by about $110 million because of losses caused by difficult conditions in world capital markets.
The Newmont Mining Corporation, which wants to revive its operations here, has acknowledged that both the old and the new projects may produce enough acid to pollute the groundwater 100 to 10,000 years in the future, though Newmont executives say this is unlikely.
An audit of the Future Imagery Architecture project that was completed this summer by the Senate Intelligence Committee blamed both Boeing and the reconnaissance office for the project's problems, a Congressional official said.
Correction:  November 14, 2003, Friday  An article in Business Day yesterday about a downgrade in the debt rating of the Ford Motor Company by Standard & Poor's referred incorrectly to the ratings of General Motors and DaimlerChrysler.
The union will try to resolve the industry's toughest problems with Ford and then demand that the Chrysler Corporation and the General Motors Corporation accept the same terms almost immediately, they said.
''There hasn't really been a legal alternative along these lines,'' said Tom Freston, Viacom's chief executive.
Because Advanced Micro generates at least 80 percent of its revenues from products that compete directly with Intel's, it is vulnerable to price cuts or performance leaps from its larger rival.
Microsoft denies that it has done anything illegal, and the company is vigorously defending itself in court.
Locked in a struggle with a shadowy ''black hat'' computer underground that exploits any flaw in its software, Microsoft has spent three and a half years trying to transform its engineering culture to make security the company's priority.
An executive from Medtronic acknowledged that each manufacturer decided when to publicize a problem.
Apple Computer Inc., which was nearly given up for dead a year ago, has emerged as the most innovative and aggressive personal computer maker in the industry.
They said the Justice Department and the 19 states suing Microsoft were increasingly leaning toward a severe ''structural'' remedy -- breaking up the company or forcing it to license its software to rivals.
INTEL JOINS CANCER RESEARCH EFFORT
Shrugging off a deep recession in the technology industry that has beset its competitors, Microsoft said today that it planned to accelerate its investment in research and development and increase its work force.
In addition to the industry-wide slump in semiconductor sales, Motorola's earnings decline reflects a persistent price war in several of Motorola's communications markets, and a raft of company problems like delays in getting important new products to market.
General Electric's partner in MSNBC, Microsoft, is not pleased with the network's third-place status either.
''The sales aren't there, and there are just too many moving parts on the cost side,'' said Ulysses A. Yannas, who follows Xerox for Buckman, Buckman & Reid and is avoiding Xerox shares.
In the hope of speeding the antitrust review, Express Scripts has already dispatched its lawyers to start arguing its case before the commission staff.
Last Friday, Judge Kollar-Kotelly was assigned to take the case from  Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson of Federal District Court, who was found by the appeals court to have violated judicial ethics by making disparaging remarks about Microsoft and its senior executives in interviews with reporters.
A section on Amazon's internal Web site gives supervisors antiunion material to pass on to employees, saying that unions mean strife and possible strikes and that while unions are certain to charge expensive dues, they cannot guarantee improved wages or benefits.
''Given Wal-Mart's antipathy for unions and its aggressiveness in fighting them, what Coughlin fabricated appeared to be real.''
Yahoo announced a similar ban in January.
Yahoo was No.
Verizon charges $79.99 a month for unlimited use of the connections, and less for those who pay based on how many megabits of data are sent and received.
Intel made plans last month to start cutting production levels, which should solve the oversupply problem by the end of the year.
Even as Starbucks has developed a mass following for its dark, super-roasted coffee and its iced, frothed, blended and flavored offspring, the company has struggled to get its food up to par.
FTC staff concludes that proposed $29 billion merger between BP Amoco and Atlantic Richfield violates antitrust law and recommends that full commission block deal; recommendation is based on concerns that merger could result in significantly higher gasoline prices in California and West; those states are supplied with crude oil from North Slope of Alaska, where exploration and production are dominated by BP Amoco and ARCO; BP Amoco-ARCO decision is disclosed same day that Exxon and Mobil complete largest industrial merger in history after commission approves that deal and orders companies to sell $2 billion to $3 billion in gas stations, pipelines, terminal ports and a refinery (M)
One of the most hotly contested technology battles of the coming decade will be over who controls the very large computer systems, now typically I.B.M.
To address that problem, AT&T said last fall that it would break itself into four pieces.
Microsoft would leave them in the dust.''
Here in Tucson, Mattel -- which holds the main license for Harry Potter toys -- is working to assure its clients that the company will avoid the mistakes of other toy makers.
Eastman Kodak Co will cut 3,000 more jobs this year, on top of 25,000 to 27,000 that will be eliminated by end of 2007; Kodak will end year with about 30,000 employees, half number of three years ago and fraction of 145,000 people it employed in 1988; Kodak has taken $2.7 billion charges related to 23,400 jobs it has already cut; charges could be as high as $3.8 billion with new job cuts; graph; photo (M)
Rob Glaser, the chief executive of RealNetworks, is a former Microsoft manager who departed to start his own company a decade ago and compete in the market for digital media software with his old boss, Bill Gates, Microsoft's co-founder.
Microsoft, Hewlett-Packard and Compaq Computer scramble to fix rash of serious security flaws in software designed to interact with Microsoft's Internet Explorer Web browser; flaws let intruders plant malicious programs on computer merely by sending E-mail message or by luring victim to malicious Web page that automatically plants file on visitor's hard drive (M)
The Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company, grappling with persistently high raw materials costs and a weak euro, reported a fourth-quarter loss yesterday and said that it would reduce its 105,000-employee work force by almost 7 percent.
Mr. Derr and other Chevron executives now face several major stumbling blocks in the company's effort to acquire Texaco, which is still in a preliminary stage.
Intel stuck with its projections of 63 percent for gross margins, largely because the company spent less than expected.
In a long, derisive court brief, the Microsoft Corporation asked a Federal judge today to dismiss the Government's antitrust suit, arguing that the Justice Department and 20 states were trying to ''distract the court from the fatal defects in their claims by slinging as much mud as they can.''
Procter & Gamble Warns on Earnings and Details Changes
Mr. Mulally said Boeing had not directly benefited from the problems with the A380.
According to the complaint, Waste Management put a cap on the amount Andersen could be paid for accounting work -- a total of $7.5 million over the years in question.
But Apple had already conceded that System 8 had become so complex that it would not be ready until sometime in 1997.
But Citigroup's image has been damaged by the action against its private banking operation in Japan, the world's second-largest economy, along with the prospect of lawsuits from Enron creditors and charges of irregular bond trades in Britain.
Microsoft also asked the judge to  throw out the government's breakup proposal immediately, arguing that ''the laws and the facts do not support such a radical step.''
Merck must now persuade skeptical regulators and doctors that it is fully disclosing Arcoxia's potential hazards.
''This consent decree will remedy the problems that were caused by Microsoft's unlawful conduct, prevent the recurrence of those problems and restore competition in the software industry.''
Aon's poor performance has come as the insurance business has been booming since Sept. 11 and its competitors are reporting big gains.
Gates Tells of Microsoft Effort to Fight Viruses
Microsoft made a similar request for months of delay to prepare for the opening of the trial two years ago and Judge Jackson rejected it.
If Windstream suffers the same fate, Verizon could find it harder to get a good price for any local phone lines it tries to sell.
Mark J. Heise, a partner at Boies, Schiller & Flexner, the law firm representing SCO, said yesterday that he expected that a copyright claim would now be added to the contract accusation in the I.B.M.
SARC is part of the Symantec Corporation, a computer utilities and antivirus protection company that recently published a promotional comic book called ''Sarcman,''  extending the theme of virus fighters.
So did the failure of the Power PC microchip Motorola developed with I.B.M.
Another Asian customer of Boeing,  the Hong Kong-based Cathay Pacific Airways, suffered a drop in its share price yesterday to a nine-year low of $5.85 (Hong Kong) as the number of visitors to the former British colony has plunged.
Vehicle sales drop 2 percent in May from May 1999; DaimlerChrysler and General Motors account for entire drop; graph; tables (S)
The failed bid raises questions about the strategy that Comcast will choose to pursue next.
The day's biggest losers included Oracle, which fell $2.69, to $19, and Morgan Stanley Dean Witter, which sank $4.53, to $65.13.
Express Scripts, moving to derail pending acquisition of Caremark RX by CVS, says it will nominate four directors to 11-member Caremark board; Caremark, whose board voted unanimously to reject $26 million hostile takeover offer, says vote will need to wait for its annual meeting, which is normally held in May and has not yet been scheduled; photo (M)
It is unclear how Warner-Lambert's 43,000 employees, 3,000 of whom work in New Jersey, would fare in a Pfizer acquisition.
The Ford Motor Company's new three-year labor contract with the United Automobile Workers union addresses two issues that have haunted organized labor for more than a decade: layoffs and moves by companies to rely more on outside suppliers.
Today, the two companies ran competing advertisements again, with the ABC affiliate's beginning, ''When Time Warner illegally dropped ABC 13, they violated your trust as a viewer.''
Another analyst, Marc Cohen of Goldman, Sachs, said Brazil was one piece of what might be a very large problem for Coca-Cola.
Ms. Roizen said in an interview today that while she was painfully aware that her departure would be viewed as one more indication of Apple's grave situation, she had decided to leave because she was unable to make the personal commitment that would be needed to help the company through its troubles.
Citigroup Inc., the financial services giant formed by the newly combined Citicorp and Travelers Group Inc., said yesterday that it would report an estimated $700 million of net income for the three months ended on Sept. 30 after being hit by about $1 billion in losses from the recent turmoil in financial markets.
Those fears have recently led to the reduction of credit ratings for Ford Motor, G.M.
In the beginning, Marriott sought a solution on the supply side: if working parents could not find day care, the thinking went, it must be because there were not enough places.
They worried that Xerox competitors -- particularly Canon and Ricoh -- would fight back with price cuts, forcing Xerox's gross margins back down.
Federal District Judge Charles Breyer rules that Agriculture Department violated law by failing to adequately assess possible environmental impacts before approving Monsanto's genetically engineered alfalfa; Joseph Mendelson, legal director of Center for Food Safety, advocacy group that organized lawsuit on behalf of seed companies and environmental and farm advocacy groups, says decision could block commercial sales of genetically engineered alfalfa seeds but that injunction will be sought (M)
Aon said in its statement that its billings would be delayed and that it expected less new business ''due to our concentration on our current clients in dealing with this tragedy.''
The first crack in Kodak's secretive armor came on Jan. 14, when George M. C. Fisher, Kodak's chief executive, forecast earnings and cost cuts for the full year.
The lawsuit was brought by Evelyn Irvin Plunkett, the widow of Richard Irvin Jr., who died at age 53 in May 2001 after taking the Merck painkiller Vioxx for less than a month.
If this provision stands, Pfizer would have to pay about $2.50 a share more than American Home would have to pay to have a comparable bid.
IBM and Motorola drop support for Windows NT operating system on computers built around their Power PC microprocessor; decision leaves Apple Computer's Macintosh line and its clones as only high-volume desktop computers to use Power PC chip; executives at IBM and Motorola cite poor sales of Windows NT for Power PC's, even though Windows NT is being adopted by many companies for use with Intel chips (M)
Then on Monday, Citigroup reported a 7 percent drop in second-quarter earnings from continuing operations as its vaunted trading desks were pounded by the volatility in the bond markets this spring.
Mr. Otellini said Intel would continue to focus on maintaining its large share of the computer chip market, which has ranged from 72 percent to around 86 percent in the last 10 years.
With the memory of nightmare media mergers like AOL Time Warner and Vivendi Universal still lingering, no wonder Comcast avoided the dreaded S-word -- synergy -- to justify its hostile $54 billion takeover bid for Disney.
''The reforms announced by Citigroup have been very cosmetic to date, and in no way address the significant problems that the F.T.C.
Within hours, Enron and officials at Citigroup and J. P. Morgan Chase -- which had also lent the company large sums -- started an aggressive campaign to forestall the downgrade.
Because Mr. McDarby had diabetes, clogged arteries and formerly smoked, Christy Jones, a lawyer for Merck, argued that he might have suffered a heart attack even if he had never taken Vioxx.
''We are pleased that the court agreed with the department that Microsoft abused its monopoly power, that it violated the antitrust laws and that it harmed consumers.''
Mr. Spitzer subsequently brought criminal charges against a Bank of America broker, who has said he will fight the charges.
Definitions aside, Microsoft's early media efforts strike some industry executives as borrowing too much from the computer business and perhaps not enough from television.
THE MEDIA BUSINESS: Flying the Swoosh and Stripes; In Footwear Wars, Nike Lags, Adidas and Others Surge
Business travel is booming in China, says American Express, which is moving aggressively there for market share.
The Eastman Kodak Company said yesterday that it would close some manufacturing operations, cutting as many as 2,500 jobs.
Miller was identified by Coca-Cola Enterprises to other distributors as a company that had violated the trans-shipping rules.
Susan Antilla Op-Ed article on $54-million settlement of EEOC complaint against Morgan Stanley for discrimination against women; warns that no matter how generous the dollar settlement, Wall Street will make changes only when its culture, and hard numbers of compensation and promotion, are exposed in open court (M)
Worried that it would lose ground to Airbus, Boeing agreed to deliver hundreds of planes at cut-rate prices in the mistaken belief that it could overhaul its antiquated production methods and deliver a record number of airplanes at the same time.
The twin departures, at Initiative Worldwide and Universal McCann, are a signal that the long-planned reorganization of the media agencies owned by Interpublic -- the agency company struggling to overcome a host of financial and operational problems -- may finally be under way.
And at a time when Google has stalled in getting some new products to the market, Yahoo has been methodically working on a master list of projects: first, core Internet search, then shopping search, local search and next travel search, according to Danny Sullivan, the editor of Search Engine Watch, an Internet news site.
The settlement talks broke down on May 16, over the issue of Microsoft's control of its main screen.
The machinists entered the negotiations with confidence, because Boeing is only beginning to emerge from a costly foul-up two years ago that forced it to halt airplane production for a month and led to its first annual loss in 50 years.
New York State Atty Gen Eliot L Spitzer sues General Electric for discriminating between its corporate customers and individual consumers in correcting problems related to defective dishwashers manufactured between 1983 and 1989; company is helping corporate customers replace defective wiring that is fire hazard and providing small payment while offering other customers only small rebate (M)
Dozens of Boeing 747's are flying far longer than the manufacturer anticipated, with only limited attention to the aging of their components, according to testimony at a hearing today into the crash of T.W.A.
Craig Berman, an Amazon spokesman, acknowledged that the site had broken down early last week.
Amazon Offer Worries Authors
Mr. Panish said that General Motors ''chose to fight the lawsuits and not spend the $8.59 it would have taken to get safer gas tanks and no fires.''
Interpublic Group of Companies will place shareholder proposal to sell company on proxy for 2005 annual meeting; SEC denied company's request to exclude plan, which was proposed by Charles Miller, owner of 300 shares (S)
Dispute between Interpublic Group of Companies and Bruce Nelson, senior executive who oversees Bank of America Corp account, has become public, not long after account was placed in review (S)
The drug is a combination of two existing drugs that work by different mechanisms to lower cholesterol -- Merck's Zocor, one of the class of widely used drugs called statins, and Zetia, which is already sold by the companies' joint venture.
As previously reported, A.T.& T. had said its 1993 earnings would rise by $500 million because of another new rule that covers deferred tax liabilities.
Brazil is one of Coca-Cola's largest overseas markets, second only to Mexico in sales, but has been one of its most difficult lately.
In many ways, the plant is symbolic of the problems facing General Motors.
''We will not sit by idly while Oracle pursues this arrogant, unlawful and destructive course of action.''
''Some people seem to think that Microsoft might use its legal clout to shut down Mono'' if it no longer suited Microsoft's purposes, said Don Marti, 34, editor in chief of Linux Journal.
Bank stock analysts and traders in distressed securities have speculated about other potential problem loans that could hit Bank of America, First Union and other lenders.
It is not clear whether Yahoo's shake-up will be enough to turn around the business.
If the economics of the Exxon-Mobil merger poses no grave threat, there is a danger nonetheless.
And Verizon has no plans to do so.
Concerned that Coke's tactics were an abuse of its dominant position, the commission began an investigation in 1999 into Coca-Cola and its bottlers in Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Germany and Britain.
He said Microsoft had decided to turn on, by default, firewall protection for Windows-based computers connected to the Internet, to make it harder to exploit vulnerabilities in the operating system.
The Wal-Mart name is not enough to win over customers in Japan, where recognition of the brand is low, Jeff McAllister, Wal-Mart's chief operating officer for Japan, said in Tokyo.
Amgen and Johnson & Johnson have been feuding almost ever since Amgen, as a young company in need of cash, licensed Procrit to Johnson & Johnson in 1985.
Marriott has always vigorously denied all the lawsuits' accusations, and Ms. Sterling described the renegotiated contracts as beneficial to both sides.
For Mr. Spitzer, who has successfully led investigations into Wall Street analysts, trading in mutual funds and the insurance industry, the complaint against H&R Block may be his last crusade in the financial services arena.
However, this afternoon, a spokeswoman for Sun, based in Mountain View, Calif., said the company believed the tentative ruling still left in place significant constraints that would make it difficult for Microsoft to copy Sun's programming language.
A California judge ordered the Ford Motor Company yesterday to recall and repair nearly two million cars and trucks after concluding that the automaker knowingly installed defective ignition systems in as many as 22 million vehicles nationwide and concealed the defects from consumers and regulators.
Investors bet -- correctly, it turned out -- that Taxus would have trouble expanding its share of the stent market beyond the 70 percent it soon seized from the market pioneer, Cypher by Johnson & Johnson.
In Europe, where concerns about whether Vista violates antitrust rules have cast a pall over the software's debut, Microsoft's co-founder and chairman, Bill Gates, attended a low-key event in London at the British Library.
The new provision would also benefit the Halliburton Company, whose previous chief executive was Vice President Dick Cheney and which now has a Pentagon contract to repair the Iraqi oil infrastructure.
Boeing, which is best known as a commercial aircraft maker, has been hurt in the satellite business both by a lack of new satellite orders and a decline in its rocket-launching operations.
A spokesman for Morgan Stanley, another big company that has had legal troubles involving its mutual funds, said the dismissal of several money managers was not related to any regulatory investigation.
The first quarter has historically been weak for Oracle, based in Redwood City, Calif., and the company fell short of estimates last year.
As Yahoo has fallen further behind Google, there has been increasing criticism of Mr. Semel's leadership as slow, indecisive and unfocused.
Specific serial numbers of the affected machines are available on the General Electric Web site at www.geappliancerecall.com or from (800) 599-2929.
PeopleSoft Chief Threatens To Sue Over Oracle Statements
That incident did not lead to public safety warnings, although samples were tested, and no mention was made of it after other incidents were reported, beginning on June 8, because, a Coca-Cola spokesman said, there was no clear connection.
Microsoft argues that interactive TV has nothing to do with the four-year-old case, which centered on a variety of tactics the company used to crush the Netscape Web browser that Microsoft thought could have eventually undermined Windows.
One thing that newspapers owned by Mr. Murdoch are not renowned for is critical coverage of their owner (although that is hardly unusual among media barons).
THE MARKETS: Market Place; Questions on Coca-Cola in Market Turmoil Abroad
Merck's day in court has been delayed.
Campbell Soup responds to Progresso attacks ads.
As long as the Disney offer hangs suspended, investors may be wary of Comcast's stock.
Citigroup executives have called such unwanted businesses ''hobbies'' because, in their view, the company lacks either the size or the competence in those arenas to be competitive.
By then, a key effect of the Ma Bell breakup was that MCI's long-distance service would soon become as easy to use as A.T.& T.'s, with its customers no longer having to dial as many as 12 extra digits to make a call, a major barrier that A.T.& T. had maintained.
And yet, this suit, too, accuses Microsoft of anti-competitive behavior.
Justice Department and 17 state attorneys general file brief with US District Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson faulting Microsoft Corp's alternative proposal to breakup of company as 'cosmetic remedy that would have no competitive significance'; government's brief says Microsoft's proposals to narrow restrictions on its conduct does not address some of most important violations found by court; Microsoft responds (M)
Interpublic also warned in the filing that any previous estimates made about the coming restatement or financial results ''should no longer be relied upon'' because of the extent of the work required to get to the bottom of the accounting problems.
But Robert Fagin of CIBC Oppenheimer downgraded Adobe from a buy to a hold last week because he thinks the new Pagemaker, code-named K-2, is really an enterprise-level product, meaning that it will be critical to the operations of the big publishers who use it.
New Director May Shake Up Meeting of Mattel's Board
Amazon's executives insist that their virtual territory is not for sale because the company reserves the right to reject books that do not meet their standards of quality.
Citigroup, shaken by leadership turmoil in its early days as America's largest financial services company, has sped up the integration of its banking units in a headlong effort to prove that commercial bankers and investment bankers can mix.
''While it's hard for me to comment about the specific issues at Interpublic, for me there's no question about Jim and his management capabilities and his talent for the business.''
Shanghai Automotive will pay $59.7 million for 10 percent stake in three key Korean factories of bankrupt Daewoo Motors being taken over by General Motors consortium (M)
Comcast has refused to carry M.A.S.N.
''China represents 3 percent of Kodak's revenues, so that drop is clipping one and a half percent off the top line,'' said Jack L. Kelly, an analyst at Goldman, Sachs, who has an underperform rating on Kodak.
Intel said it expects gross margins for the quarter to be 56 percent to 57 percent, a slight improvement on the previous forecast of 56 percent.
Mr. Lott, whose state's largest employer is Litton Industries, invested considerable time and energy arguing that a General Dynamics-Newport News merger would be anticompetitive.
In the process, Fox has pushed television news where it has never gone before: to  unabashed and vehement support of a war effort, carried in tough-guy declarations often expressing thirst for revenge.
In interviews, half a dozen Wal-Mart workers said there was a growing perception within the company that managers did not respond to employees' ideas and complaints.
Paper wars begin in Microsoft Corp antitrust trial as both sides present court with book-sized documents detailing what each camp believes are facts of case; photo of Justice Thomas Penfield Jackson, who is presiding over case (M)
Hasbro Inc will donate $6 million in toys, books and money for children to settle antitrust suit in which it is charged with unfair trade practices intended to withhold popular toys from some retailers; agreement settles lawsuit that New York State Attorney Gen Dennis C Vacco brought against Toys 'R' Us, Hasbro, Mattel Inc and Little Tikes Co; suit accused companies of colluding to prevent competing retailers from offering toys at lower prices (M)
Aetna reported a $36.6 million operating loss for the first quarter of this year.
Pfizer's action was the latest chapter in a long and public skirmish with Mr. Rost, who has drawn a salary from Pfizer since it bought Pharmacia in 2003 despite, by his own account, doing essentially no work.
Microsoft's online business also remained a weak spot, struggling especially in Internet searches.
Comcast Says Offer Is Final; Some Doubt It
William H. Donaldson, the commission chairman, said in a letter dated Wednesday that he was ''deeply troubled'' by comments from Philip J. Purcell, the Morgan Stanley official, which he said ''evidence a troubling lack of contrition.''
Still, Kevin O'Conner, an assistant attorney general for Wisconsin, who represented the states, declared that ''Microsoft has used virtually every tool of the monopolist's trade -- attempted collusion, exclusionary contracts, tying, predation -- in a coordinated scheme to eliminate threats to its monopoly.''
He denied that Starbucks was losing its focus, telling the analysts that the coffee-shop business ''is and always will be the driver of what we do.''
Airbus announces that London-based EasyJet has agreed to buy 120 passenger jets from Airbus and has taken option to buy 120 more at fixed price over next decade; is largest order placed for commercial aircraft this year, and it comes as big blow to Boeing Co, which had also been negotiating with EasyJet; Airbus executives refuse to give dollar figures for order (M)
The Lockheed Martin system, capable of detecting enemy missiles and aircraft and starting a counterattack at the same time, will be deployed on three destroyers that the ministry has ordered for delivery in 6 to 10 years.
Morgan Stanley also suspended two in-house lawyers who orchestrated its handling of the Curry case.
Both Google and Microsoft executives refused to comment.
But with 35 percent of its New Orleans coffee workers residing in St. Bernard Parish and many others in Slidell -- areas that were particularly devastated by the storm -- Procter executives realized they had no choice but to take responsibility for housing their employees.
But Professor Shapiro conspicuously withheld his support from the states' proposal that Microsoft be forced to let computer makers remove various Microsoft programs from the Windows operating system, a remedy that the states have promoted perhaps more aggressively than any other.
But with Wal-Mart refusing to disclose what it pays for health costs, it was unclear how much more it would be required to pay.
Johnson Space Center senior structural engineer Alan R Rocha wrote e-mail message to his managers during flight of shuttle Columbia saying he and other engineers saw 'big uncertainties' about extent of damage when debris hit it, and asking NASA to 'beg' other agencies for help in photographing spacecraft; Rocha's Jan 21 e-mail offered suggestions on revising re-entry plans, but said that without pictures, it would be impossible to know how to adjust re-entry; this is first internal NASA communication to show that engineers foresaw need for different options for re-entry and suggested discussing those alternatives; Rocha's request was apparently rejected, like similar requests for satellite imagery from at least one, possibly two, other groups of engineers; NASA officials say that they decided not to request aid of other agencies to obtain magnified images, based on report from Boeing that debris had not caused life-threatening damage, and because they believed images from satellites or telescopes on ground might not be clear enough to assess damage (M)
In an unusual promotion aimed at women ages 18 to 49, the Kimberly-Clark Corporation, the maker of Kleenex, and TNT, part of the Turner Broadcasting System division of AOL Time Warner, are collaborating to capitalize on the impulse to use tissues to wipe away tears of joy or sadness while watching films.
Seventeen years after General Motors pulled out of South Africa because of the country's policies of racial segregation and pressure from shareholders, analysts say it is still hard to count the costs of the company's decision to divest.
The witness, Joachim Kempin, a Microsoft vice president, had been reciting the same argument each of the company's witnesses has offered over the last several months -- that the Microsoft Corporation had chosen to combine the company's Web browser with its industry-standard Windows operating system because the combination benefited consumers.
I sent e-mail messages to five eBay booksellers from whom I had purchased Trixie Belden books in the last month (not including the seller I had forgotten to pay, figuring I should wait until my check cleared before I pestered him further) to ask if they were planning to set up fixed-price storefronts.
Kodak's graphics business is struggling, as digital technologies continue to supplant the need for Kodak films.
''Microsoft has used its operating system as a marketing vehicle to the disadvantage of the customers,'' said a column in the German business daily Handelsblat.
A long-simmering animosity between the two dates from Johnson & Johnson's attempt to buy Boston Scientific in the mid-1990's.
At the Paris show, a global weapons bazaar, Boeing has been proclaiming the wonders of its new plane to anyone within earshot and has brought in members of the Italian Air Force to help it tell its story.
The Eastman Kodak Company drastically raised the company's planned number of job eliminations to 16,600 yesterday, saying the 10,000 figure announced only a month ago was just an estimate and that managers had since found more positions they could cut.
Mr. de Vink said in an interview from his office yesterday that even after meeting with William C. Steere, Pfizer's chairman and chief executive, almost two weeks ago, Pfizer has stopped short of a real offer.
The Intel battleship is turning.
Some creditors of Enron have argued that the multifaceted roles of J. P. Morgan and Citigroup should prevent the banks from serving on a committee representing the company's creditors in bankruptcy court.
Of the votes cast by members of the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers, which represents 44,300 of Boeing's 207,000 employees, 86 percent, or 26,842, were for the contract.
Correction:  February 27, 2002, Wednesday  An article in Business Day yesterday about the cooperation of Citibank and Bank of America the investigation of a currency trader in Maryland whose employer says he tried to hide huge losses misstated the amount lost by the trader.
The commission is still investigating the other possible charges against Intel and has not decided whether to present additional cases.
For Comcast and other cable companies, News Corporation now poses a dual threat.
While Chevron and other oil companies are investing $20 billion to develop the Tengiz field, transportation has been a major problem.
Although few Wall Street naysayers emerged on the deal, positive reaction could not save Kodak's stock from sliding in reaction to jitters about shaky economies in Asia.
Of course, Microsoft is not giving away its patent for nothing.
Perhaps more worrisome for Wal-Mart in the long term was the performance of its domestic stores, by far the largest division.
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter formally introduces overhaul of its online brokerage operation, matching revamping Merrill Lynch began in June and expects to complete by Dec 1; full-service firms are cutting prices; Morgan Stanley and Merrill will charge $29.95 for Internet trades for cost-sensitive, do-it-yourself investors, though that level is still several times that of their lowest-priced rivals on line (M)
In mid-December, Moody's lowered the company's ratings to A3 from A1.
General Motors Corp, still struggling with the aftermath of two strikes, reports that car and light-truck sales fell 36.4 percent in August; at same time, Ford Motor Co reports a stronger-than-expected 8.1 percent increase in sales; GM's lower sales push industry down, even though nearly all auto companies selling vehicles in United States report higher sales; vehicle sales for month total 1,229,989 cars and light trucks, decrease of 6.6 percent compared with sales in month year earlier (M)
Mr. Weitzman said that among carmakers, Ford Motor and General Motors have been particularly aggressive online.
In yesterday's conference call, Mr. Condit said the decision to leave had been his and it followed about a week and a half of lengthy discussions with the Boeing board.
The Intel Corporation yesterday reversed a plan to activate an identifying signature in its next generation of computer chips, bowing to protests that the technology would compromise the privacy of users.
The two companies yesterday confirmed Yahoo's plan to buy Oddpost but disclosed few details; Yahoo is expected to pay close to $30 million for the company.
acknowledged in the complaint that the investment climate of the 1990's provided a motive for Xerox to take the steps it did.
With evidence mounting that Propulsid could interfere with the heart's electrical system, government regulators became increasingly confrontational with Johnson & Johnson executives.
Chemical operations at Exxon Mobil and the other companies were weak, in large part because of high prices for natural gas, which is used to run chemical plants.
In a statement, a Coca-Cola spokesman said: ''We believe Pepsi's poor performance in Italy is due to their lack of commitment and investment there.
Roy Vagelos, the well-known former chairman of Merck & Company and one of the industry's most prominent boosters, now condemns drug makers for the ''exorbitant'' prices of new medicines and ''galloping'' annual increases of old ones.
Morgan Stanley had intended to syndicate the bank loan to other institutions, but it was not able to do so, and says it lost $300 million on the deal.
Prosecutors in Milan investigating collapse of Parmalat place Bank of America, Citigroup, Morgan Stanley, UBS, Deutsche Bank, Banca Popolare di Lodi and fund management arm of Banca Intesa under investigation for price manipulation; prosecutors are seeking to establish how much banks knew about Parmalat's financial condition in months before its collapse in December (M)
He criticized the judge's logic, saying that the damage relative to Microsoft's earnings had no bearing on the case.
AT&T's name, they say, lacks the luster it had before the company was broken up in 1984.
In a ''statement of objections'' presented to Microsoft in August, the commission said that the company had abused its monopoly power by withholding technical information that rivals needed to allow their software to run smoothly with Microsoft's industry-standard Windows operating system.
National executives said that fierce price wars between the Intel Corporation and Advanced Micro Devices Inc. had made the PC business unprofitable, and that National's losses from PC chips had kept the whole company in the red for the last year.
Next has reportedly been working on a version of Java, but at the Friday evening news conference convened to announce the merger, Gilbert F. Amelio, Apple's chairman, said he would defer disclosing specific details of the new Macintosh operating system until Jan. 7 at the Macworld trade show in San Francisco.
And though Time Warner does not have a separate company related to the Internet, Mr. Levin did not rule out creating one.
''Given where Apple's come from in the last 24 months, having a quarter where we're going to miss and still being able to report $75 million to $85 million in earnings is progress.''
Eastman Kodak says SARS epidemic in Asia has decimated sales in China, one of company's few bright spots until now; says second quarter earnings from continuing operations will be 25 to 35 cents per share--less than half 60 to 80 cents company forecast in Aporil and down from 68 cents that analysts were predicting; sales of film in China were down 50 percent in April and May compared with months year earlier, and analysts say June sales are looking worse; weak economy in US and Europe has cut deeply into consumer travel, which in turn has hurt sales of film and prints; chairman Daniel A Carp comments; photo (M)
While the investigators have found what they regard as antitrust violations at Aon, they so far have found no evidence of bid rigging and price fixing, people briefed on the case said.
''I don't think it's the same thing, but it does appear that there was a malicious hack,'' Greg Shaw, a Microsoft spokesman, said of the latest problem.
Time Warner's cable systems cross the nation, but New York City appears set to become a prime battleground.
Quebec's labor relations board has rejected Wal-Mart Canada's claim that it closed a unionized store in that province for economic reasons, saying instead that there was evidence the store might reopen.
Coca-Cola Company executives have summoned Wall Street analysts for a hastily scheduled meeting tomorrow morning in New York, suggesting that the leading soft-drink company is about to deliver ominous news about earnings.
After Mr. Stern's attack, CBS filed its 43-page complaint, which accused him of ''multiple breaches of contract, fraud, unjust enrichment and misappropriation of CBS Radio's broadcast time.''
ImClone Systems is expected to reject the demands of Bristol-Myers Squibb to restructure their $2 billion partnership because it would eviscerate the profits ImClone would receive from its cancer drug, people close to the situation said yesterday.
Moody's Investors Service has lowered the underlying rating on nearly $1 billion in bonds for the new International Arrivals Terminal at Kennedy International Airport.
But Fred Anderson, Apple's chief financial officer, said that the second quarter was historically Apple's weakest.
But unlike the tire failures, this has not proven to be a product liability problem for Ford, because it is extremely difficult to sue an automaker for injuries that its vehicles inflict on occupants of other vehicles.
General Motors said today that two strikes in Michigan that have crippled its car and truck production were illegal, taking an unusually hard stance against its national union over local walkouts.
''Paul Pressler may be the wrong person to run the Gap,'' read the headline on a recent research report published by A. G. Edwards.
The move by Dow Chemical came just two days after its chief executive, Andrew Liveris, publicly denied a report in a British newspaper that it was in talks about a sale.
Pfizer would also become the largest drug company in Europe, where it is presently No.
Hundreds of union protesters rallied yesterday at the headquarters of Verizon Communications in Manhattan, asserting that the company was violating a labor contract in which it agreed not to fight organizing drives at nonunion operations.
Bankers say WorldCom will longer be able to raise money in anticipation of payments from its customers because it is in violation of terms of financing arranged in May; WorldCom raised $1.5 billion in May in financing backed by anticipated customer payments, known as receivables; WorldCom's lenders organize committee of nine banks led by Citigroup and Deutsche Bank; banks will then decide what information to request from WorldCom to consider additional lending to company (M)
Echoing its unfortunate decision with the iMac, Apple has not included a floppy drive with the new G3.
After the 2001 clinical trial, Merck tried to play down Vioxx's heart risks and delay changing Merck's warning label, he said.
THREATS AND RESPONSES: Briefly Noted; TARGET PULLS CARDS
In its first foray into Britain, Wal-Mart Stores Inc. agreed today to pay $10.8 billion in cash for Asda Group P.L.C., Britain's third-largest supermarket chain, thwarting a rival suitor at the last moment and threatening other British retailers with a potentially devastating price war.
The resignation of Louis V. Gerstner Jr., a man with a large presence, as chief executive of I.B.M.
On the one hand, the executives said, Interpublic is reluctant to risk a second high-profile repudiation if Martin is not picked again.
States Weigh Going It Alone In Legal Battle With Microsoft
In an unexpected turnaround, Adobe Systems called yesterday for the release of a Russian programmer accused of violating American copyright law after he helped create software that can crack Adobe's security software for electronic books.
Eliot Spitzer, the New York attorney general, submitted a report yesterday as part of his lawsuit against Maurice R. Greenberg, the former chief executive of American International Group, contending that Mr. Greenberg unfairly enriched himself and other A.I.G.
Under Judge Jackson's order, Microsoft would be broken into separate and competing companies, one for its Windows operating system and one for its other computer programs and Internet businesses.
The announcement came amid continually worsening conditions at Gap.
Pfizer Inc's teaser ads, intended to offer preview of new campaign for Viagra, are scheduled to begin Aug 11 as mobile billboards in Chicago, Los Angeles, New York and San Francisco; plans to introduce actual campaign in late August (S)
Yet in its antitrust battle, Microsoft has three levels of concern.
28 percent of investors holding shares of New York Times Company stock withhold votes for directors at annual meeting; cite dissatisfaction with company performance; Morgan Stanley Investment Management is only identified dissenting shareholder; seeks to eliminate company's dual-class stock structure; Times Company stock has performed worse than industry average in last two years; graph (M)
's chief operations officer, said he was surprised and disappointed by Nike's decision.
The British group's board took the action after reviewing internal documents provided to it in an anonymous complaint by individuals who said they were employees of Pfizer.
In its filing, Microsoft said that Judge Jackson's handling of the trial and his ordering of a breakup without separate hearings on sanctions ''cast serious doubt on the reliability'' of his judgment.
General Motors' North American operations moved closer to being shut down completely today, as strikes at two Michigan parts factories forced the company to idle 13,000 more workers and partly close a host of other parts and assembly plants.
European arguments about the companies' grip on music are likely to be stronger because worldwide music distribution is already dominated by a handful of giants, and the combination of a Time Warner music operaton with EMI would concentrate the industry more.
Three men accused of trying to sell an abstract painting for $135,805 on the eBay auction Web site last year were indicted yesterday on charges of taking part in a bidding ring that cost hundreds of art buyers a total of $450,000.
The company has been devoting ''significant time and resources'' to ferreting out people who make illegal copies of its copier products, said William A. Steenburgh, vice president for Xerox's consumable supplies business.
Marriott Reports Narrower Loss but Is Wary on Outlook
The Navy, which considered and rejected competing bids for Newport News from General Dynamics and Litton Industries in 1999, has wanted to cut costs in its nuclear submarine program.
Xerox Debt Is Worrisome To Traders
But he said Pfizer would probably attract some customers who now buy competing products, and the company expected to enroll some people whose illnesses now go untreated.
But that also means that Aon will not receive commissions that it had anticipated, further hurting earnings.
Medtronic also disclosed yesterday that Judge Gary L. Taylor of Federal District Court in Santa Ana, Calif., had issued an order barring it from using a spinal implant screw patented by Interpore International.
He is arguably the most senior industry executive to testify and the first to promote specific remedies, or penalties, should the court find that Microsoft engaged in illegal monopolistic practices.
Pfizer, the world's largest pharmaceutical company, pleaded guilty yesterday and agreed to pay $430 million to resolve criminal and civil charges that it paid doctors to prescribe its epilepsy drug, Neurontin, to patients with ailments that the drug was not federally approved to treat.
He has waged a private battle against Morgan Stanley for months.
Apple Computer had approached the British company in hopes of distributing the Beatles' music on iTunes, but Apple Corps instead accused the technology company of breaching the 1991 contract, arguing that Apple was essentially entering the music business with its service.
Alice Sheets Marriott, matriarch of the tight-knit family whose name stands on thousands of hotels worldwide, died on Monday in Washington.
While Morgan Stanley and Merrill Lynch made flashy acquisitions of such firms during the stock market boom, Lehman Brothers was forced to sit on the sidelines because of its relatively weak stock price.
Several people involved in the case said it was more likely that prosecutors would accept Morgan Stanley's arguments that the errors were unintentional.
Millennium executives suggested that Velcade would be especially important for Johnson & Johnson because the company does not have many other cancer drugs.
But William B. Barfield, a lawyer for BellSouth, predicted that A.T.& T. would not have an easy time making its case.
For any company, a meeting with Microsoft is often a charged affair.
The museum's director, Holly Hotchner, reports that many of the Graves designs on view are out of production and are in the collection of the Denver Art Museum, where the exhibition was organized and first shown -- before Target was a sponsor.
A year ago, at Wal-Mart's first conference for journalists, the company's chief executive struck a feisty, at times defiant, tone toward critics of the company's health care benefits and wages.
Earnings in Brazil were weak, Mr. Huber acknowledged, reflecting a recession there and price controls, which Aetna said were temporary.
Last year, in a high-profile procurement scandal, Darleen A. Druyun, once the Air Force's top weapons buyer, pleaded guilty to conspiracy and was jailed for having favored the Boeing Company in billion-dollar Pentagon contracts in return for employment there for herself and members of her family.
''The last time I saw a public policy issue as important and difficult as Microsoft decided under impossible time constraints and without a chance for adequate public review was when California passed its electricity deregulation bill,'' said Bill Lockyer, the California attorney general.
Federal appeals court refuses to consider its ruling that Microsoft illegally blended Internet browsing software with its monopoly product, Windows operating system; next stage contains deliberations regarding sanctions to impose on company (M)
The Lockheed Martin Corporation, the nation's largest military contractor, has had a streak of bad luck in the air.
Warden complained that one of them, requiring Microsoft to divulge technical information on Windows to other software companies, was ''confiscatory.''
The largest declines were suffered by the Interpublic Group in New York and True North Communications in Chicago after both warned that second-quarter earnings would fall short of estimates as clients cut marketing budgets.
While the judge's sweeping factual conclusions last November that Microsoft was a monopolist had practically guaranteed a ruling that the company had violated federal antitrust law, the decision today was somewhat more measured than had been anticipated.
News reports yesterday noted that Pfizer said in a Nov. 5 regulatory filing that the Food and Drug Administration had rejected an application to use Bextra to treat migraines.
Apple Computer will meet the Beatles' Apple Corps in court this week in London, where a judge will determine whether Apple Computer's iTunes online music service violates a 1991 agreement between the two companies that, the Beatles' Apple claims, blocked the computer maker from selling music.
So far this year, Citigroup shares have fallen 5.4 percent.
They were joined yesterday by Moody's Investors Service, which placed Interpublic's debt ratings under review for possible downgrading.
General Motors Corp says it earned $1.73 billion in second quarter compared with $306 million it earned from operations during same period last year, when there was a costly strike; net income hit $1.92 billion compared with $389 million during period a year earlier; revenue rose to $45.07 billion from $37.27 billion (M)
The judge's comments to the press, Mr. Gillers said, could well give Microsoft a basis for avoiding Judge Jackson's court in the future.
Douglas Kennett, a Boeing spokesman, said Lockheed's latest charges were ''regrettable'' and that they ''willfully mischaracterized portions of documents under seal.''
And Carnival Cruise Lines has cut the price of some seven-day trips departing from Boston by $50.
Union officials said Verizon was trying to pressure them into altering the expiration date of a contract for the 50 employees within Verizon Wireless who are unionized.
Citigroup Blocks Cards In 3 Nations After Breach
Verizon Wireless plans to increase its network capacity and take other measures to serve the emergency communication needs of the government, rather than carry out a limited form of priority access, according to a filing last week with the Federal Communications Commission.
Moody's Investors Service cuts its ratings on about $15 billion of Fiat debt to 'junk' status, despite Fiat's recent sales of assets worth more than $1.6 billion; Fiat concludes deal to sell 7.6 percent stake in Italian paper maker Cartiere Burgo; financial terms undisclosed; Fiat and General Motors, which owns 20 percent of Fiat's auto unit, say sale by Fiat of its GM stake will not affect option that allows Fiat to sell remaining 80 percent stake of Fiat Auto to GM after 2004; Fiat Auto chief executive Giancarlo Boschetti says Fiat will spend 2.6 billion euros ($2.7 billion) in each of next three years, and produce 21 new cars (M)
The board, composed of senior executives with long ties to each other and to Mr. Purcell, has been criticized for having insufficient contact with top Morgan Stanley executives, a view that Mr. Purcell rejects.
William H. Gates, the chairman of Microsoft, acknowledges that problem.
Yahoo's lawyers contended that the company was helpless and that it was technically impossible to identify Web users by national origin and block their access to sites.
Shares in Aetna, nation's largest health insurer, drop more than 17 percent after company warns that its first-quarter earnings will be significantly lower than expected; says its costs rose faster than expected because of increased use of medical centers, doctors' services and drugs; chief executive Dr John W Rowe says continued increases in medical costs are clearly unacceptable and do not reflect positive potential of Aetna (M)
The deal, to be formally announced today, is estimated to be costing Target $750,000 to $1 million in rent alone, in addition to production and maintenance expenses.
Saudi Arabia moves to end yearlong deadlock with world's biggest oil companies over $25 billion project to develop some of its largest natural gas fields, asking companies to decide by early October whether to continue talks under new, arguably more risky, conditions; some industry experts say Saudis are tiring of inching toward compromise; view stems from letter that Saudi Foreign Min Prince Saud al-Faisal sent to companies last week and comments earlier this summer by Crown Prince Abdullah that he wanted matter resolved quickly; oil companies involved include Exxon Mobil, Royal Dutch/Shell, BP and TotalFina Elf (M)
Pfizer Inc, facing competition from other drug makers, is looking for younger market for its erectile dysfunction drug Viagra; ad campaign was developed by Cline, Davis & Mann; photo (M)
The governor is eager not only to mollify the executives at Goldman Sachs but also to quiet a growing chorus of critics -- from Senator Charles E. Schumer to business leaders and real estate experts -- who have complained that the project seems derailed.
In the letter, Mr. de Vink wrote that Warner's board was ''disappointed'' that it was in such a dispute with Pfizer and that Pfizer's actions do not agree ''with the way we believe partners should treat one another.''
Moody's Cuts Its Ratings On Fiat Debt To Junk Level
Morgan Stanley now has to juggle an internal investigation, the District Attorney's criminal investigation and Mr. Curry's civil lawsuit.
Motorola Inc warns that earnings during current quarter will fall well below Wall Street's expectations, another jolt for investors in technology stocks who are already alarmed by Intel's similar announcement; Motorola attributes expected shortfall to weak semiconductor sales in Asia, while analysts say Intel's expected weakness hints at more fundamental shifts in market for chips that drive personal computers, of which Intel is biggest supplier; graph (L)
But Procter, no stranger to focus groups and customer surveys, asked visitors to the site what else they wanted.
Federal Judge Eldon E Fallon, in apparent setback for Merck, declares mistrial in Plunkett v Merck, third Vioxx lawsuit to reach trial, after jurors say they are deadlocked; panel had debated for 18 hours over three days; lawsuit was brought by Evelyn Irvin Plunkett, widow of Richard Irvin Jr, who dies at 53 in May 2001 after taking Vioxx for less than month; photo (M)
While the company would not comment on the lawsuits, Microsoft ''expressly prohibits discrimination,'' Ms. Willingham said.
The Interpublic Group of Companies, among the world's largest advertising agency concerns, said yesterday that it would postpone the release of its second-quarter earnings report by a week, sending the company's stock tumbling nearly 24 percent.
As for why the company had not mentioned it as more recent reports of problems with Coca-Cola products emerged, he said it was not clear that the incidents were connected, even though the same plant in Antwerp was involved.
The transaction, for cash and stock, is the industry's largest in three years, and it gives ChevronTexaco many undeveloped reserves in Azerbaijan, Indonesia and the Gulf of Mexico at a time when oil companies are having trouble finding new prospects.
''Microsoft has proven over and over that owning the desktop does not guarantee success in adjacent markets,'' said Mr. Winkler, the technology consultant.
Microsoft officials said they had not seen significant growth in interest in Java.
He is suing Wal-Mart for wrongful discharge, libel, invasion of privacy and intentional infliction of emotional distress.
It was under Mr. Condit that a chief financial officer, Michael M. Sears, engaged in illegal hiring discussions with an Air Force official, Darleen A. Druyun, who later worked for Boeing; both ended up getting prison terms.
Cisco executives have also said that $2.5 billion worth of equipment built for the Internet boom is still sitting on shelves, essentially worthless.
In contrast to Motorola, Intel provided few specifics in its announcement, instead making only an oblique reference to weakness in ''O.E.M.
Meanwhile, Intel's chief executive, Paul S. Otellini, told the same investor conference that competition in the chip business was continuing to put pressure on pricing, but he did not update the company's forecast of revenue from $8.9 billion to $9.3 billion.
Ford Motor President Denies Report of Feud
Former Dow Chemical executives Romeo Kreinberg and J Pedro Reinhard sue after being fired for allegedly holding unauthorized acquisition talks with third parties; case will examine involvement of J P Morgan Chase chief executive James Dimon and determine if incident was just excuse for Dow Chemical chief executive Andrew N Liveris to fire problem executives; photos; graph (M)
TMP said it would not engage in a bidding war for HotJobs.com, which it had agreed to buy six months ago, refusing to top Yahoo's unsolicited offer of $436 million.
Or it could mean showing that Intel's behavior convinced actual and potential chip makers that they could not survive because any computer company that needed to do business with Intel would be punished if it also bought chips from Intel's rivals.
Dr. Appel said the additional disclosures are necessary in part because Microsoft might publish raw data that would be useless without instructions on how to interpret it, like a driver in a car who has not been told that ''you must step on a brake while shifting out of Park.''
Microsoft Deal Worries Apple
Two years later, on July 14, 1993, the agency wrote to Andrew S. Grove, Intel's chairman, saying that the trade commission was dropping its long investigation of supposed ''unlawful tying or exclusive dealing practices or other unfair methods of competition.''
In the motion, Microsoft argued that since the company achieved its monopoly position by legal means, the government had no right ''to dismember Microsoft.''
Microsoft shall, when it releases a major Windows Operating System such as Windows 95 or Windows 98, continue for three years to make the predecessor Windows Operating System available for licensing at a royalty no higher than the existing royalty to any OEM that desires such a license.
Microsoft replies that the numbers cited in the study were arbitrary numbers, and that it could have also charged far more for the Windows upgrade.
Though A.T.& T. had been expected to embark on a series of layoffs, the cuts were bigger than many analysts had predicted.
But lawyers representing women with claims against Dow Corning said they were unhappy with the offer because, among other things, the women would not receive enough money and because those who decided to opt out of the settlement might have to wait years to see their day in court.
The not-so-subtle goal of what both sides said was a new era of cooperation between management and labor  was to avoid a disruptive strike at a time when Boeing, the world's largest aerospace company, is recovering from some of the worst operational turmoil in its history.
Microsoft researchers Gordon Bell and Jim Gray argue at meeting of National Research Council's Computer Science and Telecommunications Board that federal money would be better spent directly on scientific research teams that are largest users of supercomputers rather than on building and housing world's fastest supercomputers; propose shifting funding to vast data-storage systems; hold research will increasingly be data-driven and make use of inexpensive clusters of personal computers; others disagree, contending they overstate power of inexpensive computing clusters; photo (M)
Movie industry executives may be forgiven for thinking that the Viacom chairman was mad to let Tom Cruise go after a 14-year relationship simply because Mr. Cruise seemed a little off balance.
Coca-Cola Co and PepsiCo are caught in controversy in India over water consumed by their bottling plants in southern India; village government of Pudussery, rural community in Palghat district of Kerala state, has revoked water-use license of Pepsi bottling plant there because plant depleted community's groundwater to point of causing shortage; license is not due to expire until 2005; plant belonging to Hindustan Coca-Cola Beverages in nearby Perumatty was denied license renewal last month on similar grounds; company appealed to Kerala High Court, which reversed village's decision; Coke and Pepsi dominate country's $1.2 billion market for soft drinks; both companies insist they have not overused water resources (M)
''In a nutshell, Yahoo has fallen victim to its own success,'' Safa Rashtchy, a Piper Jaffray analyst, said Tuesday before the reorganization was announced.
With the new policy, though, employees ''are confused,'' said a former Wal-Mart employee who worked in the loss prevention department at a store outside San Jose, Calif..
Although Xerox has been steadily losing market share to Canon, which has introduced many new digital products this year, Xerox announced price increases yesterday of 3 percent to 5 percent on some of its highest-end and lowest-end digital products.
''We're in this together,'' Mr. Kellner said, adding that if Time Warner and  Tribune are unhappy with WB's executives, ''they can fire us if they want to,'' but that while they're in place ''we operate the business.''
Analysis of Bristol-Myers Squibb Co's financial problems; says analysts believe there are no easy or quick fixes for company's core problem: lack of new drugs to replace those that have lost their patent protection; holds some analysts fault management for not offering more information earlier on extent of problems (M)
Some Silicon Valley engineers and executives say that the Intel critics are being naive and have failed to understand that all devices connected to computer networks require identification features simply to function correctly.
Despite being a technology industry bellwether, with $20 billion in annual sales, Cisco has had the reputation of building its products by buying start-ups and exploiting and developing their nascent technologies.
For months, tension had been building as negotiators tried to resolve how much Time Warner should pay Disney for the use of three of its cable channels and whether Disney would renew Time Warner's right to carry the ABC network.
But both he and the majority of the family have long harbored a deep dislike for the way Mr. Murdoch runs his newspapers.
And Microsoft has settled others, most recently, for undisclosed terms, a licensing dispute with AT&T over access to the programming code underlying Microsoft's Windows NT software.
Boeing's overall earnings decline was primarily caused by a one-time after-tax charge of $219 million related to production problems plaguing the so-called next-generation 737.
Many analysts thought that Boeing would cancel the MD-95, just as it decided to stop making the other McDonnell Douglas models.
The executive who made Barbie into a megabrand stepped down from the top post at Mattel yesterday as the toymaker reported a loss for 1999 and continuing problems in its software unit.
Facing a sharp drop in demand for conventional film, the Eastman Kodak Company said it was speeding its transition to digital imaging while cutting costs in its film business by eliminating up to 15,000 jobs worldwide, more than a fifth of its work force.
Executives involved in talks reconstruct behind-the-scenes maneuvers that led to sale of MBNA to Bank of America Corp; it follows failed efforts by MBNA to be acquired by Wachovia, and crash of helicopter containing MBNA chief Bruce L Hammonds and others (M)
Jerry Yang, one of Yahoo's founders, said that many of the departures involved people whose positions had been eliminated during the reorganization or who had planned to leave after a long career at Yahoo.
Microsoft Loses Appeal
A Pfizer spokesman, Bryant Haskins, said the Chinese patent board disallowed Viagra's use patent because the application failed to provide information that was not required or requested when the company applied for the patent in the late 1990's.
For the first half, Interpublic reported a net loss of $22.3 million, or 8 cents a share, compared with a net loss of $34.2 million, or 6 cents a share, in the same period a year earlier.
No specific reason was given for the departure of Mr. Scannell, who has been at Viacom for nearly 20 years and who built Nickelodeon, the children's cable channel, into one of the nation's highest-rated cable services.
In another losing day for stocks, AT&T's shares fell 72 cents, to close at $8.80.
When facing that kind of evidence, I'm not surprised that I.B.M.
European Commission threatens to fine Microsoft more than $2 million a day unless it agrees to share more technical information with competitors; warning is latest salvo in commission's increasingly acrimonious dispute with Microsoft over just what company must do to comply with 2004 antitrust ruling by EU; move also points to growing gap between antitrust policies of US and Europe (M)
Dr. LaCorte contends that Merck sold Pepcid to hospitals for about 10 cents a tablet, but charges the government as much as $1.65 each.
A recent dispute involved a letter Royal Caribbean sent to travel agents in the United States urging them to protest Carnival's offer on the ground that the enlarged company would operate as a monopoly.
Microsoft will rest its case on Friday, and as the judge's questions this afternoon demonstrated, the trial has not gone well for the company.
The biggest markets for both Mediaone and Comcast are in territory dominated by the Bell Atlantic Corporation, the nation's No.
''We have no comment on the Morgan Stanley decision to settle.
RATINGS AGENCY WARNS INTERPUBLIC ON DEBT
Motorola said it shipped a record 2.4 million digital set-top boxes to meet demand from cable companies.
will not accept a system of tax benefits which give U.S. exporters, including Boeing, an unfair advantage against their European competitors.''
The chief executive of Citigroup, taking the offensive after weeks of negative publicity regarding the company's role in financing Enron and WorldCom, outlined to employees yesterday several changes in the way it does business.
It held that Mr. Kasky was entitled to take Nike to trial, where he could prevail if he showed that any of the company's communications had been misleading, either in what they asserted or in what they left out.
Europe's Court of First Instance rejects Microsoft's objections and orders it to offer version of its Windows operating system without its software for playing digital music and movies on personal computers; ruling only applies to Europe, but it represents first time since antitrust challenges to Microsoft began in 1990's that company will be forced to alter its software products and features with Windows; basic operations of more than 90 percent of world's personal computers are controlled by Microsoft's Windows program; ruling by Judge Bo Vesterdorf means that sanctions imposed by European Commission in March will now take effect RealNetworks, leading maker of media player software, describes ruling as step toward greater competition in software market (M)
Morgan Stanley's trading operations flourished, with revenue rising 13 percent; Goldman Sachs, widely known as the most aggressive investment bank on Wall Street when it comes to trading for clients and its own account, suffered an unusual reversal, with its trading revenue declining 12 percent in the period.
The AT&T Corporation said yesterday that it planned to close its 338 Phone Center retail stores next month, cutting about 2,500 jobs, as part of its preparation for splitting into three companies.
''My wife and I figured it out: three days,'' said Roger Doucette, 53, when asked how long he could afford to be on strike from his job as a trainer at a Verizon service center in Braintree, Mass.
''Far from being part of the Sunbeam fraud, Morgan Stanley was a victim of that fraud, losing $300 million when Sunbeam collapsed.''
Other agencies Coca-Cola will drop include two owned by the Bcom3 Group.
The states say Microsoft should be made to produce such a program to restore competition after an appeals court ruled last June that the company violated antitrust laws to defend its monopoly on operating systems.
Those agreements terminate on Dec. 31 and without a new agreement, Fox argued, the stations will no longer be available on Time Warner cable systems.
In the Nazi-occupied Netherlands, he writes, 73 percent of the Jewish population was deported and murdered, and the country had ''a well-entrenched Hollerith infrastructure,'' one to which I.B.M.
''Our performance was solid in a very difficult environment,'' said Apple's chief financial officer, Fred Anderson.
The disappointing market for pen-based computers will claim another victim on Friday, when AT& T plans to shut the operations of EO Inc., which was attempting to pioneer a wireless communicator.
But he seemed to contradict what he had said on Tuesday by stating in his letter that Morgan Stanley ''agrees the allegations are a matter of concern to retail investors.''
Oracle denies META Group warning that it might try to charge big corporate customers added fees for database software they have already bought; holds META misinterpreted for clients contract provision on how to count number of data streams company feeds into Oracle database; notes it earlier told META that it would not levy added fees based on misunderstanding (M)
Mr. Breen also said that cost-cutting efforts, which have already eliminated 48,000 jobs, or nearly one-third of Motorola's work force, would continue in the current quarter with a goal of cutting operating costs by another $200 million.
The new line is the first in a planned series of product introductions next year for Kellogg, which is struggling to reverse losses in sales and market share.
Lockheed Martin said the jet parts business had annual sales of about $250 million but would not disclose profits.
''Classifying Microsoft's pricing as predatory and anti-competitive,'' he stated, ''does not require reaching the difficult questions that are usually faced in predatory pricing cases.''
Intergraph executives say that Intel's decision to withhold technological data in a market that changes as quickly as the computer industry has been a serious corporate setback.
Correction:  August 4, 2005, Thursday  Because of an editing error, the Market Place column in Business Day yesterday, about a fight over the liabilities of a Barbados-based reinsurer, and whether American International Group or Starr International should assume them, misstated the position of A.I.G.
Some of that criticism was repeated last year, when Morgan Stanley held its meeting at the headquarters of its Discover credit card operation north of Chicago.
But Alan Bromberg, professor of securities law at Southern Methodist University in Dallas, said that the contribution did not look good for Citigroup.
Mr. Bay's agents at William Morris, meanwhile, detected Hasbro's hunger for more movies.
For four decades until 1977, General Electric dumped millions of pounds of the chemicals into the Hudson from its electric capacitor plants in Fort Edward and Hudson Falls, just upriver from here.
Microsoft Warns Europeans New System Could Be Delayed
Several times, Mr. Kuney asked Mr. Gates if he realized that the reason the states had proposed a particular restriction was because the Federal Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit had found that Microsoft's conduct violated antitrust laws.
''I think there's no question that Genentech is going to grow at a much faster pace than Amgen in the next, three, five, six years.''
It struck down the latest version of the policy this year in a suit brought by A.T.& T., the only company that still must file long-distance rates.
For the last week, the Government has been trying to play its selections of the Gates deposition in court, but drawn out cross-examinations of Government witnesses by Microsoft's lawyer, John Warden, had left no time.
Industrywide sales of large SUV's are down 43 percent in September from a year earlier, reflecting concern about gasoline prices; that is particularly bad news for General Motors and Ford Motor Co, which are dependent on truck-based SUV's; GM's overall sales fell 24.2 percent, and Ford's declined 20.3 percent; by contrast, Japanese carmakers report increases in September, propelled by passenger cars and smaller SUV's known as crossover vehicles; Toyota's sales rise 10.3 percent, Honda's increased 11.7 percent and Nissan's, 16.4 percent; tables, photos (L)
Susan L. Decker, Yahoo's new chief financial officer, said the company had taken an ''exhaustive'' look at the impact of struggling companies on its advertising revenue in light of the recent investor concern.
Warren Jenson, Amazon's chief financial officer, disputed Mr. Rowen's analysis.
Downtown Athletic Club, home of Heisman Trophy, is faced with extinction if its financial woes are not resolved; club was temporarily shut down following terrorist attack on World Trade Center and is still being cleaned of dirt that came in on Sept 11; this year's award ceremony will be held at Marriott Marquis in Times Square (M)
The questions and answers cut to the heart of Microsoft's key defense.
Melissa Abernathy, manager of public affairs for American Express, shrugged off the implied criticism.
W. Mark Lanier, a lawyer for Mr. Ernst's family, has repeatedly made that argument, which cuts to the core of Merck's defense.
Wal-Mart and its contractors are also accused of mail fraud, wire fraud, bringing in and harboring illegal immigrants and engaging in a ''pattern of racketeering activity'' to prevent officials from enforcing wage and immigration laws.
Analysis of ouster of Jacques Nasser as chief executive of Ford Motor Co; he worked his way up through company's interntional division and was turnaround expert known for costcutting, but he was undone by tin ear for politicking necessary to run company of Ford's size and by struggling economy, which has unmasked industry as increasingly cluttered and difficult business that has passed sales peak for foreseeable future; photo (M)
For Merck, which had never before built a laboratory in a downtown area, dealing with the Fenway neighborhood and the city of Boston on the rezoning of the campus property was far trickier, Dr.
Coca-Cola, not eager to share control of a big brand with outsiders, distanced itself from the pair and their Web site (eepybird.com).
Morgan Stanley took more risk in the first quarter than in previous quarters, but Guy Moszkowski, a securities industry analyst with Merrill Lynch, wrote, ''The firm arguably did not take enough risk in fixed income for several years, and at least this quarter was achieving an adequate return for its risk.''
Seeking to forestall an indictment, Wal-Mart Stores is in settlement talks with federal prosecutors who are investigating whether company officials knew that its janitorial contractors were using illegal immigrants to clean its stores, lawyers close to the case said yesterday.
As the day ended, Microsoft introduced testimony to rebut one of Dr. Tevanian's allegations, namely that Steven Decker, a senior executive of the Compaq Computer Corporation, had told another Apple executive that Compaq would not license Apple's popular multimedia player, Quicktime, because ''that would upset Microsoft.''
Yet the contretemps with Hasbro points to some vulnerabilities that come with being the mightiest talent agency in Hollywood, not the least of them the difficulty of minding what has become a very large store.
For one, it is likely to trade at a lower valuation than Coca-Cola Enterprises.
In response, last month Mr. Semel fired Yahoo's chief operating officer, Daniel L. Rosensweig, and reorganized the company's management, placing responsibility for advertising sales and some other business under Susan L. Decker, formerly the company's chief financial officer.
The hourlong annual meeting was Interpublic's 43rd, but the first since its litany of financial and operational woes began to unfold last August.
Hull pledged, but that does not mean that Yahoo will take down every online club that is subject to a complaint.
Most of the power lines that failed on Thursday came from Ohio Edison, but one came from Centerior, the parent of electric utilities in Toledo and Cleveland, which merged into Ohio Edison to form FirstEnergy in 1997.
Compaq, which faces many of the same problems as I.B.M., alienated dealers by announcing it would start selling directly last year.
The Campbell Soup Company, seeking to stem further erosion of its once-commanding lead in the American soup market, is beginning to respond to assertive attack advertising that has been appearing for more than two years on behalf of its primary rival, the Progresso brand of soups sold by the Pillsbury Company unit of Diageo P.L.C.
Chronic overproduction of the proteins ''has been linked to many inflammatory conditions, including rheumatoid arthritis, multiple sclerosis, septic shock, leprosy and tuberculosis,'' Celgene said.
In his direct, written testimony, made public on Friday, Dr. Tevanian contended that Microsoft had threatened to stop producing a new Macintosh version of Microsoft Office unless Apple reversed its position and favored Microsoft's browser, Internet Explorer, over Navigator, the market-leading browser of the Netscape Communications Corporation.
In addition, there was a charge of $11 million related to asset impairment at the Interpublic motor sports division, which is being dismantled after suffering large losses.
Alex J. Mandl, AT&T's executive vice president in charge of communications services, acknowledged some of the past difficulties in forging global ties but said the new deal would give AT&T access to Europe.
Nevertheless, Rob Glaser, a former Microsoft executive who founded RealNetworks as Progressive Networks in 1994, said he believed the strategy was good for both Microsoft and consumers.
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission determines that Morgan Stanley Dean Witter fired Allison Schieffelin, who worked in covertible bond department, as retaliatory move after she accused company of sexual discrimination; finding means that commission may file suit against Morgan Stanley if firm does not settle matter; Schieffelin can take part in that suit or pursue litigation separately; Schieffelin was dismissed in October, soon after Morgan Stanley's formal talks to settle matter with EEOC ended, and four months after commission found that Morgan Stanley discriminated against women and that Schieffelin had been denied promotion to managing director because of her sex; Morgan Stanley says Schieffelin was fired 'as the result of disruptive and insubordinate behavior toward her direct supervisor'; photo (M)
Last year, according to Wal-Mart's new ethical standards report, the company cut off 1,200 factories for at least 90 days because serious violations were found on two separate visits.
Donald S. MacNaughton, an insurance and health care executive who, from the late 1960's to the mid-1980's, ran two of the nation's biggest companies -- first the Prudential Insurance Company of America and then the Hospital Corporation of America -- died on Sunday in a hospital in Greenwich, Conn.
But the future poses its own uncertainties for the Bell companies: BellSouth, Qwest Communications, SBC Communications and Verizon Communications.
Why file criminal charges against a lone video retailer, Mr. Spencer argued, when some of the biggest corporations in America, including a hotel chain whose board of directors includes W. Mitt Romney, president of the Salt Lake City Olympics organizing committee, and a satellite broadcaster heavily backed by Rupert Murdoch, chairman of the News Corporation, were selling the same product?
93-356, and U.S. v. A.T.& T., No.
European and American utility companies are lining up to buy VEAG, eastern German power company that has debt of more than $2 billion after spending nearly $8 billion rebuilding dilapidated power system in Lippendorf; abrupt deregulation of electricity market forced VEAG to reduce its prices by nearly half in last year, causing it to lose nearly $800 million in 1999; potential bidders for VEAG, which is owned by wesern German utilities, include Atlanta-based Southern Co, Hamburg's electric utility, whose biggest shareholder is Swedish power conglomerate Vattenfall, Minneapolis-based NRG Energy, Spain's Endesa and Germany utility backed by Electricite de France; graph; photo (M)
It seems doubtful that either the major media companies or the consumer electronics makers would allow themselves to become overly dependent on Microsoft technology.
THE Kellogg Company, wounded in the cereal wars, is returning fire by dusting off its own time-honored strategy of promoting health claims.
Dr. David P. Franklin, a former employee of Warner-Lambert, a company acquired by Pfizer in 2000, has asserted that the company aggressively promoted Neurontin, an epilepsy drug, for more than a dozen medical conditions where the drug's use had not been approved.
In a performance that many on Wall Street took as a disappointment, Wal-Mart Stores said yesterday that its earnings for the third quarter fell a penny short of analysts' estimates.
Yes, replies Microsoft, but never to the point of allowing alternative shells that hide the Windows desktop.
Sites will pay from $10 to $49 for each Web page indexed and from 15 cents to $1 each time a Yahoo user clicks on a link to their sites.
Verizon officials responded that the company was in no way violating the neutrality agreement.
NBC and TNT have been paying an average of $200 million annually for Nextel Cup and Busch races but have lost tens of millions of dollars.
She said Oracle had explained this to META several weeks ago and indicated at the time that Oracle would not levy additional fees based on the misunderstanding.
''This concludes our investigation of Bank of America,'' Mr. Spitzer said, adding that people who have worked at the bank could still face civil or criminal penalties.
That practice seemed misguided, as did the lack of a keyword search box on Gap.com.
But a spokesman for Wachovia said the bank did have a policy forbidding the practice, which took effect for all of the Prudential brokers as of last month.
Yet it comes as other forces are also weakening Microsoft's grip on desktop computers.
Apple Says Shortage of Chips Will Weaken Results for Quarter
Halliburton Credit Rating Is Cut, Again on Worry About Asbestos
Microsoft Corp plans to open up its online identification system to make it compatible with competing offerings under development by companies like America Online and others; move comes after criticism from privacy groups, competitors and some industry analysts that Microsoft's identification system, called Passport, could result in company's holding trove of personal information on many millions of people and give Microsoft dominant role in Internet commerce (M)
And though Time Warner was ahead of its old-media colleagues in creating Pathfinder, an umbrella site on the World Wide Web for all of its properties, the venture lost millions of dollars and was scrapped last year.
Anybody who has wondered why the world's biggest banks have been scrambling for a foothold on Wall Street need look no further than the Goldman Sachs Group's latest earnings report.
The FirstEnergy Corporation, an electric utility holding company that has been buffeted by bad news this summer, reported yesterday that its cash position had fallen sharply during the second quarter.
Apple Computer Inc, struggling to reverse severe slump in sales and profits, will review domestic portion of its worldwide account, handled since 1986 by BBDO West, with billings estimated at $80 million to $90 million; BBDO West resigned from assignment, effective Septemnber 30, ending longtime relationship (Advertising) (M)
Article on Citigroup chairman Sanford Weill, who has been forced to watch from sidelines as financial services empire he painstakingly built over two decades is slowly dismantled; Weill stepped down as chief executive of Citigroup two years ago; has been blamed for host of regulatory and ethical lapses that occurred on his watch that have damaged bank's reputation; under Weill's hand-picked successor, Charles O Prince, Citigroup is struggling to find its way as its once-soaring stock sags and its earnings performance becomes increasingly erratic; graph; photos (M)
The broad decline in the technology-heavy Nasdaq index was led by Intel, which continued to drop today after its after-hours plunge on Wednesday, finishing at $75.625, down $10.8125 from Wednesday's close, which came shortly before Intel's announcement.
Dr. George Demetri, an oncologist at the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute and Harvard University, who has also consulted for both Amgen and Johnson & Johnson, said the proposed restrictions ''seem very strict,'' though he added that Medicare might have evidence that he was not aware of.
The verdict was the first time a New Jersey jury has awarded punitive damages against a drug company and automatically causes the case to be referred to the state attorney general for a possible criminal investigation of Merck's conduct.
But that consistency may now lead investors to worry that Citigroup is managing its earnings to meet expectations, said Thomas K. Brown, who heads Second Curve Capital, an investment firm specializing in financial services stocks.
But the stronger-than-expected showing belies the more serious worries that have surrounded Motorola, which has seen its revenues and stock price hammered in recent quarters on slackening demand at home and abroad for its cellular telephones and computer chips.
Dr. Rowe said in a telephone interview that part of the problem was Aetna's failure to recognize the higher density of expensive members and raise premiums accordingly as its customer mix changed.
But technologists say that the Microsoft patent is a worrisome symptom of a much larger problem.
Mr. Topacio, who worked for another computer company before I.B.M., also said that such violations were commonplace in the industry, where workers typically earn $40,000 to $60,000 annually.
is that many of the quality-control problems it turned up last summer during the factory inspections at Spencer, Maple Grove and Natick were all too similar to shortcomings it had warned Boston Scientific about earlier in the year after inspecting factories in Glens Falls, N.Y., and Watertown, Mass., and a distribution center in Quincy, Mass.
Market Place column on Intel Corp's impending antitrust problems, as result of its dominance of chip business; Federal Trade Commission is expected to file suit against company; antitrust action will have little impact on Intel's business at first; over longer term, being embroiled in battle with Government could take its toll; FTC investigated Intel previously, but took no action; this leads analysts to suspect Government must have great confidence in its case now or it would not contemplate taking action that might result in failure; Intel could suffer greatly if Government suit results in guidelines on company's technological advancements; even without FTC pressure, Intel faces increased competition and a computer market that is becoming saturated; graph (M)
Perhaps no search site is in as delicate a position as Yahoo, which features Travelocity exclusively as the booking engine in its travel section, in exchange for $64 million in total advertising fees during 2004 and 2005.
Eric B. Upin, a software analyst with Robertson Stephens, said that while Oracle's earnings were essentially in line with the lower projections made two weeks ago, the company's announcement gave other reasons for pause.
To avoid overheating and damaging the computer's electronics, for example, Apple recommends that users do not stack Minis on top of each other.
Prince has become increasingly frustrated with the seeming drumbeat of ethical and regulatory lapses at Citigroup.
In the government's view, Microsoft is trying to change the subject with arguments like these.
''Pfizer took the opportunity presented by the chaos caused by the civil and medical crises in Kano to accomplish what the company could not do elsewhere -- to quickly conduct on young children a test of the potentially dangerous antibiotic Trovan,'' said the suit, which was filed yesterday by Milberg Weiss Bershad Hynes & Lerach, a New York law firm that specializes in representing groups of plaintiffs against large corporations.
Its research, Microsoft said, found that many consumers found an icon-strewn desktop screen to be confusing.
The jury award was for Merck to pay $253 million to Carol Ernst, Mr. Ernst's widow, including $229 million in punitive damages.
Bank of America's track record in Brazil has not been the best, said Carlos Coradi of EFC, a banking consultancy in So Paulo.
None of that is expected to be much affected by the outcome of Microsoft's court battle in Washington with the Justice Department.
The need for a comeback may be why Citigroup is willing to pay a sizable premium for Nikko.
He maintains that there is little overlap between Honeywell's and General Electric's customers, but he notes that European officials are more concerned that competitors are uncomfortable with the prospect of facing a new behemoth.
''It is surprising and incredibly short-sighted of Nike to pull their sneakers from Sears,'' said Debbie Millman, president of the New York office of the Sterling Group.
Patents column notes United States Patent and Trademark Office is beginning to issue spate of patents that were applied for several years ago when Internet was just becoming commercially viable; some fear these patents threaten very architecture underlying on-line world; World Wide Web is in many respects result of innovation that is by definition collaborative; particularly worrisome is patent just issued to Microsoft Corp covering fundamental technology adopted by World Wide Web Consortium, nonprofit group working to standardize Web (M)
(When a reporter tried the system at home, however, the process stalled because of a mismatch between the version of Microsoft's antipiracy software expected by the Netflix viewer and the one loaded in the PC, and it took about 15 minutes to fix the problem with the help of a customer-support specialist.
Ilyushin, a homegrown company, failed to keep up with Boeing and Airbus and retreated from the passenger aircraft business.
Several lawsuits have been filed since Thursday, including a class action against Merck Frosst, the Canadian subsidiary of Merck, brought by a consumers' group in Quebec.
The moves are also meant to shake the perception that CBS is mired in its old-media legacy while Viacom's MTV Networks division, which has several mobile ventures around the world, is ahead of the curve.
He seemed to be defining the cable business narrowly to exclude programming, since Microsoft already has a sizable joint venture with NBC in MSNBC.
Because Interpublic recently lost a major media assignment from General Motors, the added loss of Bank of America is discomforting.
Pfizer filed an amended complaint in Delaware Chancery court yesterday that could hasten the removal of both roadblocks.
Whatever the differences among the three competitor suits, all make the same contention that lies at the heart of the Federal-state antitrust suit against Microsoft: they argue that the company has tried to use its dominance to forestall competition.
In the end, the AOL-Time Warner merger probably does not hinge on resolution of the instant messaging dispute.
But Yahoo has come under increasing pressure from conservative religious groups to sever its ties to sexually oriented online stores and advertisers.
Lego, toy company, reportedly plans to replace virtually all of its Hewlett-Packard computer systems by end of year with broad suite of hardware, software and services from IBM; centerpiece of deal is accord that lets Lego pay IBM based on amount of computing power it is using (M)
The state medical associations of California, Georgia and Texas joined individual doctors from seven states yesterday in a federal lawsuit that accused eight health insurers, including Aetna Inc. and the Cigna Corporation, of engaging in ''a pattern of racketeering activity'' to deny necessary medical care.
Amazon.com introduces department where its shoppers can book travel and buy travel-related merchandise; section includes links to reservations from Expedia.com, big travel site controlled by Microsoft Corp; it also has links to Hotwire.com, which offers restricted discount tickets, and tour packages from National Leisure Group; graph (S)
Jeffrey P. Bezos, the company's chairman, was quoted in the article saying that Amazon had never been in better shape.
AFTER warning investors last month that its revenue would not meet earlier expectations, the Intel Corporation reported third-quarter numbers yesterday that beat analysts' lowered forecasts.
On the other hand, the executives said, as stewards of a publicly traded company, Interpublic managers cannot allow wounded pride to overrule their duty to shareholders to pursue new business.
Mr. Drury first approached Waste Management about merging immediately after Mr. Miller became the company's acting chairman and chief executive last Oct. 1, Mr. Miller said in a telephone interview today.
During the first quarter of its fiscal year, Apple reported a loss of $8 million, or 2 cents a share, hurt in part by a $17 million charge against earnings for discontinued operations.
Yesterday was the third time this year that Kodak, which is based in Rochester, has pulled back on earnings forecasts, and investors punished the stock, sending shares down $3.22, or 10 percent, to $28.77.
Nearly 6,000 workers went on strike this evening at a General Motors factory in Flint, Mich., joining fellow strikers at a nearby G.M.
Marriott International and Host Marriott, two closely related companies that manage and own Marriott hotels, signed the settlement late on Wednesday evening with lawyers representing thousands of limited partners who had sued the companies.
The Fed, which regulates banks, suggested in March that Citigroup should put off making any ''significant'' acquisitions for the near term, while the bank's management is preoccupied with tightening controls after a series of compliance problems at several of its businesses.
Henri Richard, chief sales and marketing officer at Advanced Micro, moved Monday to deflect concern that Sun's deal with Intel would hurt the company, which less than two weeks ago issued a warning that it would miss Wall Street's quarterly earnings targets.
Prince as he continued to try to streamline Citigroup's businesses and shore up its global reputation by settling shareholder lawsuits.
The sharp increase in gasoline prices -- the average price nationally is now $1.94 a gallon -- has drained roughly $7 a week from the wallets of Wal-Mart's customers, he said.
The Intel Corporation warned today that its third-quarter revenues were likely to be below the company's previous expectations, primarily because of weaker demand for the company's microprocessing chips in Europe.
Action Alley members, assuming Wal-Mart would be a target of criticism during the union gathering, arranged for Wal-Mart to hold its own news conference the day before.
The substantial reduction in ad spending ''is unfortunate, but it has become necessary because we are in a cash conservation mode,'' said Philip Guarascio, vice president and general manager for marketing and advertising at the North American operations of General Motors in Warren, Mich.
Senior NASA officials have said the Boeing report dispelled any major doubts that they had about the risks posed by the damage.
And Wal-Mart is facing growing resistance to new urban stores, with high- profile defeats in Los Angeles, Chicago and New York.
Sun, based in Mountain View, Calif., continues to lose market share to Dell and I.B.M.
Despite its apparent uphill battle, Microsoft made no new arguments at the closed hearing on Wednesday, people at the hearing said.
Citigroup and J P Morgan Chase, biggest lenders to Enron Corp when it collapsed late last year, did not see end coming; banks have been lending Enron money since mid-1980's; Citigroup disclosed last week that its exposure to Enron exceeded $1 billion; J P Morgan Chase had even more exposure to Enron at end; ties have been so broad and deep that it is possible one or both of banks will have made money from Enron even after big losses they estimated they would suffer; together, they took more than $680 million in charges against their fourth-quarter earnings to cover potential losses related to company (M)
Medtronic accused Dr. Michelson of failing to recognize the extent of its rights to his inventions and interfering with its business by trying to market them to competitors.
No one from Microsoft was available on Sunday to comment about the demonstration.
Toyota, General Motors and seven other automakers filed suit on Tuesday to block California's new greenhouse gas regulation, which was approved by the state in its final form in September.
Enron Corp dismisses 4,000 employees and secures $1.5 billion in financing to keep its main businesses going while it reorganizes in bankruptcy court; layoffs cause fresh anger among employees, whose 401(k) retirement plans have lost $1.2 billion this year; new credit line is provided by J P Morgan Chase and Citigroup, its lead banks; Justice Department reportedly initiates criminal investigation into company's activities; Dynegy Inc, which Enron sued for backing out of merger agreement, strikes back with its own lawsuit alleging that Enron's suit is just one more example of its failure to take responsibility for its own demise; photos (M)
Omnicom says it has no control over Scirex.
A survey of employees revealed negative attitudes persisted among minorities and women about fairness and commitment to diversity within Coke.
Shares of Adobe Systems Inc. slid 13.3 percent after the graphic design software maker warned that it would miss its earnings and sales forecasts this quarter.
He said Medco's five-year contract with Merck, disclosed in its government filings, was problematical for its future business.
Rapid Restore Ultra from IBM stores backups of computer system, including software, settings and operating system in hidden hard drive that can be accessed in case of crash; photo (M)
But Cigna's property and casualty businesses are a different story.
EBay, which says it already has an adequate dispute resolution system, has not approved the Hartford-BuySafe plan and has declined to comment until its executives have a chance to review it.
Companies controlled by the News Corporation dominate satellite television in Britain and Asia, and Mr. Murdoch has waged an expensive and elaborate political and legal campaign to stop the EchoStar deal so he can buy DirecTV and fill an important piece in his media empire.
After Mr. Babbio issued his warning last week, competitors said they would resist tighter security measures if it made it more difficult for them to conduct operations within Verizon's central offices.
It remains unclear how seriously it will affect Coca-Cola over the longer term.
In an aggressive counterattack, Mr. Schultz came to Tokyo last week to announce plans to triple the number of Starbucks outlets in Japan to 1,000, many of them kiosk-sized outlets in subway and train stations.
A Russian judge convicted a provincial school headmaster on Thursday for using pirated Microsoft software in school computers, but declined to impose any penalty, saying that Microsoft's loss was insignificant compared with its overall earnings.
In June, a judge in United States District Court found Microsoft in wide violation of state and federal antitrust laws and ordered it broken into two.
People at risk are often older, Express Scripts said, and have a history of ulcers or other stomach problems.
One episode that fits the pattern, the prosecutors contend, was an effort by Microsoft to pressure Intel to shelve the development of multimedia and Internet software and to limit its cooperation with Netscape.
A.T.& T. BLOCKED FROM McCAW DEAL
Last spring Microsoft, International Business Machines, Sun Microsystems, Compaq and  America Online (and through it, Netscape) joined with MasterCard, Visa and American Express as well as several smaller companies to come up with what is now stuck with a horrible name: Electronic Commerce Modeling Language.
Southwest Airlines said its employees acted responsibly in a very difficult situation.
It is the eighth consecutive quarter of lower profits at Morgan Stanley, which has struggled along with the rest of Wall Street through an extremely rough period.
Lawyers for the Coca-Cola Company asked a Federal judge yesterday to punish the lawyers for four black employees who filed a racial discrimination lawsuit against the company, saying the plaintiffs' lawyers had falsely accused the company of shredding documents related to the case.
Ms. Ernst occasionally appeared tired during her testimony but remained composed throughout her time on the stand, which included a long cross-examination by Gerry Lowry, a lawyer for Merck.
Microsoft's rivals have argued that record companies and Hollywood studios will increasingly tailor their digital products exclusively for Media Player, because it will be the only software player they are sure that people will have on their personal computers.
Judge Martin W. Jenkins of Federal District Court in San Francisco issued the ruling last month in a lawsuit filed by six current and former Wal-Mart employees, who said they were denied promotions because they were women and were paid less than their male counterparts at Wal-Mart stores.
Priceline's business was also hurt by ''negative news stories about customer satisfaction and the difficulties of other e-commerce businesses,'' Mr. Schulman said.
Johnson & Johnson will market the device for use only in the portions of the lower spine for which it has F.D.A.-approved clinical data.
Those talks initially broke down because Wachovia wanted control and Prudential balked.
With many technology stocks in a monthlong swoon, jittery investors shed Microsoft shares with extreme prejudice.
THE MEDIA BUSINESS: ADVERTISING  Correction:  December 22, 1998, Tuesday  The Advertising Column on Friday about a marketing battle between the Coca-Cola Company and Pepsico in Venezuela misstated the country's area relative to Texas.
Mr. Tevanian of Apple stressed that the company would permit a ''gentle migration'' between OS 9 and OS X, allowing users to have both systems on a computer and to switch between them by simply restarting the computer.
Last month, Citigroup also said that it had suspended more than 1,200 pending foreclosures involving Associates customers after an internal review found ''serious enough problems in the way the loan was originated.''
Motorola Inc reports even sharper earnings decline for third quarter than it reported for second quarter, and warns investors that earnings in current quarter might be hurt by charges to cover restructuring moves aimed at cutting costs; in third quarter, company reports earning $206 million, down 58.5 percent from year earlier quarter; says sales slumped 6 percent, to $6.5 billion (M)
Prince will last as long as his strategy lasts -- or at least until Citigroup's board comes under attack.
Professor Farber said VeriSign's service was akin to running a dead- letter office for profit.
Mr. Dowley's departure, which had been expected, comes after trade publications reported that as part of Interpublic's efforts to cut costs, Interpublic was considering dissolving the group and having its units, including the Octagon motor-sports division, report to other Interpublic agencies.
Carnival has until Thursday to address the concerns of regulators, who warned in April that such a combination might hurt competition in the British and German cruise markets.
The drop was prompted by a statement from CSX saying it was discussing a post-merger sale of some of Conrail's assets to Norfolk Southern.
ADOBE FALLS AFTER SALES WARNING
European antitrust regulators rebuff offer by Microsoft Corp to include audio- and video-playing software of its competitors in form of CD-ROM's in boxes of new personal computers; proposal indicates Microsoft is actively pursuing resolution of long-running antitrust case; European antitrust officials in January drafted and circulated within European Commission final ruling that Microsoft had abused its dominant position in operating software (M)
Confirming the bad news it had warned Wall Street about last month, the Coca-Cola Company reported its fourth-quarter earnings yesterday, which showed that the global soft-drink giant suffered significant declines in volume and revenue in many parts of the world.
And, for the state, the settlement provides immediate cash rather than the uncertainty of gaining money through a jury decision, which could also be appealed by Morgan Stanley, adding even more years to this litigation.
Microsoft's expert economist, Kevin Murphy of the University of Chicago, is expected to testify this week that the answer is no.
Scott Cook, founder and chairman of Intuit, which is based Menlo Park, Calif., said that transaction-processing had become a distraction.
At one point, two Disney executives were asked to leave the Time Warner offices, and by late April face-to-face talks had ceased.
Still, getting on the wrong side of Wal-Mart is not widely viewed as an option.
After Exxon Mobil representatives reviewed a copy of the legal brief on the fund's Web site, the company issued a statement rejecting the accusations.
does not plan to fine Boeing for any of the problems found so far, she said, but could do so if it finds more problems.
Yet he questioned what weight might be given to privacy, consumer welfare and choice, when those conflict with Microsoft's business strategy.
Investigators are pushing to complete their work on Aon, the world's second-largest broker, with headquarters in Chicago, and could bring a civil lawsuit against the company within two weeks, said another person who has been briefed on the case.
Chemical industry executives comment on impact of Hurricane Katrina on their Gulf Coast plants; say that while some plants were damaged, repairs are proceeding quickly; say orders will drop for next few months, but demand will probably ratchet up quickly as rebuilding along Gulf Coast begins; Dow Chemical chief executive Andrew N Liveris comments; photo of DuPont technician (M)
''I view the biggest challenge for Microsoft going forward, now that it's in the position it's in, is changing its culture adequately to no longer consider itself to be the underdog,'' Stewart Alsop of New Enterprise Associates, a venture capital firm in San Francisco, told the Judiciary Committee.
Ford Motor Co, stung by accusations of racism for having used makeup to darken face of white stunt driver in filming of television commercial, says it will postpone making new commercials until after nationwide strike against advertising agencies is resolved; Ford also says it will review its makeup policies; Ford acknowledges criticism by actors' unions that its advertising agency, Young & Rubicam, darkened nonunion driver's face during filming of commercial (Advertising column) (M)
But after a weekend of reflection, investors seemed to decide that even a breakup -- the harshest of possible remedies -- would not be a disaster for Microsoft shareholders or the stock market.
One potential trouble spot for Cisco, several industry analysts said, is that its inventories have been creeping up.
also said that Xerox used improper reserves to inflate profits, a fairly common accounting violation.
For Microsoft, a $5 billion investment is a fairly conservative hedge against the uncertain future represented by ''broadband networks,'' in which households are continuously connected to high-speed data lines.
Should Wal-Mart lose the case or agree to settle it, the cost could run into billions of dollars, based on the sheer size of the class, analysts say.
''Somewhere along the line, Monsanto specifically and the industry in general lost the recipe of how we presented our story,'' said Will Carpenter, the head of the company's biotechnology strategy group until 1991.
Ms. Clark said Wal-Mart already had several systems in place that allowed employees to criticize company practices.
Tipping the company's hat to another legendary Microsoft product miscue, at one point a cartoon character of a computer user intones, ''Next to Microsoft Bob, you're the most annoying thing in computer history.''
On Friday, America Online sent a letter to Microsoft, demanding that Microsoft stop using its system but inviting the company to negotiate some sort of message exchange.
AT&T officials declined to indicate when telephone customers would be offered dialing access to the Internet services -- requiring a personal computer, a modem and a standard telephone line -- except to say that technical trials would begin within 60 days and would be available initially in limited areas.
Some of the day's losers included Wal-Mart Stores, which fell $1.75, to $48.34, and Pfizer, which fell 90 cents, to $44.10.
If the request for review is denied, Wal-Mart can challenge the class-action decision again at the end of trial, Mr.
Former Adelphia Communications executive Karen Chrosniak testifies that in May 2002, as Adelphia was heading toward financial collapse, company's former chief financial officer, Timothy J Rigas, misrepresented to Moody's Investors Service the terms of margin loans owed by his family; says that Rigas told Moody's that large margin loans taken out by him and other Rigas family members would not be called until price of Adelphia stock had fallen to $3 to $4 a share; says that Deutsche Bank had called in Regas family margin loan just a few days before Moody's meeting, when Adelphia stock was trading at $6 to $7 a share (M)
The newly discovered damage to the jackscrew was found on one Alaska Airlines plane in Portland, Ore., and another in Seattle.
A person close to Comcast disagreed strongly with that analysis, arguing that the bulk of the rate increases in recent years have come from increases in programming costs and the introduction of new services.
Ford Motor Co may acquire passenger car operations of Volvo AB, Swedish car manufacturer, for between $6 billion and $7 billion; would beat rival bid by Fiat SpA of Italy, in latest step in consolidation of global automotive industry; deal would leave Volvo mainly as maker of heavy trucks and buses; Ford would continue selling cars bearing Volvo label and would continue using Swedish workers; other recent acquisitions in automobile industry noted (M)
Earlier in the day, Citigroup had bought Eurobond futures contracts, but it was unclear how large those purchases were.
Speculation arose yesterday that Verizon could take control of Metromedia, a theory denied by people close to the companies.
This has substantially hurt employment of A.T.& T.'s union workers.
Lockheed Martin now owns most of the air traffic control company that was the main contractor in an earlier failed automation project for the agency, and the secretary of transportation, to whom the agency reports, is a former Lockheed vice president but has disqualified himself from Bush Administration decisions involving the company.
The proposed lawsuit charges that Intel illegally retaliated against four companies, including the Digital Equipment Corporation and the Intergraph Corporation, a maker of computer work stations.
From a financial standpoint, however, it might be hard to argue with CBS's decision to can ''Smith.''
General Motors' prediction of a loss in the first quarter and a new high for the price of crude oil were just too much for stocks yesterday, as the three main market gauges dropped 0.8 percent or more.
detected no actual security breaches, and it said Microsoft had not shared consumer data improperly with other companies.
In press releases yesterday, Express Scripts and Caremark each said that the merger it preferred could achieve $500 million in savings by cutting costs.
Right now he is sounding the alarm about Microsoft, which he says is trying to contort network software standards in an effort to dominate the future direction of the Internet.
Dismal results at DaimlerChrysler and General Motors entirely accounted for the decline as other manufacturers posted record sales, leaving it unclear whether a long-expected decline in sales had begun.
Procter has no relationship with MindShare, and uses media agencies that are part of the Starcom MediaVest Group unit of Publicis or owned by the Aegis Group.
But, Mr. Mattera said, the report argues that the low wages paid by Wal-Mart and the downward effect that has on wages at other retail operations, its negative effect on small businesses in the communities where it locates and its contribution to urban sprawl and traffic raise serious questions about the value of giving it sizable financial incentives to expand.
The Xerox Corporation is not satisfied with just being the world's biggest seller of new copiers.
Research paper by Profs Jeffrey Gramlich and James E Wheeler says ChevronTexaco evaded $3.25 billion in federal and state taxes from 1970 to 2000 through complex petroleum pricing scheme involving project in Indonesia; Chevron and Texaco, before merging in October 2001, each owned 50 percent of joint venture called Caltex, which produced crude oil in project with Indonesian state oil company Pertamina; paper says Chevron reduced its tax liabilities in US by buying oil from Caltex as inflated prices; ChevronTexaco says allegations are rehash of old issues that had been settled with IRS (M)
In fining Vonage less than Verizon had sought, the jury found that Vonage's infringement was not willful, meaning that Verizon could not collect triple the damages.
But Mattel also warned investors to expect disappointing financial results for the fourth quarter and the year, sending its shares tumbling nearly 27 percent, or $8.125, to $22.
Moody's Investors Service has also downgraded Interpublic's debt.
David V. Goeddel, chief executive of Tularik, said his company was not looking to be acquired but became comfortable with Amgen during the cancer collaboration.
Yesterday the jury hearing the case weighed in, ordering Morgan Stanley to pay Mr. Perelman $604 million in damages.
Both AT&T and Microsoft envision that the DTC-5000, a set-top box due this fall from General Instrument, will serve as a choke point for all the digital information flowing into and out of the home.
In addition to increasing pressure on on-line services' prices, AT&T's entry is likely to spur consolidation among Internet service providers.
The warning pummeled Frontier's stock, which fell $5.625 yesterday, or 21 percent, to $20.75, on volume exceeding 14 million shares.
The company, which is based in San Jose, Calif., recently angered online sellers when it announced that, starting Feb. 18, it would raise the monthly fee it charges them at eBay stores by 60 percent, from $9.95 to $15.95.
Exxon Is Preparing Return To Rebel Area in Indonesia
Suspicions that FirstEnergy might have caused the blackout led to a sell-off of its stock on Monday, when shares fell 9 percent.
Japanese yen falls for third day after Moody's Investors Service says it might downgrade Japan's triple-A debt; dollar rises as high as 142 yen before settling at 141.38 yen, up from 141.24; graph; chart (S)
Yahoo, Reporting a Loss, Looks for Joint Ventures
Observers were quick to note the irony of the brouhaha over the proposed merger of Staples and Office Depot.
At that time, Intel had warned that it was encountering weaker than expected European sales and a decline in gross margins from 53 percent to 49 percent.
They suffered a slight setback yesterday when Judge Kollar-Kotelly rejected a request to play videotapes in court of interviews with several Microsoft officials including the company chairman, Bill Gates.
The acquisition of the Pillsbury brands, which had sales of $6 billion last year and include Green Giant vegetables, Haagen-Daz ice cream and Old El Paso Mexican food, vaults General Mills into the No.
Also, in recent months courtroom battles over Boston Scientific's patents and technology -- most notably with its giant rival in stents, Johnson & Johnson -- have raised questions about the company's ability to enhance its current Taxus line.
AT&T's troubles are perhaps the clearest reflection of the deflationary funk that has settled over the entire United States telecommunications industry.
Still, some analysts had serious questions about the appraisal of Lin that AT&T had obtained.
There are risks for Boston Scientific in coming out on top of this fight, not the least of which is the possibility that it is paying too much for Guidant to ever recoup its investment.
After struggling unsuccessfully to produce new on-line information services aimed at businesses, AT&T said yesterday that it would turn the task over to Jim P. Manzi, the former chief executive of the Lotus Development Corporation.
Intel's Results Stir Unease On Chip Sales
Executives of Time Warner Inc and America Online do not plan to offer any concessions to clear their proposed merger plans when they meet with regulators despite unusually sharp criticism from European antitrust regulators; companies will try to refute European arguments that merged company would harm competition because of its enormous size; European Commission has sent two companies statement of objections, arguing that merger in its current form would allow companies to dominate online distribution of entertainment and of music, in particular (M)
The case is one of many such suits that have been filed in the last four years against retailers including Gap, Polo Ralph Lauren, Limited and American Eagle.
It was not surprising that Howard Stern wore a T-shirt that said ''I Hate Les Moonves'' for his interview with David Letterman on CBS on Monday night.
Wal-Mart Questions Motives Of Lawsuit by Labor Group
Attorney General J. Joseph Curran Jr. of Maryland has also expressed public doubts about breaking up Microsoft.
Analysts say that an obvious, if aggressive, next step would be for Microsoft to offer its $400 rebates for three years of service directly to consumers.
For example, Verizon Wireless was a major sponsor of the Yahoo ''mobile'' section, but was not happy with the number of customers it was getting.
In the hundreds of Vioxx lawsuits filed before Merck took the drug off the market, the action was primarily in New Jersey, where Merck is based, and the big states of Texas and California.
Then he concluded that Microsoft's aggressive tactics had harmed Netscape Navigator.
CBS fired Mr. McCrae in November 2004 after learning of his practices, and the stations in Rochester enacted new policies that required programmers to submit songs to be added to a general manager.
In defending the lawsuits, Merck has consistently taken the position that Vioxx can cause heart problems only if it is used continuously for more than 18 months.
To begin with, it was designed to work with the Power PC processor chip -- itself a break from legacy systems because the chip, jointly developed by Apple, Motorola and I.B.M., was intended to cut into Intel's dominance of PC hardware.
Amgen has the most to lose from any setback because it relies more heavily on the Epo drugs, which account for nearly half its revenue.
To the company's adversaries, the very name ''Microsoft'' suggests menacing power.
Mr. Wilson said that in the board presentation, Allstate executives acknowledged legal and fairness issues if agents were forced to leave without an option, and settled on the plan to dismiss and rehire agents.
For every Boeing accusation, Airbus has a riposte.
Study by Dr Francis K L Chan in New England Journal of Medicine says patients taking Plavix, popular and expensive antistroke drug, experience more than 12 times as many ulcers as patients who take aspirin plus heartburn pill; American College of Cardiology and American Heart Association recommend that heart and stroke patients at risk of developing ulcers be given Plavix instead of aspirin; Chan says study suggests guidelines should be changed, and that many of those who are taking Plavix should consider switching to aspirin plus heartburn pill because it is not only safer but cheaper; study is bad news for Sanofi-Aventis and Bristol-Myers Squibb, who co-market Plavix (M)
They thus rendered Netscape harmless as a platform threat and preserved Microsoft's operating system monopoly, in violation of Section 2.
''At Intel, execution is quite good,'' he said, ''so some of this is being disguised.
Raytheon argued that two of those involved detailed knowledge of the existing system, that only Lockheed Martin has because of its previous work with the F.A.A.
During the quarter, Cisco completed the acquisitions of Atlantech Technologies Ltd., JetCell Inc., PentaCom Ltd., Qeyton Systems and Seagull Semiconductor Ltd. for a combined purchase price, including assumed liabilities, of approximately $1.39 billion, and took one-time charges of $461 million, or approximately 6 cents a share, on an after-tax basis, as write-offs of purchased in-process research and development.
Mr. Ballmer is trying to avert a ruling by the European Commission that would brand Microsoft an abusive monopolist, possibly opening the company up to similar legal challenges elsewhere.
Controversy has arisen about whether all the COX-2 inhibitors might carry the same risk of heart attacks and strokes that caused Merck to pull Vioxx.
''It will be hard, but I think it's possible,'' said Mitchell Pettit, president of ProComp, a trade association representing many Microsoft competitors.
Regulators said that accounting fraud began at Xerox in 1997, and allowed the company to overstate its financial results by $1.5 billion over four years.
IBM will introduce version of its tiny Microdrive hard drive with storage capacity of billion bytes of information; IBM executives say new drive is milestone in evolution of magnetic storage because it surpasses same one-gigabyte barrier the company's original refrigerator-sized 3380 hard drive surmounted in 1980's (M)
The fraud inquiry is based on evidence provided by former MCI executives and on technical information supplied by AT&T and two other MCI rivals, SBC Communications and Verizon.
One Web site created to protest Yahoo's move has gone so far as to accuse the company of a widespread purge.
About four dozen former Coca-Cola employees and activists begin five-day bus trip from Atlanta to Wilmington, Del, site of Coke's annual meeting, to call attention to suit charging company with discrimination against black workers; organizers threaten possible boycott (M)
A jury in the Federal District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia ruled that Vonage violated three Verizon patents covering some of the technology that allows low-cost voice calls to be made over the Internet.
''Clearly, the analysts see some long-lasting problems at Xerox.''
Intel not only dominates the market for personal computer microprocessors, but its chips are used in more than 85 percent of the server computers that act as the hub of corporate networks.
Correction:  January 6, 1999, Wednesday  A chart yesterday with an article in the arts pages about fears that corporate mergers will lead to a reduction in total corporate donations misstated the year in which Exxon made the contributions shown.
If Unocal had decided to accept the Cnooc bid -- and the associated political risk -- Chevron would have had a much more difficult time regaining ground.
In particular, that issue may stick in the craw of Amos B. Hostetter, a cable baron who sits on AT&T's board and who is thought to resent the Robertses' stranglehold on Comcast's voting stock.
In July, the Pentagon punished Boeing for stealing trade secrets from Lockheed Martin, its rival, to help win rocket contracts.
Some critics say the plan is technically unworkable, unfairly undermines Apple and opens the door to more piracy by crippling technology that protects copyrights.
For a striving young media executive, a career path that takes one from Hong Kong to New York to this bucolic German town in the lowlands of Westphalia might not seem like an obvious way to join the ranks of moguls like the News Corporation's Rupert Murdoch or Viacom's Sumner Redstone.
For its part, Apple says it has no plans to sell computers preconfigured with Linux.
Lawyers for Coca-Cola Enterprises countersued B. K. Miller last November, accusing it of breach of contract, fraud and other offenses in connection with the transshipping allegations.
Starbucks previously sold a selection of books in its stores, but stopped a few years ago.
With American corporations under increasing pressure to cut costs and build global supply networks, two senior I.B.M.
Embattled board of Mattel Inc, which will meet on March 30, faces agenda that is likely to include company's depressed stock price, unsuccessful search for new chief executive and any further problems that might be lurking at Learning Company, troubled computer software subsidiary; company has been rudderless since chief executive Jill E Barad resigned in February (M)
Hopes for quick end to strike by more than 86,000 employees of Verizon Communications, nation's largest telecommunications employer, are dashed after unions reject parts of company's latest proposal; union is still at odds with management over issues such as mandatory overtime, stress levels and movement of work resulting from Bell Atlantic's $72 billion acquisition of GTE, which formed Verizon (M)
The biggest threat is Jemaah Islamiyah, the group linked to Al Qaeda that is considered responsible for the Bali and Marriott bombings.
A.T.& T. Loses In Patent Trial
In all, with similar offers at General Motors, about 70,000 auto workers, or one-third of those in American plants, have decided this year to leave.
Cisco Systems dismisses patent infringement lawsuit against 3Com Corp and Huawei, Chinese maker of computer networking equipment; Cisco sued Huawei in Federal District Court, Texas, in January 2003, claiming company infringed numerous Cisco patents and illegally copied some software code and documentation (S)
At one point in today's final arguments, he dismissed a crucial Microsoft defense by comparing the company to John D. Rockefeller's Standard Oil monopoly, the subject of the first major antitrust case, in 1906.
Shares of Coca-Cola fell 37.5 cents, to $62.5625, after losing about 3.5 percent at one point during the day.
But a Comcast executive noted that the company did not look at those holdings as part of its long-term strategy and assumed the more optimistic debt levels.
The Boeing Company said today that it would phase out two of the four lines of civilian jets it inherited when it acquired the McDonnell Douglas Corporation and that it was still uncertain about the long-term future of a third.
Uniform makers typically pay 8 to 12 percent of their revenues on Olympic products to the national organizing committees, a range that executives at Roots, Nike and other companies said was comparable between countries with high-profile competitors.
The industry executives added that Comcast has made no formal overtures to AT&T's management and that there was no guarantee that Comcast would go ahead with any offer.
It is unclear whether any of Verizon's regional telephone peers will make similar efforts.
Last year, Amgen licensed a diabetes drug from Biovitrum, a Swedish company, but executives revealed at Amgen's analysts' meeting last week that the drug did not perform that well in an initial clinical trial.
In the latest trouble, Mr. Watson said, the company had a problem with its e-mail distribution servers, which are powerful computers responsible for distributing to individual users the e-mail messages received by the Comcast system.
In the past, Microsoft's Pocket PC software, first introduced two years ago, has been criticized as cumbersome and hard to use.
Wal-Mart shocked the ad industry Dec. 7 by disclosing that it would cancel the results of the review and bar Draft FCB from participating in the new selection process.
Marriott International Inc., the hotel chain, said today that its fourth-quarter loss was narrower than a year ago, and it lowered its outlook for 2003 because demand for lodging remained soft.
National Transportation Safety Board investigator says board's experts are increasingly convinced that jackscrew in the tail of Alaska Airlines MD-83 jetliner was damaged before plane crashed off coast of California on January 31 killing all 88 people aboard and was factor in problems controlling aircraft before it plunged into ocean; diagram (M)
to respond to questions about whether the agency had ever scrutinized five companies -- Tyco International, WorldCom, Global Crossing, Qwest Communications and Xerox -- before problems like accounting irregularities and other disclosures surfaced in the past year, costing each company's shareholders billions of dollars.
Boeing's engineers have also begun to feel the pinch of lost paychecks.
But word scholars worry that the new pressures of the online market may end up favoring well-connected or well-positioned dictionaries -- some sniffingly cite Microsoft's Encarta -- over more authoritative lexicons.
The Boeing Company's largest union voted overwhelmingly yesterday to accept a proposed new three-year contract, averting a strike that would have dealt a blow to Boeing's efforts to recover from an embarrassing financial downturn.
Mark Tuller, a vice president at Verizon Communications, predicted at the conference that consumer demand for wireless spectrum would exceed existing supply in the next three to four years, and that the industry would need twice as much spectrum by 2010.
Officials and executives involved with the talks said that Microsoft had suggested a general willingness to modify or abandon several of its marketing and presentation arrangements that prosecutors find objectionable.
Citigroup's strategy appears to be to use the combination with Citibank to make Salomon Smith Barney a power in underwriting that it never used to be, while continuing the successful retail brokerage operation but avoiding risky trading.
While Target was not known for promoting tobacco with discounts or other promotions, cigarettes had been hurting its image in its home state of Minnesota.
Mr. Moore pointed out that in the 1980's a number of other companies tried without success to change the rules against Microsoft.
But Citigroup held on to the red umbrella, even though it had been associated with insurance for more than a century and Citigroup no longer had much, if any, presence in the industry.
An odd element of the review were the persistent reports in trade publications that Mr. Nelson was seeking to leave his post as Bank of America was deciding among the contenders.
His decision will provide the basis for further court hearings -- and possibly settlement negotiations -- to determine what legal remedies to impose on Microsoft.
California jury rules in favor of IBM in case brought by former employees Alida Hernandez and James Moore who contended they contracted cancer because they were exposed to dangerous chemcials at IBM's disk-drive factory in San Jose; verdict is blow to worker advocacy groups who hoped that jury would support their argument that electronics companies knowingly exposed workers to noxious chemicals in 1970's and 80's (M)
Contending that the two largest on-line booksellers are violating German laws against the distribution of hate literature, the Simon Wiesenthal Center has called on Barnesandnoble.com and Amazon.com to stop selling books like ''Mein Kampf'' to customers in Germany.
Microsoft's actions to counter the Java threat went far beyond the development of an attractive alternative to Sun's implementation of the technology.
That provision, an industry executive said, could be a loophole for Microsoft to keep information from a start-up with no track record, but whose technology could challenge one of Microsoft's products.
Another Step In Killing Deal For Honeywell
It was not clear yesterday exactly why BellSouth, the Southeast's dominant local telephone carrier, instead chose General Electric's Americom division.
The complaint was made by Robert Glaser, a former Microsoft executive.
Judge Murphy also faulted the way I.B.M.
Exxon Mobil now joins Royal Dutch/Shell, Chevron and Unocal, all of them facing litigation in American courts on accusations they abetted and benefited from human rights abuses by state security forces in nations like Nigeria and Burma.
And it is not clear that customers would be more likely to buy Microsoft applications software if that business was separate from Microsoft's Windows operating-system business.
Merck counters that both men had myriad other risk factors, including a history of smoking and blocked arteries.
He borrowed imagery from the movie ''Star Wars,'' referring to Microsoft as the Death Star and Netscape as the leader of a rebel alliance.
Bank of America's decision, which will result in a $1.25 billion after-tax charge in the third quarter, is just one of the changes made by Kenneth D. Lewis, who became chief executive in April, to recover from earnings disappointments last year.
GGT Group PLC acknowledges that it is in talks to be acquired after its Wells BDDP unit lost its Procter & Gamble Co account (S)
Late Friday, Aon said it would stop taking the payments from insurance companies; it received about $200 million in such payments last year.
Shell's Dec. 8 memo described Exxon Mobil's accounting treatment of reserves as ''probably the most rigorous of all majors across their global portfolio.''
''This leapfrogs anything Verizon is putting out,'' he argued.
The Motley Fool is expected to announce today that C. Patrick Garner, a Coca-Cola Company executive, will become its new chief executive.
''Investment bankers and lawyers don't want to work in an environment surrounded by flashing lights,'' David S. Solomon, the developer who built the Morgan Stanley building and then lost it in the recession, said at the time.
Intel and a rival, Advanced Micro Devices, cut prices throughout the year as demand waned.
Intel said today that it had no intention of lowering its pressure any time soon, even though it expects declining product prices to lower gross margins one percentage point this quarter, to 47 percent.
Microsoft has long argued that the browser, Internet Explorer, and Windows are one product, impossible to separate.
The Federal Government today accused Microsoft of violating last week's antitrust ruling, and argued that prosecutors should be given a rarely used authority to review in advance new products by the software giant.
A small Marriott International shareholder has sued the company, accusing it of failing to disclose crucial financial details about how it operates hotels and procures supplies.
Computer Associates' stock plunged yesterday after Moody's Investors Service said it might lower the rating of the company's bonds because its cash flow is falling.
''We are in a transition period that is very difficult, so we are causing some of the chaos,'' Mr. Hammer, a 36-year Boeing employee, acknowledged.
It is a variation of a proposal first offered last month by Senator Warner, who had been critical of the Air Force-Boeing lease plan.
The direct cause of the crash of Alaska Airlines Flight 261 into the Pacific Ocean was obvious from the moment the broken tail-control assembly was pulled out of the water, but the National Transportation Safety Board delved deeper in hearings on Wednesday and today, and found confusion.
William H. Gates, the chairman of the Microsoft Corporation, was rhetorically bobbing and weaving in the face of the combative questioning of the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, Orrin G. Hatch, at last Tuesday's committee hearings.
The feud between Nielsen and the News Corporation goes back several months.
Neither the Halliburton nor the Honeywell deals are final, and both could collapse.
Of course, Microsoft was not the first to encounter e-mail security issues, but its experiences pointed out the extreme vulnerability of this type of communication.
Growing delays in rail traffic since Union Pacific Railroad became nation's largest railway have cost Texas businesses $762 million, and losses could climb to $1.3 billion; report comes as Texas Railroad Commission seeks to force Union Pacific to give other railroads access to Houston market by selling about 250 miles of track there to association of carriers; Texas, with more than one-sixth of Union Pacific's miles of track, may be faring worst in congestion that has resulted from Union Pacific's merger with Southern Pacific Rail Corp last year (M)
The court also said Yahoo's display of the material in France had violated a section of France's criminal code, which reflects still raw memories of World War II.
Geoff Cook, a spokesman for Pfizer, said the company was trying to reach all men who might suffer from erectile dysfunction.
The Java announcement and Microsoft's desktop-icon requirements, one PC executive said, are ''just additional conditions imposed on us by Microsoft that we have to react to.''
And Hologic, despite its current focus on digital mammography and other methods for diagnostic breast cancer, has its roots in bone-scanning technology for early detection of osteoporosis.
Then, at a New Jersey diner, I overheard some people from Comcast, the cable company through which I had Excite@Home service, discussing the problem.
Coca-Cola's plan to start delivering Powerade beverages directly to Wal-Mart stores has prompted two lawsuits; group of 60 bottlers that represents about 10 percent of Coke's United States volume say move violates contracts and cuts them out of system; Coca-Cola says it is within its rights to choose alternate delivery systems; litigation may damage chief executive E Neville Isdell's attempts to improve relationships with company's bottlers; photo (M)
SEEKING to cast a spell on skeptical younger car buyers, the Ford Motor Company will center one of its largest recent product introductions on a ploy that could be called the Blaring Gurwitch Project.
Junkbusters, a high-tech lobbying group based in Green Brook, N.J., said in a statement on its Web site: ''Intel's proposal to put a unique ID code inside of every computer it sells will significantly reduce the level of privacy available to computer users around the world.
University of Southern California scientists, reporting in journal Science, describe use of DNA pattern-matching system to try to solve math problems previously thought to be impossible to prove; say experiment demonstrates practical feasibility of new computational paradigm; photo (M)
Analysis of first week of trial in which Merck is being sued by widow and children of Robert Ernst, Texas man who died after taking company's presciption painkiller Vioxx; says plaintiffs' lawyer's questioning of Dr Nancy Santanello, senior Merck scientist, as adverse witness produced some cracks in Merck's defense, but left it standing (M)
EBay's critics have long contended that the site could do far more to combat fraud.
Target stores were singled out as among the easiest places for teen-agers to buy or steal cigarettes in Minneapolis by undercover buying operations in 1992.
Since the two huge financial companies announced their intention to merge in April to form the nation's biggest banking, insurance and investment conglomerate, the combined value of Citigroup has fallen more than 50 percent, to an estimated $72 billion, as financial markets have been roiled by Russia's default, Japan's continuing economic problems, President Clinton's troubles and most recently by the near-collapse of Long-Term Capital Management, the big hedge fund in Greenwich, Conn.
''As part of the agreement, Huawei has stopped selling the products at issue in Cisco's lawsuit and will only offer for sale new modified products on a worldwide basis,'' a Cisco spokeswoman, Penny Bruce, said.
Apple, Google and Napster all declined to comment on the lawsuit.
During mediation required by the court, Intel agreed to pay $150 million if it loses the case and an additional $100 million if it files and loses an appeal.
Coca-Cola Enterprises lost $1.063, closing at $34.188.
For now, the outcome of Comcast's overture is uncertain.
Mr. Bourgeois has no direct involvement in the Microsoft case.
For weeks, Wall Street wondered whether Moody's Investors Service, Standard & Poor's and Fitch's, the three major agencies rating corporate debt, would drop Enron's rating below investment grade.
(Amazon refused to confirm the rumor last week.)
Lower interest rates bolstered second-quarter results at Citigroup and Bank of America even as their businesses showed some weakness from the softer economy.
Well, presumably AOL Time Warner content will no longer be pale yellow.
Already reeling from its worst economic crisis in 70 years, Colombia has had its credit rating bumped down two notches by Moody's Investors Service, to a level below investment grade.
Carnival Cruise Lines said today that there had been 108 accusations that crew members were involved in sexual assaults and sexual misconduct aboard its ships in a five-year period that ended last August, not 62 incidents as reported by the company two weeks ago.
He had opened a store on eBay called Afford Penny Sales, which listed a leather vest, a leather cap, pellets for a BB gun, pocket knives and a food processor for prices ranging from a dollar to $9.99.
Staples and Office Depot to Fight F.T.C.
One man explained that he recently backed out of a deal to buy a house -- not because he could no longer afford to do so, but because he just could not bear to cash out any of his Microsoft stock at $65, even though he bought most of it for a fraction of that.
''There is no question that Microsoft's monopoly inhibits the ability to compete in parts of the market -- specifically on the desktop,'' he said.
The weakness in the cellular phone business hurts Motorola twice since the phone units are major customers of the company's semiconductor group.
A spokeswoman for Wal-Mart, Beth Keck, disputed Norway's allegations, saying they were based on inaccurate and outdated information.
After criticism last month, Adobe Systems withdrew its support of the case.
For eBay, Departures Underscore A Risky Time
Wal-Mart's announcement was a crushing blow to Draft FCB, part of the Interpublic Group of Companies, whose stock fell 6.4 percent, or 79 cents a share, to $11.54.
Though America Online was the clear leader in the on-line services business, it had ample reason to worry about an all-out assault by a rival as rich and aggressive as Microsoft.
At Microsoft, the Compaq moves were regarded as almost acts of treason by a longtime business partner, posing a threat to Microsoft's control of the desktop screen and a potential assault on Windows, according to a former Microsoft executive, who spoke on the condition that he not to be identified.
It is not clear how the compound regulates the levels of these proteins, but Celgene's president, Sol J. Barer, said that the compounds ''appear to be highly specific for the suppression of tumor necrosis factor-a.''
''For Procter it is not good news,'' said Andrew Shore, an analyst with Deutsche Banc Alex.
Richard Blumenthal, Connecticut's attorney general, said Oracle's higher bid has no effect on his view of the deal, and shows only that Oracle is moving ahead.
Time Warner Cable and MSG Networks verbally spar over Time Warner's loss of MSG and Fox Sports New York Networks (S)
The four-year-old antitrust case is largely rooted in Microsoft's efforts to undermine Netscape Navigator, a Web browser that posed a threat to its Windows monopoly; Netscape is now part of AOL Time Warner.
The one-two punch from HSBC and Samsung is a serious blow to Interpublic, which is seeking to recover from operational and financial problems that have led to seven consecutive quarterly losses.
As part of the shuffling, Cisco announced that Kevin J. Kennedy, senior vice president for the service provider division, had resigned ''to pursue external opportunities'' but would continue as an adviser.
Google in particular poses a growing threat to eBay.
Asim Parekh, a vice president for Coca-Cola India, said his ''heart sank'' when he heard first heard the accusations because he knew that consumers would be easily confused.
Priceline.com, the name-your-price airline ticket company has lost one of its key backers.
Revenue rose 18 percent, to $8.05 billion from $6.82 billion, coming in at the low end of the range Intel provided in May in its midquarter update, when it said it expected revenue of $8 billion to $8.2 billion.
The other companies behind the complaint are Nokia, Red Hat, RealNetworks, Opera, Corel and Linspire.
An article in Business Day yesterday about a settlement of breast implant litigation proposed by Dow Corning referred incorrectly in some copies to a professor at George Mason University School of Law who commented.
By his own admission, Boeing's management mishandled union talks in 1995 with a poor communications job that failed to avert a strike.
Microsoft has argued that removing Media Player would harm the way Windows works.
Verizon executives say that for the company to compete against lower-cost, nonunion rivals, the workers must pay more for health coverage.
Yahoo initially responded to the threat in 2004 by buying FareChase, then SideStep's chief competitor, for an undisclosed sum.
H&R Block disclosed yesterday that its loss widened to $60.3 million in the third quarter as a result of continued problems at Option One.
Mr. Kamman said that Cisco's fourth-quarter earnings were strong but not remarkable.
Molson, a former owner of the Montreal Canadiens hockey team and an heir of one of Canada's oldest and most prominent business families, died on Saturday in Montreal.
Gregor Freund, chief technology officer for Check Point Software Technologies, for one, was not impressed with Microsoft's recent decision to acquire Sybari Software Inc., a company that makes antivirus software.
and Oce competed with us in printers that use cut sheets, and now we can compete with them, and with offset printers, in continuous feed,'' said Pierre Danon, president of Xerox Europe.
Still, while Xerox is recovering from life-threatening troubles, the curative process has not been painless.
America Online executives say Microsoft is making illegal use of proprietary directory information that is essential to connect instant messenger users via the Internet.
Wal-Mart Stores issued its first response yesterday to a lawsuit that accuses it of allowing sweatshop conditions at overseas factories, saying that the labor rights group that filed the lawsuit on Tuesday had ''a history of presenting opinions as facts.''
Months of high-level fumbling at Marsh & McLennan in dealing with investigation by New York State Atty Gen Eliot Spitzer transformed what could have been manageable, though painful, scandal into all-out corporate crisis; internal struggles continued until last moment before decision to remove Jeffrey W Greenberg as chief executive; initial discussions among independent directors to bring in a Marsh executive as new leader were abandoned when they learned that Michael G Cherkasky, company executive who had no insurance background and was Spitzer's former boss, might resign if he was not selected for job; Marsh announces series of corporate reforms (Market Place column) (M)
Xerox Releases Warning About a 3rd-Quarter Loss
They note, for example, that DuPont's new hybrid corn seeds do yield more corn, but not enough to gain share back from Monsanto.
A merger agreement between Staples and Office Depot was killed in July 1997 when the Federal Trade Commission rejected it on antitrust grounds.
Comcast Corp's shares have dropped 15.8 percent since it made $54.1 billion bid for Walt Disney Co on Feb 10, while Disney's shares have risen 3.4 percent; Comcast is likely to leave its bid open for three to six months, but not longer; investors may be wary of Comcast's stock as long as Disney offer hangs suspended; investors will not bid up Comcast for fear Comcast will increase its offer; bid has also incurred costs to Comcast's reputation; some executives close to Comcast acknowledge they misjudged how investors would react to their offer; photo (Market Place column) (M)
I am deeply troubled that you would suggest that Morgan Stanley's conduct, as described in the Commission's complaint, was not a matter of concern to retail investors.
But some experienced product liability lawyers say a new wave of litigation may not necessarily be more distracting for Merck than the suits that are already working their way through the courts.
And one of his former employees, Ginny Terzano, once Mr. Gore's press secretary, has just been hired by Microsoft to head its lobbying office in Washington, D.C.
The bulk of the settlement, $372 million, will go to buy out two of the worst performing limited partnerships, which own about 120 Courtyard by Marriott hotels.
Thousands of workers fanned out to picket sites throughout the East yesterday as negotiators for Verizon Communications and its unions pressed forward with efforts to end a strike by about 86,000 telephone employees.
''The situation in Asia has worsened dramatically,'' Philip M. Condit, Boeing's chairman and chief executive, told analysts and reporters yesterday, adding that it was ''much deeper and more prolonged than we had first estimated.''
But within hours of the introduction, the Internet was buzzing with claims that Cleartype was suspiciously similar to approaches developed many years earlier by researchers at Apple Computer, I.B.M., the Xerox Corporation and elsewhere.
But if Enron ran into trouble, Citigroup would stop paying the return, keep the investors' principal and instead give them Enron debt.
Verizon's building was near the north tower of the World Trade Center and next door to 7 World Trade Center, which collapsed several hours after the attacks.
Susan L. Decker, Yahoo's new chief financial officer, said the company had taken an ''exhaustive'' look at the impact of struggling companies on its advertising revenue in light of the recent investor concern.
Laboratory Corp of America will market Myriad Genetics' tests for breast cancer and other diseases including colon cancer, melanoma and hypertension (S)
To Apple Computer, the proposal by Microsoft and plaintiffs to settle more than 100 class-action antitrust lawsuits against Microsoft is riddled with flaws -- and carries a big competitive threat.
The new wave of job cuts, Kodak executives said, are a side effect of the sale of Kodak's health imaging business last month.
Gemstar has sued Time Warner, saying it has no right to separate the data from the rest of the broadcast signals.
Verizon Communications says it plans to work with Yahoo to introduce portal for its high-speed Internet service; Verizon's 3.3 million broadband customers will be able to use co-branded portal at no additional charge (M)
Suit Says Intel Bullied Clients
Federal investigators issued a subpoena last Thursday to Pfizer's chief executive, Henry A. McKinnell, after the company refused to provide information on the prices of its prescription drugs.
In the meantime, Interpublic has agreed to take no dividend action as the talks continue and to limit its cash acquisitions.
Aetna remains a defendant in other states, and both Aetna's Prudential units and Health Net remain defendants in fraud suits filed by doctors and medical societies.
into crisis, the agency company agreed to be acquired by a much larger competitor, Omnicom Group, for $234.2 million in cash.
The gathering, in San Jose, Calif., will be closed to the general public and the news media after an  opening speech by Apple's chairman and chief executive, Gilbert F. Amelio, who received poor reviews in January for a rambling presentation and some balky product demonstrations at the company's last crucial conclave, the Macworld conference in San Francisco.
Procter & Gamble's high costs are making it hard to compete on price, Mr. Lafley said.
Pfizer said yesterday that clinical trials of torcetrapib -- a heart medication that is the most important drug in the company's pipeline -- confirmed that it raises blood pressure, a potentially serious side effect.
In a confidential written response to the European Commission's allegations that the company had abused Windows' market dominance, Microsoft wrote that imposing compulsory licensing would violate international copyright law, according to a person with a copy of the response.
''My real intention is to try to get a meeting, not to impress them with my charm -- if I have any -- but to impress them with the intentions and feelings of my adult children,'' Mr. Murdoch said, trying to assuage concerns about succession at the News Corporation as he leaned back on his taupe sofa.
But David R. Stewart, deputy general counsel for RealNetworks, said Tuesday that Microsoft was still not ready to comply with the European ruling.
Bob Dickinson, the president of Carnival Cruise Lines, disputed claims that passengers were not told what was happening.
In how many industries does one business disparage another by name in national television advertisements, as Visa has done with its long-running ''they don't take American Express'' campaign?
During Dr. Santanello's testimony Wednesday morning, Mr. Lanier suggested that Merck had overstated the rate of heart attacks and strokes suffered by patients taking placebos in several clinical trials.
Priceline Cuts Ties With Hill, Holliday
Nike officials criticize the consortium's makeup and its requirement for surprise monitoring visits.
Interpublic says it will have to delay more financial results, and perhaps its annual meeting as well.
This means, conversely, that they look noticeably worse if you happen not to own a Pentium II -- which is the precise situation that Intel hopes to remedy.
The European Commission on Thursday threatened Microsoft with millions of euros in new fines in a long-running antitrust dispute, saying the company was demanding unreasonable royalties from rivals seeking to link their software to the Windows operating system.
Regional Bell companies face new challenges in local telephone business as result of rules allowing cellular customers to take their phone numbers with them when changing carriers and to transfer their home telephone numbers to cellular phones; rules are expected to give customers yet another reason to consider doing without wireline telephone, product at heart of business of four remaining Bells: BellSouth, Qwest, SBC and Verizon; by 2002, Bells lost almost 10 percent of 187.6 million phone lines they served in 2000, and analysts say most important factor in that decline was abandonment of traditional telephones by consumers shifting to cellphones exclusively; photo; graph (M)
If Cablevision jumps into the battle for Adelphia, it would face its longtime rival, Time Warner, which is allied with Comcast in the auction.
Ms. Roehm is suing Wal-Mart for severance pay and has listed Mr.
Xerox, which is based in Stamford, Conn., does have a unique set of problems, though.
Robert Breed, former broker at First United Equities, and Jennifer D'Antoni, former Duke & Co broker, plead guilty to taking secret stock information, major victory for New York State prosecutors in one of the biggest insider trading cases of recent years; nine people have now admitted guilt in case; both pleas were in connection to the use of confidential information supplied by Marisa Baridis, former compliance aide at Morgan Stanley and Smith Barney (M)
Cisco Systems Inc leads battle to control how standard voice phone calls will be transmitted using technology known as Internet telephony or voice-over-IP; Internet protocol systems are selling well in niche phone markets, but are still too unreliable, often deliver low sound quality and are perhaps too expensive to become underlying network language for mainstream phone calls; biggest appeal is that IP can be used on millions of existing corporate and institutional networks based on Internet protocol and with personal computers and other devices for which Internet protocol is already lingua franca; tables; photos (M)
Yesterday Mr. Pressler stepped down after Gap's third dismal holiday shopping season, in what the company described as a ''mutual'' decision.
Now, with the studies failing to show that transplants prolong life, an Aetna official said it was time to accept what science showed.
''A lot has been accomplished, but the competition is not standing still,'' said Thomas P. Razukas, an analyst at Fitch Ratings, which has given a negative outlook rating to Interpublic.
But FedEx already operates counters at 134 of Kinko's 1,200 stores, at which people can leave packages for either ground or air delivery.
Over the last several weeks, Adobe has aggressively pursued ElcomSoft, forcing it to switch Web-host services several times by sending cease-and-desist notices to Web service companies.
Morgan Stanley Group Inc. agreed yesterday to pay $20 million to settle a lawsuit brought against it by West Virginia over a failed investment strategy that ultimately cost the state $280 million and forced it to raise taxes.
Comcast's stock, in particular, has also been hurt by its failed bid to buy the Walt Disney Company earlier this year.
''For them to miss by that amount suggests it's more than just I.B.M.''
But he did describe some practices that eBay considers a violation of the rules.
Separately, Cisco said its No.
Customer turnover also fell to 1.5 percent in the quarter, which Verizon said was the lowest in the industry among major operators that have reported.
Last week, Interpublic indicated that it had identified overstatements amounting to about $45 million in net income and about $145 million in revenue that might have been improperly recognized during the buying spree of the late 1990's.
People magazine, owned by Time Warner, published an article highly critical of American Family Enterprises, the sweepstakes company, now bankrupt, that was 50 percent owned by Time Warner.
If the judge found that Microsoft obtained its position illegally, then Microsoft should have to pay for it.
The company has grown rapidly, and the pressure on it, like the sex-discrimination lawsuit that was certified to include as many as 1.6 million female Wal-Mart workers, is the most intense it has ever been.
Cigna, like the Aetna Life and Casualty Company and other insurers, is increasing reserves for hazardous waste claims.
Merck was not the only company to postpone an initial offering yesterday.
The stakes seem lower for AT&T.
Intel agrees to pay $300 million to Integraph to settle long-running dispute that accused Intel of infringing on patents with its Pentium semiconductors; case was filed in 1997; Intergraph will sell unrelated patents to Intel as part of settlement; graph (S)
The Northrop Grumman Corporation made a hostile $5.9 billion takeover bid for its rival, TRW Inc., late last night after TRW's board rejected its original unsolicited offer.
Intel, the computer chip maker, has decided to cancel two conferences it planned to hold this month in Taipei and Beijing for about 1,000 suppliers, customers and computer programmers, according to Chuck Malloy, a spokesman.
As with any new marketing concept, the value of the Progressive damage calculator is difficult to know.
Analysts said yesterday that they did not expect the public spats between Pfizer and Warner-Lambert to harm the prices of drug stocks.
U.S. Moves to Block General Dynamics Bid for Shipbuilder
Nike, the footwear company, said the action made its site inaccessible for up to 7 hours to some visitors starting at 10 a.m. Eastern time yesterday -- and the company said it was working with law enforcement officials to determine the group responsible for the attack.
Besides Mr. Keller, another Marriott employee, Abdu A. Malahi, was killed.
Vivendi Universal and Time Warner joined Apple in lobbying against the bill.
That was something Chevron could not allow to happen.
The subpoenas, which are so sweeping in scope that they could delay the scheduled Sept. 23 start of the trial, were served last Friday on the International Business Machines Corporation, the Netscape Communications Corporation, Novell Inc., the Oracle Corporation and Sun Microsystems Inc.
As Marsh did, Aon is also expected to issue an apology for making deals with insurance companies that harmed its customers.
Microsoft said yesterday that its co-founder Paul G. Allen and the former Hewlett-Packard executive Richard Hackborne were resigning from the board.
Morgan Stanley agreed last week to pay $1.65 million to settle a case brought by regulators that it had failed to maintain e-mail messages as is required by securities laws.
Mr. Semel said expenses were lower because Yahoo had not been able to hire as many people as it planned, and because it had delayed some advertising campaigns.
That is an expensive way to raise cash, but Xerox cannot borrow at decent rates until some of its short-term debt -- $4.4 billion due this year, $3.9 billion in 2004 -- is paid off.
Comcast, a cable television company based in Philadelphia, submitted a $44.5 billion hostile bid for AT&T's cable systems on Sunday.
Microsoft's critics also assert that the company is unfairly compelling consumers to enroll in Passport as a condition for using other Microsoft services.
Although not everyone has found open-source religion, Microsoft is taking the challenge seriously.
Boston Scientific says ruling by Dutch appeals court will block production, use and sale in Netherlands of drug-coated stents made by Johnson & Johnson's Cordis subsidiary; Dutch court reinstates shutdown order that has been issued in June by Dutch trial judge in patent dispute (M)
A weakened Boeing would probably revive trade tensions between the European Union and Washington, which has repeatedly accused France, Germany and Britain of unfairly subsidizing Airbus.
While some travel companies -- especially some online travel-booking sites -- are notorious for publishing giddily optimistic surveys based on notoriously unreliable user-generated replies, the American Express survey's methodology looks sound.
More than 100 Wal-Mart employees rally at store in Hialeah Gardens, Fla, to protest new policy on employee absences as well as efforts at store to cut workers' hours; officials at Wal-Mart headquarters say protest, which lasted for more than hour, was spurred largely by store manager's plan to reduce payroll by cutting most workers' hours to 35 hours each week from 40; Wal-Mart officials say top manager at store violated company policy by reducing hours across board, instead of doing it usual way by reducing hours here and there to take into account needs of particular departments and shifts (M)
''If we were still part of Xerox, we'd be killed off.''
A spokeswoman for United Healthcare said yesterday that the deal was still progressing on schedule, but Humana, based in Louisville, Ky., was not so enthusiastic.
Last week, a federal judge ruled that Microsoft was in violation of federal and state antitrust laws.
Analysts said the resignation of the executive, James H. Dickerson Jr., 51, the chief financial officer of Aetna's health care unit, raised the prospect that a second quarter of disappointing earnings loomed.
Several of the losing bidders said today that their bids had been substantially lower than AT&T's.
Yet apparently, Microsoft regarded that restriction as too severe.
Goodyear, which is struggling financially, suspended its 401(k) match for 2003.
Cisco cut its expenses nearly in half from the quarter last year, when it took a enormous charge to eliminate 5,000 jobs and had a loss of $2.7 billion, or 37 cents a share.
Verizon, which was formed last year in the merger of Bell Atlantic and the GTE Corporation, has told the Federal Communications Commission and the New York State Public Service Commission that it needs additional protection against attacks on its property.
Mr. Corzine acknowledged while campaigning here today that the sale of most of his Goldman Sachs stock was restricted now by a contractual agreement he made with the investment bank when he resigned as its co-chairman.
On Monday, Caremark rejected the $26 billion bid made on Dec. 18 by Express Scripts, saying that it would ''result in a highly leveraged and weakened business'' if it was approved by shareholders.
For Aruba's top executives, the disadvantages of life as a small unit of Cisco -- constantly battling for resources and attention -- outweighed the advantages of Cisco's brand and marketing muscle.
issued a cease-and-desist order barring Coca-Cola from violating accounting rules.
